Energy is able to move through the systems by undergoing these energy conversion. As an example, energy from the sun is converted from thermal energy into chemical energy by a producer; the producer is then eaten by a consumer; and the energy travels up the food chain. At each level the amount of energy is reduced, following the second law of bioenergetics that states that energy transfer will always proceed in the direction of increased entropy, and the release of “free energy.” In this situation, most energy is lost as heat as it travels through the food chain. 
In living organisms, the molecule that is the source of the stored energy used for cell functions comes in the form of Adenosine Triphosphate, or ATP. The energy is stored in the bonds between the phosphates in the ATP. When energy is needed to do work, for instance moving materials across the cell membrane or for chemical reactions, the bonds are broken and energy is released. Cells therefore have to produce the ATP through the processes of photosynthesis and cellular respiration.

Catalina y Sebastián

Catalina y Sebastián is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca and starring Silvia Navarro and Sergio Basañez as protagonists.


List of gangster movies

The following is a comprehensive list of gangster films from 1900 to the present. 







Virility

Virility (from the Latin "virilitas", manhood or virility, derived from Latin "vir", man) means masculine characteristics with positive views.

Bjørn Inge Mo

Bjørn Inge Mo (16 March 1968 – 10 July 2022) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was mayor of Kåfjord from 2003 to 2015. He was in the Sámi Parliament of Norway from 2017 to 2020.

Mo died on 10 July 2022 at the age of 54.

Sámi Parliament of Norway

The Sámi Parliament of Norway (, , Lule Sami) is the representative body for people of Sámi heritage in Norway. 

The Parliament was opened on 9 October 1989. The seat is in the village of Kárášjohka (Karasjok) in Kárášjohka Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county. 

It currently has 39 representatives, who are elected every four years by direct vote from 7 constituencies. The current president is Silje Karine Muotka who represents the Norwegian Sámi Association.

Webb's First Deep Field

Webb's First Deep Field is the first operational image taken by the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST). It shows the galaxy cluster SMACS 0723 as it appeared 4.6 billion years ago. It was revealed to the public on 11 July 2022. Thousands of galaxies are visible in the image, which is the highest-resolution image of the early Universe ever taken.

"Webb's First Deep Field" is the first full-color image from the JWST, and the highest-resolution infrared view of the universe. The image shows thousands of galaxies. It also shows extremely distant galaxies, showing the most detailed view of the early universe until now.

It was first revealed to the public during a White House event on 11 July 2022 by U.S President Joe Biden.

Kåfjord

Kåfjord ( ; ) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway. 

The city is the 116th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Kåfjord is the 277th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 2,071.


Microsoft Office 2019

Microsoft Office 2019 (Second prepetual release Office 16) is an version of Microsoft Office for both Windows and Mac. It replaces Office 2016 and was replaced by Office 2021. It was release preview on April 27, 2018 for Windows 10 and June 12, 2018 for MacOS, later was retail release on September 24, 2018 on US/UK, October 1, 2018 on EU/EK and October 6, 2018 on India. Office 2019 has pubilshed on Office 365 subscribers are available this release. Microsoft plans will end extended support of Office 2019 on October 10, 2023, but it postponed on October 2025 because it unlike version. Office 2019 will ended support same as most Office 2016 and Windows 10 on October 14, 2025.

In April 27, 2018, Microsoft release Office 2019 Preview version for Windows 10 and June 12, 2018 for MacOS, later was retail on September 24, 2018 on worldwide.


Víctor Benítez

Víctor Benítez Morales (12 September 1935 – 11 July 2022) was a Peruvian footballer. He played as a centre-back or defensive midfielder. He played for the Italian clubs A.C. Milan, A.S. Roma and F.C. Internazionale Milano as well as Argentine club Boca Juniors. He won the European Cup title with A.C. Milan in 1963.

He also made 11 appearances for the Peru national football team between 1957 to 1959.

Benítez died on 11 July 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 86.

RAI

RAI – Radiotelevisione italiana (); mainly known as Rai since 2000 and it was known until 1954 as Radio Audizioni Italiane, is the national public broadcasting company of Italy.

It is owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance. It is one of the biggest broadcasters in Italy. 

Underneath

Underneath is the fourth studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on September 25, 2001.

Jeannie (TV series)

Jeannie is an American animated television series that originally aired for a 16-episode season on CBS from September 8 to December 22, 1973. It was produced by Hanna-Barbera in association with Screen Gems. Its founders are William Hanna and Joseph Barbera are the executive producers. Despite being a spin-off of sorts of the television sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie", "Jeannie" has little in common with its parent show. In this version, the title character is rescued on the beaches of southern California by a high school student, Corey Anders. Jeannie is accompanied by genie-in-training Babu, and they become companions to Corey and his best friend, Henry Glopp, both of whom also help Jeannie and Babu adjust to their new home as well as life in Los Angeles. The series was marketed towards a younger demographic than "I Dream of Jeannie".

Getty

Getty can mean:


Strahinja Pavlović

Strahinja Pavlović ( born 24 May 2001) is a Serbian footballer. He plays as centre-back for Austrian football club Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays in the Serbia national team.

Pavlović started at the local club Savacium. In summer of 2015 he came in the youth system of Partizan. In September 2018 he signed his first professional contract. He was promoted to the first team by manager Zoran Mirković ahead of winter preparations for the second half of the season.

On 23 February 2019 he made his debut for the club in a 3–0 home league win over Proleter Novi Sad. A week later, on March 2 of the same year, Pavlović played his first Eternal derby. At the time he was 17 years and 282 days old. In this year he made 15 matches and won the 2018–19 Serbian Cup.

In this year Pavlović signed a new five-year contract with Partizan. He scored his first career goal in a 2–1 home league loss against Voždovac on 6 October.

On 18 December 2019 he went to AS Monaco. Pavlović would remain on loan with Partizan until June 2020. He debuted on 20 December 2020 versus Dijon. On 21 January 2021 he went to Cercle Brugge on loan until the end of the season because he wanted matchtime.

On 16 February 2022 Pavlović was loaned to Basel in Switzerland until the end of the season.

In June 2022 Red Bull Salzburg announced the transfer of Pavlovic signing a contract till 2027.

Pavlović played in the U17 and U19 team of Serbia. He made his U21 debut on 6 September 2019 versus Russia. He debut in the first team was on 3 September 2020 also against Russia.

In 2022 he was called up to the Serbian squad for the World Cup. He made three appearances at the tournament. He also scored a goal in a 3-3 draw against Cameroon.

Kardashian

Kardashian can mean:


It may also refer to:

Jenner

Jenner can mean:


It may also refer to:

Osteocephalus cabrerai

Osteocephalus cabrerai is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists think it may also live in French Guiana. Scientists have seen it as high as 250 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 39.7–45.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be as large as 71.4 mm. The male frogs and female frogs look different. The females have bumps on their skin called granules and the males have bumps on their skin called tubercles. The adult frog is green with bronze and brown spots and stripes. The sides are lighter. The belly is cream colored. There is a light mark above the lip.

Scientists named this frog for Isadore Cabrera. Cabrera caught the first sample of this frog.

Youba Diarra

Youba Diarra (born 24 March 1998) is a Malian footballer. He plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Diarra started his career in the youth teams of Yeelen Olympique. In January 2018 he moved to Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg. He was loand to Second Division club SC Wiener Neustadt. and made his debut in March 2018 against Floridsdorfer AC.

For the 2018–19 he played for Austrian Bundesliga club TSV Hartberg also on loan. After suffering a cruciate ligament rupture, the loan contract ended in January 2019.

After six months on loan with TSV Hartberg, he returned to FC Red Bull Salzburg in January 2019. In August 2019 he played for the first time for FC Liefering.

On 29 August 2019 he went on loan to FC St. Pauli for the 2019–20 season. He played only three matches for St. Pauli in the 2nd Bundesliga due to injury. His contract ended in January 2020 and he returned to Salzburg.

Diarra made his return from injury with FC Liefering during June 2020. On 11 June 2020, he scored his first goal as a professional in a 3–0 victory over Floridsdorfer AC. On 24 June 2020, Diarra scored another goal in a 4–1 victory over Wacker Innsbruck.

On 1 March 2021 he went on loan to MLS club New York Red Bulls. On 17 April 2021 he made his debut for New York.

On 8 January 2022 he went again to TSV Hartberg on another six-month loan. After the end of the loan he came back to Salzburg.

Elections in Argentina

The Elections in the Argentine Republic are held every two years to elect the legislative bodies (which are renewed by halves, in 4-year terms) and, since 1995, every four to elect the executive power (before they were held every six years). The national constitution, in its first article, establishes that the country has a "representative, republican and federal" government system. Due to its condition as a federal country, two main types of elections are regularly held in Argentina:



In all cases, voting is universal, secret and compulsory for citizens over 16 years of age; although for those under 18 and over 70 years of age, no sanction is foreseen in the event of No vote. In some cases, the vote of settled foreigners is allowed. In November 2012, a law was passed that allows young people between 16 and 18 years of age to vote optionally.

Argentine citizens living abroad may vote in embassies and consulates of Argentina.

Nino Rota

Giovanni Rota Rinaldi (1911-1979) or just Nino Rota was an Italian composer, pianist, conductor and academic. He is known for film music. He composed the music for Francis Ford Coppola's "Godfather" trilogy. He won an Academy Award for Best Original Score for "The Godfather: Part II". He wrote over 150 scores for films from 1930s to 1979. He also composed operas, ballets, orchestra works, chamber music and choral works. 

Gray Frederickson

Gray Frederickson (July 21, 1937 - November 20, 2022) was an American film producer. He has often worked with Francis Ford Coppola. He won an Oscar for "The Godfather: Part II". He was producer for "The" "Godfather trilogy", "Apocalypse Now" and "The Outsiders". 


Academy Award for Best Sound

The Academy Award for Best Sound is a yearly award given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The award is for best sound mixing, editing, recording and sound design.

Voiceless uvular plosive

The voiceless uvular stop is a consonant used in some spoken languages. The letter for it in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨q⟩. This sound is not in the English language but is similar to [k], represented by the "k" in king and the "c" in cat.


Gianni Russo

Gianni Vito Russo is an American actor and singer. He is known for playing Carlo Rizzi in "The Godfather".

Voiced labial–velar approximant

The voiced labial–velar approximant is a consonant sound, used in some spoken languages including English. It is the sound denoted by the letter in the English alphabet. Similarly, the symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is , and the equivalent X-SAMPA symbol is codice_1. In most languages it is the semivocalic counterpart of the close back rounded vowel .

Features of the voiced labial–velar approximant:



Richard Bright (actor)

Richard James Bright (June 28, 1937 – February 18, 2006) was an American actor. He is known for his role Al Neri in "The Godfather" movies. 

He was married to Elisa Granese from 1957⁠ to 1960, to​ Sue D Wallace ​in 1967, and to actress Rutanya Alda from 1977 until his death in 2006, when he was hit by a bus in New York City. He was survived by his wife Rutanya Alda, their son Jeremy, his daughter Diane, and his brother Charles.


Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay

The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is an annual award of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is the award for the best screenplay that comes from other material like novels, plays, musicals and other movies.

Whooping crane

The whooping crane ("Grus americana") is a bird in the Gruidae family. It is the tallest bird in North America, and can live for over 20 years.

There have been a number of attempts to help the bird population to increase, with some success. 

People who shoot the birds risk prosecution. a Louisiana man was sentenced to 45 days imprisonment and a $2500 fine after pleading guilty to a killing in November 2014,

Rudy Bond

Rudolph Bond (October 10, 1912 – March 29, 1982) was an American actor. He acted from 1947 till his death. He did theater, movies and Television. He played Don Carmine Cuneo in "The Godfather". 


Al Lettieri

Alfredo Lettieri (February 24, 1928 – October 18, 1975) was an American actor. He is known for playing Sollozzo in "The Godfather". He appeared with big stars in movies. He worked with Marlon Brando in "The Godfather" and "The Night of the Following Day".

Lenny Montana

Lenny Montana (born Leonardo Passafaro; March 13, 1926 – May 12, 1992) was an American actor. He is known for playing Luca Brasi in "The Godfather". Before acting, he was a professional wrestler and was involved in the New York Mafia. He was an enforcer for the Colombo Crime family.

The Brotherhood

The Brotherhood is a 1968 crime film about the mafia. It was directed by Martin Ritt. It stars Kirk Douglas, Irene Papas, Alex Cord, and Luther Adler. The film had mixed reviews, but was not successful. It was about the mafia, but there were no Italians or Italian-Americans in the film. It was the last gangster film that Paramount produced until "The Godfather".

Keane

Keane may refer to:


Richard Brooks

Richard Brooks (May 18, 1912 – March 11, 1992) was an American screenwriter. He was also a movie director, novelist and film producer. He got eight Oscar nominations. Notable works are "Blackboard Jungle" (1955), "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (1958), "Elmer Gantry" (1960), "In Cold Blood" (1967) and "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977). He won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for "Elmer Gantry." Brooks worked with Mark Hellinger and Warner Brothers. Later he worked with MGM and worked independently.



Joseph Colombo

Joseph Anthony Colombo Sr. ( ]; June 16, 1923 – May 22, 1978) was a crime boss. He was boss of Colombo Crime Family. This was one of the Five Families in New York City. His father was part of the Profaci crime family. Colombo inherited the leadership of Joseph Profaci. He created the Italian-American Civil Rights League in 1970. During his life, he was only 30 days in prison for contempt of court. During the Second Colombo War, Jerome A. Johnson shot Colombo several times. Colombo survived, but was paralyzed. Colombo died of a cardiac arrest.

Italian-American Civil Rights League

The Italian-American Civil Rights League (IACRL) is a group to politically and publicly support Italian-Americans. It was founded in 1970. Although it used legal means, it was connected to organized crime and the mafia such as the Colombo Crime Family. The group wanted to improve the image of mobsters and the Mafia. Today, the organization offers several educational and youth programs and other programs to support the community.

Chaco War

The Chaco War (Spanish: "Guerra del Chaco", Guarani: "Cháko Ñorairõ") was fought from 1932 to 1935 between Bolivia and Paraguay. They fought over the control of the northern part of the Gran Chaco region (known in Spanish as "Chaco Boreal"). The war is also referred to as "The War of Thirst" in literary circles since it was fought in the semi-arid Chaco.

The peace treaties gave two thirds of the disputed territories to Paraguay.

Mott Street

Mott Street (Chinese: 勿街; Jyutping: "Mat6gaai1") is a street in the Manhattan borough of New York City. The street is narrow, but very busy. It is considered the Main Street of Chinatown. Early immigrants were from Taishan, China. Later, more immigrants came from Hong Kong and Taiwan. Ah Ken was a businessman and first Chinese to settle in the area in the 19th century. The street has a history of gangs and is connected to gangs in popular culture. Cantonese gangs terrorized the town for 20 years.
Several crime shows and gangster films have been shot on the street. Examples include "The Godfather", "The Godfather: Part II" and "Once Upon a Time in America", as well as an episode of Law & Order.

Fortunella

Fortunella is a 1958 Italian comedy film. It was directed by Eduardo De Filippo. Federico Fellini wrote the script. The music is by Nino Rota. At the Academy Awards, Rota's score for "The Godfather" was removed, because some of the music was taken from "Fortunella".


Mitchel Air Force Base

Mitchel Air Force Base also known as Mitchel Field was a United States Air Force base. It is located on Long Island, New York. The base was active since the American Revolution. It was used during World War I and II. After World War 2, the base became an Air Force Base. The base was no longer in service in 1961. It is now home to the Cradle of Aviation Museum, Nassau Coliseum, Mitchel Athletic Complex, Nassau Community College, Hofstra University, and Lockheed. The area is a National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). 

Savoca

Savoca (Sicilian: Sàvuca) is a "comune" (municipality) in Italy. 
It is located within the Province of Messina in Sicily. The area borders Casalvecchio Siculo, Forza d'Agrò, Furci Siculo, Sant'Alessio Siculo, and Santa Teresa di Riva. 
The history of the area goes back to the Romans. The region became part of the Kingdom of Sicily in the 12th century. There was cultural and economic prosperity from the 15th to 18th century and decline since the 19th century. More people have been moving to the coastal regions of Sicily. Tourism has slowed down the decline. The town is part of the I Borghi più belli d'Italia. This is a collection of historic towns for tourism. The town has many historic buildings. Some notable buildings are castle Pentefur, old Town Hall, Archimandrite Palace, Church of San Michele and Church of San Nicolò. 
The town is also known, because "The Godfather" was filmed there, alongside the town Forza d'Agrò. The Bar Vitelli and the Church of San Nicolò were the two filming locations of "The Godfather".

Sara Telek

Sara Telek (born 8 August 1988) is an Austrian football match official. 

Telek is since 2013 referee of the Women Bundesliga She was selected to become an assistant referee at UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Mark Stoermer

Mark August Stoermer (born June 28, 1977) is an American musician and songwriter. He was best known as the bassist for the rock band the Killers, with whom he has recorded six studio albums.

In addition to his work with the Killers, Stoermer has released three solo albums, ""Another Life"" in 2011, "Dark Arts" in 2016, and "Filthy Apes and Lions" in 2017. Stoermer also joined the Smashing Pumpkins to tour in support of the band's ninth studio album, "Monuments to an Elegy" (2014), and produced Howling Bells' third studio album "The Loudest Engine" (2011).

Dave Keuning

David Brent Keuning (born March 28, 1976) is an American guitarist and songwriter, best known for his role as the lead guitarist of the rock band The Killers, which he founded alongside Brandon Flowers in 2001 and with whom he has recorded six studio albums.

Guitars 

Sound Equipment

Picks: Dunlop Nylon – 0.60mm, 0.73mm, 1.00mm

Amplifiers

NOTE: Hiwatt currently are one of Keuning's sponsors.

As Keuning
Other appearances


Ronnie Vannucci Jr.

Ronald Vannucci Jr. (born February 15, 1976) is an American musician. He is best known for being the drummer for the American rock band the Killers. Vannucci is also involved in a side project called Big Talk, and became the drummer of the Rentals in 2018.

Forza d'Agrò

Forza d'Agrò is a town and "comune" in southern Italy. It is within Sicily, Italy. 

Greek settlers lived in the town from 8th century and the 5th century BC. The town was most likely a fortress. The Romans conquered the region in 135 BC. It was under Byzantine rule from 536 AD to 827 AD. The Monastery of the Church of S. Peter and Paul of Agrò were built. Roger I of Sicily and his successors built the Castle of Forza D'Agrò and rebuilt the monastery. Forza D'Agrò was loyal to the Spanish crown during the anti-Spanish revolution of 1674. The British used the Castle of S. Alessio and the Castle of Forza D'Agrò as forts against Napoleon in the 19th century. 

In the 1970s the town was one of the filming locations for "The Godfather" and "The Godfather: Part II", alongside Savoca.

William Reynolds

William Henry Reynolds (June 14, 1910 – July 16, 1997) was an American movie editor. He edited movies for sixty years. He edited "The Sound of Music", "The Godfather", "The Sting", and "The Turning Point". Reynolds got seven nominations for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing and won two for "The Sound of Music" and "The Sting".

Peter Zinner

Peter Zinner (July 24, 1919 – November 13, 2007) was an Austrian-American film editor, sound editor, and producer and filmmaker. He did more than fifty films from 1956 to 2006. His most notable films are "The Godfather" and "The Godfather: Part II". Other notable works are "The Professionals," "In Cold Blood, The Deer Hunter" and "An Officer and a Gentleman." 

Zinner fled Nazi Germany with his Jewish parents. In the 1940s, Zinner worked at 20th Century Fox Studios and later Universal Studios. He worked with composers Miklós Rózsa, Jacques Ibert, André Previn, Adolph Deutsch, and Bernard Herrmann. 

Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama

The Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama is an annual award. It is given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. It is part of the Golden Globe Awards. 

Just a Gigolo (1931 movie)

Just a Gigolo is a 1931 American romantic comedy movie directed by Jack Conway and was based on the 1930 play "Dancing Partner" by Alexander Engel. It stars William Haines, Irene Purcell, C. Aubrey Smith, Charlotte Granville, Lilian Bond, Ray Millard and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


East Texas

East Texas is a loosely defined region in Texas in the USA. Much of the region holds the Piney Woods Ecoregion.

Big Bend (Texas)

Big Bend is in the southwest of Texas in the USA. Big Bend is found in the Trans-Pecos region and much of the area of Big Bend is also a part of the Big Bend National Park.

Argentina Provinces

In Argentina, each of the twenty-three federated states named in the Constitution of the Argentine Nation is called a province, which together with the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires constitute the first-order territorial divisions of the country. The provinces have full autonomy, are part of the Nation and are legally prior to it, according to the principles of federalism established in the National Constitution.

ESPN Premium

ESPN Premium (previously known as Fox Sports Premium) is an Argentine premium subscription television channel. It broadcasts soccer from Argentina.
On October 16, 2020, the Argentine Soccer Association broke the Argentine soccer television contract for the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney, leaving Turner as the only company in the broadcast and leaving open the possibility that the Public Television broadcast matches at no additional cost. Finally, on October 30, the court ruled in favor of Disney, thus being able to broadcast the matches normally.

Because Disney sold the rights to everything related to Fox Sports to Mediapro, including the so-called "essential content" (thus complying with one of the rulings imposed by the National Commission for the Defense of Competition) in April 2022, the company kept the Argentine soccer rights that previously belonged to Fox, and therefore also keeping the Fox Sports Premium signal. Due to this, and Disney no longer owning the rights to the "Fox Sports" brand, on May 1, 2022 Fox Sports Premium was renamed to ESPN Premium to reflect this change.

Since 2017, it broadcasts half of the matches (7 of 14) of each date of the Argentine Professional Soccer League and the rest of the matches on a deferred basis, whether they are replays of the channel's matches, or the deferred broadcast of the rest of the 7 matches broadcast by TNT Sports, which are produced jointly by Torneos and the company "La Corte".

The channel has a similarity with the old organization of TyC Max, since you have to pay a monthly cost to watch the games.

Racing with the Moon

Racing with the Moon is a 1984 American romantic period drama movie directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Sean Penn, Elizabeth McGovern, Nicolas Cage, Crispin Glover, Dana Carvey, Pat Carroll, Michael Madsen, Oscar Quitak, Eve Brent, Barbara Howard. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Elena Rybakina

Elena Andreyevna Rybakina (born 17 June 1999) is a Russian-born Kazakhstani professional tennis player. She won the Wimbledon Championships in 2022 and she is the first Kazakhstani player to win a major title. She is also the first to be ranked in the world's top 15, with a career-high ranking of No. 12 by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). Rybakina was born in Moscow, Russia.

The Power of One (movie)

The Power of One is a 1992 American Australian German French drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and was based on the 1989 novel of the same name by Bryce Courtenay. It stars Stephen Dorff, Morgan Freeman, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Simon Fenton, John Gielgud, Fay Masterson, Daniel Craig, Clive Russell, Winston Ntshona, Christien Anholt and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Gil Burford

Gilbert Burford (February 29, 1924 – July 10, 2022) was an American ice hockey Right Wing. He played for Michigan in the late 1940s and early 1950s.

Burford died on July 10, 2022, at the age of 98.

Hirohisa Fujii

Fujii died on 10 July 2022 in Tokyo from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 90.

Gerald McEntee

Gerald William McEntee (January 11, 1935 – July 10, 2022) was an American trade union official. He was president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) from 1981 to 2012.

McEntee died on July 10, 2022, at his home in Naples, Florida from problems caused by a stroke, aged 87.

Ducky Schofield

John Richard "Ducky" Schofield (January 7, 1935 – July 11, 2022), was an American professional baseball infielder. He played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1953 to 1971 for the St. Louis Cardinals, Pittsburgh Pirates, San Francisco Giants, New York Yankees, Los Angeles Dodgers, Boston Red Sox, and Milwaukee Brewers.

Schofield died on July 11, 2022 in Springfield, Illinois at the age of 87.

Tony Binarelli

Antonio "Tony" Binarelli (16 September 1940 – 12 July 2022) was an Italian magician. He was honored with the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. 

Binarelli died on 12 July 2022 at a hospital in Rome, at the age of 81.

Michael Fowler

Sir Edward Michael Coulson Fowler (19 December 1929 – 12 July 2022) was a New Zealand architect, writer and politician. He was the mayor of Wellington from 1974 to 1983. Fowler was born in Marton, New Zealand. He was a member of the National Party.

Fowler died on 12 July 2022 in Wellington, New Zealand from COVID-19 at the age of 92.

Donald Gregg

Donald Phinney Gregg (born December 5, 1927) is a retired American politician. Gregg worked for the Central Intelligence Agency for 31 years, from 1951 to 1982. He was a National Security Council advisor from 1979 to 1982. He was also the National Security Advisor to U.S. Vice President George H. W. Bush from 1982 to 1989.

Gregg was the United States Ambassador to Korea from 1989 to 1993.

Thomas R. Nides

Thomas Richard Nides (born 1961) is an American banker and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to Israel from December 2021 to July 2023 under the Joe Biden administration.

From 2013 to 2021, he was the managing director and vice-chairman of Morgan Stanley. He was the United States Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources from 2011 to 2013 during the Barack Obama administration.

Suspicious Minds

"Suspicious Minds" is a 1968 song written and first recorded by American songwriter Mark James. After this recording failed, it was covered by Elvis Presley, becoming a No. 1 song in 1969.

"Suspicious Minds" was one of the singles that helped Presley's chart success in the U.S., following his "'68 Comeback Special". 

It was his eighteenth and last No.1 single in the United States. 

In December 2003, "Rolling Stone" ranked it No. 91 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. 

Mark James (songwriter)

Mark James (born Francis Rodney Zambon; November 29, 1940) is an American singer-songwriter and producer. He wrote hits for singers B.J. Thomas, Brenda Lee, and Elvis Presley. He wrote Presley's last US number one hit single, "Suspicious Minds."

Angeleyes

"Angeleyes" (also known as "Angel Eyes") is a pop song written and recorded in 1978 by the Swedish group ABBA. It is on their sixth studio album, "Voulez-Vous". The lyrics and music were written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus. It is one of ABBA's most popular tracks in the United Kingdom. The song was a successful hit, peaking at No. 3 on the singles chart.

I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do

"I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do" is song by Swedish pop group ABBA. It was the third single to be released from their third studio album, "ABBA" (1975). The song was written by Benny Andersson, Björn Ulvaeus and their manager Stig Anderson. It was released in April 1975.

Neville Liyanage

Neville Cristy Kumara Liyanage was born 9 October, 1975 in Matugama. He is a Sri Lankan-Malaysian cricketer who played 6 Twenty20 Internationals for Malaysia.

Roma people in Argentina

There is approximately 300,000 Roma in Argentina, making it the country with the second largest Romani community in Latin America after Brazil. The first Romani subgroup to arrive were Spanish Kalé who came from Spain at different times and spoke Spanish dialects rather than the Romani language.

Roma people in Sweden

The Roma population in Sweden is estimated to be between 50,000 to 100,000 individuals. More than twenty dialects of the Romani language are spoken in Sweden. The Roma first arrived in Sweden more than 500 years ago.


Susanne Küng

Susanne Küng (born 19 March 1988) is a Swiss football match official. 

She was selected as an assistant referee at 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2020 Summer Olympics and UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Ruying Culture and Art Museum

The Ruying Culture and Art Museum is located in a social and cultural institution in Xuchang. It currently runs pure literature newspapers such as "Poetry Ruying", "Ruying Young Writers", "School Poetry World" and "Youth Han Haiku", and co-organizes the pure literature publication "Literature Yu Army", "Dust Time" and other magazines.

Ruying Culture and Art Museum is located in Xuchang, the ancient capital of Cao Wei, and is officially registered by the famous writer and Nobel Prize winner Mo Yan, which is a comprehensive cultural and art institution officially registered with the approval of relevant departments and with the support and help of leaders from all walks of life and literature lovers. The museum is presided over by the board of directors in daily work, with young writers as the main support objects, through organizing literary and artistic cultural exchange activities, helping young writers improve their level of literary and artistic creation, disseminate scientific and cultural knowledge, and contribute to the socialist cultural cause.

Ruying Culture and Art Museum is a service organization that undertakes social public cultural undertakings and prosperses grassroots popular culture. For a long time, Ruying Culture and Art Museum has mainly supported young literary and artistic creators in colleges and universities, and actively played a service role. Assist young authors to publish the anthology "Ruying Young Writers: Old Times in the Alley", etc., and at the same time discover and cultivate literary talents through organizing a series of literary and artistic exchange activities, establish correct values and cultural views for young literary creators, feel the atmosphere of the new era, and understand the meaning of literary creation.

People's Television Network

People's Television Network (; abbreviated PTV) is the flagship state broadcaster owned by the Government of the Philippines. Founded in 1974, PTV is the main brand of People's Television Network, Inc. (PTNI), one of the attached agencies under the Presidential Communications Office (PCO). 

PTV, along with government-owned media companies Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation and the Philippine Broadcasting Service-Bureau of Broadcast Services, forms the media arm of the PCO and acts as a primary state television broadcaster that focuses on news, information and public service programming. Its head office, studios and transmitter are located at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Barangay Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City.

As a government-run station, PTV receives funding from the General Appropriations Act (Annual National Budget) and sales from blocktimers and advertisers, among others. PTV also runs a former Muslim-oriented digital television channel Salaam TV.


List of People's Television Network stations and channels

These are the channels of the People's Television Network in the Philippines.


List of Manila Broadcasting Company stations

This is the list of radio and television stations owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company.

Note: all stations are licensed to MBC or its affiliate broadcast licensees (Philippine Broadcasting Corporation, Cebu Broadcasting Company and Pacific Broadcasting System)

<nowiki>*</nowiki>All provincial stations nationwide carrying DZRH via satellite.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Originating Stations of Love Radio Manila & Provincial


<nowiki>*</nowiki>
Temporary Broadcast in a Medium Power, the format of this station is EDM,Music.


Rosângela Lula da Silva

Rosângela da Silva (born 27 August 1966), commonly known by her nickname Janja, is a Brazilian sociologist and the current First Lady of Brazil, being married to 35th and the 39th President of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. She was a communications advisor at Eletrobras.

José Serra

José Serra Chirico (; born March 19, 1942) is a Brazilian politician. He was a Senator from 2015 to 2023. He was senator before between 1995 to 2003. He is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party.

He was Governor of São Paulo from 2007 to 2010. Before, he was Mayor of São Paulo from 2005 to 2006.

From 1987 to 1995, he was a Federal Deputy. He was the Minister of Planning and Budget from 1995 to 1996 and Minister of Health from 1998 to 2002 during the Fernando Henrique Cardoso administration. 

Serra was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Michel Temer administration from 2016 to 2017.

Serra ran for President of Brazil in 2002 however lost the election to Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. He ran for president again in 2010, however he lost the election to Dilma Rousseff.

Tess Olofsson

Tess Olofsson (born 24 January 1988) is a Swedish international football referee. She has been an international football since 2016.

Since 2018, Olofsson has been a referee in the Swedish Svenska Cupen.

Olofsson was appointed to be a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Eduardo Paes

Eduardo da Costa Paes (, born 14 November 1969) is a Brazilian politician who was the mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro from 2009 to 2012, re-elected for a second term from 2013 to 2016 and returning elected again in 2021. 

Fabio Ingolitsch

Fabio Ingolitsch (born 10. April 1992) is a former Austrian football player. Now he is football manager and head coach of FC Liefering in the Second Austrian League. 
He played for different clubs in lower classes of Salzburg. At the age of 25 he ended his career as player.

From 2012 to 2014 he trained youth teams of his local club SK Bischofshofen. In April 2016 he got the UEFA A-license at the age of 24 .With the beginning of the 2017/18 season he became assistant coach to Janusz Góra und Gerhard Struber for FC Liefering. He also was assistant coach under Bo Svensson. In January 2021 Matthias Jaissle became head coach of Liefering and Ingolitsch head coach of the U-18 team. In October 2021 he got the UEFA-Pro-license. At the age of 29 he was the youngest Austrian who did so. With the start of the 2022/23 season he came back to Liefering as head coch. At the end of the season he left the club.

Ingolitsch is also a teacher. He is the older brother of Sandro who plays for SK Sturm Graz in the Bundesliga..

List of television and radio stations in Metro Cebu

The following are the lists of television and radio stations broadcasting in Cebu City in the Republic of the Philippines.






Caetés, Pernambuco

Caetés (, , "Caaetes") is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco, in northeastern Brazil. It is the birthplace of former president of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. 

Osteocephalus carri

Osteocephalus carri is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Colombia. It lives near the Amazon River and a little way up into the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Osteocephalus buckleyi", but it is not. Scientists watched the frogs and saw the tadpoles of the two species looked different.

1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition

The 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition organised by Dutch athletics club R.A.V. Pro Patria on 27 August 1922. The competition was the earliest women's international athletics competitions in the Netherlands, with the 100 metres being the first event. It was organised by Pro Patria as celebration of the opening of their own new sports field at the "Vlaggenmastkade" in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.

A team of the Netherlands and a team of the German Berliner Turn Verein. Jahn Neukoln participated. The competition consisted of a 100 metres event and a 4x 100 metres relay.

During the day also men's national athletics competitions took place. In the morning junior events and in the afternoon men's events.

On 21 August the first names were announced for the competition.

From the Netherlands the Dutch national record holder and national champion in the 80 metres Annie van de Blankevoort of club Rozenburg was part of the competition. Besides of her, four athletes of G.S.V. completed the "Rotterdam" team.

From Germany the club of Berliner Turn Verein. Jahn Neukoln was invited, including national champion Margarete Furchheim.

Negotiations had been made to bring club Crefeldsche Athletiek Veriein. "Der Comet". However, the club didn't come to the competition.

Mister C. van der Ende (president-camp judge) was the first speaker. In kind words he complimented the present clubs. After his speach the flag of Pro Patria was raised. The next three speakers were Seton in name of athletics club R.V.B.; D. van Krevelen in name of the athletic association of South Holland (Z.H.A.B.) and Hartog in name of O.D.I.. The athletics club G.S.V. handed over a laurel wreath. Then G. Büff answered the row of speakers. Mr. Balfoort (Physical Education Inspector) thereafter thanked for his presence. Finally, Mr Van der Ende gave the signal to start.

At the time there was not yet an official Dutch national record in the 100 metres. Before the competition newspapers mentioned the "best performance" in the 100 m of Annie van de Blankevoort with a time of 13.1 seconds.

The women's international competitions were held under good weather conditions in the afternoon of 27 August 1922.

Source:

The German Margarete Furchheim won her semi-final and ran with remarkable ease 8 metres ahead of De Bock.
The relay event was an easy win for the Rotterdam team.

Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama

The Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama is an annual award. It is part of the Golden Globe Awards. It is given by Hollywood Foreign Press Association.

The following actors have multiple awards: Tom Hanks, Jack Nicholson, Marlon Brando, Daniel Day-Lewis, Leonardo DiCaprio, Dustin Hoffman, Peter O'Toole, Al Pacino, Gregory Peck and Jon Voight. The actors with more than five nominations are: Al Pacino, Denzel Washington, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jack Nicholson, Daniel Day-Lewis, Paul Newman, Tom Hanks and Jack Lemmon. 












Golden Globe Award for Best Director – Motion Picture

The Golden Globe Award for Best Director – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is for a director of a movie. It is part of the Golden Globe Awards. The directors with the most nominations are Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese. 


















Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture

The Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award. It is given by Hollywood Foreign Press Association. 

The following actors have won multiple awards: Richard Attenborough (consecutive), Edmund Gwenn, Martin Landau, Edmond O'Brien, Brad Pitt, and Christoph Waltz. Jack Nicholson and Ed Harris have the most nominations. 

David Brian - Intruder in the Dust







The Wire

The Wire is an American crime drama television series created by former reporter David Simon. It is set and produced in Baltimore, Maryland. The series began airing on the premium cable network HBO on June 2, 2002 and ended March 9, 2008. It had 60 episodes in five seasons. 

The characters are divided into six groups: the law, the politicians, the street, the schools, the docks, and the paper. 

Execuflight Flight 1526

Execuflight Flight 1526 was an Execuflight airline charter flight from Dayton Airport, Ohio to Akron Fulton Airport on November 10, 2015, with a Hawker 800. On final approach to Akron, the pilots lost control of the aircraft and crashed in a residential neighborhood and exploded. The nine occupants were killed in the crash, the aircraft and the house in which it had crashed, had burned completely at the accident site.

The crew consisted of 40-year-old Colombian Captain Oscar Chávez and 50-year-old Italian First Officer Renato Marchese. There were no flight attendants on the flight. The captain had been with the airline since June 4, 2015. His cumulative flight experience was 6,170 hours, of which he had flown 3,414 hours as pilot in command. He had 1,020 hours of flight experience with the accident plane, of which 670 hours as pilot in command. The first officer was hired by Execuflight on June 1, 2015. He had 4,382 hours of flight experience, 3,200 of which he had served as pilot in command. His flight experience with accident-type aircraft totaled 482 hours, which he had completed in its entirety as a first officer.

Flight 1526 took off from Dayton Wright Brothers Airport (MCY) to Akron-Canton Airport (CAK). Flight 1526 was cruising altitude at 17,000 feet (5,180 metres). 

When they are descending to 13,000 feet (3,960 metres), the Captain checks the weather to the control tower and they reported winds at 290 degrees at 07 celcius, visibility at 2km, and temperature at 09 celcius, but unpredictable that they've overcast the weather in the Airport. 

As the crew descending at 9,000 feet (2,740 metres), the controller reported the visibility changes at 1.5 mist, weather condition 600 feet broken, and temperature 11 celcius. The Akron weather is getting worse if there's a possible chance to land in Akron-Canton Airport. 

6 minutes from landing, the crew got a new distraction. The flight instructor was also teaching the pilot how to land in bad weather as the same runway as Flight 1526. The controller holds Flight 1526 onto the approach and requested heading 360, reducing speed 170 knots, and maintaining 3,000 feet which they need to hold their course and delaying their descent. After 2 minutes further delay on runway 25 localizer, Flight 1526 is cleared to land. The crew was notified that the piper had landed safely on the runway and the pilots are now ready to land. While approaching on the runway, the crew checks the final preparations onto the runway 25 localizer. As 2 miles from the runway, the pilots still searching when the visibility gets worsen. They need to have their safe minimum descent altitude until the pilots could see the runway. When the plane breaks through a thick clouds, they can see the ground clearly. As the plane still approaching and still looking at the runway, they've descended very steeply as they still looking on the runway. When they are below minimum descent altitude, the First Officer tried to push the throttle up, then the stick shaker and aerodynamic stall warning sounded when they are in danger above minimum approach onto the runway and which resulted the plane crashes in a 2-story residential building area.

Recordings and interviews with the colleagues of the pilots showed that the pilots were overly tired at the time of the accident, having only slept about six hours a night on average during the previous nights. 

They lowered the aircraft below the safe altitude of 473 feet, although they could see the ground but still could not see the runway. As they searched for the runway, they failed to see that the airspeed had dropped to 98 knots, causing an aerodynamic stall.
The accident is featured in the 2nd episode of Season 21 of "Air Crash Investigation," also known as "Mayday." The episode is titled "Playing Catch Up".

Bucyrus, North Dakota

Bucyrus is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States.

Haynes, North Dakota

Haynes is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States.

Reeder, North Dakota

Reeder is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States.

Dazey, North Dakota

Dazey is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Fingal, North Dakota

Fingal is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Kathryn, North Dakota

Kathryn is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Leal, North Dakota

Leal is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Litchville, North Dakota

Litchville is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Nome, North Dakota

Nome is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Oriska, North Dakota

Oriska is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Pillsbury, North Dakota

Pillsbury is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Rogers, North Dakota

Rogers is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Sanborn, North Dakota

Sanborn is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Sibley, North Dakota

Sibley is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Zee News

Zee News is an Indian Hindi- language television channel, that focus on posting News. The channel is owned by Subhash Chandra's Essel Group. It was launched on 27 August 1999 and is the flagship channel of the Zee Media Corporation.

The channel has been involved in several controversies and has broadcast fabricated news stories many times. The channel has been subjected to an ongoing criminal defamation case against legislator Mahua Moitra as of March 2020.

Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score

The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) gives the award. 

Composer John Williams has the most nominations (24) and wins. 


Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay

The Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award. It is given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.

National Society of Film Critics

The National Society of Film Critics (NSFC) is an organization of film critics. The society gives out annual awards. The awards are very competitive. There are 60 members from newspapers and other media. The society also publishes books and articles. 


BAFTA Award for Best Original Music

The BAFTA Award for Best Original Music is annual award for movie composers. It is given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. It used to be called Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music. 

John Williams and Hans Zimmer have the most nominations. 








"This list is incomplete. You can help by expanding it."

The following individuals have been nominated for the award multiple times:

"This list is incomplete. You can help by expanding it."

The following individuals have won the award multiple times:

C'è la luna mezzo mare

"Luna mezz'o mare" (Moon amid the sea) is a comic Italian song. It was written in 1927 and has gotten worldwide popularity. It is often sung at Italian-American weddings. The song has been translated and made into hit songs. Hit versions include "Oh! Ma-Ma! (The Butcher Boy)" by Rudy Vallée and "Lazy Mary (Luna Mezzo Mare)" by Lou Monte. The song appears in "The Godfather."

The song has been notably recorded with the following performers and titles:

Jacintha Weimar

Jacintha Weimar (born 11 June 1998) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Feyenoord and the Netherlands national team.

Weimar played with Bayern München in the Frauen-Bundesliga in Germany. Afterwards she played with SC Sand, also in Germany.

Van Domselaar has represented Netherlands at various youth levels.

In July 2022, she was called up to the senior team during the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 after goalkeeper Sari van Veenendaal had to leave due to an injury in the first match.

Loew's State Theatre (New York City)

Loew's State Theatre was a movie theater. It is located on 1540 Broadway on Times Square in New York City. The theater opened in August 29, 1921 and closed in 1987. Many films have premiered in the theatre. Notable ones include "The Three Musketeers" (1948), "Annie Get Your Gun" (1950), "Some Like It Hot" (1959), Ben-Hur (1959), "Becket" (1964), and "Doctor Dolittle" (1967), "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (1968) and "The Godfather" (1972).

Central Texas

Central Texas is a region in Texas in the USA in and around Austin.

Colby Donaldson

Colby Donaldson is an American TV personal. He is known for being on survivor.


African-American culture

African American culture is the culture of African Americans. African Americans are black citizens of the United States brought to America during the slave trade who have origins in Africa. African American culture is influenced by African, European and Native American cultures. Soul food is a cuisine from the Southern United States influenced by West African cuisine, Native American cuisine and the cuisine of the Southern United States eaten and cooked by African Americans. Many American music genres such jazz, rock, blues, R&B, hip hop can trace their roots to African American communities. Many African Americans speak AAVE, a dialect influenced by Southern American English.


A Crime (1940 movie)

A Crime (Swedish: Ett brott) is a 1940 Swedish crime drama movie directed by Anders Henrikson (who also stars) and was based on the 1933 play of the same name by Sigfrid Siwertz. Also starring Edvin Adolphson, Karin Ekelund, Carl Barcklind, Gösta Cederlund, Håkan Westergren, Sigurd Wallén, Dagmar Ebbesen, Einar Axelsson, Åke Claesson.

Ivo Fürer

Jakob Andreas Ivo Fürer (20 April 1930 – 12 July 2022) was a Swiss prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of St. Gallen from 1995 to 2005. Fürer was born in Gossau, St. Gallen, Switzerland.

Fürer died on 12 July 2022 in Gossau from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 92.

Bramwell Tovey

Bramwell Tovey, (11 July 1953 – 12 July 2022) was a British conductor and composer. He conducted for the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra and the Rhode Island Philharmonic Orchestra. He also composed the movie score for "Eighteen".

Trovey died in Barrington, Rhode Island on 12 July 2022 from a sarcoma at the age of 69.

List of programs broadcast by the Nick Jr. Channel

The following is a list of programs broadcast by the Nick Jr. Channel.

The Nick Jr. Channel was launched on September 28, 2009 as a spin-off of Nickelodeon's long-running preschool programming block of the same name, which had aired since 1988. The channel features original series and reruns of programming from Nickelodeon's weekday morning lineup.


"Parenthood" was acquired and exclusive to NickMom. Other series were acquired via Nick at Nite.

Arturo Alessandri Besa

Arturo Alessandri Besa (31 October 1923 – 13 July 2022) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. Alessandri was member of his country's Chamber of Deputies in 1973 and also of the Senate from 1990 to 1998. He also was candidate for the presidency of Chile in the 1993 elections. 

He was the grandson of Arturo Alessandri Palma and the nephew of Jorge Alessandri, both presidents of Chile. He was born in Santiago, Chile.

Alessandri Besa died on 13 July 2022 in Santiago at the age of 98.

Antti Litja

Antti Vilho Olavi Litja (21 February 1938 – 12 July 2022) was a Finnish actor. He was born in Helsinki, Finland. Litja was known for his roles in "The Clan – Tale of the Frogs" (1984), "Farewell, Mr. President" (1987), "The Glory and Misery of Human Life" (1988), "Princess" (2010) and "The Grump" (2014).

Litja died on 13 July 2022 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 84.

Charlotte Valandrey

Charlotte Valandrey (29 November 1968 – 13 July 2022) was a French actress and author. Valandrey's first movie role was in the 1985 political drama "Red Kiss". In 1986, she appeared in the music video for David Bowie's song "As The World Falls Down".

Valandrey died on 13 July 2022 at a hospital in Paris from problems caused by heart surgery at the age of 53.


Blue Beetle (movie)

Blue Beetle is a 2023 American superhero movie based on the DC Comics character Jaime Reyes / Blue Beetle. It was released by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the 16th movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The movie is directed by Angel Manuel Soto and stars Xolo Maridueña as the title character.


Harvey Guillén stars Dr. "Sanchez", a scientist who works for Victoria; and Becky G as the voice of Khaji-Da, an entity that imbues and controls the Scarab. An uncredited actor portrays Ted Kord in a voice-only cameo appearance in the mid-credits scene.

Harvey Guillén

Javier "Harvey" Guillén (; born May 3, 1990) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as the human Guillermo de la Cruz in the 2019 television series "What We Do in the Shadows".

He identifies as queer.

Bruna Marquezine

Bruna Reis Maia (born 4 August 1995), known professionally as Bruna Marquezine, is a Brazilian actress. She is known for her roles in the telenovelas "Mulheres Apaixonadas", "América", "Salve Jorge", "I Love Paraisópolis" and "Deus Salve o Rei".

She will play Jenny Kord in the upcoming 2023 DCEU movie "Blue Beetle".

Chris Sarandon

Christopher Sarandon (; born July 24, 1942) is an American actor. He is well known for playing Jerry Dandrige in "Fright Night" (1985), Prince Humperdinck in "The Princess Bride" (1987), Detective Mike Norris in "Child's Play" (1988), and Jack Skellington in "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993).

He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role Leon Shermer in "Dog Day Afternoon" (1975).

Joanna Gleason

Joanna Gleason (née Hall; born June 2, 1950) is a Canadian actress and singer. She played Baker's Wife in Stephen Sondheim's "Into the Woods" where she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical. 

She was also in Mike Nichols' "Heartburn" (1985), Woody Allen's "Hannah and Her Sisters" (1986), and "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989), and Paul Thomas Anderson's "Boogie Nights" (1997). She also played Kim Clozzi in two episodes of "Friends".

Her parents were Monty Hall and Marilyn Hall.

Defeated at the Regatta (Rotta)

Defeated at the Regatta (also known as Sconfitto alla regata or Last Prize in Venice Boat Race) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Antonio Rotta. It was painted about 1858, in Venice, Italy. Is in the collection of the Pinacoteca di Brera of Milano.

The painting after being purchased, by the will of the House of Savoy, in 1858 for the collection of Palazzo Reale di Torino, and placed on the first floor of Palazzo Reale in the Galleria delle Battaglie it was sold to the Pinacoteca di Brera in Milan.

In 1860 in Turin, Antonio Rotta aroused the enthusiasm and emotion of the public for the "Sorrowful Hunter who takes care of his dying dog", which remained unsold due to the high sum of 3000 lire (250 gold napoleons), the highest price of the time found throughout the Venice exhibition. The work was strongly applauded by Carlo Tenca. In "The boring page", created in sequence with "The profaned page", Risorgimento and anti-Austrian political allusions were read by a reviewer and the artist was treated as a "philosopher painter", capable of instilling noble "superior ideas" into childhood.

The painting portrays the despair over the defeat of a regatta in the Republic of Venice.





Light Sleeper

Light Sleeper is a 1992 American crime drama movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring Willem Dafoe, Susan Sarandon, Dana Delany, David Clennon, Mary Beth Hurt, Victor Garber, David Spade, Sam Rockwell. It was distributed by Fine Line Features.


Secular religion

A secular religion is a belief that often rejects or neglects the metaphysical aspects of the supernatural, commonly associated with traditional religion, instead placing typical religious qualities in earthly entities.



Sweet Liberty

Sweet Liberty is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Alan Alda (who also stars) and also starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Caine, Bob Hoskins, Lise Hilboldt, Lillian Gish, Saul Rubinek. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Vaughan Brown

Vaughan Raymond Brown was born 3 November, 1959 in Christchurch. He is a former cricketer who played 2 tests and 3 one-day internationals for New Zealand in the 1980s.


UCLA Taser incident

The UCLA Taser incident occurred on November 14, 2006, when Mostafa Tabatabainejad, a fourth-year University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) student, was drive stunned multiple times with a Taser by campus police, for allegedly refusing to be escorted out of the College Library Instructional Computing Commons (CLICC) lab at Powell Library. The police had been called after Tabatabainejad had refused to provide his BruinCard (student ID) to a UCLA Community Service Officer during a routine check. Part of the incident was recorded on video by a camera phone.



University of Florida Taser incident

On September 17, 2007, U.S. Senator John Kerry addressed a Constitution Day forum at the University of Florida in Gainesville, which was organized by the ACCENT Speakers Bureau, an agency of the university's student government. Initially allowed to ask questions after the close of the question period, Andrew Meyer, a 21-year-old fourth-year undergraduate mass communication student, entered into a planned line of questioning and was forcibly pulled away from the microphone. He immediately resisted the campus security and was subsequently arrested by university police. During arrest, the officers asked him repeatedly to stop resisting, but Meyer continued to struggle and scream for help. While six officers held Meyer down one of the officers drive stunned him with a Taser following Meyer's shouted plea to the police, "Don't tase me, bro!".
Several videos of the episode were posted on the Internet, with one version reaching 7 million views on YouTube. The "New Oxford American Dictionary" listed "tase/taze" as one of the words of the year for 2007, popularized by the widespread use of the phrase "Don't tase me, bro!". Meyer registered the phrase as a trademark in September 2007.

Toby Turner had made a remix of Meyer shouting "Don't tase me, bro!" to the police on YouTube and had over 1.0 million views on the University remix. He went to University of Florida, so he would've witnessed the university incident while in the auditorium. This would've caused Toby to laugh maniacally.



Eaton Township Weis Markets shooting

In the morning of June 8, 2017, employees at a Weis Market supermarket in Eaton Township, Pennsylvania were stocking and closing the store for the night. Shortly before 1:00 a.m., 24-year-old Randy Stair barricaded the exits of the store and started to shoot and kill three of his co-workers before shooting himself.


After the shooting, Stairs' parents Robert Stair and Lori Anne Stair offered their condolences towards the victims' families, Stair's father commented. 

Bone Thugs-n-Harmony

Bone Thugs-N-Harmony (formerly known as B.O.N.E. Enterprises) is an American hip hop group. Its members are Bizzy Bone, Wish Bone, Layzie Bone, Krayzie Bone, and Flesh-n-Bone. The group was signed to Ruthless Records in late 1993, when they debuted with their EP "Creepin on ah Come Up". The EP included their breakout hit single "Thuggish Ruggish Bone". Their hit song "Tha Crossroads", won a Grammy Award in 1997. It was a tribute to Eazy-E. 

The group is considered as one of the greatest hip hop groups of all time. Bone Thugs-n-Harmony is the only group that has worked with Tupac Shakur, the Notorious B.I.G., Eazy-E, and Big Pun while they were all still alive. About.com ranked them number 12 on its list of the 25 Best Rap Groups of All Time. MTV called them "the most melodic hip-hop group of all time."



The Prisoner of Zenda (1913 movie)

The Prisoner of Zenda is a 1913 American silent adventure movie directed by Hugh Ford and Edwin S. Porter. It was based on the 1894 novel of the same name by Anthony Hope and starring James K. Hackett, Beatrice Beckley, David Torrence, Frank Shannon, Minna Gale. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Molecular subtypes

Molecular subtyping of cancer, as its name suggests, is a new way to classify cancers into different groups based on molecular data and classification models. Unlike the traditional histological classification of cancer, molecular classifications rely on biomarkers and classifiers. Biomarkers can be informative genes, microRNAs (miRNAs), DNA methylation markers and others. Classifiers can be built by machine learning algorithms, such as Prediction Analysis for Microarrays (PAM), Support Vector Machines (SVMs) and more.

Fernando González

Fernando Francisco González Ciuffardi (; born 29 July 1980) is a Chilean former professional tennis player. He played in all quarterfinals of all four Grand Slam tournaments. He played his only major final at the 2007 Australian Open, losing to top-seeded Roger Federer. He has also won Olympic gold, bronze and silver medals.

Since 2017, he is in a relationship with retired Argentine field hockey player Luciana Aymar. They have a son.

Eugenio Scalfari

Eugenio Scalfari (; 6 April 1924 – 14 July 2022) was an Italian journalist and politician. He was editor of the news magazine "L'Espresso". He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1968 to 1972 as a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He was a co-founder of the newspaper "La Repubblica" and its editor from 1976 to 1996. Scalfari was born in Civitavecchia, Italy. He also wrote for "Il Mondo" and "L'Europeo".

Scalfari died on 14 July 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 98.

2022 Sri Lankan presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Sri Lanka on 20 July 2022. President Gotabaya Rajapaksa left the country on 13 July 2022 instead of resigning as he promised. Ranil Wickremesinghe won the election and will serve a term of 2 years.







A Lion in Town

A Lion in Town (Swedish: Lejon på stan) is a 1959 Swedish comedy movie directed by Gösta Folke and starring Nils Poppe, Ann-Marie Gyllenspetz, Herman Ahlsell, Jan-Erik Lindqvist, Sigge Fürst, Olof Thunberg, Git Gay, Åke Fridell.

Brazilian slender-legged tree frog

The Brazilian slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus subtilis") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil and Colombia. Scientists think it may also live in Peru.

Scientists saw this frog sitting on plants 1-2 m above the ground.

This frog is brown in color with brown or red stripes sideways across its back. Its eyes are very large. There is a white spot above each eye.

Bongkosh Rittichainuwat

Bongkosh Ngamsom Rittichainuwat is an Thai Researcher, Scholar, Professor and academic administrator. She is currently Associate Dean & Professor of the international College of Hospitality & Tourism Management at Siam University. She is also the board member of "Pacific Asia Travel Association".


Siam University

Siam University  is a university in Bangkok, Thailand. It is in the Phasi Charoen District. 
In 1965 Narong Mongkhonvanit established Siam University as a three-year private engineering college. Siam University, previously known as Siam Technical College, was legally founded as an institution of higher education with degree-granting authority in 1973. Siam Technical College was later renamed Siam Technical Institution, a full-fledged private, non-profit university, in 1986. Three years later, the name was changed once more to Siam University to symbolize the breadth of academic options available.

Priyanka Rani Joshi

Priyanka Rani Joshi (born 19 March 1998) is a Nepalese model and Miss Nepal World 2022. 

Phuspa Ram KC

Phuspa Ram KC was the 11th Armed Police Force Inspector General (Nepal).


Joosje Burg

Joosje Burg (born 29 July 1997) is a Dutch field hockey forward from Veghel. She plays with HC 's-Hertogenbosch and the Netherlands women's national field hockey team.

Burg plays with HC Den Bosch since 2015.

Burg played with the national Under–21 team at the 2016 Women's Hockey Junior World Cup in Santiago, Chile.

Burg was a reserve player during the 2020–21 Women's FIH Pro League and made her debut in the 2021–22 Women's FIH Pro League. She scored during the league several times.

She was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup, held in July 2022.

The father of Burg died in January 2019 from a fatal accident during a holiday in Thailand.

Raju Aryal

Raju Aryal is the Armed Police Force's Inspector General of Nepal. He was designated as the successor to the 12th Armed Police Force (Nepal) on May 2, 2022.


Radhika Tamang

Radhika Tamang is the deputy speaker of the Provincial Assembly of the Bagmati Province and a politician from Nepal. In May 2018, she won a seat in the Nuwakot 1 (constituency).

Tamang people

The Tamang are an indigenous Tibetano-Burmese-speaking ethnic tribal group from Nepal whose cast name is Tamang. In Nepal, Tamang/Moormi people make for 1.539,830 persons, or 5.6% of the country's total population, up from 1.3 million in 2001.

Rajendra Laxmi Gaire

Rajendra Laxmi Gaire is a politician in Nepal and a member of the Communist Party of Nepal, is known by his Nepali name of (Unified Marxist-Leninist). She was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is also a member of the Rashtriya Sabha.


Lisa Post

Lisa Post (born 27 January 1999) is a Dutch field hockey defender from Eindhoven. She plays with HC Oranje-Rood and the Netherlands women's national field hockey team.

Burg played with HC Oranje-Rood and moved to SCHC in 2022.

Post played with the national Under–21 team at the 2017 Women's EuroHockey Junior Championship and 2019 Women's EuroHockey Junior Championship.

Burg made her internatioal debut during the 2019 Women's FIH Pro League. She was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup, held in July 2022.

National Assembly (Nepal)

The lower house of the Federal Parliament of Nepal is known as the House of Representatives, while the upper house is known as the National Assembly or Rastriya Sabha (Nepali:राष्ट्रिय सभा; Rāṣṭriya sabhā). The Constitution of Nepal's Parts 8 and 9 define the Assembly's makeup and authority. There are 59 members in total: three are nominated by the President on the advice of the government, and eight are chosen by electoral colleges in each of the seven provinces.

Hélène Brasseur

Hélène Brasseur (born 4 January 2002) is a Belgian field hockey defender. She plays with La Gantoise HC and the Belgium women's national field hockey team.

Brasseur plays since 2017 with La Gantoise HC and became national champion with the team in 2021 and 2022.

Brasseur made her internatioal debut in 2020. She was selected in the Belgian squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup, held in July 2022.

Sanil Shahi

Sanil Shahi is a pro boxer from Nepal. At the 2019 South Asian Games in Nepal, he competed for Nepal and took home a gold medal. Additionally, he represents Nepal Police Club. He also represents Nepal Police Club.

Nepal Police Club

The Nepal Police own and operate the sports club known as Nepal Police Club (formerly Mahendra Police Club). The club plays in Nepal's premier club football league, the Martyr's Memorial A-Division League. Mahendra Police Club, which was founded in 1952 and is named for King Mahendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev, has been a member of the New Nepal League from that organization's founding. The club placed second in the 2004–05 season and third the next.

Nepal Police

The main and national law enforcement organization in Nepal is called Nepal Police. Its major duties are to uphold law and order, prevent crime, and cd

arry out criminal investigations within the boundaries set by the Nepalese Constitution. In addition to its basic function, Nepal Police also performs a wide range of ceremonial functions, including VIP protection, security of important infrastructure, traffic management, secret services, intelligence gathering, riot control, disaster management, hostage rescue, and several other roles.

Bhupendra Thapa Magar

Bhupendra Thapa Magar is a professional boxer from Nepal. He rose to prominence after winning gold at the 2019 South Asian Games in Nepal. He is a member of the Nepal Police Club and represents Nepal Police Club.

Samikshya Adhikari

Samkishya Adhikari (Nepali: समीक्षा अधिकारी, born 2005) is a female Nepalese singer. Adhikari became well-known as a singer with the release of her song "Balapan Ko Umer" in the Nepali film "Nai Nabhannu La 4."

Alessio Figalli

Alessio Figalli (born 2 April 1984) is an Italian mathematician working primarily on calculus of variations and partial differential equations.

Bhuwan Bahadur Sunar

Bhuwan Bahadur Sunar is a politician from Nepal who belongs to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre). He was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is a member of the Rashtriya Sabha as well.


Goma Devi Timilsina

Goma Devi Timilsina is a CPN member and politician from Nepal (Unified Socialist). She was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is a member of the Rashtriya Sabha as well.

Gopal Kumar Basnet

Gopal Kumar Basnet is a politician from Nepal. He is also a Rashtriya Sabha member and was elected to the Nepalese National Assembly in 2022.


Sonam Gyalchhen Sherpa

Sonam Gyalchhen Sherpa is a politician from Nepal. He also serves in the Rashtriya Sabha and was elected to the Nepalese National Assembly in 2022.


Viktor Slesarev

Viktor Yefimovich Slesarev (; 5 August 1949 – 14 July 2022) was a Russian football player and manager. He was known for playing for FC SKA-Khabarovsk between 1970 and 1972. He also managed FC Zvezda Perm from 1984 to 1994.

Slesarev died on 14 July 2022 in Perm, Russia at the age of 72.

The Himalayan Times

The Himalayan Times is a daily broadsheet newspaper distributed and produced in English in Nepal. The editor-in-chief in temporary Rajan Pokhrel. It received the highest possible ranking of A+ in Press Council Nepal's annual newspaper categorization report, which is released.

The publication was established on November 23, 2001. Its headquarters are at Maharajgunj, Kathmandu. International Media Network Nepal (Pvt) Ltd, which is owned by Nepali investors, is the owner of it. Competitors of the daily tried to organize and push against foreign-owned newspapers entering the nation, but they were unsuccessful.

John Elliott (New Zealand politician)

John Gordon Elliott (5 November 1938 – 12 July 2022) was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the National Party. He was a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1975 to 1981. He was born in Whangārei, New Zealand. 

Elliott died on 12 July 2022 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 83.

Balen Shah

Balendra Shah is a Nepalese rapper, musician, structural engineer, and politician better known as Balen Shah or just Balen. He is now the 15th mayor of Kathmandu, Nepal's main city. He also served as a judge on Image Channel's hip-hop reality show Nephopko Shreepech. 

Since the early 2010s, Shah has been a popular personality in Nepalese hip-hop. Shah ran as an independent in the 2022 local elections, beating Nepali Congress candidate Sirjana Singh and CPN (UML) candidate Keshav Sthapit.

International Mathematical Union

The International Mathematical Union (IMU) is an international non-governmental organization for international cooperation in the field of mathematics across the world. It is a member of the International Science Council (ISC) and supports the International Congress of Mathematicians. Its members are national mathematics organizations from more than 80 countries.

Kuleshov effect

The Kuleshov Effect was an experiment in the 1910s by Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov. It is part of Soviet montage theory. It connects to montage, which is an editing technique. The principle was that images next to another image add meaning. Two images next to each other have a deeper meaning than just one image. Editing also created deeper emotions. The principle was also that viewers already had mental images about a picture. Kuleshov and other Soviet theorists believed this was a basis for film. They said the film is a collection of images next to each other.

Kuleshov apparently did experiments in the 1910s. It is not clear if these experiments took place and if the results were real. Kuleshov would show an audience one image. He would show the image again with a second image. Kuleshov changed the second image. Each time there was a different second image, the audience had different emotions. The audience thought that the actor changed his facial expression with different images. Kuleshov said that the two images together changed the emotions. The context of the image was important. The second image created the context.

Kuleshov used images with special emotional connotations. He used images of the Russian actor Ivan Moszhukin. Kuleshov showed an image of Ivan and then an image of a child in a coffin. This created an emotion of sadness. Next, he showed the same image of Ivan next to a bowl of food. This created an emotion of hunger. He also showed Ivan with an image of a woman. This created an emotion of lust. In all cases, both Ivan and the second image are facing the viewers. However, it feels like Ivan is looking at the second image. All the images of Ivan were exactly the same. He has the same facial expression. This was like a control group in an experiment. The images of Ivan were the same, but the emotions changed with the second images.

Psychologists have studied the Kuleshov Effect to test if it is true. Prince and Hensley (1992) did experiments with the Kuleshov Effect. They did not find any effect. Mobbs et al. (2006) used functional neuroimaging (fMRI). They showed different emotional images with neutral images. They found changes in facial expressions and mental state. Barratt, Rédei, Innes-Ker, and van de Weijer (2016) showed films with different emotions (happiness, sadness, hunger, fear, and desire) and got similar results as Mobbs et al. (2006). 

The Kuleshov Effect was first used in Russian films. Directors Sergei Eisenstein, Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dziga Vertov used the effect. Russian films include "The Battleship Potemkin", "", "Mother", "The End of St. Petersburg", and "The Man with a Movie Camera". American and other European directors have also used the effect. It is now a common element in movies. It is important for editing movies. It is also useful to understand the context of an image. An image will often follow another image in time. Images can also be right next to each other at the same time. 

Alfred Hitchcock often used the Kuleshov effect. A notable example is in his film "Rear Window" (1954). The main character Jeff used to be a photographer. He watches the neighbors and what they do. Hitchock always shows the face of Jeff, played by James Stewart. Hitchcock then has the camera show the neighbors. Viewers see Jeff and then see Jeff watch women in their apartments. This creates emotions of lust. Viewers see Jeff looking out and then see the murderer, Doyle, attack his friend, Lisa. This creates suspense and fear. The images of Jeff next to images of the neighbors create specific emotions. It also helps viewers to get into the point of view of Jeff. This is also called point of view shot. The technique also creates suspense. Hitchcock uses the effect in other films like "Vertigo" (1958), "North by Northwest" (1959), "Psycho" (1960) and "The Birds" (1963). Hitchcock was aware of the technique and talked about the technique in interviews.

Steven Spielberg uses the Kuleshov Effect, but often changes it. He does this to show emotions and make scenes more interesting. An example is "the Spielberg Face". These are notable shots. In the shots, the characters look at something in awe, wonder or horror. Their eyes look in amazement. However, Spielberg does not right away move the camera to what they are looking at. The shot stays on the faces of the characters for some time. Emotion comes out of this single facial expression. This single shot often shows an important scene. In this case, Spielberg focuses more on a single image and less on the Kuleshov effect. 

Solarpunk

Solarpunk is a genre aesthetic and political idea that fuses the high-tech elements of cyberpunk with low-tech sustainable ways of living. The term was first used in 2008. Solarpunk media often portrays themes of equality, anti-capitalism, and sustainability. People who call themselves Solarpunks often support anarchist, libertarian socialist, or environmentalist politics. 

Karen Rojo

Karen Paulina Rojo Venegas (born 9 July 1980) is a convicted former Chilean politician. 

From 2012 to 2020, she served as mayor of the Antofagasta commune. On 27 July 2020, she was suspended from her position as mayor as a result of a judicial investigation for tax fraud and incompatible negotiation. On 19 November 2020, she officially resigned from office. On 18 January 2021 she was sentenced to 5 years in prison, a fine, and lifelong disqualification from exercising political rights. She fled to the Netherlands to try to get out of her sentence. in an attempt to apply for asylum there she was arrested in Ter Apel on 13 July 2022.

Louise Labèque

Louise Labèque is a French actress who is best known for the 2019 movie "Zombi Child".

Labèque studied at the French drama school Cours Florent for three years. One day some agents appeared at the school and one of them gave her a card to go through a casting. In 2018, she made her film debut in "The Trouble-Shooter" ("Roulez jeunesse"), the first feature film by director Julien Guetta. That same year, she played the role of Marion Malinski in the comedy-drama film "In Your Hands" ("Au bout des doigts") directed by Ludovic Bernard.

In 2019, she played Fanny, one of the protagonists in the fantasy film "Zombi Child" directed by Bertrand Bonello. For her performance in the film, Labèque was included in the shortlist to compete for the César Award for Most Promising Actress, but did not get the nomination.

In 2021 and 2022, she played the role of Lisa Dayan in the TV series "En thérapie", created by Olivier Nakache & Éric Toledano.

In 2022, Labèque played the lead role in the film Coma directed by Bertrand Bonello, their second collaboration after "Zombi Child".

Her next films are "Annie Colère" directed by Blandine Lenoir, and "Toni, en famille" by director Nathan Ambrosioni.


Iuliana Demetrescu

Iuliana Elena Demetrescu (born 10 January 1990) is a Romanian international football referee. She has been an international football since 2016.

Demetrescu is referee in the Liga I, the top division association football league in Romania.

Demetrescu was appointed to be a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Brinsmade, North Dakota

Brinsmade is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Esmond, North Dakota

Esmond is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Knox, North Dakota

Knox is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Leeds, North Dakota

Leeds is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Maddock, North Dakota

Maddock is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

List of awards and nominations received by Marion Cotillard

This is a list of awards and nominations received by French actress Marion Cotillard.

Bertrand Bonello

Bertrand Bonello (born 11 September 1968) is a French movie director, screenwriter, producer, composer and actor.

His 2001 film "The Pornographer" won the FIPRESCI award at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. "Tiresia" (2003) was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.

His 2011 film "House of Tolerance", a depiction of daily life in a fin-de-siècle Parisian bordello, premiered In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.

His 2014 film "Saint Laurent" competed for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as France's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards.


Sol Líneas Aéreas Flight 5428

Sol Líneas Aéreas Flight 5428 was a passenger flight which crashed near the towns of Los Menucos and Prahuaniyeu, in Río Negro, Argentina. The flight made the last leg of the route that included the Argentine cities of Córdoba, Mendoza, Neuquén and Comodoro Rivadavia, on May 18, 2011. The crash is the deadliest aviation accident involving a Saab 340.

The passengers, 22 occupants (18 adult passengers, 1 child and 3 crew members) died at the scene.

Juan Adalberto Raffo and Adriano Bolatti were the pilot and co-pilot respectively.

Raffo, 45 years old at the time of his death, had 20 years of experience flying planes, first in the Argentine Naval Prefecture, later in Southern Winds until the company closed, and in Sol for 5 years. He lived in the city of Córdoba, near the airport. He was married and the father of four (4) children.

Bolatti lived in Rosario, was divorced and had two young children.

The flight attendant was Jessica Fontán, a 25-year-old from Rosario. She was also the union delegate representing her colleagues in the navigators' union and she had already made several claims for anomalies that she detected in the normal operation of the company.
The accident is featured in the sixth episode of Season 20 of "Air Crash Investigation," also known as "Mayday." The episode is titled "Icy Descent".

Bob Parsons (American football)

Robert Heber Parsons (June 29, 1950 – July 8, 2022) was an American football punter and tight end who played twelve seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Chicago Bears from 1972 to 1983. He later played with the Birmingham Stallions of the United States Football League (USFL). He died on July 8, 2022, nine days after his 72nd birthday.

John Eastman

John Charles Eastman (born April 21, 1960) is an American lawyer and founding director of the Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence, a law firm affiliated with Claremont Institute. He used to be a professor and dean at Chapman University School of Law. In 1990, he ran for California's 34th congressional district as a Republican but didn't succeed. He later ran unsuccessfully for California Attorney General in 2010. He has worked as Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas' law clerk in the past.

Eastman was one of the people who tried to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election. On January 5, 2021, during an Oval Office meeting, Eastman incorrectly told Vice President Mike Pence that he had the constitutional ability to block the certification of Joe Biden's victory. Pence did not end up doing this. Eastman sent a six-point plan to Republican senator Mike Lee, asking for Pence to not accept the electors from seven states to keep Trump as president, which Lee then rejected. 

Eastman gave a speech on January 6, 2021, during the White House Trump rally, before the 2021 United States Capitol attack, and then proceeded to ask Vice President Pence to violate the Electoral Count Act and stop the certification of the results of the election, through Greg Jacob, Pence's legal counsel. Federal judge David O. Carter on March 28, 2022, found Eastman and Trump more likely than not to have "dishonestly conspired to obstruct the joint session of Congress on Jan. 6, 2021".

Eastman graduated from Lewisville High School and got an undergraduate degree from the University of Dallas. He received a Juris Doctor and a Doctor of Philosophy in Government from the University of Chicago Law School and the Claremont Graduate School, respectively. Meanwhile, Eastman worked on the law journal "University of Chicago Law Review".

Tonight (New Kids on the Block song)

"Tonight" is a 1990 song by New Kids on the Block. It was released as the third single from their 1990 album "Step by Step". It went to number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in the United Kingdom and France, number 4 in Belgium, number 7 in the United States, number 8 in Canada and Ireland and number 16 in Australia and New Zealand.

US and Canada 7-inch single



UC Davis pepper spray incident

The UC Davis pepper-spray incident occurred on November 18, 2011, during an Occupy movement demonstration at the University of California, Davis.



Eddie and the Cruisers

Eddie and the Cruisers is a 1983 American musical drama movie directed by Martin Davidson and was based on the novel by P. F. Kluge. It stars Tom Berenger, Michael Paré, Joe Pantoliano, Matthew Laurance, Helen Schneider, Ellen Barkin and was distributed by Embassy Pictures. It was followed up by "" in 1989.


Microsoft Office 2021

Microsoft Office 2021 (Third perpetual release of Office 16) is an version of the Microsoft Office suite applications for the Microsoft Windows and MacOS. It was release on October 5, 2021, along with Windows 11 and replaces of Office 2019.

Office 2021 remains same major of Office 16 as previous version of Office. Microsoft plans that Office 2021 will ended of support on October 13, 2026; unlike older version of Office, there is no extended support period for Office 2021. A successor of Microsoft Office is the new Microsoft Office 2024, will be planned to released on the second half of 2024.

In June 29, 2021, Microsoft announced that ready to released of new Microsoft Office version, but it third perpetual release of Office 16 and replaces of Office 2019. Microsoft Office 2021 has release of worldwide on October 5, 2021, along with Windows 11.


July 2022 Vinnytsia missile strike

On 14 July 2022, Russian forces launched a missile attack on the Ukrainian city of Vinnytsia in central Ukraine. The attack killed at least 24 people, including 3 children, and injuring at least 202 others. The event has been seen as an example of a war crime.

Ivana Martinčić

Ivana Martinčić (born 28 July 1985) is a Croatian international football referee. She has been an international football since 2014. Martinčić is referee in the Prva nogometna liga and also in the Hrvatska nogometna liga, the top division association football league in Croatia.

In September 2021 she became the first female referee of a Croatian football first division league match. Later the year she became the first Croatian female referee of a men’s senior international match.

Martinčić was a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Mario Chella

Mario Chella (16 March 1934 – 13 July 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy from 1983 to 1987. He was born in Udine, Italy.

Chella died on 13 July 2022 in Sestri Levante, Italy at the age of 88.

Sestri Levante

Sestri Levante () is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa, Liguria, Italy.

Rinkhals

The rinkhals (Hemachatus haemachatus) is a species of venomous snake found in parts of southern Africa. It is in the family Elapidae. It is not a true cobra in that it does not belong to the genus Naja, but instead belongs to the monotypic genus Hemachatus. While rinkhals bear a great resemblance to true cobras they also possess some remarkable differences from these, resulting in their placement outside the genus Naja.

Kerry J. Donley

Kerry Joseph Donley (February 1, 1956 – July 13, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was the Mayor of Alexandria, Virginia from 1996 to 2003. He also was the Chair of the Democratic Party of Virginia from 2003 to 2005.

Donley died on July 13, 2022 at his home in Alexandria from a heart attack at the age of 66.

John Froines

John Radford Froines (June 13, 1939July 13, 2022) was an American chemist and anti-war activist. He was known as a member of the Chicago Seven. He was charged with the Chicago Seven for causing the riots at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. He and Lee Weiner were the only two defendants to be acquitted by the jury on both of the counts charged against them and the contempt of court findings

At the time of his arrest, he was a professor at Goddard College in Vermont. He later served as the Director of Toxic Substances at the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration as well. He later worked at the University of California, Los Angeles. He retired in 2011. 

Froines died on July 13, 2022 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 83.

Bobby Aylward

Bobby Aylward (1 April 1955 – 14 July 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency from 2007 to 2011 and 2015 to 2020. He was a member of Kilkenny County Council from 1992 until his election to the Dáil in 2007. Aylward was born in Kilkenny, Ireland.

Aylward died on 14 July 2022 in Kilkenny at the age of 67.

Pratap Pothen

Pratap K. Pothen (13 August 1952 – 15 July 2022) was an Indian actor, movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Kerala, India. His career began in 1978. He was known for directing the movie "Rithubhedam" and for starring in "Thakara" and "Chamaram".

Pothen died on 15 July 2022 at his apartment in Chennai, India one month before his 70th birthday.

Emikar Calderas

Emikar Virginia Calderas Barrera (born 3 January 1990) is a Venezuelan international football referee. She has been an international football since 2016. Calderas is referee in the Primera División.

Calderas played football as a child. She eventually followed a refereeing course. She is a referee since 2010. She started as a referee at the level of grassroots teams. She moved up to the third division, to the Segunda B, to the Segunda, and finally to the first division (Primera División) in 2016. Calderas was a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England. She was the only referee at these championships from outside Europe.

Jürgen Heinsch

Hans-Jürgen Heinsch (4 July 1940 – 14 July 2022) was a German footballer. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal for playing with the East Germany national football team. He also managed F.C. Hansa Rostock. He was born in Lübeck, Germany.

Heinsch died on 14 July 2022 at the age of 82.

Zambia women's national under-17 football team

The Zambia women's national under-17 football team is a national association football youth team of Zambia and is controlled by the Football Association of Zambia. They have qualified for the 2014 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Costa Rica where they finished 11th.

Aleksandr Kozlov (footballer)

Aleksandr Sergeyevich Kozlov (; 19 March 1993 – 15 July 2022) was a Russian professional football player. He began playing for the Russian Premier League in 2010 for FC Spartak Moscow. Kozlov was born in Moscow, Russia. He was playing for FC Aluston-YUBK Alushta at the time of his death. He was also known for playing with FC Okzhetpes in 2017.

Kozlov died in Moscow on 15 July 2022 from a blood clot at the age of 29.

Osteocephalus oophagus

The oophagus slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus oophagus") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil. Scientists think it might also live in French Guiana, Colombia, and Venezuela.

The adult male frog is 39-53 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 49-57 mm. The skin on the back is brown with spots. There may be white spots on the back and sides. The belly is light in color. The legs are dark with stripes across. The iris of the eye is gold in color with black marks. 

These frogs live in trees and move around at night. They live in forests. The males sit on plants or other things .5 to 4 m off the ground when they sing. The female frog lays about 33 eggs at a time. She lays them in small bodies of water. For example, she may lay them in water in the leaves of a palm tree, hole in a tree, or leaves of a small plant that grows on a tree. The adult female frog comes back to the water and lays more eggs. The tadpoles eat the eggs.

Darren Bailey

Darren Bailey (born March 17, 1966) is an American politician. He is a Republican member of the Illinois Senate for the 55th district since 2021. Before, he was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives. He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Illinois in the 2022 election.

Bailey is a conservative.

French Riviera

The French Riviera (known in French as the ; ) is the Mediterranean coastline of the southeast corner of France. There is no official boundary, but it is usually seen as a part of Toulon, Le Lavandou or Saint-Tropez in the west to Menton at the France–Italy border in the east. The coast is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France.

Sainte-Maxime

Sainte-Maxime (; Occitan and Provençal: "Santa Maxima") is a commune in the Var department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in Southeastern France. It is on the French Riviera ("Côte d'Azur") and west from Nice and east from Marseille. It had a population of 13,968 in 2017.

Saint Laurent (movie)

Saint Laurent is a 2014 French biographical drama movie co-written and directed by Bertrand Bonello, and starring Gaspard Ulliel as Yves Saint Laurent, Jérémie Renier as Pierre Bergé, and Louis Garrel as Jacques de Bascher. The supporting cast includes Léa Seydoux, Amira Casar, Aymeline Valade, and Helmut Berger playing an older Yves Saint Laurent. The movie is about Saint Laurent's life from 1967 to 1976, when the famous fashion designer was at the peak of his career. The film competed for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and was released on 24 September 2014.

The movie was selected by France to represent the country for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated. In January 2015, "Saint Laurent" received ten César Award nominations, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Supporting Actor. It also received five nominations at the 20th Lumières Awards, winning Best Actor for Gaspard Ulliel.


"Saint Laurent" started filming on 30 September 2013.

The film was originally scheduled to be released on 14 May 2014. In January 2014 the studio announced the release was changed to 1 October 2014. The release date was later changed again to 24 September 2014.

In May 2014, Sony Pictures Classics bought the North American distribution rights at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, where the film premiered in competition. The film was also screened at the 52nd New York Film Festival in September 2014.

In May 2015, the film opened in four theaters in New York and Los Angeles to a $36,136 opening weekend.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 60% based on 86 reviews, and an average rating of 5.78/10. The website's consensus says, "A well-intentioned but frustratingly diffuse biopic, "Saint Laurent" proves an ironically poor fit for a look at the life of a fashion icon." On Metacritic, the film has a score 52 out of 100, based on 29 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Susan Wloszczyna of "RogerEbert.com" gave the film 2.5 out of 4 stars, writing, "If you come away remembering anything from this 150-minute movie as it overstays its welcome, it will be individual scenes rather than the overall effect, for that is where Bonello shines." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" described it as "a compulsively detailed swirl of moods and impressions, intent on capturing the contradictions of the man and his times."


Little blue heron

The Little blue heron ("Egretta caerulea") is a bird in the Ardeidae family.

David Bowie Narrates Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf

David Bowie Narrates Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf is the debut studio album by Philadelphia Orchestra. The album was released on May 2, 1978.

Lungworm

The lungworm is a type of parasite. It lives inside other animals' bodies. Lungworms are roundworms in the order Strongylida. They have round bodies. When people say the word "lungworm," they may mean any of a few worms: "Eucoleus aerophilus", "Oslerus osleri", "Crenostoma vulpis", "Eucoleus boehmi", or "Filaroides hirthi". Some people also use it for "Angiostrongylus vasorum", but that worm is really a heartworm.

Lungworms can live in foxes, dogs, cats, sheep, and other animals. Some lungworms live in the animal's nose. Some live in its throat. Some live in its lungs.

In sheep, lungworm is not as dangerous as other worms.

Some lungworms can send their eggs from one host to another. Other lungworms need another host in between to grow.

Snails and slugs eat lungworm eggs. The eggs grow into larvae inside the snail or slug. When a fox or dog eats the snail or slug (or another animal that just ate the snail or slug), it catches lungworms. The lungworms lay eggs in the host's lungs, then it coughs them up to its throat and swallows them. The eggs leave the host in its feces. Then the snails or slugs come to eat the feces and take in the eggs too. In some lungworms, the eggs go to new hosts when an old host coughs on them.

Lungworms in sheep are part of the story of the 20th century book "Independent People" ("Sjálfstætt fólk") by Icelandic author Halldór Laxness.

Pleun Strik

Pleun Strik (27 May 1944 – 14 July 2022) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played a defender. Strik was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He played for the Netherlands national football team eight times between 1969 to 1974.

Strik died on 14 July 2022 at the age of 78.

The Delfonics

The Delfonics was an American R&B/soul music group from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The Delfonics were most popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Their best known songs are "La-La (Means I Love You)", "Didn't I (Blow Your Mind This Time)", "Break Your Promise", "I'm Sorry", and "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)". 

Their songs have been used in movie soundtracks, including Quentin Tarantino's 1997 movie "Jackie Brown". Their songs "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)" and "Funny Feeling" were used in the video game "Grand Theft Auto V".

Elizabeth Holtzman

Elizabeth Holtzman (born August 11, 1941) is an American lawyer and politician. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York's 16th congressional district as a member of the Democratic Party from 1973 to 1981. She also was District Attorney of Kings County from 1982 to 1989, and as the 40th Comptroller of New York City from 1990 to 1993.

Holtzman was seen as a possible candidate to replace Andrew Cuomo as Attorney General of New York in the 2010 election and in the special election to replace Anthony Weiner as the representative from New York's 9th congressional district. 

In June 2022, she announced she would run for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Representative for New York's 10th congressional district in the 2022 election. She lost the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries.

Carlina Rivera

Carlina Rivera (born January 3, 1984) is an American politician. She represents 2nd district of the New York City Council since 2018. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Rivera was a member of the Democratic Socialists of America and supported Bernie Sanders in his 2016 presidential campaign.

In June 2022, she announced she would run for the United States House of Representatives for New York's 10th congressional district in the 2022 election. She lost the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries.

Zombi Child

Zombi Child is a 2019 French drama movie written and directed by Bertrand Bonello, based on the story of a supposed zombified man in Haiti, Clairvius Narcisse. The movie premiered in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival.

In 1962, a Haitian man is buried alive by white colonists, only to be brought back as an undead zombi slave. 55 years later, Fanny, a teenage girl starts a friendship with Mélissa, who moved from Haiti to France after the 2010 Haiti earthquake. After discovering that Mélissa's family is associated with voodoo culture, Fanny convinces Mélissa's aunt Katy (a mambo) to make a ritual to cure Fanny's heartbreak over a recent breakup. The ritual goes wrong and Fanny is possessed by Baron Samedi himself.


Nocturama

Nocturama is a 2016 thriller movie written and directed by Bertrand Bonello. It was released in France on 31 August 2016, and in the United States by Grasshopper Film on 11 August 2017. The movie is about a group of young, multiracial radicals committing a series of terrorist attacks in Paris.


On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 82% based on 49 reviews, and an average rating of 7.9/10. The website's critical consensus says, ""Nocturama" uses an unorthodox perspective and repellent protagonists to offer sobering statements about modern society -- and deliver uniquely suspenseful entertainment." 

On Metacritic, the film has a score 71 out of 100, based on 15 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Lierna view of Bellagio (Mazzolani)

Lierna view of Bellagio (also known as Lierna vista su Bellagio) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Bruto Mazzolani. It was painted in 1925, in Via Roma Lierna, Italy on Lake Como.

The painting by Bruto Mazzolani, represents a view of Lake Como from the shore of Lierna overlooking the promontory of Bellagio, while women wash their clothes in the waters on the shore of Lake Como.


Garrison

A garrison is a unit of troops or its headquarters.

Garrison can also mean:


Cannae

Cannae (now Canne della Battaglia, [kanne della battaʎʎa]) is an ancient village of the Apulia region of south eastern Italy. It is a "frazione" (civil parish) of the "comune" (municipality) of Barletta, a former bishopric that is now a Latin Catholic titular see. The famous Battle of Cannae had troops of Carthage win despite being outnumbered by troops of the Roman Republic.

Cenotaph

A Cenotaph is an empty tomb or a monument built in honor of a person or group of people whose remains are elsewhere. It can also be the first tomb for a person who has since been reburied elsewhere. Although most cenotaphs honor individuals, many noted cenotaphs honor groups of individuals, such as the lost soldiers of a country or of an empire.

Ostercappeln

Ostercappeln is a municipality in the district of Osnabrück, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is in the Wiehengebirge, around 15 km northeast of Osnabrück. The municipality has three villages, Ostercappeln, Venne and Schwagstorf, along the Bundesstraße 218. St. Raphael hospital is in Ostercappeln, which serves a general hospital for the surrounding municipalities and as a center for pulmonary diseases for the district.

Keshav Sthapit

Keshav Sthapit (b. 1956) is a Nepali politician. He is a former mayor of the Kathmandu metropolitan area. He was a former member of the provincial Assembly and a minister in Bagmati Pradesh. In 1997, Keshav Sthapit won the election for mayor of Kathmandu. He was chosen by the King to serve as Mayor of Kathmandu after the royal takeover in 2005. He joined the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) once democracy was restored and was appointed as a Commissioner of the Kathmandu Valley Development Authority, but he was fired from his position after just nine months.

Oberon, North Dakota

Oberon is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 101 at the 2020 census.

Warwick, North Dakota

Warwick is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

York, North Dakota

York is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 17 at the 2020 census.

Antler, North Dakota

Antler is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 22 at the 2020 census. Antler was founded in 1905.

Gardena, North Dakota

Gardena is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 24 at the 2020 census. Gardena was founded in 1905.

Ahalya

Ahalya, often spelled Ahilya, is the name of the sage Gautama Maharishi's wife in Hinduism. According to several Hindu texts, she was seduced by Indra (the ruler of the gods), her husband cursed her for being unfaithful, and Rama freed her from the curse (7th avatar of the god Vishnu).

Ahalya was the most beautiful lady ever created by the deity Brahma, and she was wed to the much older Gautama. Ahalya recognizes Indra's disguise when he appears as her husband in the oldest complete story, but she nevertheless consents to his advances. She is frequently exonerated of all blame in later texts, which explains how she is duped by Indra. In every story, Gautama curses Ahalya and Indra.


Kramer, North Dakota

Kramer is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 24 at the 2020 census. Kramer was founded in 1905.

KMXV

KMXV (93.3 FM "Mix 93.3") is a Top 40 (CHR) station based in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. The Steel City Media outlet operates with an ERP of 100 kW. Its current slogan is "Kansas City's #1 Hit Music Station". It is also one of two Top 40s competing in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, the other being KCHZ. The station's studios are located at Westport Center in Midtown Kansas City, and the transmitter site is in the city's East Side.

Lina Lehtovaara

Lina Lehtovaara (born 23 June 1981) is a Finnnish international football referee. She has been an international football since 2009. Lehtovaara is in 2022 referee in the Suomen Cup.

Lehtovaara was a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Point of view shot

A point of view shot (also known as POV shot, first-person shot or a subjective camera) is a type of shot in a movie. It shows what a person is looking at. The angle of the camera is from the view of the character. The shot is subjective, because it shows the point of view of a character. It is what the character is experiencing. These shots can show emotion. The shot is often combined with an image of the character.

Franceska Di Monte

Franceska Di Monte is an Italian international football match official. She has been an international football assistant referee since 2016.

Di Monte is an assistant referee in Serie A. She was an assistant referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Schubert Gambetta

Schúbert Gambetta Saint Léon (14 April 1920 – 9 August 1991) was a Uruguayan footballer. He played as a half-back and was right-footed. Gambetta was a figure in the Maracanazo when he marked Zizinho and Ademir during the game, which helped him to the 1950 FIFA World Cup All-Star Team. Regarded to be one of the best flank defenders in the history of Uruguayan and world football. Gambetta was renowned as a strong and a quick defender, who stood out for his leadership on the pitch, man-marking opponents, acceleration, beating opponents with his dribbling, long range passing and his great tackling. On the other hand, he was also considered versatile, capable of playing in ten line positions, both on the left and right flanks. Former player, former coach and current commentator Juan Faccio defined that "Gambetta, if he played now, would be the courage and prodigiousness of Ruso Pérez, the strength and courage of Diego Lugano, the ball strike of Diego Forlán, the dominance of Nicolás Lodeiro, Luis Suárez's header, Diego Godín's speed", practicing well the fundamentals of running, passing, dominating, anticipation and heading, being a defender who knew how to reach the goal in conservative times for the advance of the defense: considered ahead of his season, he was widely considered as one of the greatest football players in the 1940s and 1950s.

Schubert Gambetta, also spelled Shubert Gambetta and nicknamed "Mono Gambetta", was a descendant of Santino Gambetta, who emigrated from Liguria to Uruguay in the early 20th century. He started playing football at the Independiente club, located in the Montevidean neighborhood around Avenidas Rivera and Osorio. On November 30, 1937 he was first committed to Club Atlético Peñarol. After a tough legal battle, he finally switched to competitor Nacional Montevideo.

Gambetta made his debut there in 1940 in the first team and played first until 1948 and after a move to Colombia again from 1950 to 1956 for the club. During his time at Nacional he was able to win the Uruguayan national champion title and in 1940 and 1946 the Copa Aldao a total of ten times (1940, 1941, 1942, 1943, 1946, 1947, 1950, 1952, 1955 and 1956). He has been recognised as one of the ever finest players, for his great goalscoring ability, beating attacking players and his great passing. As further career stations of "Mono" Gambetta the Montevidean clubs Sud América and Club Atlético Progreso and Millonarios and Cúcuta Deportivo (1949) reported from Colombia. In 1960 he ended his career in ranks of the second division relegated CA Mar de Fondo, one of the smaller clubs in Montevideo.

In 1941 he made his debut in official matches as part of the national team of Uruguay. In the same year, he went with the national team to his first major tournament — the South American Championship in Chile, where the Uruguayans won silver. Subsequently, he participated in three more continental championships - in 1942 in Uruguay, in 1945 in Chile and in 1947 in Ecuador. At the domestic tournament held in 1942, he won the title of South American champion as part of the national team. The crown of Gambetta's career in the national team was the World Championship of 1950, held in Brazil. At the World Cup, the experienced defender first appeared on the field in the second game of the final tournament against Sweden, the victory in which left the Uruguayans in the fight for the championship title. He then played the whole of the decisive game against the home team, in which the Uruguayans, thanks to his solid defensive performance, won a sensational 2-1 victory to become the 1950 World Champions and he was chosen to be in the All-Star Team. After the triumphant World Cup, Gambetta played only one game for the national team in 1952 and ended his career there, having played 37 matches and scored 3 goals over eleven years.




Date and time notation in India

India have 1 standard time called "ISD" Indian Standard Time,However Time Varies From East To West for approx 2 hours.which means if Sun rises at 5:30 in Arunachal Pradesh, Gujrat will Experience it on 7:30 Due to It's Standard Time.

No Promises (Icehouse song)

"No Promises" is a 1985 song by Australian new wave band Icehouse. It is the first song for their fourth studio album "Measure for Measure". It peaked at number 29 in New Zealand and number 30 in Australia.







Luigi Lombardi

Luigi Lombardi (18 September 1853 – June 23, 1940) was an Italian painter from Lombardy. He was much influenced by Francesco Filippini.






Steve Borst

Steven James Borst (born September 7, 1977) is an American television writer and producer who has won two-time Emmy-nominations. 

He's most known for co-creating Nickelodeon's Breadwinners with Gary "Doodles" DiRaffaele. He's also known for his work as a writer on Cartoon Network's Teen Titans Go!. His inspiration for the field of animation was CatDog from the network that produced Hey Dude and Double Dare that he grew up watching.

Rosalie Lamorlière

Rosalie Lamorlière (19 March 1768 – 2 February 1848) was the last servant of Marie Antoinette.
Rosalie Lamorlière was born on 19 March 1768, in France. Her father was a shoemaker, and her mother had died when she was 12.

In 1792, Rosalie was given the job of a maid at the Conciergerie, which was, at the time, a jail. When Marie Antoinette was imprisoned there, Rosalie began to take care of her until Marie Antoinette’s death on 16 October 1793. Rosalie would work at the jail until 1799.

Some time during the 1830s, Lafont d'Aussonne interviewed Rosalie. She would tell him about the imprisonment and last days of Marie Antoinette.

On 2 February 1848, at the age of 79, Rosalie died, and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris, France.

Before her death, Rosalie gave birth to a daughter named Marie Rosalie de Lamorlière. She would be born in 1801 and would die in 1895.

When You Love a Woman

"When You Love a Woman" is a 1996 song by Journey and is the third track from their 10th album "Trial by Fire". It received a Grammy nomination in 1997.

The Whole of the Moon (movie)

The Whole of the Moon is a 1997 New Zealand Canadian drama movie directed by Ian Mune and was based on the novel of the same name by Duncan Fletcher. It stars Toby Fisher, Nikki Si'ulepa, Paul Gittins, Pascale Bussières.

2023 MotoGP World Championship

The 2023 FIM MotoGP World Championship is the premier class of the 75th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.Francesco Bagnaia successfully defended his Riders' Championship at the final race in Valencia, marking the first repeat Riders' Champion for Ducati since the manufacturer entered the series. Winning 17 of 20 Grands Prix and 16 of 19 sprints, Ducati secured their fifth (and fourth consecutive) Constructors' Championship. Ducati satellite team Pramac Racing won the Teams' Championship. 

The season was notable for having eight different Grand Prix winners and no back-to-back Grand Prix winners for the first time since the inaugural season in 1949. Manufacturer Yamaha failed to win a single Grand Prix for the first season since 2003.

All teams use series-specified Michelin tyres.





The following Grands Prix are provisionally scheduled to take place in 2023:


The following Grands Prix contracted in 2023:

USAir Flight 1016

USAir Flight 1016 was a US domestic flight between Columbia, South Carolina and Charlotte, North Carolina. On July 2, 1994, the DC-9 operating the flight encountered a severe thunderstorm and microbursts, which induced wind shear while attempting to land, causing the plane to crash into trees and a private residence near the airport. The accident and subsequent fire killed 37 people and injured 16 others.

The NTSB immediately dispatched an investigation team, which recovered the CVR and FDR from the plane's wreckage. After a lengthy investigation, the NTSB concluded that a microburst generated by the thunderstorm over the airport at the time of the crash was the probable cause of the accident. The NTSB listed these contributing factors:


KBFB

KBFB (97.9 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station with an Urban Contemporary radio format, known as "97.9 The Beat." It is licensed to Dallas and serves the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. KBFB is owned by Urban One. The studios and offices, along with sister station KZMJ, are in the Galleria Area in North Dallas.

KBFB has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts. The transmitter is off Plateau Street in Cedar Hill, amid the towers for other Dallas-area FM and TV stations. KBFB broadcasts using HD Radio technology. The HD2 digital subchannel simulcasts the Urban AC format of co-owned KZMJ.

Infobae

Infobae is an Argentine digital news and economy newspaper, created in 2002 by the journalist and businessman Daniel Hadad.

Infobae is the fourth most visited news site in Mexico.

The media varies the use of the terms "dictator" and "president" to the elected president Nicolás Maduro, while it is customary to call interim president Guaidó "president" in the midst of the presidential crisis in Venezuela.

Infobae's website is inaccessible in Venezuela by order of the National Telecommunications Commission of Venezuela since October 10, 2014, for violating Venezuelan law by showing images of the corpse of deputy Robert Serra.

Giovanni Battista Pergolesi

Giovanni Battista Pergolesi (January 4, 1710 March 16, 1736) was an Italian baroque composer, violinist, and organist. His career only lasted six years before he died. He composed operas, religious music and some instrumental music. His most famous works are his Stabat Mater and "La serva padrona".

Pergolesi was born in Jesi. His family name was "Draghi". His grandfather was from Pergola. So, he was called "Pergolesi" (somebody from Pergola). He studied music in Jesi with Francesco Santi, the "maestro di capella" of the town. He went to study in Naples sometime between 1720 and 1725. He studied with Gaetano Greco, Leonardo Vinci, and Francesco Durante. He played the violin and sang in the music school.

Pergolesi left the music school in 1731. He started his career. He started writing operas. His first opera, "Salustia", was not successful. He wrote "Il prigioniero superbo" in 1733. The opera celebrates Empress Elisabeth Christine's birthday. The intermezzo of this opera was another opera, "La serva padrona". The intermezzo became popular after Pergolesi's death.

He became the "maestro di capella" to Prince Ferdinando Colonna of Stigliano in 1732. In that year, the Kingdom of Spain invaded Naples. Charles III, king of Spain, became the new King of Naples. So, Prince Ferdinando ran away to Rome. Pergolesi performed one of his masses in Rome. He became the "maestro di capella" to the Duke of Maddaloni in 1734.

Pergolesi started to become sick in 1735. In 1736 he went to stay in a Franciscan monastery in Pozzuoli. He died there in March 16, 1736. He died because of tuberculosis. One of his last works was the Stabat Mater. It was written to replace Alessandro Scarlatti's setting of the Stabat Mater.

Pergolesi's operas were popular after his death. His music made people France argue about Italian and French music. This was known as the "quarrel of the buffoons" (). "La serva padrona" and his Stabat Mater was praised by many people.

Sierra Leone national under-17 football team

The Sierra Leone national under-17 football team is team of football players under 17 from Sierra Leone. The team is controlled by Sierra Leone Football Association and played in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Finland.

Zambia women's national football team

The Zambia women's national football team plays football for Zambia. They are called the Copper Queens and are ranked 81st in the world. Zambia also has a team for the Homeless World Cup. The country takes part in tournaments to qualify for the FIFA Women's World Cup and other African football tournaments. Zambia is the first African country without a coast to qualify for a senior World Cup for men or women. They will make their first appearance in the FIFA Women's World Cup.

The Zambia women's national football team is known as the Copper Queens. Back in 1985, there were very few women's national football teams in Africa. The Football Association of Zambia officially organized women's football in 1983. Since then, Zambia has formed a senior national team and an under-20 team for women. The national federation continues to support women's football by allocating funds for the women's and youth games. In 2009, there were 100 teams for women aged 16 and above, and 112 teams for young women under 16. The country has established a national women's league, as well as regional and school competitions.

Women's football in Africa as a whole faces challenges, such as limited access to education, poverty among women, and deep-rooted inequality leading to occasional human rights abuses against women. When talented football players emerge in Africa, they often leave their home country to seek better opportunities elsewhere, which affects the local game negatively. Funding is also an issue for women's football in Africa, with most of the financial support coming from FIFA rather than the local national football associations.

The Zambia women's national football team has received sponsorship for their kits. In 2003, Umbro, the sportswear brand, sponsored the national team as part of a sponsorship deal with the Zambia national football team. The official kit colours for the team consist of green shorts, a green jersey, and green socks. The team has been featured in media outlets such as the Zambia Daily Mail, Times of Zambia, and the Post Newspapers. These publications have included pictures of players and conducted interviews with them.

Zambia's national team took part in the Homeless World Cup in 2008. They played against several countries and won all their games, becoming the champions. The tournament took place in Melbourne, Australia. They had victories against Paraguay with a score of 6-1, Uganda 6-1, Kyrgyzstan 5-4, Liberia 4-1, Cameroon 17-0, Australia 18-1, and Colombia 10-1. In the semifinals, they won against Kyrgyzstan with a score of 10-0. In the final, they defeated Liberia with a score of 7-1. The team was led by the Twins Coach and Manager James Chibuye and John Chibuye. The tournament was played with five players on each side, and the team consisted of eight players: Christine Kabemba, Grace Mwango, Melinda Namafe, Carol Kanyemba, Ednasha Mambwe, Jessica Chabota, Ireen Chanda, and Sarah Daka.

In the 2012 Summer Olympics, there were no age restrictions for players. However, Zambia chose to qualify with a team of players under the age of 20 or 23. They participated in the qualifying tournament with the goal of representing the country at the Olympics. The qualification tournament started in 2010 and the team was coached by Enala Phiri-Simbeye. During their campaign, they had a 4-1 victory against the Botswana women's national football team in Gaborone and won again with a score of 2-1 in Lusaka. The team's impressive performance earned praise from women's groups in Zambia. In January 2011, Zambia faced South Africa in the qualifying tournament. The squad selected to play against South Africa included goalkeepers Mirriam Katamanda and Ennie Matukuta, defenders Meya Banda, Verocia Chiluba, Jessica Chabota, Mulai Wilombe, Deborah Chisenga, and Veronica Chisala, midfielders Misozi Zulu, Susan Banda, Etas Banda, Fostina Sakala, Kabange Mupopo, Rachel Chisha, and Chisala Musonda, and strikers Mwila Bowa, Noria Sosala, Gift Lisaka, and Ednasha Mambwe. Chiluba, the second daughter of Zambia's president, was also part of the team.

Under the guidance of Enala Simbeya, Zambia's U23 team took part in the qualifiers for the 2011 All-Africa Games. They played two matches against Zimbabwe. In the first game held at Rufaro Stadium in Harare on Sunday, 13 February 2011, Zimbabwe won 1-0 against Zambia, despite a goalless first half. In the return leg on Sunday, 27 February 2011, played at Nkoloma Stadium in Lusaka, Zambia lost 1-3 to Zimbabwe, with Zambia scoring a goal in the second half after being down 0-3 in the first half. Simbeya named her team of 18 players just a day before the game. Unfortunately, the loss resulted in Zambia's elimination, while Zimbabwe advanced to play against Angola.

Universal TV

Universal TV (known as Universal) is an international pay television network. Its programming consists of series, films from Universal Studios and programs based on action, crime, investigation, mystery, and drama, as well as comedy series.


Never Ever (All Saints song)

"Never Ever" is a song by the music band All Saints. It was released by London Records on 10 November 1997. It was the second single from their first album, which was called "All Saints" and was produced by Cameron McVey and Magnus Fiennes. It was a massive success and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Australia and New Zealand. It also went to number 4 in the Netherlands, France, Switzerland, Iceland and the United States, number 3 in Sweden, number 6 in Norway, number 2 in Ireland, number 7 in Canada and Austria, number 9 in Taiwan and Italy, number 3 in Denmark.







Zambia national under-20 football team

The Zambia National U-20 Football is a national association football team from Zambia. They have qualified for the FIFA U-20 World Cup three (3) times.

Strange World (movie)

Strange World is a 2022 computer-animated science fiction action-adventure movie directed by Don Hall. Strange World released in theaters on November 23, 2022.

Osteocephalus yasuni

The Osteocephalus yasuni is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador between the Rio Napo and the Rio Yasuni. It also lives in Peru and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 180 and 250 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 44–55.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 42.6–61.9 mm. The skin on the adult frog's back is the color of coffee with darker marks. The skin on the tops of the feet is also the color of coffee with darker stripes. The belly of the aduly male frog can be bright yellow or cream yellow. The belly of the adult female frog is the color of cream. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with black marks. It is possible to see the bones of the feet through the skin: the bones are white in color.

Young frogs have bright yellow color in between their toes and on their bellies and necks. Their bones are green in color.

This frog eats crickets and caterpillars.

Scientists named this frog after the Yasuni National Park, where they found the first sample.

Athanasios Dimitrakopoulos

Athanasios Dimitrakopoulos (; 14 May 1936 – 8 July 2022) was a Greek lawyer and politician. He was in the Hellenic Parliament from 1981 until 1996. He was a member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. Dimitrakopoulos was born in Platanos, Greece.

Dimitrakopoulos died on 8 July 2022 in Athens, Greece at the age of 86.

Luiz of Orléans-Braganza

Luíz Gastão (June 6, 1938 – July 15, 2022) was Head of the Imperial House of Brazil from 1981 to 2022 when he died, he took over when his father Pedro Henrique de Orléans e Bragança died in 1981, he was the great-great-grandson of Pedro II of Brazil and great-grandson of Princess Isabel of Brazil.

With the end of the Second World War in Europe, in May 1945, the Brazilian Imperial Family was finally able to return to their homeland, thus ending the unfair and painful exile imposed on the occasion of the republican coup of November 15, 1889.

They lived in Rio de Janeiro and Petrópolis until, in 1951, they moved to the north of Paraná , then the great agricultural frontier of Brazil, where they lived at Fazenda São José, in Jacarezinho, and, from 1957, at Fazenda Santa Maria, in Jundiaí do Sul.

He held the titles of Prince of Orleans-Bragança from 1938 to 1981, Prince Imperial of Brazil from 1938 to 1981 and was head of the Imperial House of Brazil from July 5, 1981 until his death.

Luiz died on 15 July 2022 at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil from stroke-related problems, aged 84.

On July 16, 2022, his wake took place, which lasted until July 18, 2022. He was buried on July 18, 2022 at Consolação Cemetery in São Paulo He held the titles of Prince of Orleans-Braganza from 1938 to 1981, Imperial Prince of Brazil from 1938-1981 and was the head of the Imperial House of Brazil, from July 5, 1981 until his death

Georgi Yartsev

Georgi Aleksandrovich Yartsev (; 11 April 1948 – 15 July 2022) was a Russian footballer and manager. He was the head coach of the Russia national team between 2003 and 2005. He played for the Soviet Union national football team from 1978 to 1979. From 1977 to 1980, he played for FC Spartak Moscow. Yartsev was born in Kostromskoy District, then-Soviet Union.

Yartsev died on 15 July 2022 in Moscow, Russia from a heart attack, aged 74.

Amybeth McNulty

Amybeth McNulty (born 7 November 2001) is an Irish-Canadian actress. She is known for her role as Anne Shirley in the CBC/Netflix drama series "Anne with an E" (2017–2019). She also plays Vickie in "Stranger Things".

In June 2020, she came out as bisexual.

Bryostatin

Bryostatins were first collected by JL Hartwell’s anticancer drug discovery group at the National Cancer Institute (NCI) by Jack Rudloe.


Asian giant hornet

The Asian giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia) including the color form called the Japanese giant hornet, and its name commonly said in Mainstream media in the United States, the Murder hornet, is a hornet originally found in Asia. It is the largest hornet, and so is the largest social wasp. It is very dangerous and hard to get rid of because it is a very invasive species. It was reportedly found in the western United States for sometime, but now it is gone from there.

"V. mandarinia" is in the genus "Vespa", which has every true hornet, including the Asian hornet and European hornet. There were originally subspecies, but it has been replaced by color forms, there are 3 color forms known and are commonly classified as non-offcial subspecies, which is "japonica", "magnifica", and "nobilis".

Bertrand of Orléans-Braganza

Bertrand, Head of the Imperial House of Brazil (born 2 February 1941, Mandelieu, France) is the head of the Vassouras branch of the House of Orléans-Braganza and claimant to the Brazilian throne as Bertrand I. The Vassouras branch claims legitimacy over the throne in opposition to the Petrópolis branch of the Orléans-Braganzas, headed by Pedro Carlos, Prince of Brazil. Though both Prince Bertrand and Prince Pedro Carlos are great-great-grandchildren of Emperor Pedro II of Brazil, of the House of Braganza, they disputed leadership over Brazilian Imperial Family due to a dynastic dispute concerning their fathers, who were cousins.

Prince Bertrand was born in Mandelieu, Vichy France, the second son of Pedro Henrique, Prince of Brazil, and Princess Maria Elisabeth of Bavaria. He was the third and last son of the couple to be born abroad, and came to Brazil when he was four years old. In Brazil, he graduated in law by the University of São Paulo and became a pupil of Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira and a devout member of the TFP and later of the IPCO. Prince Bertrand is an avid traditionalist conservative, anti-communist and avowedly advocate of right-wing Christian policies. Chaste, the Prince succeeded his brother as Head of the Imperial House of Brazil and it is the main activist and spokesman for the restoration of the monarchy, having gained prominence in the national media and, on some occasions, international media. He is frequently invited by public and private institutions, including the Federal Government, to participate in official events, in addition to participating in monarchical events and meetings and traveling the country in campaigns to promote the monarchy.

A member of the House of Orléans-Braganza, Prince Bertrand is closely related to the Royal House of Portugal and the Royal House of France (Orleanist claimants), both by his father's lineage, and to the Royal House of Bavaria, by his mother's lineage. He is a great-gradson of both Empress Isabel of Brazil and King Ludwig III of Bavaria.

Prince Bertrand was born in Mandelieu, Vichy France, after his mother's family had been forced to leave Bavaria escaping Nazi persecution. He is the third son of Pedro Henrique, Prince of Brazil and Princess Maria Elisabeth of Bavaria, and the last of the couple's twelve children to be born abroad. His godparents were his great-uncle Prince Gennaro of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his aunt Princess Pia Maria, Countess of Nicolaÿ. His elder brothers are, in order, Luiz, Prince of Brazil, who is the present Head of the Brazilian Imperial Family according to the Vassouras branch claim and Prince Eudes of Brazil, who renounced his dynastic rights to the Brazilian Throne. By his father's side he is a great-grandson of Empress Isabel of Brazil while by his mother's side he is a great-grandson of King Ludwig III of Bavaria.

Even though the exile imposed to the Imperial Family had already been revoked, in 1920, Bertrand's father had remained in Europe to complete his studies and find a proper wife. It was only after the Second World War that Prince Pedro Henrique, Princess Maria Elisabeth and their children were able to come to Brazil. Prince Bertrand was four years old by then.

In Brazil, where the Petrópolis branch of the Imperial Family had already been living since the 1920s, the Vassouras branch settled first in the Grão-Pará Palace in the state of Rio de Janeiro, where Bertrand carried out part of his secondary studies in the jesuit St. Ignatius College. Later his family moved to Paraná, where his father bought a farm in the town pf Jacarezinho and Prince Bertrand spent his childhood. When he was 18 years old, he went to São Paulo, where he achieved a bachelor's degree in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of São Paulo in 1964, eventually remaining in the city where he still lives.

From a very young age he received Catholic formation, being guided by his father to the taste for the doctrinal study and the analysis of the national and international events. He participated with enthusiasm in the academic banks of the ideological struggles that marked Brazil in the first half of the sixties. His formation was completed with frequent trips to Europe, one of which took place during the entire First Session of the Second Vatican Council, when the young prince took close contact with the Catholic intelligentsia to Rome for the great event. Trained in civil piloting, Prince Bertrand became a reservist of the Brazilian Air Force.

He is a Traditionalist Catholic and a member of Tradition, Family and Property, of traditionalist Catholic inspiration, founded and directed by the intellectual conservative leader Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira, of whom he was a pupil, until his death. There it diffuses from the catholic and monarchical ideals, seen by him as "distinct and harmonious facets of the same ideal." His older brother, Prince Luiz, was also part of the organization. After the spin-off occurred in the entity, the prince and his brother began to collaborate with members linked to the Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira Institute (IPCO) and the Founders' Association. Both, in separate statements, oppose same-sex marriage, abortion, land reform, and Bertrand often displays prejudice against Protestantism. Prince Bertrand also denounces globalism and some environmental campaigns as ecoterrorism and labels global warming an "environmental myth". He further explains that he is not against the defense of the environment, but considers that there is a certain exaggeration in the conservation mechanisms currently implemented, which he denounces as marxist and anti-Christian. Besides Portuguese, his native language, Bertrand is fluent in French and comprehends German, his mother's native language, English and Spanish.

Having chosen to remain chaste, Prince Bertrand is not married and has no issue, so his dynastic heir is his younger brother, Antônio, Prince Imperial of Brazil, who is married to a Belgian princess, Princess Christine of Ligne, with issue.

Both he, his younger brother, Prince Antônio, are engaged in monarchist proselytism in Brazil. They both played main roles during the campaign for the 1993 plebiscite, which represented the hitherto only real opportunity for a return of the monarchy since the republican coup d'état, in 1889. In it, the people were asked to choose which form of government (presidential or parliamentary) and which form of state organization (republic or constitutional monarchy) Brazil should have. The monarchist cause was not successful, receiving only 13.4% of the vote.

In 15 July 2022, upon the death of his elder brother Luiz, Prince Bertrand became Head of the Imperial House of Brazil, a role he had already been perfoming "de facto" in a while.

In recent years, Prince Bertrand is coordinator and spokesman of the movement "Paz no Campo" (Peace in the fields), and has traveled all over Brazil lecturing for farmers and entrepreneurs in defense of private property and free enterprise. On 2012, Prince Bertrand wrote a book called "Psicose Ambientalista" (Environmentalist Psychosis), dealing of what he calls "the hoaxes created by radical environmentalists and by eco-terrorists".

Main activist and spokesman of the Brazilian Imperial House for the restoration of the monarchy, Prince Bertrand has gained prominence in the national media and, on some occasions, international media, with the rise and spread of monarchist movements throughout the country. The Prince Imperial participates annually in public meetings with monarchists, in addition to attending other meetings and conducting lectures, often at the invitation of private and public institutions such as the Brazilian Army, municipal governments, legislative assemblies and even the federal government, mainly for public events related to Brazil's monarchical past. On 2016 he gave an interview to Mariana Godoy on her program on RedeTV!, gaining notoriety with the general public. On 22 September 2017 Prince Bertrand participated in the program The Noite com Danilo Gentili, currently the largest talk show in the country, breaking the program's record of audience. In 2019 Prince Bertrand was the frontpage of the country's top newspaper, the "O Estado de S. Paulo", On speaking of tradition, conservatism and the relation between his branch of the family, the Bolsonaro clan and government. Despite the campaign, politically the monarchist movement is politically irrelevant and has between with 11% and 32% of support among the population, according to surveys.


As member of the House of Orléans-Braganza, Prince Bertrand hold the following positions:

He has decorated by the republican Brazil:

He received the following foreign honors:


Family of Donald Trump

The Trump family is a prominent business family based in the New York, United States, who have been long active and prominent in American politics, public service, entertainment, business, and have previously held political offices and roles in the federal government of the United States.

The Trump family is of German and Scottish descent and they were previously the first family of the United States from 2017 to 2021.

Donald Trump

Melania Trump

Donald Trump Jr. 

Ivanka Trump

Eric Trump

Tiffany Trump

Barron Trump

Ivana Trump

Marla Maples

Lara Trump

Vanessa Trump

Jared Kushner

Michael Buolos

Mary Trump

Frederick Trump Sr.

Mary Anne MacLeod Trump

Frederick Trump

Elizabeth Christ Trump

John George Trump

Maryanne Trump Barry

Frederick Trump Jr.

Robert Trump

Kai Madison Trump

Donald Trump lll

Spencer Trump

Tristan Trump

Chole Sophia Trump

Arabella Rose Kushner

Theodore James Kushner

Joseph Frederick Kusher

Eric L. Trump

Carolina Dorothy Trump

Wendy Callender

Wendy Callander (born 11 June 1960) is a retired Australian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where womens judo was a demonstration sport, in the half-heavyweight event. At the Oceania Judo Championships she won the bronze medal in 1979 in the –66 kg and 15 years later in 1994 she won again the bronze medal in the -72 kg category.

Phillicia Sprauve

Phillicia Sprauve (born 3 August 1960) is a retired United States Virgin Islands taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. At the 1986 Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the +70 kg category.


Tami Noel

Tami Noel (born 26 March 1958) is a retired United States Virgin Islands taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. At the 1988 Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -65 kg category.

Mo Sun-young

Mo Sun-Young (born 11 March 1973) is a South Korean taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event. At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she became Asian Champion in 1992 after winning the bronze medal in 1990.

María Rosa Moreno

María Rosa Moreno (born 9 August 1964) is a retired Spanish taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event.

She won the bronze medal at the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships in the -43 kg category. At the European Taekwondo Championships, she became the European Champion in 1988 She won the silver medal in 1986 and the bronze medal in 1990.

Brooks Brothers

Brooks Brothers is one of the oldest clothing stores in America. It produces clothing for men, women, and children. The company was founded in 1818. It is known for classic and formal luxury clothing such as suits, Oxford shirts and overcoats. The style of Brooks Brothers has been called the Madison Avenue approach, the Ivy League style or the "Brooks Brothers Look.” The company is historically significant. Many American presidents and celebrities have worn Brooks Brothers clothing.

Opioid epidemic in the United States

In the United States, many prescribed painkillers use opioids. Opioids are effective at suppressing pain, but they can cause addiction. When people take opioids for a longer period of time, they will get addicted. Because of this, many people in the U.S. are addicted, and there are also many addiction-related deaths. This is known as the opioid crisis or opioid epidemic 

The crisis intensified during the COVID-19 pandemic . According to the CDC, almost 841,000 people died from drug overdoses between 1999 and March 2021. Most of them had become addicted to painkillers that were previously prescribed.

One such opioid is Fentanyl. Since 2018, fentanyl and its analogues have been responsible for most drug overdose deaths in the United States, causing over 71,238 deaths in 2021.

In 2023, it is said that "more Americans than ever are dying from fentanyl overdoses". The number of people dying because of fentanyl has increased with the illicit manufacture of the drug, and by its use with methamphetamines. 111,000 people died from January to April 2023 - more than those who died in car accidents.

Narcan is a drug that can be used to reverse or reduce the effects of opioids. It is available in vending machines in some Chicago subway stations. It can be bought without a prescription in some states, and in some places is free.

"The Crime of the Century" is an American two-part documentary movie, directed, produced, and written by Alex Gibney. The movie follows the opioid epidemic in the United States, and the political operatives, government regulations and corporations that enable the abuse of opioids, particularly the Sackler family and Purdue Pharma. It was aired in two parts beginning on May 10, 2021, and May 11, 2021, by HBO.



Sandgate, Vermont

Sandgate is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Searsburg, Vermont

Searsburg is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Shaftsbury, Vermont

Shaftsbury is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Stamford, Vermont

Stamford is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Khaby Lame

Kebabby Lame (; born 9 March 2000) is a Senegalese social media personality based in Italy. He does TikTok videos in which he silently mocks complicated life hack videos. He is is the most-followed TikToker.

Dos Palos, California

Dos Palos is a city in Merced County, California, United States.

Livingston, California

Livingston is a city in Merced County, California, United States.

Egretta

The genus contains 13 species:

Los Banos, California

Los Banos is a city in Merced County, California, United States. The name is Spanish for "the baths".

Del Rey Oaks, California

Del Rey Oaks is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Gonzales, California

Gonzales is a city in Monterey County, California, United States. It is in the Salinas Valley, which is an very productive farming area. It is known for growing vegetables and wine.

Greenfield, California

Greenfield is a city in Monterey County, California, United States. It is in the Salinas Valley, a very productive farming area. It is known for growing vegetables and wine.

King City, California

King City is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Marina, California

Marina is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Sand City, California

Sand City is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Soledad, California

Soledad is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

American Canyon, California

American Canyon is a city in Napa County, California, United States.

Rocklin, California

Rocklin is a city in Placer County, California, United States.

Portola, California

Portola is a city in Plumas County, California, United States.

Blythe, California

Blythe is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.


Calimesa, California

Calimesa is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Eastvale, California

Eastvale is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Lake Elsinore, California

Lake Elsinore is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Norco, California

Norco is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

San Jacinto, California

San Jacinto is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Wildomar, California

Wildomar is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Adwaita

Adwaita (meaning "one and only" in Sanskrit) (c. 1750 – 22 March 2006), also spelled Addwaita, was a male Aldabra giant tortoise. When he died, he was thought to be one of the longest-living animals in the world.

He may have come from Aldabra, in the Seychelles, although this has not been confirmed. He and four other tortoises lived at Robert Clive's estate in Barrackpore, Calcutta. It was said that Clive got the tortoises after he won the Battle of Plassey in 1757. Carl Louis Schwendler, the founder of Alipore Zoo, moved Adwaita there in 1875 or 1876. Adwaita lived there until he died on 22 March 2006 when he was about 255 years old.

Yvette Thuot

Marie Rose Yvette Pauline Thuot (13 October 1918 – 5 December 2021) was a Canadian actress. She was known for among others playing in “La revanche de Madame Beauchamp” playing the title character Madame Beauchamp and for her role in “Black list” in 1995. She played in her last film, Xavier Dolan’s Laurence Anyways at the age of 93. Ten years later Thuot died in 2021 at the age of 103.



Ian Healy

Ian Andrew Healy was born 30 April, 1964 in Brisbane. He is a former cricketer who played 119 tests and 168 one-day internationals for Australia and also played for Queensland in the Sheffield Shield. He held the record of 395 dismissals in test cricket until it was eclipsed by Adam Gilchrist. All four of his first-class centuries were scored in test cricket.


Zambia national netball team

The Zambia national netball team represent Zambia in international netball competition and are governed by Netball Association of Zambia. They have attended the Netball World Cup twice in 1999 and 2015.

Temple name

In East Asia, a temple name is a name given to monarchs. It is given after a monarch has died. It is used for ancestor worship. It describes how a king or an emperor rules his kingdom when they were alive. It is used in China, Korea, and Vietnam. Japan does not use temple names.

Tagesschau (German TV program)

Tagesschau (German: "Review of the Day") is a German national and international television news service. It is part of the public television network ARD. It records news daily. The service includes the following programs: Das Erste, tagesschau24 and Live Stream on tagesschau.de. The service provides 100-second and 15-minute news videos every day. There is also a Wochenschau ("Review of the Week") The service has been covering German and international news since 1951. Tagesschau was founded in "West Germany". It is the oldest and most watched news program in Germany. There are about 10 million viewers each night at the standard broadcast at 8:00 pm.

Esquelbecq

Esquelbecq is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2019, 2,116 people lived there.

Iesi

Iesi, also called Jesi, is a town and commune in province of Ancona, Italy. 

Pergola

Pergola is a commune in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino, Italy. The Gilt Bronzes from Cartoceto di Pergola were found here.

Ménétréol-sur-Sauldre

Ménétréol-sur-Sauldre () is a commune in the Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.

Guns of the Black Witch

Guns of the Black Witch () is a 1961 Italian French adventure movie directed by Domenico Paolella and starring Don Megowan, Silvana Pampanini, Germano Longo, Emma Danieli, Livio Lorenzon.

Villequiers

Villequiers () is a French commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. As of 2019, it has a population of 464.

Enerhodar

Enerhodar (; , , ; ) is a city and municipality in the north-western part of Zaporizhzhia Oblast in Ukraine. The city was captured by the Russian Armed Forces during the battle of Enerhodar and is currently under their control. Its population is about 52,887 as of 2021.

Enerhodar was founded on June 12, 1970, to build and maintain the Zaporizhzhia thermal power station. During the 1980s, Europe's biggest nuclear power plant, the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant, was built there. Many people work at these two power stations.


Farruko

Carlos Efrén Reyes Rosado (born May 2, 1991), also known by his stage name Farruko, is a retired Puerto Rican singer-songwriter. He became famous after working with Daddy Yankee, J Balvin, Don Omar and J Álvarez. He released his first studio album, "El Talento Del Bloque", was released in 2010.



Herbert W. Franke

Herbert W. Franke (14 May 1927 – 16 July 2022) was an Austrian scientist and writer. He was a computer artist. He created computer graphics and early digital art since the late 1950s. Franke worked on future research and speleology. 

Franke was born in Vienna, Austria. He died on 16 July 2022 in Egling, Germany at the age of 95. 

Francisco Cumplido

Francisco Guillermo Cumplido Cereceda (23 October 1930 – 16 July 2022) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was the Minister of Justice under Patricio Aylwin's government from 1990 to 1994. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Party. Cumplido was born in Santiago, Chile.

Cumplido died on 16 July 2022 in Santiago at the age of 91.

Nikolai Krogius

Nikolai Vladimirovich Krogius (July 22, 1930 – July 14, 2022) was a Russian Chess Grandmaster, International Arbiter (1985), psychologist, chess coach, chess administrator, and author. He coached World Champion Boris Spassky for many years. He also was chairman of the USSR Chess Federation. He was the co-winner of the 1993 World Senior Chess Championship.

Krogius died on July 14, 2022 in New York City, eight days before his 92nd birthday.

Arne Åhman

Per Arne Åhman (4 February 1925 – 5 July 2022) was a Swedish athlete. He won the triple jump event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

2022 European heat waves

There were heat waves in many European countries in June and July 2022. It created all-time high temperatures in many places. The rising temperatures caused wildfires to break out across Europe, and the high temperatures caused hundreds of deaths across Spain and Portugal. The United Kingdom sent its first ever "red" level temperature warning. Many towns were evacuated in Portugal and France.

Climate scientists have connected the extreme heat to climate change. Over 3,000 people have died because of the heat waves.

The highest temperature recorded was in Pinhão, Portugal on 14 July.

Ricky Bibey

Ricky Bibey (22 September 1981 – 17 July 2022) was an English professional rugby league footballer. Bibey was born in Leigh, England.

Bibey played in the 2000s and 2010s. He played at representative level for England (A-Team), and at club level for Wigan Warriors (Heritage No. 941), Leigh Centurions (Heritage No. 1211) (three spells), St. Helens (Heritage No. 1137), Oldham (Heritage No.) and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (Heritage No. 1253). He was forced to retire in May 2012.

Bibey was found dead, aged 40, at his hotel room in Florence, Italy on 17 July 2022.


Leigh, Greater Manchester

Leigh is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. It is on low-lying land northwest of Chat Moss. 

Within the boundaries of the historic county of Lancashire, Leigh was originally the centre of a large ecclesiastical parish covering six vills or townships. When the three townships of Pennington, Westleigh and Bedford merged in 1875 forming the Leigh Local Board District, Leigh became the official name for the town. It had been applied to the area of Pennington and Westleigh around the parish church for many centuries.
The town became an urban district in 1894 when part of Atherton was added. In 1899 Leigh became a municipal borough. The first town hall was built in King Street. It was replaced by the present building in 1907.

Pacific, Missouri

Pacific (formerly known as Franklin) is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri in eastern Franklin County and extending to the east into southwest St. Louis County. The population was 7,414 at the 2020 census.

Sajith Premadasa

Sajith Premadasa, MP (, ; born 12 January 1967) is a Sri Lankan politician. He is the current Leader of the Opposition of Sri Lanka since 2020. He is also a Member of Parliament for Colombo District. 

Premadasa is the son of Ranasinghe Premadasa, who was the President of Sri Lanka from 1989 to 1993. He studied at S. Thomas' Preparatory School, Royal College, Colombo and Mill Hill School before entering London School of Economics.

Tlaloc

Tlaloc is one of the pantheon of gods in Aztec religion.


Pero, Lombardy

Pero (Milanese: / peːr) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a 10,378 people living there and an area of .

Pero is twinned with:


Ae, Dumfries and Galloway

Ae is a village in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. Ae is located on the edge of a large man made Conifer Forest and is around 9 miles (14km) from Dumfries. 

Four Towers, Somerset

Four Towers is a formerly inhabited area between Brewham and Charlton Musgrove. It is near Wincanton in the south of Somerset on the Southeast of England in the United Kingdom.

The area of Four Towers consists of various small communites:


The Death of the Bull (Pettinicchio)

The Death of the Bull () is a 20th-century late impressionist oil painting by Umberto Pettinicchio. It was made and exhibited in 1981, in Milan]. It is part of the permanent collection of the Museo de Arte Moderno y Contemporáneo de Santander y Cantabria.

The painting is a work on the protection of animals, bringing to life the harsh reality of suffering. The death of the matador exactly reflects the state of mind of the toto raised in the air his neck twisted by pain, the blood gushing from his belly, the same suffering bull. Everything in this composition is dramatic, enhanced by the red that impresses the viewer, making him experience the suffering of the animal.

The work has the very violent colors of red and black. It is even more poignant because the violence is suggested by the size of an immense bull, covered in blood. The violence and brutality of the bull's wiggling for life contrast with the pity and love that wants to generate the suffering of the bull towards the viewer.




Hermann, Missouri

Hermann is the county seat of Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Osteocephalus deridens

The Osteocephalus deridens is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 250 and 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 28.8–34.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 43.7–50.6 mm long. This is a medium-sized frog the color of coffee (brown). It has a cream-colored (white) mark under each eye. The belly is cream-white. The bones of the feet are green in color, and a human can see them through the skin.

This frog moves at night. The male frogs sit on bromeliad plants about 5 m above the ground and sing. They live in forests with firm ground. The female frog lays eggs in bromeliad plants. Scientists think she comes back to the same plant and lays more eggs for the tadpoles to eat.

Scientists gave this frog the name "deridere" for the Latin word for "laughing" because the male frogs sound as if they are laughing.

Oak Grove, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana

Oak Grove is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

LaFlia Contenidos

LaFlia Contenidos (or just LaFlia) is an Argentine media and services production company created by Argentine television presenter, sports leader, and businessman Marcelo Tinelli, as the successor of his first production company "Ideas del Sur", whose general manager is Federico Facello. It was announced on social networks on 20 February 2018.

After the breakup at the end of 2017 of the partnership with the "Indalo Group", Showmatch lived a year with many conflicts, leading to almost ceasing broadcasts. At the end of that year, continuity was confirmed of the cycle in the present 2018 and 2019, with the support of the authorities of El Trece, but without the participation of "Ideas del Sur" as a producer.

However, there were rumors that the program should change its name since the Showmatch brand would not belong to the new production, so the possibility of retaking the old video match name was considered, but given the protection of said name by being owned by Telefe, the name that was handled for the 2018 season was originally going to be called "ShowDance", then Tinelli decided that the name would be "Bailando", but in the end, it returned with the same name as always (Showmatch).

According to Marcelo himself, he commented on Facebook Live in which he introduced the production company, the name is due to the union between the company's employees and viewers with more than twenty years of experience. He commented: 

On 23 February 2018, The company signed a contract with the Mexican company Televisa and achieved the acquisition of the rights to the Mexican dance reality show "Bailando por un sueño" until 2027.

Quadronno District

Quadronno or Quartiere Quadronno is one of the luxury residential districts of the upper class that make up Milano, in the historical center of the city. Quadronno is considered the oldest "contrada" in the whole city of Milan and one the most richest and expensive residential neighborhood of Italy.
The "Quartiere Quadronno" is a luxury vintage district enclosed in a area between the square of Crocetta and Corso di Porta Vigentina up to the Gardens of Via della Guastalla, Viale Beatrice d'Este-Viale Filippetti (corner Via Cassolo) and Corso Italia to Piazza Missori. The Quadronno in Milan is full of luxurious condominiums by historical '50 archistars designers that make this area special, where you can find almost anything you want in an exclusive and exciting area.





Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe

Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe is a 2022 American adult animated comedy movie. It was directed by Jim Reardon and written by Mike Judge and Scott Hemming.
The movie was released on December 16, 2022, on Paramount Pictures.

Lechlade

Lechlade (), or Lechlade-on-Thames, is a town in Cotswolds, Gloucestershire, England. It is named after the River Leach. As of 2011, it has a population of around 2,850.

Evidence of human occupation begins during the neolithic, Iron Age and Roman periods. The town later became a trading centre. Lechlade is home to the Anglican Church of St Lawrence which has been there since the 15th century, as well as a Baptist Church on Sherborne Street, there since 1817. In modern times, many cultural and social activities occur around the town's Memorial Hall, which was burned down by a fire and rebuilt in 2016.

After World War II, the development of the nearby air force stations, RAF Fairford and RAF Brize Norton, helped expand the town.

Four Seasons

Four seasons may mean:

The Four Seasons (Vivaldi)

The Four Seasons () is a set of violin concertos written by Antonio Vivaldi. Each concerto is a musical depiction of one of the four seasons. It is a part of a larger set of violin concertos called "Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione". It was first published in 1725 in Amsterdam.

Lucas Gourna-Douath

Lucas Gourna-Douath (born 5 August 2003) is a French professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Gourna-Douath started in local clubs near his birthplace. In 2018 he went to Saint-Étienne. On 6 May 2020 he signed his first professional contract with the club at the age of 16. He made his debut in a 2–0 Ligue 1 win over Strasbourg on 12 September 2020.

On 13 July 2022 he signed Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg. The transfer fee paid to Saint-Étienne was €15 million. He ist the most expensive signing in the history of Austrian football.
Gourna-Douath was born in France and is of Central African Republic origin. He is a youth international for France and captain of the U19 team.


It Happened in Athens

It Happened in Athens is a 1962 Greek American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Andrew Marton and starring Trax Colton, Jayne Mansfield, Xenia Kalogeropoulou, Nico Minardos, Bob Mathias, Ivan Triesault, Titos Vandis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


You Should Be Dancing

"You Should Be Dancing" is a song from 1976. It was written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb. It was performed by the Bee Gees. The band released it as a single in 1976 and was leading song from their album "Children of the World" and went to number 1 in the United States, number 1 in Canada, number 4 in Ireland, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Italy, number 8 in Sweden, number 10 in New Zealand and number 20 in Australia.

Your Love (The Outfield song)

"Your Love" is a 1985 song by English rock group The Outfield. It was taken from their debut album "Play Deep" and charted at number 6 in the United States. It is an uptempo new wave, power pop, rock single.

Pero (disambiguation)

Pero may refer to:


TV Pinsk Music Top 10 (2017 TV Series)

TV Pinsk Music Top 10 - musical show released in 2017.





Kinopoisk

Kinopoisk (, a portmanteau of "cinema" and "search") is a Russian online database. It started in 2003. It has information about movies and TV shows including cast, production team, biographies, plot summaries, ratings, and reviews. It also has stills, trailers, posters, and wallpapers. 

Users can edit the information and post reviews. 

From April 2018, Kinopoisk has an application for Samsung TVs with Smart TV function, which allows people to watch films for rent or purchase.


Director of photography

The cinematographer or director of photography (sometimes shortened to DP or DOP) is the person responsible for the photographing or recording of a film, television production, music video or other live action piece.
There are a number of national associations of cinematographers that represent members (irrespective of their official titles) for the advancement of cinematography, including:



A Girl Named Tamiko

A Girl Named Tamiko is a 1962 American romantic drama movie directed by John Sturges and was based on the novel of the same name by Ronald Kirkbride. It stars Laurence Harvey, France Nuyen, Martha Hyer, Gary Merrill and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown

Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown () is a 1988 Spanish black comedy-drama movie directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Carmen Maura, Antonio Banderas, Julieta Serrano, María Barranco, Rossy de Palma, Kiti Mánver. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1989.

Gastonia (dinosaur)

Gastonia is an armoured dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of North America. It lived about 139 to 125 million years ago.

It was a nodosaurid, closely related to "Polacanthus". "Gastonia" has a sacral shield and large shoulder spikes.

Several examples of this genus of herbivorous ankylosaur were found in Utah in the Cedar Mountain Formation.

Boys' Night Out (movie)

Boys' Night Out is a 1962 American romantic comedy movie directed by Michael Gordon and starring Kim Novak, James Garner, Tony Randall, Howard Duff, Janet Blair, Patti Page, Zsa Zsa Gabor, William Bendix, Howard Morris. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


La Roue

La Roue (, 'The Wheel') is a 1923 French silent drama movie directed by Abel Gance and starring Séverin-Mars, Ivy Close, Gabriel de Gravone, Pierre Magnier, Max Maxudian, Georges Térof.


You Never Know Women

You Never Know Women is a 1926 American romantic drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and starring Florence Vidor, Lowell Sherman, Clive Brook, Roy Stewart, El Brendel, Sidney Bracey. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


José Guadalupe Galván Galindo

José Guadalupe Galván Galindo (21 August 1941 – 16 July 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1965. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciudad Valles, Mexico from 1994 to 2000 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreón, Mexico from 2000 until his retirement in 2017. He was born in Cadereyta Jiménez, Mexico.

Galván Galindo died on 16 July 2022 at a hospital in Torreón, Mexico from congestive heart failure, aged 80.

Adventure (1936 movie)

Adventure (Swedish: Äventyret) is a 1936 Swedish drama movie directed by Per-Axel Branner and was based on the 1913 play "The Beautiful Adventure" by Gaston Arman de Caillavet, Robert de Flers and Étienne Rey. It stars Karin Swanström, Tutta Rolf, Olof Winnerstrand, Elsa Carlsson, Håkan Westergren, Frida Winnerstrand, Irma Christenson, Elsa Ebbesen.

Georgios Daskalakis

Georgios P. Daskalakis (; 12 July 1936 – 16 July 2022) was a Greek businessman, trade unionist, and politician. He was in the Hellenic Parliament from 1981 until 1996 and from 2000 until 2004. Daskalakis was one of the co-founders of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. Daskalakis was born in Lagadia, Greece.

Daskalakis died on 16 July 2022 in Athens, Greece at the age of 86.

Georgs Andrejevs

Georgs Andrejevs (30 October 1932 – 16 July 2022) was a Latvian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament for the Latvian Way party from 2004 to 2009. He was the Foreign Minister of Latvia from 1992 to 1994. He was born in Tukums, Latvia.

Andrejevs died on 16 July 2022 in Riga, Latvia at the age of 89.

James M. McCoy

James M. McCoy (July 30, 1930 – July 13, 2022) was an American Air Force officer. He was the sixth Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force from 1979 to 1981. McCoy was born in Creston, Iowa and was raised in Atchison, Kansas. He served during the Vietnam War. 

McCoy died on July 13, 2022 at the age of 91.

Southampton, Massachusetts

Southampton () is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. Southampton is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The town had a population of 6,224 at the 2020 census.

Southampton was voted as having the best tasting tap water in the country in 2008 by the National Rural Water Association.

Whitinsville, Massachusetts

Whitinsville is an unincorporated village within the town of Northbridge in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. Whitinsville is a census-designated place (CDP) and its population was 6,750 at the 2020 census. 

Northbridge, Massachusetts

Northbridge is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 16,335 at the 2020 census.

Benthe König

Benthe König (born 2 February 2000) is a Dutch athlete from Velp competing in the shot put. 

König was talented from a young age. At a youth competition König threw farther than the measuring tape. "The organizasion had not taken into account that a pupil whould be to throw that far.

In 2019 König won the silver medal at the 2019 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships behind Jorinde van Klinken. In that year she started working on a new technique. She competed in the shot put event at the 2019 European Athletics U23 Championships and finished 6th in the final. At the 2020 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships and 2021 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships she won the bronze medal.

Due to her position on the world ranking list, she qualified for the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the shot put event in Oregon, United States.

König has three sisters, and all competed in athletics. Benthe was the only of the four who continued with athletics.

Ticket to Paradise (2022 movie)

Ticket to Paradise is a 2022 American romantic comedy movie directed by Ol Parker and written by Parker and Daniel Pipski. It stars George Clooney and Julia Roberts.

The movie is about two divorced parents going to Bali after learning their daughter is getting married to an Indonesian man she has just met. They decide to work together to end the wedding so that her marriage does not end like theirs.

The movie is set to be released by Universal Pictures on October 21, 2022 in the United States.

James Goldsmith

Sir James Michael Goldsmith was a French-British financier, tycoon and politician. He was a member of the Goldsmith family. His controversial business and finance career led to ongoing clashes with British media, frequently involving litigation or the threat of litigation.

Osteocephalus fuscifacies

Osteocephalus fuscifacies is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador and Peru. In Ecuador, it lives near the River Napo. Scientists have seen it between 250 and 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 34.7–44.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 57.5–51.5 mm.

The skin on the frog's back is the color of coffee. The skin on the frog's belly is the color of coffee mixed with gray, with white bumps. Some frogs have a gray or brown mark below each eye. The iris of the eye is gold in color with black marks.

This frog moves at night. The male frogs sit on bromeliad plants 7 m or more above the forest floor. The female frogs lay their eggs in water that in the bromeliad leaves. The tadpoles hatch and swim in this water. This frog almost never goes to the forest floor. It stays in the trees for most of its life.

The Latin name of this frog "fuscifacies" means "brown face."

The Ace of Cads

The Ace of Cads is a 1926 American romantic drama movie directed by first time director Luther Reed and was based on the short story of the same name by Michael Arlen. It stars Alice Joyce, Adolphe Menjou, Norman Trevor and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Rovito

Rovito (Calabrian: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.

Left-wing libertarianism

Left-wing libertarianism is a kind of left-wing politics that says the government should have less control over people's lives. Left-wing libertarians want a mix of personal freedoms with social equality. They normally believe in a more progressive lifestyle than other libertarians. But they agree that people should normally have more free choice.

Left-wing anarchism is an extreme kind of left-wing libertarianism. It wants to get rid of government and capitalism entirely. Libertarianism can also sometimes mix with socialism. This is called socialist libertarianism. But these different names can sometimes all mean the same thing. Socialist libertarians and anarchists want to end private property because they believe people who own it get unfair power over others. They want a future based on people working to help each other, instead of for money. But they want to make these things happen without using a government.


Pero, Savona

Pero is a village located in the municipality of Varazze in the province of Savona of the Liguria region.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 80 metres hurdles

The 80 metres hurdles at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

During the heats the starter waited a very long time in before firing the start gun. In heat 4 the Dutch Agaath Doorgeest was disqualified after making two false starts. The British public did not agree. The audience started to whistle and there were chants. The public demanded that she got another chance. When that (of course) didn't happen, the public request the starter who was the starter at the Empire Games a few days earlier. It took so long for the crowd to calm down that some of the athletes didn't want to start anymore.

In the final, the German Ruth Engelhard won the event in 11.6 seconds that was a new world record, beating the previous world record 11.7 seconds of the American Babe Didrikson.

Sources:

Source:

Gerda Pirch from Germany who won the silver medal in 1930 finished fourth in one of the semi-finals and was eliminated.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Sources:

Udaariyaan

Udaariyaan () is an Indian television drama series that airs on Colors TV. Produced by Sargun Mehta and Ravi Dubey, it premiered on 15 March 2021. It features Ankit Gupta, Priyanka Choudhary and Isha Malviya.




Girls5eva

Girls5eva is an American musical comedy television series created by Meredith Scardino. It premiered on May 6, 2021, on Disney Channel. The series centers on four women who were part of a girl group named Girls5eva in te 1990s. The girl group was popular around the 2000 before fading into one-hit-wonder status. Now unfulfilled in their various lives, the women reunite in an attempt to find musical success again. 

One of Girls5eva's hit songs is sampled by a rapper named Lil Stinker. 

Technoblade

Alexander (June 1, 1999 – June 2022), better known as Technoblade, was an American YouTuber known for "Minecraft" videos and livestreams on YouTube. He was also known for his involvement in a roleplay group called the Dream SMP. His YouTube channel had more than 14 million subscribers in July 2022. He died sometime in June 2022 of cancer.

HIT: The First Case (2022 movie)

HIT: The First Case is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language action thriller film directed by Sailesh Kolanu from a screenplay also by him. The dialogues of the film were written by Girish Kohli. It is a remake of the . It stars Rajkummar Rao and Sanya Malhotra. It released on July 15, 2022.

Vikram Jaisingh aka Vicky is a cop who works in the Homicide Intervention Team HIT, and is sharp person, who solves crucial cases with his ability to capture even the smallest of details, thus earning the trust of his senior Ajit. He is in love with Neha Mehta, his colleague and a forensic official.

Rohit is Vikram's close friend and his colleague, who accompanies him in most of his cases. Vikram is constantly in an argument with Akshay, another officer, who crosses lines with Vikram. Vikram occasionally suffers from PTSD due to his past experience and refuses to take pills as he believes it slows down his abilities.

Meanwhile, a girl named Preeti is driving on the highway, and her car stops to the side because it suffers a malfunction. Officer Ibrahim Sheikh, stops to help her, and she calls her father since she forgot her phone at her home. When her father comes to pick her up, he sees that she has gone missing and Ibrahim says that she got into a blue car and he thought it was his car.

When Preeti's parents approach Ibrahim demandingly, he remains firm and insults them. Being a good friend of Preeti’ parents, Ajit decides to suspend Ibrahim because of how he acted and since he does not believe him. Vikram decides to take a six-month break to relieve his PTSD attacks. After two months, Vikram gets a call that Neha goes missing. He decides to go back to Ajit and ask for the case file for Neha going missing, but he says Akshay is dealing with the case, and he cannot give it to him.

Vikram decides to ask Saxena, who is Neha's colleague, about the cases Neha has dealt with the past two months. Vikram and Rohit connect Preeti's and Neha's missing case and deduce that the same person is involved in both cases. Vikram decides to investigate, and he asks Srinivas for Preethi's case, and he takes over the case.

Meanwhile, Akshay has suspicions that Vikram was the one who kidnapped Neha. Vikram decides to go to Preeti's college, and he asks Ajay and Sandya about what happened the previous night, and they say the same response how they were at a pub. Vikram and Rohit ask both Preeti's parents, and they say that her parents died in a plane crash and she was living with them and Preeti's neighbor Sheela about her.

Vikram and Rohit start deducing the case, and they come to a conclusion that Sheela kidnapped Preeti after they see Sheela's blue car and a note forged by Sheela indicating the whereabouts of Preeti's corpse. Ibrahim then sees the car and says that Sheela was not the one who kidnapped Preeti. Vikram and his team dig up the body behind the house and find that it is unnoticeable and it has a few DNA samples on it.

Vikram suspects Ajay because he said that Preeti was his girlfriend. While searching for the evidences Vikram gets a call from a stranger named Eesha who is stalked by a man in a car telling her to stop so that he can talk, but she drives fast and reaches the outskirts and contacted Vikram. Vikram begins his investigation in the toll booth in the highway. Vikram using the toll gate security cameras he deduces that the man who kidnapped was Fahad. After Vikram, Akshay, and Ibrahim find Fahad, Ibrahim is shot dead by Fahad while Vikram and Akshay capture him. Fahad takes them to the house where he received the money to kidnap Preeti. Vikram finds out that it was Rohit's house, and before Rohit shoots him, he shoots him dead.

Akshay goes upstairs and gets Neha. During the funeral of Rohit Sapna explains how Preeti and Sapna belonged to the same orphanage. Sapna had started developing feelings for Preeti since the age of 14. Saraswati Ma'am from the orphanage had tried to separate them. A couple came to adopt a child and were interested in both of them. But in the end they choose one and Preeti gets selected and adopted. Saraswati Ma'am asked her to suppress her feelings.

Sapna explains how she saw Preeti at a club and suddenly all the pent up feelings came out. Sapna tries to tell Preeti but Preeti rebukes Sapna. To express her feelings to Preeti, Sapna kidnaps Preeti with the help of Fahad and then Preeti dies in a scuffle. Rohit tries to protect Sapna by burying her and planting the DNA evidences. Sapna explains the whole story and Sapna gets arrested. Vikram attends the funeral of Both Preeti and Ibrahim. the Unidentified DNA on Preeti was of Rohit . He knew he would be caught and wanted to die at the hands of Vikram.

When Neha and Vikram are talking, Vikram almost gets shot, hinting at a sequel.


Ƌ

Ƌ is a letter in the Latin alphabet that was used in writing.
It’s lowercase is ƌ.

Giovanni de Martino

Giovanni De Martino (January 13, 1870, Naples–March 3, 1935, Naples) was an Italian sculptor active in Paris. During the 1931 Quadrennial Exhibition in Rome, Benito Mussolini identified Giovanni de Martino as the most important sculptor representing Italian art.

In 1900, he won a prize at the Salon de Paris at Louvre Museum for a bronze of a fisherman.


At a New York Sotheby's auction in 2008, Giovanni De Martino's "Fishermen" (1930), a bronze sculpture, sold for US $7,500 plus auction fees.



Ruth Engelhard

Ruth Engelhard (née Ruth Becker, 3 January 1909 – 22 October 1975) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles event. She set two times a world record and eight times the German national record. She became several times national champion.

Engelhard won the gold medal at the 1934 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event setting a new world record in the final of 11.6 seconds.

She married to Hermann Engelhard on 12 May 1932 in Steglitz-Zehlendorf. She had two sons Frank (1936-2015) and Bernd (born 1940).

Boudewijn Paans

Boudewijn Bernard Leopold Paans (31 October 1943 – 1 July 2021) was a Dutch writer and journalist.

He was editor of the VPRO Gids from 1976 to 2004. He became , in 1991.

Paans was a regular columnist for "de Volkskrant" supplement "Het Vervolg" from 1984 to 1991. Later, he also wrote columns for Amersfoortse Courant, "Utrechts Nieuwsblad" and "Soester Courant".

In addition to his work as editor-in-chief and columnist, Paans wrote radio dramas based on books. Examples of this includethe books by "Janwillem van de Wetering" and "Mien van 't Sant".

Paans married to Anna who worked for the "Gooi- en Eemlander" and "Amersfoortse Courant". Their son was journalist Arjan Paans (1969-2023). Paans died in Laren on 1 July 2021, aged 77.


Yolanda Santana

Yolanda Santana Vega (born 10 January 1972) is a Spanish taekwondo athlete. 

She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. At the 1989 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the +70 kg category.

Yvonne Tillmann

Yvonne Tillmann (born 10 October 1967) is a German former taekwondo practitioner. 

She represented West Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event.

At the 1990 European Taekwondo Championships she won for Germany the bronze medal in the -55 kg category. She was three times German champion.

She was a member of TC Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.

Ute Güster

Ute Güster (born 19 February 1957) is a West German taekwondo athlete. 

She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event.

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1984, won the silver medal in 1986 and the bronze medal in 1988. She was four times German champion.

She was a member of Taekwondo-Verein Han Kook Aachen in Aachen.

Sonny Seidel

Sonny Seidel-Jung (born 7 May 1968) is a German former taekwondo practitioner. 

She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight class, finishing third. She represented West Germany in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the lightweight class.

At the 1988 European Taekwondo Championships, she won the silver medal for West Germany. In 1992, she became European Champion for Germany in the -65kg category. She was seven times German champion.

She was a member of Chung-Gun Hammersbach in Hammersbach.

Gerda Pirch

Gerda Pirch (married name Gerda Pinski, born 6 December 1910) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles event. She was a member of SCC Berlin and represented Germany at international competitions.

Pirch won the silver medal at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event. The next year she was disqualified at the 1931 Olympics of Grace. In her heat there were many false starts and not the only one who was disqualified. protests had no effect on lifting disqualification. She also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games in London in the 80 metres hurdles event but was eliminated in the semi-finals.

Pirch won several medals at national championships in the 80 metres hurdles event. After winning the silver medal at the , Pirch became national champion at the and . She won at the the bronze medal and at the the silver medal.

Sabina Luciani

Sabina Luciani (born 18 June 1963) is a Danish taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight event.

At the 1988 European Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -65 kg category.

Maryla Freiwald

Maryla Freiwald (8 January 1911 — 1962) was a Polish track and field hurdler, long jumper and sprinter. She was a member of Makabi Kraków and represented Poland at international competitions.

Freiwald won the bronze medal at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 4 × 100 metres relay event. In the 80 metres hurdles event she reached the final where she finished fourth. She also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games in London in the 80 metres hurdles event where she was eliminated in the semi-finals.

Freiwald became eight times Polish national champion. Five times in the 80 m hurdles (1928, 1929, 1934, 1935 and 1936), in the 4 x 200 m relay (1936) in the long jump (1927) and in the standing long jump. She was also set the Polish record in the 80 metres (13.1 seconds) in 1929.

That's All (Genesis song)

"That's All" is a 1983 song by Genesis. It was released on 31 October 1983 and appears as the second track on their 1983 album "Genesis". It reached number 6 in the United States and number 16 in the United Kingdom.

Clutch (eggs)

A clutch is a group of eggs. When people say "clutch," they mean living eggs that have not hatched yet. Usually, they mean eggs laid by the same mother. Usually, they mean eggs laid at the same time.

A clutch can be just one egg or many. For example, many ocean birds lay only one or two eggs in one clutch. Some frogs lay hundreds of eggs in one clutch.

Sometimes the parents will stay with the clutch to guard it. Sometimes the parents will sit on the eggs to keep them warm. Sometimes the parents will bury or hide the eggs and then leave.

Clutch (disambiguation)

A clutch is a machine part. It helps move power from one part of a machine to another.

Clutch may also refer to:






After Hours til Dawn Tour

The After Hours til Dawn Tour is the seventh tour by Canadian recording artist The Weeknd. It began July 14, 2022, in Philadelphia. It is in support of The Weeknd's fourth album "After Hours" (2020) and fifth album "Dawn FM" (2022).

The tour was originally called The After Hours Tour, but it was canceled because of the coronavirus pandemic and because The Weeknd wanted to create a larger tour using stadiums instead of arenas.

American recording artist Doja Cat was scheduled to be the tour's opening act but canceled due to throat surgery.

The Toronto show at Rogers Centre was going to happen on July 8, 2022, but it didn't and he rescheduled it for September 22 due to the nationwide Rogers cellular and internet outage.
The second show in Los Angeles, on September 3, 2022, was canceled when The Weeknd lost his voice onstage. He promised to refund the tickets if fans wished and to reschedule the show.

Untamed (1929 movie)

Untamed is a 1929 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Jack Conway and starring Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery, Ernest Torrence, Gwen Lee, Holmes Herbert, John Miljan, Edward Nugent, Lloyd Ingraham. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Morton Feldman: Piano and String Quartet

Morton Feldman: Piano and String Quartet is the debut studio album by Aki Takahashi. The album was released on September 28, 1993.

Ruth Benedict

Ruth Fulton Benedict (June 5, 1887 – September 17, 1948) was an American anthropologist and folklorist. She studied under Franz Boas. She received her Ph.D. and joined the faculty of Columbia University in 1923. Benedict was president of the American Anthropological Association and also an important member of the American Folklore Society. She became the first woman to be a leader of an academic profession. Her 1934 book "Patterns of Culture" was about how personality, art, language, and culture all connect together. None of those things can be separate. She also wrote against racism during World War II and that all people should work together. Her later book, "The Chrysanthemum and the Sword", was about the society and culture of Japan. She researched it during the war without visiting Japan. She used literature, books, news articles and movies from Japan. It was published in 1946 and was one reason why the United States allowed Japan to keep the Emperor after losing the war. It was an example of "anthropology at a distance".

Benedict was married to Stanley Rossiter Benedict, but also had a close professional and personal or romantic relationship with anthropologist Margaret Mead. 

Battle of Halidon Hill

On 19 July 1333, a Scottish army led by Sir Archibald Douglas engaged an English army under the leadership of King Edward III of England (reigned 1327–1377) and was decisively defeated at the Battle of Halidon Hill. The previous year, Edward Balliol had secretly usurped the Scottish Crown from five-year-old David II (r. 1329-1371), with the help of Edward III. This was the beginning of the Second War of Scottish Independence. Balliol was quickly driven out of Scotland by a popular rebellion, which Edward III exploited as a pretext for invading Scotland in 1333. The immediate aim was Berwick-upon-Tweed, a strategically significant border town that the English besieged in March.

Halidon Hill

Halidon Hill is a mountain located approximately 2 miles (3 kilometers) west of Berwick-upon-Tweed, on the boundary between England and Scotland. It stands 600 feet (180 meters) tall. The hill's name implies that it formerly had a fortress on its top. At the Battle of Halidon Hill in 1333, Edward III of England defeated a Scottish force headed by Archibald the "Tyneman" Douglas, Regent of Scotland, with longbowmen on the hill's crest.


Astraeus hygrometricus

Astraeus hygrometricus, often known as the 'hygroscopic earthstar, the barometer earthstar, or the false earthstar, is a Diplocystaceae fungus. When closed, young specimens resemble a puffball. When mature, the mushroom takes on the distinctive earthstar form, which is caused by the outer layer of fruit body tissue splitting apart in a star-like pattern.

Anglo-Nepalese War

The Battle of Nalapani was fought between the soldiers of the British East India Company and Nepal, which was then controlled by the House of Gorkha, in 1814-1816. The fight took place at Dehradun, near the Nalapani fort, which was besieged by the British between October 31 and November 30, 1814. Captain Balbhadra Kunwar commanded the fort's defenders, while Major-General Robert Rollo Gillespie, who had previously participated in the Battle of Java, led the invading British forces. Gillespie was slain while rousing his soldiers on the first day of the siege.

Bhakti Thapa

Bhakti Thapa Chhetri (Nepali: ; born Lamjung, Nepal 1741 A.D.- 1815 A.D.) was a Nepalese military general and governor in the Kingdom of Nepal. He first worked for the Kingdom of Lamjung. He is regarded as one of Nepal's national heroes. Thapa, who served as the Sardar (commander) of the Lamjung state, battled Gorkhali in the conflict on behalf of Lamjung King Kehari Narayan. Following Lamjung's defeat in the conflict with the Gorkhali (Nepali) army, he was taken prisoner of war and sent to Kathmandu. Later, he was chosen to serve in the Nepali army as a sirdar (one of the sirdars).

Caroline Haslett

Caroline Haslett was born on 17 August 1895. Caroline was an engineer.

Her parents were Mr and Mrs Robert. She grew up wanting to be an inspiring woman to other people. There is a school named after her in Milton Keynes. She loved fixing stuff when she was young.

Caroline Haslett died on January 4th 1957.


Barbara Brouwer

Barbara Brouwer (born 28 March 1993) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of DVO and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Esther Cordus

Esther Cordus (born 14 August 1994) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of KZ/Hiltex and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she made her debut at the 2017 World Games where she won the gold medal. She became again champion at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Korfball

Korfball () is a ball sport, with some things being the same as netball and basketball. It is played by two teams of eight players with four female players and four male players in each team. The goal is to throw a ball into a netless basket that is on a high pole.

The sport was invented by Dutch school teacher Nico Broekhuysen in 1902. In the Netherlands, there are about 500 clubs and more than 90,000 people playing korfball. The sport is also played in Belgium and Taiwan, and in nearly 70 other countries.

Anouk Haars

Anouk Haars (born 28 December 1994) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of KZ/Hiltex and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

She is a member of the national team since 2020. With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Fleur Hoek

Fleur Hoek (born 28 July 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of Fortuna and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Dhan Bahadur Buda

Dhan Bahadur Buda is a Nepalese politician, cultural minister, and Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) elected from Dolpa-1, Province No. 6. In the Second Oli Cabinet, he was State Minister for Culture, Tourism, and Civil Aviation. He belongs to the CPN (Unified Socialist).

Sitaram Mahato

Sitaram Mahato is a Nepalese politician, former state minister, and Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) representing Sunsari-2, Province No. 1. He belongs to the Nepali Congress.

Teju Lal Chaudhary

Teju Lal Chaudhary is a Nepalese politician. He is former state youth and sports minister and current member of the House of Representatives. He was elected in Province No. 2's Saptari-4. He belongs to the Nepalese Congress.

Surya Prasad Pathak

Surya Prasad Pathak is a Nepalese politician who was elected to the Nepalese House of Representatives representing Baglung-1, Province No. 4. He belongs to the Nepal Communist Party.

Bhawani Prasad Khapung

Bhawani Prasad Khapung (born 5 October 1961) is a Nepalese politician who is presently the Minister of Health and Population in the ruling coalition led by Prime Minister and Nepali Congress President Sher Bahadur Deuba. In the 2017 General Election, he was elected to the House of Representatives as a Member of Parliament (MP) from Terathum 1 (constituency). He is a CPN member (Unified Socialist).

La. Ganesan

La. Ganesan (born 16 February 1945) is an Indian politician. He is the Governor of Nagaland since 20 February 2023. He is also served as the Governor of West Bengal, in an additional charge role, from 18 July 2022 to 17 November 2022 respectively and Governer of Manipur from 2021 till 2023.

Greenwood Park Mall shooting

On July 17, 2022, a mass shooting took place at the Greenwood Park Mall in Greenwood, Indiana, United States. The shooting happened at 5:56 pm EDT (). Three people were killed and two others were injured in the shooting.

The shooter, Jonathan Sapirman, was shot to death by Elisjsha Dicken, a civilian who also had a gun.

Eric Flint

Eric Flint (February 6, 1947 – July 17, 2022) was an American author and editor. His works are about alternate history science fiction, but he also wrote fantasy adventures. He was a co-founder and editor of the Baen Free Library. He was best known for writing the "1632" series.

Flint died on July 17, 2022, at the age of 75 in East Chicago, Indiana.

Osteocephalus leoniae

Osteocephalus leoniae is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Peru in the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it between 380 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Ruslana Pysanka

Ruslana Pysanka (; born "Ruslana Ihorivna Pysanko"; 17 November 1965 – 19 July 2022) was a Ukrainian actress and cinematographer. Her career began in 1994. Pysanka was born in Kyiv, Ukraine. Her best known roles were in "Moskal-Charivnyk" (1995) as Tetyana, in "With Fire and Sword" (1999) as Horpyna and in "Rzhevsky versus Napoleon" (2012) as Madame Golovina.

Pysanka died on 19 July 2022 from cancer in Kaiserslautern, Germany, aged 56.

Aloyzas Sakalas

Aloyzas Sakalas (6 July 1931 – 18 July 2022) was a Lithuanian physicist and politician. He was known as one of the signers of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was a Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania from 2004 to 2009. Before, he was a member of the Seimas from 1990 to 2004. He was born in Anykščiai, Lithuania. 

Sakalas died on 18 July 2022, two weeks after his 91st birthday in Vilnius, Lithuania.

Clifford the Big Red Dog

Clifford the Big Red Dog is a series of children's books. It was written by Norman Bridwell.

Clifford the Big Red Dog may also refer to:



Bhairab Bahadur Singh

Bhairab Bahadur Singh is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Nepal's House of Representatives and represents Bajhang-1, Province No. 7. He belongs to the Communist Party of Nepal. He is member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Česlovas Stankevičius

Česlovas Vytautas Stankevičius (born 27 February 1937) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990, he was one of the signers of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was the Minister of Defence between 1996 to 2000. During that same time, he was a member of Seimas. He was born in Vilkaviškis District Municipality, Lithuania.

Brett Zuijdwegt

Brett Zuijdwegt (born 15 February 1999) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Bronius Kuzmickas

Bronius Kuzmickas (10 November 1935 – 6 November 2023) was a Lithuanian politician and philosopher. In 1990, he was one of the signers of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was born in Šilavotas, Lithuania and educated in Kaunas. Then he went to Vilnius University and the Institute of Philosophy of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in Moscow. From 1966 he taught philosophy, mostly in the Lithuanian Cultural Research Institute. Then he taught philosophy at Klaipėda University

From 1990 to 1992 and 1996-2000 he was a member of the Seimas.

José Diéguez Reboredo

José Diéguez Reboredo (25 April 1934 – 18 July 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest. He was the bishop of Osma-Soria from 1984 to 1987. He also was the Bishop of Orense from 1987 to 1996. He also was the Bishop of Tui-Vigo from 1996 to 2010. Diéguez Reboredo was born in Touro, Spain.

Diéguez Reboredo died on 18 July 2022 at a hospital in Santiago de Compostela, Spain from problems caused by a stroke at the age of 88.

Sanne van der Werff

Sanne van der Werff (born 11 March 1998) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

Van der Werff is a player of the national team since 2021. With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Dani (singer)

Danièle Graule (1 October 1944 – 18 July 2022), known as Dani, was a French actress, model and pop singer. She was born in Castres, France. Her career began in 1966. She was known for her movie roles in "Day for Night" (1973), "Les Anneaux de Bicêtre" (1976), "Love on the Run" (1979), "Story of Women" (1988), "Avenue Montaigne" (2006) and "Guy" (2018).

Dani was meant to have been France's Eurovision 1974 entry with the song "La Vie à 25 ans", but President Georges Pompidou died in the week of the competition, so she never formally competed at Eurovision.

Dani died on 18 July 2022 at her home in Tours, France from a heart attack, aged 77.

Ottavio Cinquanta

Ottavio Cinquanta (15 August 1938 – 18 July 2022) was an Italian sports administrator. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was the President of the International Skating Union from 1994 to 2016. He also was a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1996 to 2008.

Cinquanta died on 18 July 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 83.

Egidio Caporello

Egidio Caporello (8 June 1931 – 18 July 2022) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1955. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mantua, Italy, from 1986 until his retirement in 2007. Caporello was born in Padua, Italy.

Caporello died on 18 July 2022 at his home in Mantua, Italy from pneumonia caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 91.

Touro, Spain

Touro is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña. It is in the autonomous community of Galicia. It had a population of 4,082 people in 2011.

Daan Preuninger

Daan Preuninger (born 15 March 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of Fortuna and the Netherlands national korfball team.

Preuninger became a player on the national team in 2018. He won in his first year the European title at the European Championships. With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Margaret Alva

Margaret Alva (née Nazareth; born 14 April 1942) is an Indian politician. Alva was the 17th Governor of Goa, 23rd Governor of Gujarat, 20th Governor of Rajasthan and 4th Governor of Uttarakhand.

In July 2022, the United Progressive Alliance nominated her as its vice presidential nominee in the 2022 election. She lost the election to Jagdeep Dhankhar the following month.

Running Up That Hill

"Running Up That Hill" is a song by English singer-songwriter Kate Bush from her fifth studio album, "Hounds of Love" (1985). 

When it was released, "Running Up That Hill" reached number three on the UK Singles Chart and number 30 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. 

The song was the main theme song for the 1986 BBC 1 children's drama serial, "Running Scared". In 2012, a remix of this song premiered during that year's Olympic closing ceremony.

In 2022, "Running Up That Hill" became popular again when it was heard in the fourth season of the Netflix series "Stranger Things". This made the song the top five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topping the charts in eight countries.

Jelmer Jonker

Jelmer Jonker (born 23 September 1993) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Amresh Kumar Singh

Amresh Kumar Singh is a Nepalese politician from the Nepali Congress who was elected to the House of Representatives from Sarlahi 4. In 2014, he was elected to the Nepalese Constituent Assembly from Sarlahi 6.

Aman Lal Modi

Aman Lal Modi (born 21 September, 1985) is a Nepalese politician and social worker who represents Morang 4 in the House of Representatives. He was also a member of the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly, having been elected from the Unified CPN (Maoist) party.

Birodh Khatiwada

Birodh Khatiwada is a Nepalese politician. 
He is former health minister and a member of the Makwanpur 2 constituency in the House of Representatives. He is also a member of the CPN (Unified Socialist).

Bishal Bhattarai

Bishal Bhattarai (born April 4, 1969 in Khotang, Nepal) is a Nepalese politician who now serves as the Nepal Communist Party's Chief Whip (UML). He was elected to the Nepalese House of Representatives representing Khotang. He is also a member of the CPN UML. In 2065 BS, he was elected to the Constituent Assembly for the first time from Khotang-2.

Ruddy duck

The ruddy duck ("Oxyura jamaicensis") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Nawaraj Silwal

Nawaraj Silwal is a Nepalese politician who served as the Director General of Nepal Police before being elected to the Nepal House of Representatives from Lalitpur-1, Province No. 3. He belongs to the CPN UML.

Narad Muni Rana

Narad Muni Rana is a Nepalese politician who formerly served as Minister of Forests and Environment. He was a Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) representing the Kailali-5 constituency. He is a member of the Nepal Communist Party (UML).

Krishna Prasad Dahal

Krishna Prasad Dahal is a Nepalese politician. He was elected to the Nepal House of Representatives representing Makwanpur-1, Province No. 3. He is a member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Krishna Lal Maharjan

Krishna Lal Maharjan (born December 15, 1954) is a Nepalese politician who serves as the Member Of The House Of Representatives (Nepal). He was elected from Lalitpur-2, Province No. 3. He is a member of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Socialist).

Jhapat Bahadur Rawal

Jhapat Bahadur Rawal is a Nepalese politician. He represents Kailali 2 (constituency) in the House of Representatives. He is also a member of the CPN's Central Committee (UML).

Hanneke Oosterwegel

Hanneke Oosterwegel (born 10 December 1996) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specialized in the 400 metres. She is a member of and represents the Netherlands at international competitions.

As a junior Oosterwegel qualified for the 2017 European Athletics U23 Championships in the 400 metres hurdles event. However, at the last moment she couldn’t start. Oosterwegel was selected to became 2017 Deventer sportswoman of the year.

Oosterwegel won at the 2021 Dutch Athletics Championships the bronze medal in the 400 metres event. Due to this unsuspected result she became at the last moment a member of the Olympic national relay team, being a reserve runner at the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics for the women's 4 × 400 metres relay event and mixed 4 × 400 metres relay event. Her sister Emma Oosterwegel competed at these Olympics in the heptathlon event and won the bronze medal.

Oosterwegel became national champion at the 2022 Dutch Athletics Championships in the 400 metres. She was a member of the relay team at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 4 × 400 metres relay event.

Oosterwegel was born on 10 December 1996. Her two year younger sister is heptathlete Emma Oosterwegel and member of the same athletics club . Their father is chairman of the athletics club. Her sister Emma was also a member of the national delegation at both the 2020 Summer Olympics and 2022 World Athletics Championships.

As of 2017 she studied chemistry in the United States, where she combined her studies and being an elite athlete.

Hari Raj Adhikari

Hari Raj Adhikari is a Nepalese politician. He was elected to the Nepal House of Representatives representing Gorkha-1, Province No. 4. He belongs to the Nepal Communist Party.

Gopal Bahadur Bam

Gopal Bahadur Bam is a Nepalese Politician. He is serving as the Member Of The House Of Representatives and was elected from Mugu-1, Province No. 6. He is a member of the CPN (Unified Socialist).

Gokul Prasad Baskota

Gokul Prasad Baskota is a Nepalese politician and former Minister of Communication and Information Technology. He served as Minister of Communication and Information Technology of Nepal. He is a Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) elected from Kavrepalanchok-2, Province No. 3.

Achim

Achim is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is 16 km southeast of Bremen. The population in 2020 was about 32,000. It is on the right side of the Weser river.

In the past the town has been part of various Duke's territories. The town was a location of Saxon courts in the 11th century. Danes, Swedes and French have controlled the region. In the 19th century, the town became part of the Kingdom of Hanover.

Adenau

Adenau is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is located within High Eifel. The population in 2020 was about 3,000. There is a volcano east of the town. A rock festival Rock am Ring is held each year. In the Middle Ages, Order of Saint John was located in the town. This was a German Protestant group of knights. The town is also called "Johanniterstadt."

Adorf

Adorf is a small town in Saxony, Germany. It is within Vogtlandkreis and in the southeast of Saxony. The town is found within the Elstergebirge. In 2020, the population was about 5,000. The rivers White Elster and Schwarzbach meet at Adorf.

Ahaus

Ahaus is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is near the border to Netherlands. In 2020, the population was about 39,400. It is a storage site for used radioactive material.

Ahlen

Ahlen is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is southeast of Münster. It is within the District of Warendorf. The center of the town was originally a church court and the town was well fortified with walls. Merchants and craftsmen lived there. There were plagues and witch hunts in the Middle Ages. In 2020, the population was 52,600. The town votes mainly CDU and SPD.

Ahrensburg

Ahrensburg is a town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is within the district of Stormarn. It is northeast of Hamburg and part of Hamburg Metropolitan Region. "Schloss Ahrensburg" is a renaissance castle. The town is important part of Ahrensberg Culture. Archaeologist research these nomadic hunter groups (c. 12,900 to 11,700 BP). There were monasteries in the town in the Middle Ages. It has been part of Denmark and Prussia. The population in 2020 was about 34,000. The political party is mostly SPD.

Icehouse (band)

Icehouse is an Australian rock band from Sydney. It was formed in 1977 by Iva Davies as Flowers. 

In 1978, the group became popular due to its musical quality and its magnificent versions of groups or artists.

In 1980, they signed to the independent label Regular Records, where they released their first single, "Can't Help Myself" in May. The song entered the Top 10 in Australia. In October, Flowers released their first album, titled Icehouse.

In 1981, Flowers changed their name to Icehouse due to legal restrictions and confusion with a Scottish group of the same name. 

Penn's Landing

Penn's Landing is an area of Center City Philadelphia. It is right along the Delaware River. The Penn's Landing contains parks such as Spruce Street Harbor Park and Blue Cross RiverRink Winterfest and Summerfest. There are several summer events at The Great Plaza. There are museums connected to the historic ships. The submarine USS "Becuna" and the Spanish–American War-era cruiser USS "Olympia" (C-6) are part of the Independence Seaport Museum. There is a Vietnam Veterans Memorial and Korean War Memorial at Penn's Landing.

Eszterháza

Esterháza is a palace in Fertőd, Hungary. It was built by Prince Nikolaus Esterházy. It is called "Hungary's Versailles". Joseph Haydn worked and performed concerts in the palace. He wrote and performed symphonies and operas.

Víctor Rodríguez Andrade

Víctor Pablo Rodríguez Andrade (2 May 1927 – 19 May 1985) was an Uruguayan footballer. He was the right halfback and left halfback of the Uruguayan national team that won the 1950 World Cup tournament, after defeating Brazil in the decisive match. He was the nephew of another Uruguayan international player, José Andrade, who was also a World Cup winner, having played for the Uruguay squad that won the first ever edition in 1930. Rodríguez Andrade also played at the 1954 World Cup and won the 1956 South American Championship with Uruguay, and at the club level, he won two Uruguayan First Division titles with C.A. Peñarol. He was known for his pace, versatility, speed, great pressure, tough tackling, dribbling, long range shots, long and short passes and his stamina. He is regarded as one of the finest midfielders ever, and he was widely considered to be one of the world's greatest halfbacks in the 1950s.

Born in the "Barrio Sur" of Montevideo, Víctor Rodríguez came to the world into a family that proudly revered the name of his uncle, José Andrade. His admiration for his uncle and the naming customs made him use both last names; he drew comparisons with "The Black Marvel", not only because he was his relative, but also because they both played on the wing (although Andrade played in the right flank). Thus, the name Rodríguez Andrade would universally remain used when referring to the left midfielder, and sometimes he is even referred to simply as Andrade.

Growing up, Víctor Rodríguez Andrade played on the streets of Barrio Sur and Palermo. He began his football career at Central, a club in the latter district. During his period in this club, he honors his first cape in the national team, in 1947, and is one of the emblematic figures of the Palermitanos. Víctor Rodríguez remained at Central until 1952, when he joined Peñarol, with whom he won the Uruguayan championship in 1953 and 1954.

Andrade made his debut on December 2, 1947 to his last match for the Celeste on June 5, 1957. He earned 42 caps for the Celeste called national team of his home country and he scored once. He took part in the 1950 and 1954 World Cups. He celebrated the greatest success of his career by winning the world championship title in 1950, He was known for his performance at that tournament, his defensive duties included the marking of Zizinho, a task he was successful at until the beginning of the second half, when Ademir assisted Friaça, who scored the 1–0. However, Rodríguez Andrade later recounts that he saw the linesman raise his flag during the game, appearing to indicate an offside position for Brazilian striker. In the moment, the Uruguayan lets slip Friaça towards a face to face with the goalkeeper Roque Máspoli. After the opener, Rodríguez confided to his captain Varela: “There was offside, Jacinto”. Then, in a key moment of the match, the captain, with the ball under his arm, protested for a few moments to the referee. The goal remains validated, but Varela cooled the enthusiasm of the Brazilians and silenced the crowd. Uruguay rallied, with Juan Alberto Schiaffino scoring the equalizer and Alcides Ghiggia the winner, to plunge an entire country into disarray known as the Maracanaço and he was included in the All-Star Team. Four years later, in Switzerland, the World Cup attraction is the Hungarian team. In the first round, the "golden team" scores 17 goals in its first two victories. Meanwhile, Uruguay won against Czechoslovakia and Scotland 2–0 and 7–0 respectively, to triumph in their group. In the second round, Celeste beat England 4–2, while Hungary overcame Brazilon the same score. The reigning world champions and favorites meet in the semi-finals, and in a memorable match, it takes the Magyars 120 minutes to hand Uruguay their first ever World Cup defeat. Just like in 1950, Rodríguez Andrade played every match in Tournament and put on a good performance in his last World Cup appearance, even though he had to play much of the game with a pulled muscle. 

After a first appearance in 1947 where he entered twice as a replacement for Schubert Gambetta for his first two international selections, Rodríguez Andrade contested the 1955 edition of the South American Championship and suffered the humiliation of Ángel Labruna's Argentina after a stormy end to the match (1–6). Montevideo hosted the event the following year, and veteran Andrade, the sole survivor of the 1950 Worlds runners-up team, led the Charrúas to a ninth continental title. They defeat Argentina from Ángel Labruna and Omar Sívori in the last match, which, like six years earlier in Brazil, is not a final but serves as a decisive match. Víctor Rodríguez Andrade thus becomes – with William Martínez and Obdulio Varela – one of the three Uruguayan players of his generation to win the World Cup and the South American Championship. He was also a member of the Uruguayan team that emerged victorious from the 1956 South American Championship. Previously, he had already been able to add participation in the 1947 and 1953 Copa América to his success statistics. His last international match was a 1–1 draw with Argentina on June 5, 1957.

After finishing his football career, he resided in Montevideo for the rest of his life. He worked as a doorman at the Legislative Palace of Uruguay for about twenty years, and at the same time participated in the foundation of the basketball team 25 de Agosto affiliated with the Uruguayan federation. Víctor Rodríguez Andrade died on May 19, 1985, at the age of 58 due heart infection and he was buried days later at Cementerio del Cerro, Montevideo. and a month after his death Senator Luis Hierro Gambardella pays tribute to him in a speech during a session of Congress.

Peñarol

Uruguay

Individual

Driving the Last Spike

"Driving the Last Spike" is the third track from the 1991 album We Can't Dance. It was never released as a single but went to number 51 in Canada.

You Can't Win 'Em All

You Can't Win 'Em All is a 1970 American British war adventure movie directed by Peter Collinston and starring Tony Curtis, Charles Bronson, Michèle Mercier, Grégoire Aslan, Fikret Hakan, Patrick Magee, Tony Bonner, Patrick O'Connell, Leo Gordon. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Turn It On Again

"Turn It On Again" is a 1980 song by Genesis and from their album Duke. It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 8 in Italy.

The Marfa Tapes

The Marfa Tapes is a collaborative studio album by American country artists Miranda Lambert, Jack Ingram and Jon Randall, released on May 7, 2021 through RCA Nashville. It is Randall's fourth, Lambert's eighth, and Ingram's eleventh studio album.

Jon Randall

Jon Randall is an American country music singer.


Zambia national rugby union team

The Zambia national rugby union team is a third tier rugby team from Zambia. They have yet to feature at the Rugby World Cup. They are ranked 69th in the world as of July 2022.

Wow (Kate Bush song)

"Wow" is a song English singer and songwriter Kate Bush. It is the second single from her second album Lionheart and peaked inside the top 20 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.

2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The FIFA U-17 World Cup 2003 was a tournament. It was the tenth version of the tournament. It was in the cities of Helsinki, Tampere, Lahti, and Turku in Finland. The tournaments were between 13 August and 30 August 2003. Players born after 1 January 1986 could join this tournament.
The tournament was played in four cities in Finland: Helsinki, Turku, Tampere and Lahti.

For a list of the squads see "2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship squads"

"All times are local (EEST/UTC+3)"

Note: Second place was determined by drawing of lots


The Big Man

The Big Man () is a 1908 Russian silent drama movie. It was directed by Alexander Drankov. The movie is a screen version of the play "The Big Man" performed by artists of the St. Petersburg People's House.

The Marriage of Krechinsky

The Marriage of Krechinsky () is a 1908 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Alexander Drankov. It stars Vladimir Davydov, V. Garlin, and A. Novinsky. The movie is a screen version of a series of scenes from the comedy Krechinsky's Wedding by Aleksandr Sukhovo-Kobylin.


16th Century Russian Wedding

16th Century Russian Wedding () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Aleksandra Goncharova, Vasili Stepanov, and Andrey Gromov.


Boyarin Orsha (movie)

Boyarin Orsha () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Andrey Gromov, Pyotr Chardynin, and Aleksandra Goncharova.


Dead Souls (1909 movie)

Dead Souls () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Ivan Kamsky, Vasili Stepanov, and Antonina Pozharskaya. The movie is based on the novel "Dead Souls" by Nikolay Gogol.


The Death of Ivan the Terrible (movie)

The Death of Ivan the Terrible () is a 1909 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars A. Slavin, Yelizaveta Uvarova, and S. Tarasov. The movie is based on plays by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy.


Drama in Moscow

Drama in Moscow () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Pyotr Chardynin and Aleksandra Goncharova.

The Fountain of Bakhchisaray (movie)

The Fountain of Bakhchisaray () is a 1909 Russian silent movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Vladimir Shaternikov, Maria Korolyova, and E. Uvarova.


Mazeppa (1909 movie)

Mazeppa () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Vasili Stepanov, Andrey Gromov, and Raisa Reyzen.


Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov

Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov () is a 1909 Russian silent movie directed by Vasily Goncharov. It stars Pyotr Chardynin, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov.


Taras Bulba (1909 movie)

Taras Bulba () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Aleksandr Drankov. It stars Anisim Suslov, L. Manko, and D. Chernovskaya.

Peter the Great (1910 movie)

Peter the Great () is a 1910 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov and Kai Hansen. It stars Pyotr Voinov, Ye. Trubetskaya, and A. Gorbachevskiy. The movie shows the main events in the life of Peter the Great.


830s

The 830s was a decade that started on 1 January 830 and ended on 31 December 839.


Kemi Nelson

In the 1980s, Kemi Nelson joined the now no longer in use National Republican Convention (NRC )during the period of General Ibrahim Babangida. She was the senatorial candidate (House Of Senate) for the Lagos West senatorial district in 1992 and was won over at the polls by Bola Ahmed Tinubu. In 1998, during the period of General Abacha, she contested the Ikeja Federal Constituency in the House of Assembly, this time, as a member of UNCP. She won the election but it was cut short by the death of General Abacha. In 1999, she joined Alliance for Democracy (AD) and from 1999-2003, she served as the Lagos State Commissioner for Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation during the period of Ahmed Tinubu and has served as the Women Leader of Lagos State Chapter of The Progressive Congress (APC) and was later made the South West Women Leader of APC. She was the only female serving member of the Lagos State Governor's Advisory Council. She was the Executive Director of Operations of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund and beforehand headed the Ministry of Establishment, Training and Job Creation.

She died on 17 July 2022.

Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo

The Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo () is a human rights organization with the goal of finding the children stolen and illegally adopted during the military dictatorship in Argentina from 1976 to 1983. The president is Estela Barnes de Carlotto.

The organization was founded in 1977. It was believed that at the time it was likely that around 30,000 had disappeared between the ages of 16-35; around 30% were women and of those women, around 3% were pregnant. About 500 children were found and re-united with their families because of this oragnization.

Patrick Michaels

Patrick J. Michaels (February 15, 1950 – July 16, 2022) was an American agricultural climatologist. Michaels was a senior fellow in environmental studies at the Cato Institute until 2019. Until 2007, he was research professor of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia, where he had worked from 1980. He was born in Berwyn, Illinois. He was a well known climate change denier.

Michaels died on July 16, 2022 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 72.

Marshmello

Marshmello is an electronic music producer and DJ. His songs "Silence", "Wolves", "Friends", "Happier", and "Alone" reached the Top 30 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. They have been certified as multi-platinum in several countries. Marshmello has over 55 million subscribers on YouTube because of his unique work. He was born on May 19th, 1992. His real name is Christopher Comstock. Marshmello hides his identity because he wants to hide from fame.

Marshmello is concluded the richest DJ in the world. His net worth is 40 million.

Marshmello How he became famous the movie cast and track list 

Cast

Track list

Michael Henderson

Michael Henderson (July 7, 1951 – July 19, 2022) was an American bass guitarist and singer-songwriter. He was known for his work with Miles Davis in the early 1970s. He was also known for his fusion albums such as "Jack Johnson", "Live-Evil", and "Agharta". 

Henderson died on July 19, 2022 in Atlanta, Georgia, two weeks after his 71st birthday.

Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Meltdown

Diary of the Wimpy Kid Meltdown was written by Jeff Kinney. It was the 13th book in the diary of a Wimpy Kid series. It was published on October 30 2018. The story takes place soon after the events of "The Getaway", in the winter and is about a snowball fight in main character 

Greg Heffley's neighborhood. "The Meltdown" was advertised through a live book tour by Kinney. Upon release, the novel sold several hundred thousand copies and received positive reviews from critics.

Xavier Amorós Solà

Xavier Amorós Solà (7 April 1923 – 18 July 2022) was a Catalan politician and writer. He was a member of the Senate of Spain from 1986 to 1992. He was born in Reus, Spain. In 2004, he was honored with the Creu de Sant Jordi.

Solà died on 18 July 2022 in Reus at the age of 99.

Akylbek Japarov

Japarov Üsönbek uulu Aqılbek (; born 14 September 1964) is a Kyrgyz politician. He is the Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Kyrgyzstan since 12 October 2021. 

Dieter Wedel

Dieter Karl Cäsar Wedel (12 November 1939 – 13 July 2022) was a German television director. He was thought to be one of Germany's best-known television directors. He also was the artistic director of the Nibelung Festival. His career began in 1966 and he retired in 2018. Wedel was born in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

In January 2018, Wedel was accused of sexual harassment by multiple actresses that he had worked with.

Wedel died on 13 July 2022 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 82.

Alijó

Alijó () is a city in the Norte Region of Portugal. It is in the district of Vila Real. The population in 2011 was 11,942.

Dangerous Minds (soundtrack)

Dangerous Minds: Music from the Motion Picture is the official soundtrack to the 1995 movie "Dangerous Minds". The album reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. It was certified triple platinum by the RIAA. The album contains 4 singles: Gangsta's Paradise, Feel the Funk, Curiosity, and Gin & Juice. "Gangsta's Paradise", performed by Coolio, won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.
Information taken from Allmusic.

Hidden Agenda (2001 movie)

Hidden Agenda is a 2001 Canadian action thriller movie directed by Marc S. Grenier and starring Dolph Lundgren, Maxim Roy, Ted Whittall, Serge Houde, Francis X. McCarthy, Harry Standjofski, Bruce Boa.


Tallinnfilm

Tallinnfilm is an Estonian film studio of feature, documentary and animated films located in Tallinn.

On June 9, 1931, the studio "Eesti Kultuurfilm" was founded. On March 6, 1936, it was granted the status of a state institution. After the Soviet occupation of Estonia, on January 9, 1941, the film studio "Tallinn Kinostuudio" was created, which was merged with the nationalized "Eesti Kultuurfilm". Initially, it worked as a studio for chronicling and documentary films. It did not function during the Second World War, the chronicle was produced on the basis of "Lenfilm" and "Mosfilm".

In 1944, the studio resumed its activities, and in 1954 it began producing feature films. Animated and popular science films were also shown. It received the name "Tallinnfilm" in 1963.

The last documentary produced by Tallinnfilm was dated January 1, 1998. After that, the production of films stopped, the studio buildings and pavilions and props were sold off.

At the beginning of the 21st century, Tallinnfilm, known to the general public for its historical film collection.

Laurens Leeuwenhoek

Laurens Leeuwenhoek (born 7 December 1990) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

In 2019 he scored his 1000th Korfbal League goal and became .

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. He was at the 2022 World Games the flag barear of the Dutch team and the captain of the Dutch korfball team.



A2Z Iloilo

DYZA-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z, owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Iloilo City.


UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)




DYNZ-DTV

DYNZ-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial digital television station of Philippine television network A2Z, owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Mt. Busay, Babag 1, Cebu City.


UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)



DXEV-DTV

DXEV-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z. It is owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Cagayan de Oro.


UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)



Alwin Out

Alwin Out (born 27 December 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of Koog Zaandijk and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

Out was top-scorer with Koog Zaandijk in 2019.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

DXEX-DTV

DXEX-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z. It is owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Davao City.

UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)




2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup was a tournament. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament. It was in the cities of Lima, Trujillo, Chiclayo, Piura and Iquitos in Peru. The tournaments were between 16 September and 2 October 2005. Players born after 1 January 1988 could join this tournament. Mexico beat favorite Brazil by 3–0 in the final, making it the first U-17 Championship for Mexico.


For a list of the squads see "2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship squads"

Carlos Vela of Mexico won the Golden Shoe award for scoring five goals.

Harjan Visscher

Harjan Visscher (born 26 February 1997) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of LDODK (since May 2022) and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Visscher has a relationship with korfball player Marieke Klaver.



Citrus australasica

Citrus australasica, the Australian finger lime or caviar lime, is a small tree of lowland subtropical rainforest and rainforest in the coastal border region of Queensland and New South Wales, Australia. It has fruits which are developed as a commercial crop.

1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The FIFA U-17 World Championship 1999 was the eighth edition of the tournament. It was in the cities of Auckland, Christchurch, Napier, and Dunedin in New Zealand. The tournaments were between 10 November and 27 November 1999. Players born after 1 January 1982 could join this tournament. This was the first FIFA tournament held in the Pacific Islands.

New Zealand's capital city Wellington was not allocated any matches as the city's only venue at the time - Athletic Park - was not deemed adequate by FIFA as a match venue.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

Ishmael Addo of Ghana won the Golden Shoe award for scoring seven goals. In total, 93 goals were scored by 59 different players, with two of them credited as own goals.






Terrenc Griemink

Terrenc Griemink (born 6 March 1997) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of KV Groen Geel and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

Griemink became a member of the national team in July 2021. With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Chadia Arab

Chadia Arab (born July 13, 1977 in Angers) is a Franco-Moroccan geographer, CNRS researcher and specialist in international migration. His research focuses on Moroccan migrations in Europe and in the Gulf countries.

Chadia Arab, born in Angers to Moroccan parents who came to France in the 1960s, studied at the Jules Verne elementary school at La Roseraie. She attended the Jean Vilar college and the Chevrollier high school, where she passed a Bac ES. In 1996, she began a bachelor's degree in geography at Belle-Beille and obtained her master's degree at the University of Angers with the specialty "territorial planning geography" in 2000. In 2001, she obtained the diploma of advanced studies from the University of Poitiers in the specialty “international migrations and interethnic relations”. In 2007, she defended her thesis on the Aït Ayad in Europe. After obtaining the CNRS competition, she is a teacher-researcher in the ESO laboratory (Spaces and Societies) at the University of Angers. She supports her authorization to direct research in 2021. She is a member of the editorial board of Migrations Société, and co-director of a collection at the University Press of Rennes.

From 2014 to 2020, she was a municipal councilor at the town hall of Angers.

Pantaleon Hebenstreit

Pantaleon Hebenstreit (27 November 1668 15 November 1750) was a German violinist, dulcimer player, and composer. 

He was born in Eisleben. He ran away to Merseburg because he had a lot of debt. He invented a large dulcimer. It is a musical instrument that can play different dynamics. He played the instrument in Leipzig, Berlin, and Paris. He played the instrument in front of King Louis XIV. The king asked that the instrument be called the "pantaleon".

He was given a job in Weißenfels in 1705. In 1707, he moved to Eisenach. He became a dancing master in Eisenach. He also played the violin with Georg Philipp Telemann. Telemann played concertos for two violins with him. Hebenstreit hired musicians from Weißenfels to work in Eisenach.

He moved to Dresden in 1714. He joined the Dresden court's orchestra. He stopped playing the pantaleon in 1733. His eyesight became worse. He died in Dresden on 15 November 1750, aged 81.

Common grackle

The common grackle ("Quiscalus quiscula") is a bird in the Icteridae family.

KRS-One

Lawrence "Kris" Parker (born August 20, 1965), better known by his stage names KRS-One and Teacha, is an American rapper, lyricist, and producer. He received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2008 BET Awards for his work in the Stop the Violence Movement. In 1987, he formed the group Boogie Down Productions. 

His stage name (KRS-One) stands for Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everyone. 

The Queen of Spades (1910 movie)

The Queen of Spades () is a 1910 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Pavel Biryukov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Antonina Pozharskaya. The movie is based on the 1834 short story "The Queen of Spades" by Alexander Pushkin.


The Water Nymph (1910 movie)

The Water Nymph () is a 1910 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Vasili Stepanov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov. The movie is based on the play The Water Nymph by Alexander Pushkin.


Defence of Sevastopol

Defence of Sevastopol () is a 1911 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov and Aleksandr Khanzhonkov. It stars A. Bibikov, Pavel Biryukov, and B. Borisov.


Eugene Onegin (1911 movie)

Eugene Onegin () is a 1911 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Lyubov Varyagina, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Pyotr Chardynin. The movie is based on the 1825-1832 poem Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin.


List of Solar System objects most distant from the Sun

These Solar System minor planets are the farthest from the Sun . 

This is a list of known objects at heliocentric distances of more than 65 AU. In theory, the Oort Cloud could extend over from the Sun.

<noinclude>

Osteocephalus heyeri

Osteocephalus heyeri is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Colombia, Brazil, and Peru in the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it between 380 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Yarrow (disambiguation)

Yarrow ("Achillea millefolium") is a plant in the family Asteraceae.

Yarrow may also refer to:






List of German dishes

This is a list of German foods and dishes. It includes foods that are eaten in Germany and known to be unique to Germany. Some foods are eaten throughout Germany and there are other foods specific to certain German states and regions. The list is not a complete one and should be added to.




Natural Resources Conservation Service

Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) that provides subject help to farmers and private property owners and managers. The NCRS employs over 11,500 professionals.


Margarete Furchheim

Margarete Furchheim (born 4 July 1900) was a German track and field athlete who was active between 1918 and 1925. She was a member of athletics club TV Jahn München.

Furchheim competed in athletics from 1918.
In 1922 Furchheim became national champion at the in the long jump event with a jump of 5.28 metres.

She competed at the 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition, one of the earliest international women’s athletic competition and the first women’s 100 metres international race in the Netherlands. After winning easily her semi-final, Furchheim won the 100 metres final ahead of among others the Dutch national champion and record holder in the 80 metres Annie van de Blankevoort.

At the 1923 there were for the first time women’s competitions held. Furchheim won the nineathlon. The big medal she won is being exposed.

The last competitions of Furchheim were in 1925, including winning the 60 metres in Halle.


Gasconade, Missouri

Gasconade is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Morrison, Missouri

Morrison is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Owensville, Missouri

Owensville is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Rosebud, Missouri

Rosebud is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Darlington, Missouri

Darlington is a village in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

King City, Missouri

King City is a city in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

McFall, Missouri

McFall is a city in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

Stanberry, Missouri

Stanberry is a city in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

Square-free integer

A square-free integer is a number which is not divisible by any square numbers other than 1. In other words, each prime number that appears in its prime factorization appears exactly once.

For example, formula_1 is square-free. However, formula_2 is not square-free: it is divisible by formula_3, and the power of formula_4 in the prime factorization is to a power larger than one.

The Möbius function is a function which takes in natural numbers and is usually written as formula_5. The value of formula_5 depends on whether or not formula_7 is square-free. Specifically,

For example, formula_9 is square-free with an 2 prime factors, so formula_10. Since formula_2 is not square-free, then formula_12.

Since formula_13 is prime, it is its own prime decomposition. That is, the prime factorization of formula_13 has 1 prime factor, so formula_15.

Sable antelope

The sable antelope ("Hippotragus niger") is an antelope. It lives in wooded savanna in East and Southern Africa.


Joe Murray (animator)

Joseph David Murray (born May 3, 1961) is an American animator, writer, illustrator, producer, director, and voice actor.

1812 (1912 movie)

1812 () is a 1912 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov, Kai Hansen and Aleksandr Uralsky. It stars Vasili Goncharov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov.

The Beautiful Leukanida

The Beautiful Leukanida () is a 1912 Russian animated movie directed by Władysław Starewicz.

The Cameraman's Revenge

The Cameraman's Revenge () is a 1912 Russian animated movie directed by Ladislas Starevich.

Departure of a Grand Old Man

Departure of a Grand Old Man () is a 1912 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov and Elizaveta Thiman. It stars Olga Petrova, Vladimir Shaternikov, and Leo Tolstoy.


The Grasshopper and the Ant (1913 movie)

The Grasshopper and the Ant () is a 1913 Russian animated movie directed by Ladislas Starevich. The movie is based on a fable by I. Krylov.

The Night Before Christmas (1913 movie)

The Night Before Christmas () is a 1913 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Ladislas Starevich. It stars Ivan Mozzhukhin, Olga Obolenskaya, and Lidiya Tridenskaya. The movie is based on the 1832 tale of the same name by Nikolai Gogol.


The Little House in Kolomna

The Little House in Kolomna () is a 1913 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Praskovya Maksimova, Sofya Goslavskaya, and Ivan Mozzhukhin. The movie is based on the 1830 poem The Little House in Kolomna by Alexander Pushkin.

Twilight of a Woman's Soul

Twilight of a Woman's Soul () is a 1913 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Nina Chernova, A. Ugryumov, and V. Demert.


Uncle's Apartment

Uncle's Apartment () is a 1913 Russian silent movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Dora Citorena, Andrey Gromov, and Aleksandr Kheruvimov.

Anna Karenina (1914 movie)

Anna Karenina () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Maria Germanova, Vladimir Shaternikov, and Mikhail Tamarov. The movie is based on the 1877 novel by Leo Tolstoy.


Veolia

Veolia Environnement S.A., branded as Veolia, is a French multinational corporation. It is headquartered in Paris. Veolia operates in four main areas of the full-cycle economy: water supply and water treatment (for both municipal and industrial customers), public services (including cleaning and waste disposal), energy (power supply, microclimate support, installation and maintenance of energy and heating equipment), transport services (airport maintenance, management of rail transport and urban public transport).

In 1853, by imperial decree, the "Compagnie Générale des Eaux" (CGE) was created, which was engaged in the irrigation of fields and the supply of water to cities and villages (the first contract was the supply of Lyon, in 1860 the company received a concession for the supply of water in Paris). In 1867, a street cleaning company was founded in Nantes, and in 1870, another rag and paper collection company opened in Rouen and Chaun (both firms merged with CGE in 1980 and 1990, respectively). In 1875, the Compagnie Générale Française de Tramways (CGFT) was founded, which operated the tramways in Le Havre, Nancy and Marseille (it also merged with the CGE in 1980). In 1880, CGE entered the market of Venice, in 1882 - in Istanbul, in 1883 - in Porto, in 1884 - in Reims.

In December 2016, CDC finally bought 20% shares from Veolia. As a result, Veolia's share on the company reduced to 30%. This was sold in January 2019, marking Veolia's exit from the transport sector.

A Nest of Noblemen

A Nest of Noblemen () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Olga Preobrazhenskaya, Lyudmila Sychova, and Mikhail Tamarov. This movie is a film adaptation of the eponymous novel by Ivan Turgenev.

Chrysanthemums (movie)

Chrysanthemums () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Vera Karalli, Ivan Mozzhukhin, and Raisa Reyzen.


Ramón del Valle-Inclán

Ramón María del Valle-Inclán y de la Peña (in Vilanova de Arousa, Galicia, Spain, 28 October 1866 – Santiago de Compostela, 5 January 1936) was a Spanish dramatist, novelist and member of the Spanish Generation of 98.

The works of the first period (before 1905–1906) are close to Spanish modernism. The second period (until 1919–1920) is the time of historical novels, dramas about the Spanish "depth" and the Spanish character. The works of the third period include esperpento ("horror stories") for the puppet theater, the novel-pamphlet "Tyrant Banderas" (1926), a series of novels about the Spanish history of the second half of the 19th century, — farce and grotesque rule.

Drama in the Futurists' Cabaret No. 13

Drama in the Futurists' Cabaret No. 13 () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Kasyanov. It stars Vsevolod Maksimovich, David Burliuk, and Vladimir Burliuk.

The Girl from the Street

The Girl from the Street () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Elena P. Smirnova, Nina Kozlyaninova, and Mikhail Salarov.


Glory to Us, Death to the Enemy

Glory to Us, Death to the Enemy () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Ivan Mozzhukhin and Dora Tschitorina.


Silent Witnesses

Silent Witnesses () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Aleksandr Chargonin, Aleksandr Kheruvimov, and Dora Chitorina.


After Death (1915 movie)

After Death () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Vitold Polonsky, Olga Rakhmanova, and Vera Karalli.


Amberscript

Amberscript is a SaaS software company based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Amberscript`s technology allows converting audio or video files to subtitles or text.

The company was founded in December 2017 in Amsterdam by Peter-Paul de Leeuw, Thomas Dieste, and Timo Behrens.

The first product was a speech-to-text in Dutch, an online tool that converts audio into an editable text file.

In late 2018, the company made manual transcription and subtitling services available.

In November 2020, Amberscript launched live captions with the state parliament of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

Regina Daniels

Regina Daniels (born October 10, 2000) is a Nigerian actress and a film producer. she is a business woman and a Serial Entrepreneur.

Regina Daniels was born on the 10th of october 2000, in Lagos Nigeria. She is a Nollywood film actress and a model.

Correos

Sociedad Estatal de Correos y Telégrafos, S.A., or Correos, is the national postal service in Spain recognized by the Universal Postal Union. The company is 100% owned by the state, a state industrial holding company.

It has 63,000 employees and sends 5.4 billion emails every year. Correos is one of the largest postal services in the world. It is based in Madrid and has more than 10,000 postal centers throughout Spain.

As part of its R&D initiatives, Correos is participating in several European projects, this includes:


Children of the Age

Children of the Age () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Arseny Bibikov, V. Glinskaya, and Ivan Gorsky.


Daydreams (1915 movie)

Daydreams () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Alexandr Vyrubov, F. Werchowzewa, and Viktor Arens.


Mirages (1915 movie)

Mirages () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Arseny Bibikov, Tamara Gedevanova, and Andrey Gromov.


The 1002nd Ruse

The 1002nd Ruse () is a 1915 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Bauer. It stars Lina Bauer, S. Rassatov, and Sergei Kvasnitsky.


The Picture of Dorian Grey (1915 movie)

The Picture of Dorian Grey () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vsevolod Meyerhold. It stars Varvara Yanova, Vsevolod Meyerhold, and G. Enriton. The movie is an adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel of the same title.


The Portrait (1915 movie)

The Portrait () is a 1915 Russian silent horror movie directed by Ladislas Starevich. It stars Andrey Gromov and Ivan Lazarev.

A Life for a Life (1916 movie)

A Life for a Life () is a 1916 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Olga Rakhmanova, Lidiya Koreneva, and Vera Kholodnaya. The movie is based on the novel by Georges Ohnet.


The Queen of Spades (1916 movie)

The Queen of Spades () is a 1916 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Ivan Mosjoukine, Vera Orlova, and Yelizaveta Shebueva. The movie is an adaptation of the 1834 Aleksandr Pushkin short story of the same name.


By the Fireplace

By the Fireplace () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Vera Kholodnaya, Vladimir Maksimo, and Vitold Polonsky.


The Dying Swan (movie)

The Dying Swan () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Vera Karalli, Aleksandr Kheruvimov, and Vitold Polonsky.


The Route Is Calculated

The Route Is Calculated () is a 2016 Russian horror movie directed by Oleg Asadulin. It stars Pavel Chinaryov, Svetlana Ustinova, and Vitaliya Kornienko.


The King of Paris (1917 movie)

The King of Paris () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Vyacheslav Svoboda, Nikolai Radin, and Emma Bauer.


Kharazmi University

Kharazmi University (, "Daneshgah-e Xuarazmi") is a public research university in Iran.
The school was named after Al-Khwarizmi (c. 780–850), Persian mathematician, astronomer and geographer.
The university offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs in a many areas. 
Kharazmi University is considered as the oldest institution of higher education in Iran. It was established in 1919 as the Central Teachers' Institute and gained university status as Tarbiat Moallem University of Tehran in 1974. It changed its name to Kharazmi University on January 31, 2012.

In 2015, the University of Economic Sciences (founded in 1936) was merged into Kharazmi University as its department of management, department of financial sciences and department of economics. 
The university has two main campuses, the main campus including administration offices located in Tehran, another is in the Hesarak district of Karaj.
Kharazmi University School of Engineering won international rankings of 601-800th in 2019, 2020, and 2021. It ranked 6th and 10th in industrial incomes among Iranian universities in 2020 for Civil Engineering and Education.

Olav van Wijngaarden

Olav van Wijngaarden (born 7 September 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of Papendrechtse Korfbal Club (PKC) and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

In 2017 Van Wijngaarden broke his jaw after he was hit during nightlife in Papendrecht.

Van Wijngaarden was the best player in the 2021 Korfbal League.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.


Julie Caluwé

Julie Caluwé (born 27 May 1992) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Dutch korfall club Papendrechtse Korfbal Club (PKC) playing in the Dutch Korfbal League and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.




Erdmann II, Count of Promnitz

Erdmann II, Count von Promnitz (22 August 163 - 7 September 1745) was the Lord of Żary and Trzebiel. He worked as a minister for Augustus II the Strong and August III. Georg Philipp Telemann and Wolfgang Caspar Printz worked as musicians for him.

Alice Harnoncourt

Alice Harnoncourt (née Hoffelner; 26 September 1930 – 20 July 2022) was an Austrian classical violinist. She was the wife of Nikolaus Harnoncourt. Her works were known as historically informed performance. She worked for Concentus Musicus Wien. 

Harnoncourt died on 20 July 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 91.

Peter Inge, Baron Inge

Field Marshal Peter Anthony Inge, Baron Inge, (5 August 1935 – 20 July 2022) was a senior British Army officer. He was the Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the British Army, from 1992 to 1994. He then was Chief of the Defence Staff before retiring in 1997. 

Inge died on 20 July 2022, at the age of 86.

Bernard Labourdette

Bernard Labourdette (13 August 1946 – 20 July 2022) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He won stage 16A in the 1971 Tour de France. Labourdette was born in Lurbe-Saint-Christau, France.

Labourdette died on 20 July 2022 at the age of 75.

Shiara Driesen

Shiara Driesen (born 4 March 1991) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Floriant and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.





Judith Stamm

Judith Stamm (25 February 1934 – 20 July 2022) was a Swiss jurist and politician. She was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP). She was also a well known women's rights activist. Stamm was born in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. From 1983 to 1999, she was a member of the National Council. She was president of the council from 1996 to 1997.

Stamm died on 20 July 2022 in Zurich, Switzerland at the age of 88.

An An (giant panda)

An An (; 1986 – 21 July 2022) was a male giant panda. He lived in Hong Kong Ocean Park. He was a gift from the Central People's Government of China to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 1999. He was the longest-living male giant panda in the world under human care before his death in 2022.

An An was euthanised at aged 35 on 21 July 2022 at Hong Kong Ocean Park after being sick for the last three weeks.

Saar Seys

Saar Seys (born 26 July 1991) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Floriant and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.





Wes Moore

Westley Watende Omari Moore (born October 15, 1978) is an American politician, writer, businessman, television producer, and United States Army veteran. He is the Governor of Maryland. From 2017 to 2021, he was the CEO of the Robin Hood Foundation. 

Moore was the author of "The Other Wes Moore" and "The Work". Moore is the founder and CEO of BridgeEdU.

In June 2021, Moore launched his campaign to become the Democratic candidate for Maryland governor. He won the Democratic nomination in July 2022. He won the election in November 2022.

Aruna Miller

Aruna Miller (née Katragadda; November 6, 1964) is an Indian-American politician. Since 2023, she has been the 10th lieutenant governor of Maryland under Governor Wes Moore. She was also a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 2010 to 2019. 

Aruna ran for the United States House of Representatives in 2018 to represent Maryland's 6th congressional district, and lost the Democratic primary to David Trone.

In December 2021, Wes Moore chose Miller as his lieutenant governor pick in the Democratic primary of the 2022 election.

David Trone

David John Trone (born September 21, 1955) is an American Democratic politician and businessman. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Maryland's 6th congressional district since 2019. He co-founded and co-owns Total Wine & More. 

Ernest Augustus I, Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach

Ernest Augustus I, Duke of Saxe-Weimar (German: "Ernst August I"; 19 April 1688 19 January 1748) was a duke of Saxe-Weimar. In 1741, he became the duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.

Lisa Pauwels

Lisa Pauwels (born 27 May 1997) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of and the Belgium national korfball team. 

Pauwels became with her club Floriant 2022 Topkorfbal League champion, after beating in the final Borgerhout/GW. Her brother Glenn Pauwels and sister Amy Pauwels played in this final for Borgerhout/GW. Pauwels became 2022 . 

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Pauwels started playing korfball at the age of four. Next to playing korfball she is a kindergarten teacher. 



Osteocephalus castaneicola

Chestnut's slender-legged treefrog ("Osteocephalus castaneicola") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Bolivia and Brazil.

Amber Engels

Amber Engels (born 28 December 1998) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Putse KC and the Belgium national korfball team.

Engels became a member of the national team in 2021. She won with the team the silver medal the 2021 European Korfball Championship and was during the tournament a topscorer for team. With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Engels graduated as a dietitian and continued another studies life sciences food industry.

Lars Courtens

Lars Courtens (born 28 March 1995) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of KC Floriant Merelbeke and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.




Father Sergius (1918 movie)

Father Sergius () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Ivan Mosjoukine, Olga Kondorova, and V. Dzheneyeva.


For Happiness

For Happiness () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeny Bauer. It stars Emma Bauer, Tasya Borman, and N. Dennitsyna.


Satan Triumphant

Satan Triumphant () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Pavel Pavlov, Aleksandr Chabrov, and Natalya Lisenko.


Jordan de Vogelaere

Jordan de Vogelaere (born 8 September 1996) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of Boeckenberg KC and the Belgium national korfball team.

De Vogelaere played for the club in the Dutch national Korfbal League. He returned to Belgium in 2021 playing with Boeckenberg KC.

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.




Lennert Impens

Lennert Impens (born 24 February 1995) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of and the Belgium national korfball team.

Impens became a member of the national team in 2021. He won with the team the silver medal the 2021 European Korfball Championship. Pauwels became 2022 . 

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Alan Grant

Alan Grant (9 February 194920 July 2022) was a Scottish comic book writer. He was known for writing Judge Dredd and many Batman comic books. He was also known as the co-creator of the characters Anarky, Victor Zsasz, and the Ventriloquist.

Grant died on 20 July 2022 at the age of 73.

Jari Hardies

Jari Hardies (born 6 April 1990) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of Koninklijke Antwerpse Korfbal Club (KAFC) and the Belgium national korfball team.

In 2020 Hardies moved to the Dutch club DVO where he played in the national Korfbal League. He moved back to Belgium started playing with KAFC.

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. After the 2022 World Games, Hardies retired as an international korball player. He played a total of 69 games for the Belgian team.





Priah Ferguson

Priah Nicole Ferguson (born October 1, 2006) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Erica Sinclair on the Netflix's series "Stranger Things".

Brent Struyf

Brent Struyf (born 21 June 1995) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of Boeckenberg KC and the Belgium national korfball team.

Struyf started playing with the Dutch club DVO in 2015. He moved back to Belgium in 2018.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. After the 2022 World Games, Hardies retired as an international korball player. He played a total of 42 games for the Belgian team.





Burrowing owl

The burrowing owl ("Athene cunicularia") is a bird in the Strigidae family.

They nest and roost in burrows. The owls are often active during the day. Like many other kinds of owls, burrowing owls do most of their hunting during dusk and dawn, when they can best use their night vision and hearing.

Wood duck

The wood duck ("Aix sponsa") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Corvetto, Milan

Corvetto distric is a well-known area in Milan. It was an ancient borough, but now it is an art district area, located near Linate airport and connected to the city center by rail and motorways, it is a 10-minute drive from Piazza Duomo.

The whole district, also due to its proximity to the Prada Foundation, has seen the opening of numerous art galleries and ateliers of avant-garde artists. The district is now also known as the "Corvetto Art District" and various contemporary art events take place. Numerous high-design buildings are under construction in the district, including Palazzo Pinifarina. In 2023 Gucci created the ornamental lighting of the Corvetto district.

Corvetto is nowadays defined as "the artists' village" or "Corvetto art district", also characterized by the "Fuori Salone" of the "Corvetto Art Week" contemporary art weeks that involve all the galleries of the neighborhood and international artists.
Among the many avant-garde art galleries, for example, Studio Tretre in Via Marco d'Agrate n.33 (with entrance at n.27 from a large gate) which houses the ateliers of Bislacchi, Marina Cavadini, Lucia Cristiani, Lorenzo Lunghi, Edoardo Manzoni, Francesca Migone, Ludovico Orombelli, Francesco Pacelli, Adelisa Selimbašić, Nicolò Masiero Sgrinzatto, Pietro Vitali, Vincenzo Zancana.

Corvetto once had a reputation as a bohemian neighborhood in Milan, a haunt of artists, including Umberto Boccioni who lived near the Prada Foundation, radicals, painters and poets.

The Bonvini Art Printing House in Via Tagliamento, 1 is a stationery shop that has now become an art gallery and hosts art exhibitions and conferences. The Reading Book club, in via Mincio 10, is a book club that presents editorial projects of avant-garde art and photography as well as unobtainable revisits of design and fashion, hosting art vernisages and conferences, creating real colonies of artists and collectors internationals attentive to the European avant-gardes.

Corvetto has defined the "King's Road", by international artists, which runs the entire length of the area from Via Polesine, Via Marco d'Agrate, to Via Quaranta, arriving at its western end at the district of the Plastic club, in Via Gargano, the most avant-garde venue in the city, where many of the great Italian designers were born and where for years it was the usual meeting place for personalities such as Giorgio Armani and Andy Warhol, defined as an area with a "philosophy in which the life of luxury with art it is fabulous and new ".

At the Plastic there were characters such as Keith Haring to Andy Warhol, passing through Fiorucci, to the most famous designers in Milanese history since 1980. There are no tables to book but the selection is very high. The place in absolute privacy, has had the usual frequentation of artists and personalities of international fame, including Madonna, Elton John, Freddy Mercury, Prince, Paul Young, Bruce Springsteeen and Grace Jones. Plastic is the most inclusive and historic gay friendly club in the city of Milan, and still remains one of the most avant-garde clubs in Europe, compared to "Studio 54" in New York. Crossroads of art, fashion and music, it has seen the birth of many emerging fashion designers and stylists.

The cost for apartment in Corvetto area need from 4,800 to 7,000 euros per square meter; with an yearly increase of 15 percent for what is refurbished luxury.


Aken (Elbe)

Aken is a town in the Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. The town is along the Elbe River. In 2020, the town's population was about 7,400. The history of the town starts in the 12th century. The town has several historic buildings from the Middle Ages. The St. Nicholas and St. Mary churches are the oldest buildings in the town.

Rhizoctonia

Rhizoctonia is a type of fungi. They have long filaments called mycelia and a root like structure consisting of food reserves, called sclerotia. Rhizoctonia species eat through a process called saprotrophic nutrition, as the filaments (mycelia) absorb decayed organic matter through the cell wall. The species may resort to plant pathogeny, meaning that it can sometimes cause crop diseases. Some Rhizoctonia species live on the roots of orchid plants and exhibit a mutually beneficial relationship with them during orchid germination.

The term Rhizoctonia (meaning “root killer”) was first used by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle to describe the species Rhizoctonia crocorum, which causes violet root rot in carrots. It was found that Rhizoctonia solani also causes significant plant diseases, affecting grass, seeds, potatoes, cereals, sugar beet, cucumber, rice and many others.

When this type of fungus begins to grow on a plant the infected area decays rapidly, leading to brown and red lesions below the soil-line. If the disease develops, these lesions enlarge to form sunken cankers that can cut through the plant root and stem. Other symptoms include plants wilting in the middle of the day and damping off.

Since "Rhizoctonia" don't produce many spores, they are characterised by their hyphae. The hyphae are responsible for producing branch filaments at right and acute angles. Some hyphae are specialised with compact cells called miliolid cells. These cells form strong structures called sclerotia, this strength allows these fungi to survive extreme conditions.

There are two groups of classification based on the number of nuclei (cell compartment storing genetic material) within the hyphae cells. The two groups are binucleate (two nuclei) and multinucleate (more than two nuclei) "Rhizoctonia".

A further classification into groups is based on the ability of hyphae to fuse together, by a process called Anastomosis.

Anabaena

Anabena is a genus that encompasses plankton species. They fall under a type of bacteria called cyanobacteria. They have the ability to perform photosynthesis, as well as the ability to convert nitrogen in the air to ammonia, in water. They form mutually beneficial relationships, called symbiotic relationships with some plants. Anabena can make neurotoxins. It protects the plants from being eaten by wildlife. However, some species of Anabena have been used as a natural fertilizer in rice fields.
A study in 1999 has found the complete genome of Anabena (all of the DNA material). It is 7.2 million base pairs long. Anabena species have been used in research which focused on nitrogen fixation, DNA repair and primitive vision pigments.


Alfeld

Alfeld is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the Leine River. Sieben Berge (Seven Hills) is to the northeast. The town is in the Metropolitan region Hannover-Braunschweig-Göttingen-Wolfsburg. It is within the district of Hildesheim in the southern part of Lower Saxony. The population in 2020 was about 18,500. The main political parties are SPD and then CDU. The town is both Protestant and Catholic. 

The town was part of the Hanseatic League in the Middle Ages. The town was originally Catholic, but was also Protestant after the 16th century. Before the Thirty Year's War, the town was economically and culturally successful. The town was part of Prussia in the 19th century. 

There is a historic part of town and several museums. The historic town includes a Latin School from 1610, a marketplace, and several churches like the St. Nicholas Church. The Fillerturm is a medieval watch tower. The Fagus Factory is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Sieben Berge are famous. They are often connected with the story Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. In the story, the Seven Hills is where Snow White and dwarves lived.

Allendorf, Giessen

Allendorf is a small town in Hesse, Germany. It is in the Giessen district. It is along the small river Lumda. Marburg is to the south and Giessen to the northeast. The town has four parts: Allendorf, Climbach, Nordeck and Winnen. The castle Burg Nordeck is from the 12th century. The part of Allendorf was first mentioned in the 8th century. In 2020, the population was about 4,000.

Zimbabwe national rugby union team

The Zimbabwe national rugby union team is nicknamed the Sables. They play rugby for Zimbabwe in competitions. The team is managed by the Zimbabwe Rugby Union. It first played in 1981 against Kenya. They have competed at the first two Rugby World Cups in 1987 and 1991. They are ranked 32th in the World Rugby ranking as of July 2022.

Zambia women's national basketball team

The Zambia women's national basketball team plays for Zambia in competitions. It is managed by the Zambia Basketball Association (ZBA).

Zambia national basketball team

The Zambia national basketball team plays for Zambia in international competitions. It is managed by the Zambia Basketball Association (ZBA).

You're Makin' Me High

"You're Makin' Me High" is the lead single from the American singer Toni Braxton's second studio album, "Secrets" (1996). This song is medium-tempo, so not very fast or very slow. It was made by Babyface and Bryce Wilson. It came out the United States as a double A-side with the song "Let It Flow". Brandy and Dallas Austin were going to write the words to it at first.

Allstedt

Allstedt is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is in the Mansfeld-Südharz district. It is southeast of Sangerhausen. There are 13 parts of the town. The population was about 7,600 in 2020. The main political party is CDU. 

The history of the town first started in the 6th century. The town housed soldiers during the Thirty Years' War. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe lived in the town from 1776 to 1802. He stayed in the castle and wrote parts of Iphigenie. The town was bombed during World War II. Russians took over after the war. 

Historic tourist attractions include the Allstedt castle, the church Allstedter Dom, the church St. Johanneskirche and the town hall ("Rathaus").

Alsdorf

Alsdorf is a municipality in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is in the Aachen district. It is very close to The Netherlands. The town has 17 districts. The population was 47,000 in 2020. The main political party is SPD. The castle Alsdorf is a main tourist attraction. The town used to be a mining center and there is a mining museum. There is also a zoo.

Ursula Birkholz

Ursula Birkholz (neé Ursula Fenselau, born 9 January 1911) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles event. She was a member of Dresdner SC and represented Germany at international competitions.

Birkholz won the bronze medal at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event.

At the national championships she won the silver medal in the 80 metres hurdles event at the behind Gerda Pirch. At the she won the bronze medal.


Alsfeld

Alsfeld is a town in Hesse, Germany. It is between Bad Hersfeld, Fulda, Gießen and Marburg an der Lahn. The town is along the Schwalm and in the Vogelsberg, which is a volcanic mountain range. It is south of the Knüll Mountains. The town has 16 boroughs. The population was about 16,000 in 2020. The main political party is the CDU. 

Asfeld's recorded history starts in the 11th century. The town was probably founded in the Carolingian Dynasty. The town was part of the Holy Roman Empire. In the Middle Ages, there was a church, monastery, towers, town hall, and water supply. There were also guilds. These were groups of merchants and craftsmen. Many half-timbered buildings (Fachwerkhäuser) were built in the 16th century. There were many Jews in the 19th century until Nazis came to power. The location of the town was good for trade, but caused plunder and pleagues. Th town infasctructure with trains and roads was developed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. 

The Altstadt (old town) has many historic buildings and is the main tourist attraction. It is known for half-timbered buildings. The streets are narrow in the Medieval center of town. There is a town hall, wine hall and wedding house. The Minnigerode Haus is another historic building. There is also a Alsfeld Fairy Tale House. Other structures are the late Gothic "Beinhaus, Dreifaltigkeitskirche" (Trinity Church), "Leonhardsturm" (Leonard's Tower), the Augustine monastery, and the "Walpurgiskirche." The town has several tours and themes related to Fairy Tales.

Jacqueline Laudré

Jacqueline Laudré (married name Jacqueline Mulot, 2 August 1910 — 9 April 2007) was a French track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles, high jump and long jump events. 

Laudré represented France at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event where she finished third in the heats but was eliminated in the semi-finals.

At the national championships she became French national champion in the 80 meter hurdles in 1932, 1933, 1934 and 1943; in the high jump in 1930, 1933 and 1934; and in the long jump in 1932 and 1934.

In 1933, she set a new French high jump record with 1.52 metres.

She was the younger sister of Lucienne Laudré-Viel, who also became multiple times French national champion in the high jump and long jump.

Timber framing

Timber framing (German: "Holzfachwerk") is a way to build buildings. Timbers are the structure of the building and fit together like a skeleton. Sometimes the timbers can be seen from the outside. This is called half-timbered. The spaces between the timbers are filled with brick, plaster, wattle or daub. These spaces are often for decoration. Germany is famous for half-timbered buildings. There are also such buildings across Europe and in North America and Japan. The building method is over a thousand years old and has many styles. 

Jacqueline Combernoux

Jacqueline Edmée Marie Alauze (married name Jacqueline Combernoux, 10 June 1906 — 31 March 1993) was a French track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles and long jump events. She was a member of Olympique de Marseille Athlétisme (1926-1930), the national team (1928-1932) and Stade Marseillais Université Club (since 1941).

Combernoux represented France at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event where she won the heats but was eliminated in the semi-finals.

At the national championships she became French national champion in the 80 meter hurdles in 1928, 1930, 1931; and in the long jump in 1943.

She was the younger sister of Édith Alauze. She was also an track and field national champion and besides of that also a footballer.

The Lobster Fisherman (De Martino)

The Lobster Fisherman (which translates to “L'Aragostaio”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1875, in bronze, it measures 35 x 56 centimeters, and is part of the Collection of the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Varese.

The fisher child represents a crustacean seller, and will be reprized in the 1916 work "Le Pêcheur de criquets" by De Martino.
De Martino's most precious works concern the representations of the children of the people, and for this reason he was also called "the sculptor of children", in which he highlights a great ability to represent in a realistic way the expressions and characters of children.

Benito Mussolini during the Rome quadrennial in 1931 indicated him as an important exponent of Italian art.
Giovanni de Martino's sculptures highlight his empathic closeness to the humbler classes, re-entering the movement of social realism.

The surface of the sculpture is shiny and dark with a slightly golden tone. For this reason, the light creates decisive contrasts of brightness that highlight the volumes of the body and mark the anatomical modeling.

Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Varese.





Dinesh Gunawardena

Dinesh Chandra Rupasinghe Gunawardena (, ; born 2 March 1949) is a Sri Lankan politician has served as Prime Minister of Sri Lanka since July 2022. He has served as a member of parliament, cabinet minister, and Leader of the House in the Parliament of Sri Lanka.

Folsom, California

Folsom is a city in Sacramento County, California, United States.

Galt, California

Galt is a city in Sacramento County, California, United States.

Isleton, California

Isleton is a city in Sacramento County, California, United States.

San Juan Bautista, California

San Juan Bautista is a city in San Benito County, California, United States.

Bagley, Minnesota

Bagley is the county seat of Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Grand Marais, Minnesota

Grand Marais is the county seat of Cook County, Minnesota, United States.

Cloquet, Minnesota

Cloquet is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Man with a Movie Camera

Man with a Movie Camera (Russian: Человек с киноаппаратом) is a Soviet silent documentary film directed by Dziga Vertov. His brother Mikhail Kaufman filmed the movie and appears in the film as the cameraman. The movie is experimentalal and there are no actorss. It shows the city life in Moscow, Kyiv and Odessa for one day. The movie is often considered one of the best movies and documentaries.

There is no single plot or storyline. The movie starts with people entering a theater and shows a screen. On the screen, the cameraman goes to locations to record on the spot. The cameraman appears several times in the movie. The movie often switches from showing the cameraman to the what the camera is looking at. The camera shows people and machines in the early morning. Everything is still and quiet. The camera goes on to shows the city waking up. It shows workers and transportation (street cars, trains, airplanes, carriages). There are different types of work and classes of people. The camera captures the movement of objects. The movie shows the dense population and busy industries. The movie switches between movement and still images. Later in the day, the camera shows more entertainment like a beach and a carnival and sports like track and field and soccer and music. Other daily events included are personal hygiene, people getting married and divorced, birth of children and a funeral. The movie ends with an image of the camera and the eye of the cameraman looking through it.

The movie is very experimental and radical. Vertov wanted to create a universal image that was separate from any language. The movie is very fast-paced. A lot of the montage editing is not linear. The movie used many filming techniques. Examples are multiple exposure, fast motion, slow motion, freeze frames, match cuts, jump cuts, split screens, Dutch angles, extreme close-ups, tracking shots, reversed footage, stop motion animations and self-reflexive visuals. Many movies today use these techniques.

The movie did not have that good reviews in the beginning. People criticized the movie. Soviet filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein did not like the movie. Critics did not take the film seriously. The reception has changed over time. "Man with a Movie Camera" is now viewed as a great movie and even one of the best. The movie has a 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie got 8th place in a "Sight & Sound" poll from 2021. The movie was included in Time magazine's All-time 100 Movies. Roger Ebert gave the movie a four out of four rating.

Be Silent, My Sorrow, Be Silent

Be Silent, My Sorrow, Be Silent () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Vera Kholodnaya, Pyotr Chardynin, and Ossip Runitsch.


The Lady and the Hooligan

The Lady and the Hooligan () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Mayakovsky and Yevgeni Slavinsky. It stars Vladimir Mayakovsky, Aleksandra Rebikova, and Fyodor Dunayev.


The Last Tango

The Last Tango () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vyacheslav Viskovsky. It stars A. Aleksandrov, Vera Kholodnaya, and Ivan Khudoleyev. The movie is based on the words of a song performed by Iza Kremer in Odessa.


The Project of Engineer Prite

The Project of Engineer Prite () is a 1918 Russian silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars N. Gardy, Yelena Komarova, and Boris Kuleshov.

Comrade Abram

Comrade Abram () is a 1919 Russian silent movie directed by Aleksandr Razumny. It stars Pyotr Baksheyev, Dimitri Buchowetzki, and Vera Orlova.

People Die for Metal

People Die for Metal () is a 1919 Russian silent drama movie directed by Alexandre Volkoff. It stars Zoya Karabanova, Iona Talanov, and Yuri Yurovsky.

The Iron Heel (movie)

The Iron Heel () is a 1919 Russian silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin, Andrey Gorchilin, Olga Preobrazhenskaya, Yevgeny Ivanov-Barkov, Leonid Leonidov and Tamara Glebova. It stars Olga Bonus, Anatoli Gorchilin, and Aleksandra Khokhlova.

On the Red Front

On the Red Front () is a 1920 Russian silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksandra Khokhlova, Lev Kuleshov, and Leonid Obolensky.


Sickle and Hammer (movie)

Sickle and Hammer () is a 1921 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Aleksandr Gromov, Anatoli Gorchilin, and N. Zubova. 


The Miracle Maker (1922 movie)

The Miracle Maker () is a 1922 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev. It stars Pyotr Kirillov, Yelena Tumanskaya, and Vasili Kozhura.


Polikushka

Polikushka () is a 1922 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexander Sanin. It stars Ivan Moskvin, Vera Pashennaya, and Yevgeniya Rayevskaya.


Glumov's Diary

Glumov's Diary () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Grigori Aleksandrov, Aleksandr Antonov, and Sergei Eisenstein.


Locksmith and Chancellor

Locksmith and Chancellor () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Ivan Khudoleyev, Nikolai Panov, and N. Tairova.


Red Devils (movie)

Red Devils () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Ivan Perestiani. It stars Pavel Yesikovsky, Sofia Josephey, and Kador Ben-Salim.


A Spectre Haunts Europe

A Spectre Haunts Europe () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Zoya Barantsevich, Oleg Frelikh, and Yevgeny Gryaznov.

The Adventures of Oktyabrina

The Adventures of Oktyabrina () is a 1924 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Zinaida Tarakhovskaya, Yevgeni Kumeyko, and Sergei Martinson.


Aelita

Aelita () is a 1924 Soviet silent movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Yuliya Solntseva, Igor Ilyinsky, and Nikolai Tseretelli.


The Cigarette Girl from Mosselprom

The Cigarette Girl from Mosselprom () is a 1924 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yuri Zhelyabuzhsky. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Yuliya Solntseva, and Anna Dmokhovskaya.


The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks

The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks () is a 1924 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Porfiri Podobed, Boris Barnet, and Aleksandra Khokhlova.


The Palace and the Fortress

The Palace and the Fortress () is a 1924 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Yevgeni Boronikhin, Yuri Korvin-Krukovsky, and Marina Yuryeva.

Chess Fever

Chess Fever () is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Nikolai Shpikovsky. It stars José Raúl Capablanca, Vladimir Fogel, and Anna Zemtsova.


Cross and Mauser

Cross and Mauser () is a 1925 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Yevgeni Chervyakov, V. Kiselyova, and Vladimir Kriger.

The Death Ray (1925 movie)

The Death Ray () is a 1925 Soviet silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Porfiri Podobed, Vsevolod Pudovkin, and Vladimir Fogel.


Jewish Luck

Jewish Luck () is a 1925 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexis Granowsky. It stars Solomon Mikhoels, Moisei Goldblat, and Tamara Adelgeym.


The Marriage of the Bear

The Marriage of the Bear () is a 1925 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin and Konstantin Eggert. It stars Konstantin Eggert, Vera Malinovskaya, and B. Afonin.


Mishki versus Yudenich

Mishki versus Yudenich () is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Alexander Zavyalov, Polina Pona, and Sergei Gerasimov.


The Tailor from Torzhok

The Tailor from Torzhok () is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Olga Zhizneva, and Anatoli Ktorov.


The Bay of Death

The Bay of Death () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars V. Yaroslavtsev, A. Matsevich, and Vasili Lyudvinsky.


Benya Krik (movie)

Benya Krik () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Vilner. It stars Matvey Lyarov, Yuri Shumsky, and Nikolai Nademsky.


By the Law

By the Law () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Alexandra Khokhlova, Sergei Komarov, and Vladimir Fogel.


Quad City DJ’s

Quad City DJ’s is an American music group formed in 1988.


The Decembrists (movie)

The Decembrists () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Vladimir Maksimov, Yevgeni Boronikhin, and Varvara Annenkova.


The Devil's Wheel

The Devil's Wheel () is a 1926 Soviet silent movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Pyotr Sobolevsky, Lyudmila Semyonova, and Sergei Gerasimov.


Katka's Reinette Apples

Katka's Reinette Apples () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler and Eduard Ioganson. It stars Veronika Buzhinskaya, Bella Chernova, and Yakov Gudkin.


Love's Berries

Love's Berries () is a 1926 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Maryan Krushelnitsky, Margarita Barskaya, and Dmitriy Kapka.


Mechanics of the Brain

Mechanics of the Brain () is a 1926 Soviet documentary movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin.

Miss Mend

Miss Mend () is a 1926 Soviet silent movie directed by Fyodor Otsep and Boris Barnet. It stars Natalia Glan, Boris Barnet, and Vladimir Fogel.


Mother (1926 movie)

Mother () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Vera Baranovskaya, Nikolai Batalov, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Prostitute (1927 movie)

Prostitute () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Oleg Frelikh. It stars Olga Bonus, Mark Donskoy, and L. Krasina.


Tale of the Woods

Tale of the Woods () is a 1926 Soviet silent movie directed by Yuri Tarich. It stars Leonid Danilov, T. Kotelnikova, and Ivan Klyukvin.


The Overcoat (1926 movie)

The Overcoat () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Andrei Kostrichkin, Antonina Eremeeva, and Aleksei Kapler.


A Sixth Part of the World

A Sixth Part of the World () is a 1926 Soviet documentary movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

The Three Million Trial

The Three Million Trial () is a 1926 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Anatoly Ktorov, and Mikhail Klimov.


Glomeromycota

Glomeromycota is a group of fungi that surround the roots of trees and plants. They are not as diverse as other groups of fungi but are one of the most common and widespread fungi. Around 250 members of the glomeromycota class have been identified. They are found in association with roots of most plant species in almost every land ecosystem. They have even been found in Antarctica.

Glomeromycota and plants benefit each other: they need each other to stay alive. Plants give the fungi carbohydrates and energy, and the fungi give the plants with essential minerals from the soil. Nearly all glomeromycota produce structures called arbuscules. These are a long branching structure that goes into the roots of plants and allow substances to be passed to and fro between the plant and the fungus.

Glomeromycota are associated with some of the most sold and eaten crop plants. Glomeromycota can have positive and negative effects on plants. They can increase plant growth and can also transport essential nitrogen products to plant roots which is important for protein production in plants. However, they can have negative effects on non-host plants. They can help the growth and spread of invasive species taking important resources and soil space from other plants.

Glomeromycota reproduce through the formation of spores. Fungal spores are tiny particles that allow fungi to reproduce, they are similar to a seed of plants. Glomeromycota have large spores for fungi, between 40 µm to 800 µm, some can be seen with the naked human eye. Glomeromycota spores have thick cell walls with many members having multiple cell walls. When in the correct conditions, spores grow into a small branch and find a host's roots to live.

Divine Shepherd (De Martino)

Divine Shepherd (which translates to “Pastorello Divino ”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1901, in bronze, it measures 18 x 24 centimeterse.




Head of Scugnizzo (De Martino)

Head of Scugnizzo (which translates to “Testa di Scugnizzo”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1875, in bronze, it measures 34,5 centimeterse.





Chinese paddlefish

The Chinese paddlefish (Psephurus gladius) (), also known as Chinese swordfish, is an extinct species of fish that was found in Yangtze and Yellow River basins in China. They had an average length of , making it one of the largest species of primarily freshwater fishes. 

The Chinese paddlefish was officially declared extinct in July 2022, with an estimated time of extinction to be by 2005–2010, although it had become functionally extinct by 1993. The main cause of its extinction was the construction of the Gezhouba and Three Gorges dams.

Head of a baby (De Martino)

Head of a baby (which translates to “Testa di bimbo”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1890, in bronze, it measures 26, 15 x 15 x 15 centimeterse.

Giovanni De Martino with "Testa di bimbo" reworks the Neo-Hellenistic balance through the shooting of living models and life portraits.





Taurean Blacque

Taurean Blacque (born Herbert Middleton Jr.; May 10, 1940 – July 21, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Detective Neal Washington on the series "Hill Street Blues". He was born in Newark, New Jersey. 

Early in his acting career, Blacque began making guest appearances in sitcoms such as "What's Happening!!", "Sanford and Son", "The Bob Newhart Show", "The Tony Randall Show", "Good Times", and "Taxi". 

He won an NAACP Image Award for Best Actor (Local) in 1985.

In 1989, he was asked by President George H. W. Bush to be a national spokesman for supporting adoption.

Blacque died on July 21, 2022 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 82.

Native American cuisine

Native American cuisine is the cuisine of Native Americans. Frybread is a famous Native American dish. The three staples of Native American cuisine are corn, squash, and beans.

Indigenous peoples of Nevada

Nevada is home to the Washoe, Northern Paiute, Southern Paiute and Western Shoshone tribes.

Streets of Gold (movie)

Streets of Gold is a 1986 American boxing drama movie directed by first time director Joe Roth and starring Klaus Maria Brandauer, Adrian Pasdar, Wesley Snipes, John Mahoney, Elya Baskin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Susan Cooper

Susan Mary Cooper (born 23 May 1935) is an English author of children's books. She is best known for "The Dark Is Rising". In 2012 she won the lifetime Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association.



Richard Perry

Richard Perry (born June 18, 1942) is an American record producer. He produced more than 12 gold records by 1982. From 1978 to 1983, he ran his own record label, Planet Records. He also produced albums by Rod Stewart and Carly Simon. He began getting involved with music early in his life, around the age of 12.

Perry and Jane Fonda were in a relationship from 2009 to 2017. In 2017, he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.


Wuthering Heights (1954 movie)

Wuthering Heights is a 1954 Mexican movie directed by Luis Buñuel. In Spanish, it is called Abismos de pasión.

In 1931, Buñuel and Pierre Unik wrote a movie based on the 1847 Emily Brontë novel "Wuthering Heights" but they could not get the money for it. The 1954 movie was produced by Óscar Dancigers and Abelardo L. Rodríguez. It stars Irasema Dilián and Jorge Mistral as the Cathy and Heathcliff characters.



Osteocephalus mutabor

Osteocephalus mutabor is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador and Peru. It lives in the hills on the west side of the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it between 250 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 35.6–50.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 52.7–75.7 mm long.

This frog is brown or green-brown in color with marks across its back. Its belly is pink, orange, or whitish. The adult male frogs have bumps on their backs.

The female frog lays 30-40 eggs at a time.

This frog lives in primary forest and near the edges of forests.

The young frogs are brown-bronze in color. Scienitsts named this frog "mutabor" for the Latin word "mutare" for "changing." This is because the young frogs change color when they become adult frogs.

Planctomycetota

Planctomycetes are a group (phylum) of gram-negative bacteria that can be found in marine habitats including oceans, freshwater lakes, wastewater but also terrestrial habitats like soils. Approximately 11% of marine microbial communities is occupied by this phylum. They grow very slowly compared to other bacteria phylum. The majority of Planctomycetota species reproduce by binary fission which is when the bacterium divides into two (or more) and each part regenerates to become a new cell which resembles the original cell; however, they can also reproduce by budding which is when an organism reproduces by forming a ‘bud’, this bud develops into a full organism.

Planctomycetes were only discovered to be a bacterium in 1972 even though they were first discovered back in 1924. They were first wrongly identified as a eukaryote because their cells are unusually structured compared to majority of bacteria cells and looked more similar to eukaryotes.

This phylum is part of the PVC superphylum which is a superphylum that contains and is named after Plantomycetes, Verrucomicrobia and Chlamydiae. The two classes that are part of the Planctomycetota are Planctomycetia and Phycisphaerae.

Planctomycetes have been identified as a potential source for bioactive molecules which are compounds that can possibly encourage great health.

Planctomycetes are heavily involved in producing nitrogen gas with an estimated 30-50% of nitrogen gas in the oceans produced by this phylum. This aids nitrogen production for the nitrogen cycle which is the process of nitrogen transforming into different forms where it is used by many organisms to stay alive.

Enterobacter

Enterobacter is a group (genus) of bacteria that are part of the ESKAPE pathogens. There have been 22 species that’ve been discovered so far. They are widely spread around habitats including water, soil and sewage but also have been discovered in human and animal faeces which is one reason why they have managed to inhabit so many environments. In addition, they can survive in oxygen containing (aerobic) as well as oxygen-free (anaerobic) environments.

This genus is part of the Enterobacteriaceae family which is a group that contains many harmful bacteria like Salmonella and Shigella.

These species are known for causing many infections with most of the species being nosocomial (acquired in hospitals). Some example infections include urinary tract infection (UTI), intra-abdominal infections, respiratory tract infection and soft tissue infection. There are antibiotics that treat Enterobacter infections; however, resistance to the currently employed antibiotics is rising, and there is an urgent need to develop new antibiotics to fight this bacterium. Two species that are especially resistant to antibiotic treatment are Enterobacter huaxiensis and Enterobacter chuandaensis.

Milan Dvořák

Milan Dvořák (19 November 1934 – 21 July 2022) was a Czech football player. From 1952 to 1958, he played for the Czechoslovakia national football team, making thirteen appearances. 

Heikki Haavisto

Heikki Haavisto (20 August 1935 – 22 July 2022) was a Finnish politician and lobbyist. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Esko Aho's cabinet between 1993 and 1995. He was a member of the Centre Party. Haavisto was born in Raisio, Finland.

Haavisto died on 22 July 2022 in Raisio at the age of 86.

Nick Parents

Nick Parents (formerly "Nickelodeon Parents") is a nighttime programming block. It was owned by Viacom Media Networks. It was aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from November 29, 2015 to the present. At this time, children would normally be sleeping. The block broadcasted comedy programming for adults, particularly adults.

On February 4, 2022, Nickelodeon Parents was now rebranded as Nick Parents.

Nick Jr. timeshared Nickelodeon Parents Every Night from November 29, 2015 to the present.

NickMom Sunset

NickMom Sunset was a nighttime programming block. It was owned by Viacom Media Networks. It was aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from September 28, 2015 to December 17, 2015. At this time, children would normally be sleeping. The block broadcasted comedy programming for adults, particularly mothers.

On December 17, 2015, NickMom Sunset ended its run, and it was replaced by Nickelodeon Parents. The NickMom Sunset website was also closed, and the domain now redirects to the parental resources section of Nick.com.

Nick Jr. timeshared NickMom Sunset Every Night from November 29, 2015 to December 17, 2015.

Brown-headed cowbird

The brown-headed cowbird ("Molothrus ater") is a bird in the Icteridae family.

Andi Peters

Andi Eleazu Peters (born 29 July 1970) is a British television presenter, producer, journalist and voice actor who is currently Competitions Presenter for ITV.


T.O.T.S.

T.O.T.S. (also known as Tiny Ones Transport Service) is an American computer-animated children's television series. It was created by Travis Braun.

Alsleben

Alsleben ( ]) is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is in the Salzlandkreis district and is on the Saale river. The population was about 2,500 in 2020. The main political party is the CDU. A major industry is shipping and is part of the town's history. Tourist attractions include a town hall, churches from the Middle Ages and a Water Tower ("Wasserturm") from 1916.

Cabinet Intelligence and Research Office

The Cabinet Intelligence and Research Office (内閣情報調査室, Naikaku Jōhō Chōsashitsu), also known as Naichō (内調), is a Government of Japan intelligence agency under the Cabinet Secretariat responsible for gathering, processing, and analyzing national security information for the cabinet. As a principal member of the Japanese intelligence community, the CIRO reports directly to the Prime Minister of Japan.

The CIRO frequently works with the National Security Council as a communication channel with the prime minister. It is headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo, in a building called "H20".

The CIRO was created by the Allied Forces through the formation of the Prime Ministers's Research Office (内閣総理大臣官房調査室, Naikakusōri Daijin Kanbō Chōsa-Shitsu) in April 1952 with Jun Murai as the first director in an attempt to replicate its structure after the CIA. But due to widespread opposition, this plan was discarded. The RO was placed under the jurisdiction of the Prime Minister's office in 1957 and was known as the Cabinet Research Office (内閣調査室, Naikaku Chōsa-Shitsu). The CRO was later renamed the CIRO in 1986.

The Cabinet Intensive Information Center was established on April 11, 1996, to ensure that the CIRO can inform the Prime Minister in severe emergencies. It's located in the Prime Minister's residence.

In August 2007, discussions of intelligence reforms through the paper improvement of counter-intelligence functions resulted in the establishment of the counter-intelligence Center. It's been suggested that the CIC can be used as the basis for the creation of an actual external intelligence agency similar to the CIA.

In 2013, CIRO satellite imagery analysis was used to assist NGOs in Tacloban with reconstruction work in the wake of Typhoon Haiyan.

Since 2015, CIRO agents are usually recruited to be sent to the International Counter-Terrorism Intelligence Collection Unit.

Defense Intelligence Headquarters

The Defense Intelligence Headquarters (情報本部, Jōhōhonbu) is a military intelligence and signal intelligence agency of the Japanese government, under the jurisdiction of the Japanese Ministry of Defense. It is currently one of the biggest Japanese intelligence agencies.

The DIH is under the jurisdiction of the Joint Staff and is controlled by the Defense Intelligence Committee, which is made up of the Chiefs of Staff of the JGSDF, JMSDF and JASDF along with the Chief of Staff, Joint Staff, State Minister of Defense and the Minister of Defense.
Command of the DIH was given directly to the Japanese Minister of Defense in March 2006. The deputy officer is usually a civilian officially appointed by the MOD.Four Defense Intelligence Officers (DIOs) are also appointed with three being colonels from the JGSDF or the JASDF with one a civilian official.
The SIGINT facilities managed by the Chobetsu (Chosa Besshitsu) or the Annex Chamber, Second Section, Second Investigation Division in English, from 1958 to 1997 is managed by the DIH. Command of the SIGINT division is usually filled by a senior officer from the NPA.

The main role of the DIH is to collect information and analyse for planning defense and operation policy. The agency collect information from open sources, signals and image intelligence as well as from other Japanese government ministries, Japanese embassies and other affiliated ministries and organizations. In addition, they also gather intelligence through surveillance activities.

The seal of the DIH consist of the following symbols:


Nitrobacter

The genus "Nitrobacter" consists of gram-negative (gram staining negative) bacteria with pear-shaped or different-sized rod shapes. Their size is around 0.5-0.9um in width and 1.0-2.0 um in length. The optimal growth temperature is between 28 and 30 °C, and the optimal pH is 7.5 ~8.0.

"Nitrobacter" bacteria reproduce by separating a body into two new parts (binary fission) or by budding (when new individuals develop from parent organisms). "Nitrobacter" grow at a quite slow rate.

"Nitrobacter spp." generally occur in soil and water and are organisms that derive energy from chemical reactions (chemoautotrophic). They possess compartments inside their cells, which contain a specific type of protein (enzyme nitrite oxidoreductase.  

"Nitrobacter bacteria" are responsible for the conversion (oxidation) of nitrite (NO) to nitrate (NO). The chemical reaction is shown below. This reaction is called nitrification and it is coupled with low rates of carbon fixation via the Calvin cycle.  

<chem>NO2- + H2O -> NO3- + 2H+ + 2e-</chem>

Nitrification benefits plant growth and is important to the ocean, as it takes about half of the nitrate consumed by phytoplankton (microscopic marine algae) growth. However, it also may lead to eutrophication (enriching the water with nutrients, generally nitrogen/phosphorus) and drinking water pollution.  

In the presence of oxygen, "Nitrobacter bacteria" use nitrite as the energy source and utilize carbon dioxide as the main source of carbon.  "Nitrobacter bacteria" can also carry out anaerobic respiration (without oxygen) by reducing nitrate to nitrite, nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous oxide (N₂O).

Russian microbiologist Sergei Winogradsky first found nitrification and isolate first nitrifiers. He also found these nitrifiers were chemoautotrophic.  

Altena

Altena is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is in the Märkischer Kreis district. It is on the Lenne river valley It is in the northern parts the Sauerland. About 16,500 lived there in 2020. The major political party is the CDU. The Altena Castle is a famous tourist attraction in the town and is from the 12th century. There is also the Castle Holtbrinck, St. Matthew's Church, St. Katharine's Church and a special Holländer house. The main religious groups are Protestants and Catholics. During the German Refugee Crisis (2015/2016), Altena took in hundreds of immigrants and won the "National Integration Prize".

Altenau, Lower Saxony

Altenau is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is in the Goslar district. The town is in the Harz mountains. The town was originally a mining community. About 1,800 people lived there in 2020. The main religious group is Protestant and the main political parties are CDU and SPD. The town is a health resort and has the largest herb garden in Germany.

Altenberg, Saxony

Altenberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district. There are 20 municipalities. The main political parties are Freie Wähler Altenberg (FWA) and CDU. The population was about 7,800 in 2021. Tin mining was important in the town in Europe. Attractions include the Great Pinge ("Große Pinge"), which is collapsed mineshaft. There is also a Altenberg bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track and botanical garden Botanischer Garten Schellerhau.

Acidobacteria

The phylum "acidobacteria" is distributed across nearly all ecosystems. "Acidobacteria" are particularly abundant in acidic soils, peatlands and environments with rich iron minerals.  Most "acidobacteria" prefer acidic conditions (pH3.0-6.5) for growth, but multiple members also live in alkaline soils.

The characteristics of "acidobacteria" are gram-negative (gram staining negative), non-spore-forming and with multiple shapes. In most cases, they reproduce through binary fission (separate a body into two new parts). Most "acidobacteria" get energy from chemical substances (chemoheterotrophs), but some get it from light.

Due to the most acidobacteria's capacity to live with a low level of nutrients, "acidobacteria" are hard to culture on the conventional growth media in the laboratory. Hence, they were underrepresented until gene analysis in recent decades. Currently, "acidobacteria" have 26 subdivisions based on the results of DNA analysis.

"Acidobacteria" has a large proportion of the genes encoding proteins that can transport nutrients from the environment into cells, which facilitates "acidobacteria" to acquire a wide range of nutrients, helping them to survive in nutrient-poor environments.

"Acidobacteria" contains genes that help them in degrading sugar polymers. They can act as decomposers in soil and recycle organic matters produced by plants, fungi and insects. "Acidobacteria" is likely to supplement their energy intake with carbon monoxide(CO), but this remains to be confirmed. They significantly contribute to the carbon cycle in these two major parts: degradations of sugars and CO oxidation.

"Acidobacteria" can process nitrogen in many different forms and they play a central role in the nitrogen cycle in plant-soil ecosystems.

Some members of "acidobacteria" can do anaerobic respiration (respiration without oxygen) and promote the global sulfur cycle.

Some "acidobacteria" can breathe oxygen at atmospheric and at very low oxygen concentrations. They have survival advantages in soils with a low level of oxygen.

Some strains can consume hydrogen (H) at the atmospheric level and this contributes to the global hydrogen cycle.

"Acidobacteria" species can produce and send complex sugars to the outside of their cells , which could help plant roots uptake nutrients and water from soils by modifying the properties of soils around roots. These sugars also support bacteria to adhere to the root surfaces.

"Acidobacteria" species could actively produce important compounds that stimulate plant growth.

Altlandsberg

Altlandsberg is a town in Brandenburg, Germany. It is in the Märkisch-Oderland district. It is also 14 miles east of Berlin. The population was about 10,000 in 2020. There are six municipalities in the town. The largest political party is the SPD. Attractions include the Old Town ("Altstadt"). There is the town church St. Marien from the 13th century, a castle church from the 18th century, a town hall, a marketplace, a manor and historic barns ("Scheuneviertel") from the 19th century.

Pelodryadidae

Pelodryadidae is a family of frogs. They are named Australian treefrogs in English. They live in Australia and New Guinea. Human beings also brought them to New Caledonia, Guam, New Zealand, and Vanuatu. Some scientists say these frogs should be called a subgroup inside the group Hylidae. They call this family Pelodryadinae.

Most of the frogs in Pelodryadidae live in trees but some do not.

Scienitsts think of Pelodryadidae as a sister group to the leaf frogs (Phyllomedusidae). Those frogs live in trees and live in tropical places. Both families of frogs came from the same ancestor frog. Scientists think this frog lived during the early Cenozoic in South America. The two groups of frogs would have become different from each other during the Eocene. The ancestors of the Pelodryadidae frogs probably went to Australasia by going to Antarctica first. At the time, Antarctica was further north and not frozen, so frogs could live there. The clade comprising both families is sister to the Hylidae. They became different from the frogs in Hylidae during in the early Paleogene.

The family has 215 species in three genuses:


Enterococcus faecium

"Enterococcus faecium" is a gram-positive spherical bacterium. "Enterococcus faecium" was first discovered in 1919 and was misclassified as a different type of bacteria (Streptococci). A study in 1984 looked at its genetic material more closely and classified it as a different group of bacteria.

"Enterococci" are commonly found in the gut. They have a high tolerance to salts present in this environment. Elsewhere, they may cause infections. Infections are always related to the urinary tract or the biliary/gastrointestinal tract. Sometimes infections can lead to bacteria present in the circulating blood (bacteremia).

Hospitalized patients with weak immunity are at a great risk of "Enterococcal" infections due to prolonged use of antibiotics. "Enterococci" cause 10-15% of the infections transmitted  in a hospital that occur in the urinary tract, intra-abdomen and in the bloodstream. Among Enterococci, "Enterococcus faecalis" and "Enterococcus faecium" are the most common causative agents of human infections.

Ich ruf zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ, BWV 177

"Ich ruf zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ", BWV177 is a chorale cantata written by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title means "I call to You, Lord Jesus Christ" in English. The cantata is performed for the fourth Sunday after Trinity. It was written in Leipzig. It was first performed on 6 July 1732. The cantata is based on Johann Agricola's hymn of the same name.

In 1724, the fourth Sunday after Trinity happened on the same day as the Feast of Visitation. Bach wrote "Meine Seel erhebt den Herren", BWV 10, a chorale cantata for the Feast of Visitation. He did not write a cantata for the fourth Sunday itself. In 1732, Bach wrote BWV 177. He completed his second chorale cantata cycle. The text of the cantata is from Johann Agricola's hymn.

The cantata has five movements. The cantata is written for SATB choir, soprano, alto, and tenor soloists, a solo violin, two violins, a viola, basso continuo, a bassoon, and two oboes.


The Punisher (1989 movie)

The Punisher is a 1989 Australian-American vigilante action thriller movie directed by Mark Goldblatt and was based on the Marvel Comics' character of same name. It stars Dolph Lundgren, Louis Gossett, Jr., Jeroen Krabbé , Kim Miyori, Bryan Marshall, Todd Boyce, Brian Rooney, Nancy Everhand and was distributed by New World International.


Tragelhöchstädt

Tragelhöchstädt is a village in Uehlfeld in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.


1948 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The 1948 FIFA Youth Tournament, was the first edition of what would later be called the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, a yearly international men's football tournament organised by FIFA. It was held in England from 15 to 17 April 1948 with five different locations hosting the matches. Eight teams competed in a knockout competition with England defeating the Netherlands 3–2 in the final.

The following teams entered the tournament:

In this round the losing teams from the first round participated.


1949 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1949 Final Tournament was held in the Netherlands.

The following teams entered the tournament:

For this round received a Bye.

In this round the losing teams from the first round participated.


1950 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1950 Final Tournament was held in Austria.

The following teams entered the tournament:


For this round, and received a Bye.


1951 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1951 Final Tournament was held in France.

The following teams entered the tournament:

In this round the losing teams from the first round participated.


1952 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1952 Final Tournament was held in Spain.

The following teams entered the tournament:

For this round and received a Bye.


1953 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1953 Final Tournament was held in Belgium. Argentina was the first non-European team that entered.

The following teams entered the tournament:



1954 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1954 Final Tournament was held in West Germany. It was the last time that FIFA was going to arrange the tournament, from next year on, the UEFA would take over.

The following teams entered the tournament:


<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1955 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1955 Final Tournament was held in Italy. During this edition, only group matches were played and no winner was declared. This was done to prevent a leftover of competition. Romania, Italy, Bulgaria, Hungary and Czechoslovakia were the five group winners.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

1956 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1956 Final Tournament was held in Hungary. During this edition, only group matches were played and no winner was declared. This was done to prevent a leftover of competition. Hungary, Italy, Romania and Czechoslovakia were the four group winners.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

Horacio Rosatti

Horacio Daniel Rosatti (born August 11, 1956) is an Argentine lawyer, judge, writer, university professor and former politician, who has served as minister of the Supreme Court of Justice of Argentina since 2016 and its president since 2021.

On December 15, 2015, President Mauricio Macri, by decree, appointed him a judge of the Court; and the National Senate granted the agreement on June 15, 2016. On June 29, In 2016, he took an oath before the president of the Court, and from that moment on he was incorporated into the court. Later he assumed as president of the Court on October 1, 2021.

Rosatti graduated in law from the National University of the Littoral in Santa Fe. He is also a Doctor in History by the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina

Get On Up and Dance

Get On Up and Dance is the debut studio album by Quad City DJ’s. The album was released on June 25, 1996.

1957 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1957 Final Tournament was held in Spain.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1958 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1958 Final Tournament was held first in Luxembourg, but matches were also played in West Germany, Belgium and France.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


The Last of the High Kings

The Last of the High Kings is a 1996 Irish Danish British comedy-drama movie directed by David Keating and starring Jared Leto, Christina Ricci, Catherine O'Hara, Gabriel Byrne, Stephen Rea, Colm Meaney, Lorraine Pilkington, Emily Mortimer, Jason Barry.


Q &amp; A (movie)

Q & A is a 1990 American British crime drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the novel by Edwin Torres. It stars Nick Nolte, Armand Assante, Timothy Hutton, Jenny Lumet, Patrick O'Neal, Lee Richardson, Charles S. Dutton, Fyvush Finkel and was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


Zimbabwe national futsal team

The Zimbabwe national futsal team is a controlled by the Zimbabwe Football Association and made the first ever FIFA Futsal World Cup in 1989.



Daredevil: End of Days

Daredevil is a Marvel comic. It written by Brian Michael Bendis and David W. Mack.

Bartolomeo Cristofori

Bartolomeo Cristofori di Francesco (; May 4, 1655 – January 27, 1731) was an Italian musical instrument maker. He invented the piano.

Cristofori was born in Padua. Not much is known about Cristofori's early life. In 1688, he worked for Prince Ferdinando de' Medici in Florence as a musical instrument technician. He ook care of instruments for the prince. In 1716, he became the "custode" (steward) of the musical instruments. He made harpsichords and other keyboard instruments. He had his own workshop.

He started to experiment with hammer mechanisms in 1700. His earliest known piano was called (English: "A keyboard instrument which makes soft and loud sound"). The instrument became popular outside of Florence. He sold pianos to customers in Florence and Rome. Gottfried Silbermann learned of Cristofori's invention. He started to make his own pianos. Lodovico Giustini published 12 sonatas for the instrument in 1732. This was the first collection of music specifically for the piano.

Cristofori died on January 27, 1731 at the age of 75.

The Wings of a Serf

The Wings of a Serf () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yuri Tarich. It stars Leonid Leonidov, Ivan Klyukvin, and Safiyat Askarova.


Bed and Sofa

Bed and Sofa () is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Nikolai Batalov, Lyudmila Semyonova, and Vladimir Fogel.


The Club of the Big Deed

The Club of the Big Deed () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. The movie is about 1825 Decembrist revolt. It stars Emil Gal, Sergei Gerasimov, and Konstantin Khokhlov.


The Diplomatic Pouch

The Diplomatic Pouch () is a 1927 Soviet silent thriller movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars M. Buyukli, A. Klymenko, and Heorhii Zelondzhev-Shypov.


The End of St. Petersburg

The End of St. Petersburg () is a 1927 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller. It stars Alexander Chistyakov, Vera Baranovskaya, and Ivan Chuvelev.


The Forty-First (1927 movie)

The Forty-First () is a 1927 Soviet war movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Ada Vojtsik, Ivan Koval-Samborsky, and Ivan Straukh.

The Girl from a Far River

The Girl from a Far River () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Roza Sverdlova, Vladimir Romashkov, and Pyotr Kirillov.


The Girl with a Hatbox

The Girl with a Hatbox () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Anna Sten, Vladimir Mikhailov, and Vladimir Fogel.


Jews on Land

Jews on Land () is a 1927 Soviet movie directed by Abram Room.

A Kiss from Mary Pickford

A Kiss from Mary Pickford () is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Sergei Komarov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Anel Sudakevich, and Abram Room.


Little Brother (1927 movie)

Little Brother () is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Emil Gal, Sergey Gerasimov, and Tatyana Guretskaya.


Man from the Restaurant

Man from the Restaurant () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Michael Chekhov, Vera Malinovskaya, and Ivan Koval-Samborsky.

Moscow in October

Moscow in October () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Anna Sten, Boris Barnet, and Ivan Bobrov.

The Poet and the Tsar

The Poet and the Tsar () is a 1927 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin and Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Yevgeni Chervyakov, Irina Volodko, and Konstantin Karenin.


Banco Entre Ríos

The Bank of Entre Rios () (BER) is a financial services and commercial bank based in the Entre Ríos Province has the largest territorial coverage, reaching 83 percent of the inhabitants of the district.

Founded in 1933 and under the management of the Banco San Juan Group since 2005, the bank is a tool for the international trade operations of companies in the region. It participates in trade missions and has a range of international payment and collection instruments.

It has an extensive network of branches and dependencies, which are concentrated in the area of ​​financial services to the private and public sectors.


Ernest Mandel

Ernest Ezra Mandel (); (5 April 1923 – 20 July 1995), was a Belgian Marxian economist, Trotskyist activist and theorist, and Holocaust survivor.

Wild Bill Davis

Wild Bill Davis (November 24, 1918 – August 17, 1995) was the stage name of American jazz pianist, organic, and arranger William Strethen Davis.

Edmond Jouhaud

Edmond Jouhaud (; 2 April 1905 – 4 September 1995) was one of four French generals who briefly staged a putsch in Algeria in April 1961.

2022 Illinois gubernatorial election

The 2022 Illinois gubernatorial election happened on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Illinois. 

Current governor and lieutenant governor J. B. Pritzker and Juliana Stratton, the Democrat nominees, won reelection to a second term. They defeated Illinois State Senator Darren Bailey and his running mate Stephanie Trussell, the Republican nominees.








Peter Brooke, Baron Brooke of Sutton Mandeville

Peter Leonard Brooke, Baron Brooke of Sutton Mandeville, (3 March 1934 – 13 May 2023) was a British politician. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was in the Cabinet under Prime Ministers Margaret Thatcher and John Major.

He was a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Cities of London and Westminster from 1977 to 2001.

GemIdent

GemIdent is an software that helps to recgonize images and identify regions of interest in images and photographs. It is specifically designed for images with not so many colors it them. For example, to identify oranges on an orange tree.

GemIdent was developed at Stanford University by Adam Kapelner in 2006-2007. In 2008, it was improved and gained possibility to support multispectral images.

Shailesh Vara

Shailesh Lakhman Vara (born 4 September 1960) is a Ugandan-British politician. He was the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from July 2022 to September 2022. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) for North West Cambridgeshire since the 2005 general election.


Bitplane

Bitplane is software developed of Andor Technology company for 3D and 4D image analysis. It was founded in December 1992. Bitplane works in Zürich, Belfast, and South Windsor.

Bitplane got investments in 2000. After an investment with Endeavour, Bitplane started to growing in North America. After the internet bubble in 2001, Bitplane started slowly and continuously grew in sales and profitability

Imaris is Bitplane's main product. It helps in visualization, segmentation and interpretation of 3D and 4D images. Imaris visualize images in a real time in an interactive manner so everyone can see visual assessments of experiments with 3D and 4D images. Imaris has a lot of image segmentation options and tools to segment large datasets to find, divide, and visualize various objects.

In order to explore the 3D capabilities of the confocal microscope, the instrument still had to be combined with high-end graphics computers.

Joseph Quinn (actor)

Joseph Quinn (born 1993 or 1994) is a British actor. He was born in London. He appeared on British television in "Dickensian" (2016), the miniseries "Howards End" (2017) and "Catherine the Great" (2019). He is best known for playing Eddie Munson in season 4 of the series "Stranger Things".

Steve Gibbons (politician)

Stephen William Gibbons (11 September 1949 – 22 July 2022) was an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1998 until 2013. Gibbons was born in Melbourne, Australia.

Gibbons died in July 2022 at the age of 72.

Autopix

Autopix is a Norwegian company that provides services and apps for image editing. Founder and CEO of the company is Erlend Bakke.

Autopix has its origins in the company 3sixtyfactory. 3sixtyfactory was founded on February 8, 2008, by Erlend Bakke in Oslo, Norway. In the same year, Rimmon Pancito joined the company, who later became Head of Production. The company provided a range of photo services, including 360 photo editing and 3D animation.

In February 2020, the company focused on editing car photos and launched a mobile application called Autopix.

In December 2021, the service began cooperation with Toyota. The same month, Autopix cooperated and integrated with CARWEB.

In 2022, Autopix merged with 3sixtyfactory under one name and rebranded as Autopix.

Fazle Rabbi Miah

Fazle Rabbi Miah (; 15 April 1946 — 22 July 2022) was a Bangladesh Awami League politician. Miah was born in Saghata Upazila, then-British India.

Miah was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad three times, from 1986 to 1995, then 1996 to 2001 and then from 2008 until his death. He was the Deputy Speaker from 2014 until his death.

In August 2021, Miah began getting treatment for stomach cancer. He died from the disease at a hospital in New York City, New York on 22 July 2022, aged 76.

Bsoft

Bsoft is a collection of software for image and molecular processing in structural biology and medicine. It has a user-friendly interface. Several workflows such as for single particle analysis and tomography are also supported.

Current Bsoft release supports such operating systems: Unix (Mac OS X, IRIX, Linux, AIX, Solaris, Tru64), OpenVMS


Núria Feliu

Núria Feliu i Mestres (21 September 1941 – 22 July 2022) was a Spanish Catalan singer and actress. She was a popular person during the Nova Cançó movement. She was born in Barcelona. She was also a Catalonia independence activist, having supported the 2017 Catalan independence referendum.

Feliu died on 22 July 2022 in Barcelona from problems caused by a stroke, aged 80.


Dwight Smith (baseball)

John Dwight Smith Sr. (November 8, 1963 – July 22, 2022) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He played for the Chicago Cubs, California Angels, Baltimore Orioles, and Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball between 1989 and 1996. He won the 1995 World Series with the Braves.

Smith died on July 22, 2022 from congestive heart failure and respiratory failure at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 58.

Materialise NV

Materialize NV, based in Leuven, Belgium, is a company active in the field of 3D printing, offering both software and parts manufacturing.

Materialize was founded in June 1990 in Louvain2 by Wilfried Vancraen3.

In 1991, the company released the first elements of the Mimics software suite, and in 1992 the Magics software suite. The first of these suites, Mimics, transforms stacks of 2D images (eg DICOM files) into a 3D model and calculates the area of these 3D models. Initial data can be obtained by computed tomography, confocal microscopy, microtomography or microscopic tomography (micro-CT or µCT), or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) via image segmentation. 

The second, Magics, makes it possible to optimize the printing result, to simulate the process, to manage the mesh structures, to generate supports, to import data, for example in CAD formats and to export them, in particular in 3D STL files. These software suites then evolve regularly2,4.

At the same time, the company sets up web services allowing its customers to express manufacturing needs or to pilot 3D prints.

Make Way for Noddy

Make Way for Noddy is a British CGI children's musical computer-animated television series by Enid Blyton. It originally aired on Channel 5's Milkshake! in the United Kingdom for the first and the second seasons in 2002. PBS Kids & PBS Kids Sprout (2005-2010, 2012-2015) In the United States, the series got an American dub using a British voice actors by BLT Productions and Koko Studios using an American with an American accents by The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. on PBS Kids Sprout in 2005. Only the first 2 seasons were dubbed.


The Koala Brothers

The Koala Brothers is a stop-motion animated children’s television show.

A notable quality of the TV show is that although there can be differences of opinion and some instances of anti-social or unthoughtful behavior, there are no villains or antagonistic characters. Rather, the emphasis is on helping and being a good friend. It was originally premiered on both ABC Kids and CBeebies on 1 September 2003 until the final episode’s airing on 31 October 2007.

The show is currenlty streaming on Amazon Prime Video and KidoodleTV. Some episodes are available on "Koala Brothers TV" on YouTube channel.


Heat Waves

"Heat Waves" is a song by English indie rock group Glass Animals, released as a single from their third studio album "Dreamland" on 29 June 2020. It was released alongside its music video.

A sleeper hit, "Heat Waves" is the group's most successful single ever. In addition to reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart and being a top-five hit in several other European countries, it reached number one in Australia, Canada, Lithuania, Switzerland and the United States, where it reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 after a record-breaking 59 weeks on the chart. By September 2021, the song had been played more than one billion times on Spotify. At the 2022 Brit Awards "Heat Waves" was nominated for Best British Single.

Glass Animals

Glass Animals are an English indie rock band formed in Oxford in 2010. Led by singer, songwriter, and producer Dave Bayley, the group also features his childhood friends Joe Seaward, Ed Irwin-Singer and Drew MacFarlane. Bayley wrote and produced all three Glass Animals albums. Bayley spent his childhood in Massachusetts and Texas before moving to Oxford, where he met the other band members at school. Their first album, "Zaba" (2014), made way for the single "Gooey", which was eventually certified platinum in the United States. Their second full album, "How to Be a Human Being", received positive reviews and won in two categories at the 2018 MPG Awards for UK Album of the Year and Self Producing Artist of the Year, as well as a spot on the Mercury Prize shortlist. The third, "Dreamland", peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and number seven on the US "Billboard" 200.

In their live shows, they play re-worked, dance-heavy versions of their songs. Their song "Heat Waves" reached number one in Australia in February 2021 and was voted number one on the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2020. The song surpassed one billion streams on Spotify.

Lodovico Giustini

Lodovico Giustini (12 December 1685 7 February 1743) was an Italian composer, harpsichordist and organist. He is famous for having written the first pieces of music specifically for the piano.

He was born in Pistoia. His family were musicians. He became the organist at the church of S. Ignazio after his father died. He performed cantatas and wrote religious music. In 1734 he became the organist at S. Maria dell'Umiltà, the cathedral in Pistoia.

He is most famous for his set of 12 sonatas. They were published in Florence in 1732. They were meant to be played on a (English: Harpsichord of soft and strong [sound]), which is another word for the piano at that time. The sonatas have many dynamic markings. This was possible to play on the piano, but not on the harpsichord.

His Excellency (1928 movie)

His Excellency () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Leonid Leonidov, Maria Sinelnikova, and Yuly Untershlak.


Three Friends and an Invention

Three Friends and an Invention () is a 1927 Soviet silent movie directed by Aleksei Popov. It stars Sergei Lavrentyev, Aleksei Popov, and Olga Tretyakova.


Zambia national futsal team

The Zambia national futsal team is controlled by Football Association of Zambia and they are yet to feature at the FIFA Futsal World Cup.




Zombies on Broadway

Zombies on Broadway (or Loonies on Broadway in the UK) is a 1945 American horror comedy movie directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Wally Brown, Alan Carney, Bela Lugosi, Anne Jeffreys, Sheldon Leonard, Ian Wolfe, Jason Robards Sr., Darby Jones, Russell Hopton. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture

In mathematics, the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture (often called the Birch–Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture) describes the set of rational solutions to equations defining an elliptic curve. It is an open problem in the field of number theory. It is known as one of the most challenging mathematical problems. 

An elliptic curve is a function of the form formula_1, where formula_2 and formula_3 are rational numbers.

The formula_4 values that satisfy the equation are called solutions of the elliptic curve. Sometimes these solutions are both rational, both irrational, or one rational and the other irrational. It turns out that the set of rational solutions is an abelian group. This means that given rational points formula_5 and formula_6, there is a way to produce the sum formula_7, and this is another rational point. 

In 1922, Louis Mordell proved that the set of rational solutions is a finitely generated abelian group. This means that any rational point formula_5 can be written as a finite combination of certain generating points. For example, the points formula_9 and formula_10 are generators of the rational points of formula_11.  This means that all rational points on it, even very complicated points, can be written in terms of these two points. For example, we have:

formula_12

Zambia national cricket team

The Zambia national cricket team is a team that represents the Republic of Zambia in international cricket. They were a member of the International Cricket Council from 2003 to 2021.

Osteocephalus duellmani

Osteocephalus duellmani is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Cordillera del Cóndor. This was 1910 meters above sea level.

At least one adult male frog was 48.1 mm long from nose to rear end.

This frog lives in cloud forests where the trees grow close together and there is water in the air. The scientists who caught the frog saw smaller plants growing on the trees and the trees were covered in moss.

Brown falcon

The brown falcon ("Falco berigora") is a large falcon. It is native to Australia and New Guinea.


The Whirlpool (1927 movie)

The Whirlpool () is a 1927 Soviet silent movie directed by Pavel Petrov-Bytov. It stars Tatyana Guretskaya and F. Mikhajlov.

The Yellow Ticket (1928 movie)

The Yellow Ticket () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fyodor Otsep. It stars Anna Sten, Ivan Koval-Samborsky, and Mikhail Narokov.


Your Acquaintance

Your Acquaintance () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksandra Khokhlova, Pyotr Galadzhev, and Yuri Vasilchikov.


Women of Ryazan

Women of Ryazan () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Olga Preobrazhenskaya and Ivan Pravov. It stars Kuzma Yastrebitsky, Emma Tsesarskaya, and Georgi Bobynin.


Zvenigora

Zvenigora () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Georgi Astafyev, Nikolai Nademsky, and Vladimir Uralsky.


The Doll with Millions

The Doll with Millions () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Sergei Komarov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Vladimir Fogel, and Galina Kravchenko.


Don Diego and Pelagia

Don Diego and Pelagia () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Mariya Blyumental-Tamarina, Anatoliy Bykov, and Vladimir Mikhaylov.


Käthe Erfling

Käthe Erfling also written as Käte Erfling (born 18 December 1911) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the sprint events. She was a member of SV Duisburg, later Stadt SV Köln and represented Germany at international competitions.

One of the earliest representations with the national team was at the 1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition where she competed in the 100 metres and 4x 100 metres relay. In 1931 she competed with the national team in Paris, including in the 4x 100 metres. In 1932 she was part of the national team in Elberfeld. 

In 1933, Erfling started studying at University of Cologne. She competed athletics with the university and became a member of athletics club Stadt SV Köln.

Erfling won the bronze medal at the 1935 International University Games in the 400 metres event in a time of 62.1 seconds. With this time she was the fastest German women in the 400 metres of 1935, the first year official German 400 metres times were registered.

Her last achievement was in August 1938 in Mannheim setting a time of 25.9 in the 200 metres.







Montage (filmmaking)

Montage is an editing technique in film. In montage, shots are placed one after another in a sequence. The series of shots use less space and time. Montage can tell a story very fast. It can give much information in a short amount of time. In French, the word montage simply means editing. Montage is an important part of Soviet Montage Theory. Soviet theorists believed montage could create meaning and symbolism. There are several types of montage editing. Several were originally part of Soviet Montage Theory, but are common in films today.

Metric montage is not connected to emotions or a deeper meaning. It is based on the number of frames (single image in a video). It is mathematically and symmetric. This type of montage can be jarring and unpleasant. It is not often used in movies. 

Rhythmic montage cuts clips based on the actions of the images. The images are matched with what is happening. This creates continuity and makes things less abrupt. This is a common form of montage. 

Tonal montage cuts images based on the emotions of a scene. Directors place two images together to create emotions. 

Overtonal montage combines metric, rhythmic and tonal montage. The combination creates deeper emotions. 

Intellectual montage combines images to add meaning and emotions. It can often create metaphors. This type of montage creates the Kuleshov effect. 

Sports training montage is a type of montage to show sport athletes training. It often shows physical training with shortcut images appearing really fast. The time of multiple weeks or months happens in a couple of minutes on the screen. It is common in America and in East Asian martial arts films.

Earth's internal heat budget

Earth's internal heat budget is about heat that comes from the Earth itself, not heat from the Sun. 

The flow of heat from Earth's interior to the surface is estimated at 47±2 terawatts (TW). It comes from two main sources in roughly equal amounts. There is the "radiogenic heat" produced by the radioactive decay of isotopes in the mantle and crust. Secondly, there is the "primordial heat" left over from the formation of Earth.

As many people know, the deeper down you go, the hotter the Earth gets. Mine shafts are a good example of this.

This is still being produced. but its amount reduces very slowly as time passes. Remember, these radioactive elements are produced in supernovae, and are quite different from the Sun, which is mostly hydrogen. The planets are completely different from the Sun, historically and in their make-up.

Primordial heat is the heat lost by the Earth as it continues to cool from its original formation, in contrast to its still actively-produced radiogenic heat. 

The Earth core's heat flow—heat leaving the core and flowing into the overlying mantle is thought to be due to primordial heat. It is estimated as 5–15 TW. 


Cromwell, Minnesota

Cromwell is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Kettle River, Minnesota

Kettle River is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Moose Lake, Minnesota

Moose Lake is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Scanlon, Minnesota

Scanlon is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Wrenshall, Minnesota

Wrenshall is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Wright, Minnesota

Wright is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Carver, Minnesota

Carver is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Old City, Philadelphia

Old City is a neighborhood in Center City, Philadelphia. It is in the eastern part of Center City near the Delaware River. It contains many famous historic buildings from the Revolutionary Era. The most famous building is Independence Hall. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and part of the Independence National Historical Park. The Indepence Hall is where the Declaration of Independence and the US Constitution were written and signed. The famous Liberty Bell is also part of this national park. The Old City Historic District is in Old City. It includes many other historic buildings like Carpenter's Hall, Betsy Ross House and Elfreth's Alley. Christ Church is a famous historic church building. The neighborhood is also the oldest part of Philadelphia. It is where William Penn and Quakers settled.

Kimmel Center for Performing Arts

The Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts is a building for performing arts in Center City, Philadelphia. It is on the "Avenue of the Arts" street. The Kimmel Center is the main performance hall for the Philadelphia Orchestra. The Philadelphia Youth Orchestra, Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia, Philadanco and the Philadelphia Chamber Music Society also play there. There are also other performances like jazz and pop. The main hall is Verizon Hall with about 2,500 seats. The Perelman Theater is a smaller recital hall. 

Italy-Palestine relations

Italian-Palestinian relations are the international relations between the Italian Republic and the State of Palestine. Italy has a general consulate in Jerusalem, and the State of Palestine has an embassy in Rome.
After the 1967 war, Palestinian students flocked to study in Italian universities, and with it a branch of the General Union of Palestinian Students was established in Italy, which was the only Palestinian presence until 1974 when it received the delegation of the Palestine Liberation Organization under the name of “the office” at the headquarters of the League of Arab States until 1979. Nimer Hammad was the first Palestinian representative to Italy.
In 1980, Italy recognized the Palestine Liberation Organization as the representative of the Palestinian people.

After the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat visited Italy and met with Italian Prime Minister Betino Craxi, and a representative office of the PLO in Italy was opened under the name of “Information and Liaison Office” and Palestinian officials were treated in their representative capacity for the PLO. In 1989, the Palestinian delegation was granted diplomatic status and Italy recognized its Palestinian General Commission.
On November 30, 2011, Italian President Giorgio Napolitano agreed to consider the Palestinian delegation a diplomatic mission and granted the status of ambassador to the head of the mission, and on January 10, 2012, Ambassador Sabri Attia presented his credentials as ambassador.

Also, on October 31, 2011, it abstained from voting in favor of Palestine's membership in the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

In 2012, Italy voted to recognize the State of Palestine as a 2012 observer member at the United Nations.

On 27 February 2015, the Italian Parliament recognized the State of Palestine and urged the Italian government to recognize it. In 2016, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi criticized a UNESCO resolution which stated: “It demands that Israel, the occupying power, allow a return to the historical situation that existed until September 2000. Strongly deplores the continued incursion of Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif by Israeli right-wing extremists. He denounces the restrictions imposed by Israel on Al-Aqsa Mosque. Reaffirms the obligation of Israel to preserve the integrity, authenticity and cultural heritage of Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif, in accordance with the historical situation that existed, as an Islamic holy site of worship and an integral part of a World Cultural Heritage site. He reiterates that the slope of the Mughrabi Gate is an integral part of Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif.” His country abstained from voting.

The Italian Consulate General in Jerusalem is the highest diplomatic representation of the Italian Republic to the State of Palestine. The Consulate has two offices, one in the Qatamon neighborhood and the other in the Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood in Jerusalem. Giuseppe Fidel has been the Italian Consul General since 2020.

Cinnamon teal

The cinnamon teal ("Spatula cyanoptera") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

National Institute of Statistics and Census of Argentina

The National Institute of Statistics and Censuses (; INDEC) is a decentralized public body of a technical nature that operates within the orbit of the Ministry of Economy of the Nation, which exercises the superior direction of all official statistical activities carried out in the Argentine Republic.

The INDEC produces statistical information on Argentina that can be used by governments for planning public policies. It can also be used for other research and projections that are carried out in academic and private spheres.

The individual data provided by citizens are confidential and are protected by statistical secrecy as established by Argentine Law No. 17,622.

Component-based software engineering

Component-based software engineering, or component-based software development is an idea from computer science. It says that complex systems should be made of smaller pieces, called components. Each component has a given functionality, and an interface that can be used to communicate with it. Well-designed components can be re-used. An application can then be made by combining and extending different compoents. These components will then use each other's interfaces to communicate.

El Trece Internacional

El Trece Internacional is an international subscription television channel of Argentine origin. It is the international signal of the El Trece networks from Buenos Aires, one of the main Argentine television stations, with availability for subscription television in America and Europe.

The signal was launched on April 6, 2009. Initially, the signal used to broadcast a block called Animatic TV. In August 2014, it was broadcast on the channel "Volver".

In 2014, eltrece Internacional launched its version in HD.

Since 2015, the channel broadcasts segments showing different landscapes of Argentina, called "Argentina Mía", during breaks.

In February 2018, Eltrece Internacional is incorporated into the "Cablevisión Uruguay" grid.


National Geographic (American TV channel)

National Geographic (formerly National Geographic Channel; abbreviated and trademarked as Nat Geo or Nat Geo TV), is an American subscription television channel launched by National Geographic Partners. Its programming is based on approximately 45-minute documentaries on scientific exploration, history, nature and culture, among others.

The National Geographic channels were previously mostly controlled by Fox International Channels, but due to Disney's purchase of 21st Century Fox they are now controlled by Disney and its divisions.

List of movies considered the best

This is a list of movies considered the best based on various polls. These are polls for critics and the public. Votes are subjective and can be biased.

"Sight & Sound" 100 Greatest Films of all Time 2012: 


"Time Out" 100 Best Movies of All Time: 


AFI'S 100 YEARS...100 MOVIES — 10TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION


"The Village Voice" 100 Greatest Films 


"Entertainment Weekly" 100 Greatest Movies of All Time 

IndieWire's 50 Best Movies of All Time: 


"BBC"'s The 100 greatest films directed by women: 

"Ebony"'s 1998 "Top Black Films of All Times": 


"Brussels World's Fair" of 1958 - The 12 Best Films of All Time
"Cahiers du cinéma's 100 films pour une cinémathèque idéale"
"Télérama" Les 100 meilleurs films de tous les temps: 

"Le Temps" The Fifty Best Films according to Swiss Critics


"Cinephilia.net" Critics' 10 Greatest Films 2012: 

"Steadycam" Critic's 30 Favorite Films 2007: 

"Film Magazine" Critics' Best Foreign Movies Poll: 

"Kinema Junpo" Critics' Best Foreign Movies:


"Empire Magazine" 50 Best Movies 2001: 

"Empire"'s 500 Greatest Movies of All Time 2008:
Harris Interactive Survey Poll 2008: 


"Time Out" Top 100 Films Reader's Poll 1998: 

IMDb Reader's Top 250 Movies: 

"Cinema"'s Readers Best Films of All Time 2000: 


BBC's 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century: 


"Time Out"'s The 100 best movies of the 21st century: 


"The Gaurdian"'s The 100 best films of the 21st century


"Time Out" New York 100 Best Action Movies 2014: 


"Time Out" The 101 best action movies of all time 2022: 


"Time Out" The 100 best animated films of all time:


Animation Films in BBC's The 21st Century’s 100 greatest films: 


Greatest Christmas Films Excluding "Die Hard" by Axios and SurveyMonkey 2018:


"Empire"'s Greatest Christmas Movies 2015: 


AFI's 100 YEARS...100 LAUGHS: 


"Rolling Stone"'s Readers’ Poll: The 25 Funniest Movies of All Time 2014:


"Time Out" The 50 best gangster movies of all time: 


AFI's 10 TOP 10 Gangster Films: 


"Business Insider" Critics 100 Best Crime Movies of all Time:


Critics’ 50 Greatest Documentaries of All Time "Sight & Sound" 


"TimeOut" The 50 best fantasy movies of all time


"TimeOut" The 100 best horror movies of all time


"Empire" Magazine The 50 Best Horror Movies 


Louisiana Creole people

Louisiana Creole people are people of mixed colonial French, Spanish, African American and Native American ancestry from Louisiana. 

Louisiana Creole

Louisiana Creole is a language derived from French spoken by the Louisiana Creole people in Louisiana.

Louisiana Creole cuisine

Louisiana Creole cuisine is the cuisine of the Louisiana Creole people in Louisiana. It is influenced by French, Italian, Spanish, African, German, Caribbean, Native American, and Portuguese cuisine.

Wuthering Heights (1920 movie)

Wuthering Heights is a 1920 British silent drama movie directed by A. V. Bramble. The movie is based on the 1847 novel by Emily Brontë. The movie has the same name as Brontë's novel. It stars Milton Rosmer, Ann Trevor, Colette Brettel, Warwick Ward, Cecil Morton York, Cyril Raymond, Dora De Winton. It is a lost movie.


Osteocephalus cannatellai

Osteocephalus cannatellai is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 1290 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 38.5-57.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 62.6-72.8 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark green in color with light brown or dark brown marks. Its belly can be gray or creamy in color to dark brown with lighter spots. There is a light mark underneath each eye. The sides of the body are light green in color with darker marks. The bones are green in color. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with dark marks. Some frogs have bright blue color where the legs meet the body and other parts of the legs.

This frog lives near streams with rocky bottoms. People have seen it sitting on leaves and branches 0.5 to 2.3 meters above the forest floor.

Scientists named this frog after David C. Cannatella, who studied the frogs of South America and taught many other people how to study them. 

Sony Movies (Latin America)

Sony Movies is a Latin American subscription television channel of US origin, specializing in the broadcast of movies. Broadcast from Mexico City and Bogotá in Spanish, and from São Paulo to Brazil in Portuguese, it is owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment and currently distributed by Ole Distribution, a joint venture between Ole Communications, Warner Bros. Discovery and The Walt Disney Company.

Cologne, Minnesota

Cologne is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Hamburg, Minnesota

Hamburg is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

New Germany, Minnesota

New Germany is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Norwood Young America, Minnesota

Norwood Young America is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Victoria, Minnesota

Victoria is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Waconia, Minnesota

Waconia is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Backus, Minnesota

Backus is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Sony Movies

Sony Movies (formerly known as Sony Movie Channel from 2010 to 2021) is an American subscription television channel that launched on October 1, 2010. Owned by subsidiary Sony Pictures Television.
Sony Movies is available nationally on Philo, DirecTV and Dish Network, and regionally on AT&T U-Verse, Suddenlink, Optimum.

Sony Cine (also known as Cine Sony Televisión from 2011 to 2017 and formerly known as Cine Sony from 2017 to 2021) is an American Spanish-language pay television channel, broadcasting with dubbed movies in Spanish. It is owned by Sony Pictures Television. The channel launched in August 2012 with a focus on showcasing Hollywood blockbusters featuring dramas, comedies, and thrillers from Sony Pictures Entertainment and other partner studios. It is distributed nationwide by Comcast, Cox Communications, CenturyLink, Dish Network, DirecTV, Sling, and Verizon.

Bena, Minnesota

Bena is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Boy River, Minnesota

Boy River is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Cass Lake, Minnesota

Cass Lake is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Chickamaw Beach, Minnesota

Chickamaw Beach is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

East Gull Lake, Minnesota

East Gull Lake is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Federal Dam, Minnesota

Federal Dam is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Contact (Garau)

Contact (also known as Contatto) is a 21st-century landscape, is a painting by the Italian painter Salvatore Garau painted in 2003, a mixed technique on PVC sheet, measuring 50 x 50 cm centimeters.


"Salvatore Garau's canvases depict spaces animated by movements and pictorial events. Spaces that must be revived, experienced, filtered by emotions and identified with a scene." (Lorand Hegyi)




Galt, Missouri

Galt is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Spickard, Missouri

Spickard is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Tindall, Missouri

Tindall is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Golden Beak

Golden Beak () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars A. Yefimov, Gennadiy Michurin, and Sergei Minin.


The House in the Snow-Drifts

The House in the Snow-Drifts () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. The movie is based on the short story "The Cave" by Yevgeny Zamyatin. It stars Fyodor Nikitin, Tatyana Okova, and Valeri Solovtsov.

Clinton, Missouri

Clinton is the county seat of Henry County, Missouri, United States.

Black Mama White Mama

Black Mama White Mama (also known as "Women in Chains") is a 1973 American Filipino action movie directed by Eddie Romero. It is a remake of the 1958 movie "The Defiant Ones". It stars Pam Grier, Sid Haig, Margaret Markov, Zaldy Zshornack, Eddie Gracia, Alona Alegre, Alfonso Carvajal.


The House on Trubnaya

The House on Trubnaya () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Vladimir Fogel, and Yelena Tyapkina.


Kastus Kalinovskiy (movie)

Kastus Kalinovskiy () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Nikolai Simonov, V. Plotnikov, and Kondrat Yakovlev.


Mutiny (1928 movie)

Mutiny () is a 1928 Soviet war drama movie directed by Semyon Tymoshenko. It stars Pyotr Podvalny, Aleksey Alekseev, and .


My Son (1928 movie)

My Son () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Gennadiy Michurin, Anna Sten, and Pyotr Berezov.


The Night Coachman

The Night Coachman () is a 1928 Soviet silent movie directed by Georgi Tasin. It stars Amvrosi Buchma, Maria Dyusimeter, and Nikolai Nademsky.


The Parisian Cobbler

he Parisian Cobbler () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Veronika Buzhinskaya, Bella Chernova, and Yakov Gudkin.

Salamander (1928 movie)

Salamander () is a 1928 Soviet-German silent drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Bernhard Goetzke, Natalya Rozenel, and Nikolay Khmelyov.


Storm over Asia (1928 movie)

Storm over Asia () is a 1928 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Valéry Inkijinoff, I. Dedintsev, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Chattahoochee Hills, Georgia

Chattahoochee Hills is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Bice del Balzo at the Castle of Rosate

Bice del Balzo at the Castle of Rosate (also known as Bice del Balzo at the Castle of Rosate) is a 19th-century painted in oil on canvas made by Vincenzo Petrocelli, in 1840, in Venice, Italy. The artwork measures centimeters 89 x 102, it is part of the Collection of the Palace of Caserta Museum.

Taken from the novel "Marco Visconti" by Tommaso Grossi published in 1834, the scene depicted shows Bice del Balzo in the castle of her father, Count Oldrado del Balzo, in 1329. Courted by Marco Visconti but in love with Ottorino, cousin of Marco, she ends up dying from the shenanigans of this last...



East Point, Georgia

East Point is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Hapeville, Georgia

Hapeville is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

South Fulton, Georgia

South Fulton is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Union City, Georgia

Union City is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

The Great Gatsby (1949 movie)

The Great Gatsby is a 1949 American drama movie directed by Elliott Nugent and was the second version of the 1925 novel of the same name. It stars Alan Ladd, Betty Field, Macdonald Carey, Shelley Winters, Ruth Hussey, Ed Begley, Henry Hull, Howard Da Silva, Tito Vuolo and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The White Eagle

The White Eagle () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Vasili Kachalov, Anna Sten, and Vsevolod Meyerhold.


Arsenal (1929 movie)

Arsenal () is a 1929 Soviet silent war movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Semyon Svashenko, Georgiy Kharkiv, and Amvrosy Buchma.


Fragment of an Empire

Fragment of an Empire () is a 1929 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Fyodor Nikitin, Yakov Gudkin, and Lyudmila Semyonova.


The General Line

The General Line () is a 1929 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov and Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Martha Lapkina, M. Ivanin, and Konstantin Vasilyev.


The Happy Canary

The Happy Canary () is a 1929 Soviet silent adventure movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Galina Kravchenko, Andrey Fayt, and Ada Vojtsik.


Huckleberry Finn (1920 movie)

Huckleberry Finn is a 1920 American silent adventure movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and was based on the 1884 novel "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" by Mark Twain. It stars Lewis Sargent, Katherine Griffith, Martha Mattox, Frank Lanning, Orral Humphrey, Edythe Chapman and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


An Hour with Chekhov

An Hour with Chekhov () is a 1929 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Mikhail Tarkhanov, Mariya Strelkova, and Andrey Petrovsky.


The Lame Gentleman

The Lame Gentleman () is a 1929 Soviet silent movie directed by Konstantin Eggert. It stars Mikhail Klimov, Nikolai Aleksandrov, and L. Cherkes.

The Last Attraction

The Last Attraction () is a 1929 Soviet movie directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya. It stars Ivan Bykov, Yelena Maksimova, and Raisa Puzhnaya.


The Living Corpse (1929 movie)

The Living Corpse () is a 1929 German-Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fyodor Otsep. It stars Vsevolod Pudovkin, Maria Jacobini, and Viola Garden.


The New Babylon

The New Babylon () is a 1929 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Arnold Arnold, Sergei Gerasimov, and David Gutman.


Post (movie)

Post () is a 1929 Soviet animated movie directed by Mikhail Tsekhanovsky.

Turksib (movie)

Turksib () is a 1929 Soviet documentary movie directed by Viktor Turin.

Two-Buldi-Two

Two-Buldi-Two () is a 1929 Soviet movie directed by Nina Agadzhanova and Lev Kuleshov. The movie tells the story of circus performers during the Civil War. It stars Sergey Komarov, Vladimir Kochetov, and Anel Sudakevich.

Cities and Years

Cities and Years () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Konstantin Fedin. It stars Bernhard Goetzke, Ivan Chuvelyov, and Gennadiy Michurin.


The Civil Servant

The Civil Servant () is a 1930 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Lidiya Nenasheva, and Naum Rogozhin.


Earth (1930 movie)

Earth () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Stepan Shkurat, Semen Svashenko, and Yuliya Solntseva.


The Earth Is Thirsty

The Earth Is Thirsty () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Y. Agramov, I. Aksyonov, and Kira Andronikashvili.

The Ghost That Never Returns

The Ghost That Never Returns () is a 1930 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Boris Ferdinandov, A. Filippov, and Karl Gurnyak.


Judas (1930 movie)

Judas () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Evgeniy Ivanov-Barkov. It stars Aleksandr Antonov, Boris Ferdinandov, and Vasili Kovrigin.

A Simple Case

A Simple Case () is a 1930 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Doller and Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Aleksandr Baturin, Yevgeniya Rogulina, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


The Sleeping Beauty (1930 movie)

The Sleeping Beauty () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Georgi Vasilyev and Sergei Vasilyev. It stars Konstantin Mukhutdinov, Varvara Myasnikova, and Nikolay Simonov.


St. Jorgen's Day

St. Jorgen's Day () is a 1930 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Anatoly Ktorov, and Mikhail Klimov.


Wind in the Face

Wind in the Face () is a 1930 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Aleksandr Melnikov, Oleg Zhakov, and Zoya Gleizarova.


Alone (1931 Soviet movie)

Alone () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Trauberg and Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Pyotr Sobolevsky, and Sergei Gerasimov.


Akinwunmi Ambode

Akinwunmi Ambode (born 14 June 1963) is a Nigerian politician who as served as the governor of Lagos from 2015 to 2019. Ambode was a public servant for 27 years and a financial consultant before he contested as the governor of Lagos state.

Ambode was born on 14 June 1963 in Epe General Hospital, to Mr Festus Akinwale Ambode and Mrs Christianah Oluleye Ambode. He is one of the ten children of his father. Ambode started his education at St. Jude's Primary School, Ebute Metta, Lagos State, Nigeria from 1969 to 1974, where he wrote his National Common Entrance Examinations. After his primary school education, he proceeded to Federal Government College, Warri, Delta State for his secondary school education from 1974 to 1981.

And Quiet Flows the Don (1931 movie)

And Quiet Flows the Don () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya. The movie is an adaptation of the first two books of the eponymous novel by Mikhail Sholokhov. It stars Nikolay Podgorny, Andrei Abrikosov, and Emma Tsesarskaya.


Enthusiasm (movie)

Enthusiasm () is a 1931 Soviet movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

Forty Hearts

Forty Hearts () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov.

Nail in the Boot

Nail in the Boot () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Aleksandre Jaliashvili, Siko Palavandishvili, and Akaki Khorava.

Road to Life (1931 movie)

Road to Life () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Ekk. It stars Nikolai Batalov, Yvan Kyrlya, and Mikhail Dzhagofarov.


Sniper (1931 movie)

Sniper () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Boris Shlikhting, Pyotr Sobolevsky, and Pyotr Kirillov.


The Thaw (1931 movie)

The Thaw () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Vera Marinich, Aleksandr Zhukov, and Anton Martynov.


Tommy (1931 movie)

Tommy () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. The movie is based on the play Armoured Train 14-69 by Vsevolod Ivanov. It stars Aleksei Temerin, A. Zhutayev, and Mikhail Kedrov.


Counterplan (movie)

Counterplan () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich and Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Vladimir Gardin, Mariya Blyumental, and Tatyana Guretskaya.


Horizon (1932 movie)

Horizon () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Nikolai Batalov, Dmitriy Kara-Dmitriev, and Nikolai Gladkov.


The House of the Dead (1932 movie)

The House of the Dead () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Fyodorov. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It stars Nikolay Khmelyov, Nikolai Podgorny, and Nikolai Vitovtov.


Ivan (1932 movie)

Ivan () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars K. Bondarevsky, Dmitry Golubinsky, and Elena Golki.


¡Que viva México!

¡Que viva México! () is a 1932 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein.

The Conveyor of Death

The Conveyor of Death () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Ada Vojtsik, Veronika Polonskaya, and Tamara Makarova.


The Deserter (1933 movie)

The Deserter () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Boris Livanov, Vasili Kovrigin, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


The Great Consoler

The Great Consoler () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Konstantin Khokhlov, Ivan Novoseltsev, and Vasili Kovrigin.


House of Greed

House of Greed () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Vladimir Gardin, Tatyana Bulakh-Gardina, and Nina Latonina.


My Motherland (movie)

My Motherland () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Bari Haydarov, Gennadiy Michurin, and Aleksandr Melnikov.


Outskirts (1933 movie)

Outskirts () is a 1933 Soviet war drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Sergey Komarov, Elena Kuzmina, and Robert Erdmann.


The Storm (1933 movie)

The Storm () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. The movie is based on play by Alexander Ostrovsky, The Storm. It stars Alla Tarasova, Ivan Chuvelyov, and Mikhail Tsaryov.


Nzema language

Nzema, also known as Nzima or Appolo, is a Central Tano language spoken by the Nzema people of southwestern Ghana and southeastern Ivory Coast. It is partially intelligible with Jwira-Pepesa and is closely related to Baoulé

Sierra Leone national cricket team

The Sierra Leone national cricket team is a cricket team that represents the Republic of Sierra Leone in cricket and were granted membership in the International Cricket Council in 2002.

When Your Love is Gone

"When Your Love is Gone" is a song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the fourth single from the 1990 album Two Fires. It went to number 7 in Australia and number 17 in New Zealand.

CD single (K 10321)

Cuz I Love You

Cuz I Love You is the third studio album by American singer and rapper Lizzo. It is Lizzo's first album on a major label and was released through Nice Life and Atlantic Records on April 19, 2019. The album features guest appearances from Missy Elliott and Gucci Mane. Two singles "Juice" and "Tempo" (with Missy Elliott) were released from the album. 

The deluxe edition of the album was released on May 3. It won Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards. It includes the single "Truth Hurts". "Truth Hurts" peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

Chapaev (movie)

Chapaev () is a 1934 Soviet war movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Boris Babochkin, Boris Blinov, and Varvara Myasnikova.


Osteocephalus camufatus

Osteocephalus camufatus is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in two places.

The skin on the frog's back is dark green in color. It has some light brown marks on its back. Its belly has tan spots. The legs have dark marks on them.

Accordion (movie)

Accordion () is a 1934 Soviet movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Zoya Fyodorova, Pyotr Savin, and Igor Savchenko.


Boule de Suif (1934 movie)

Boule de Suif () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Galina Sergeyeva, Andrey Fayt, and Faina Ranevskaya.


Crown Prince of the Republic

Crown Prince of the Republic () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eduard Ioganson. It stars Pyotr Kirillov, Yevgeniya Pyryalova, and Andrei Apsolon.


Dokhunda

Dokhunda () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Kamil Yarmatov, T. Rakhmanova, and Semyon Svashenko.


The Four Visits of Samuel Wolfe

The Four Visits of Samuel Wolfe () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Viktor Kulakov, and Maksim Shtraukh.

Lieutenant Kijé (movie)

Lieutenant Kijé () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Mikhail Yanshin, Boris Gorin-Goryainov, and Nina Shaternikova.


Serratia

"Serratia" – genus of Gram-negative anaerobic rod-shaped bacteria, some species of which produce a red pigment, prodigiosin. Members of "Serratia" were initially considered harmless, however, they cause infections in animals, plants, humans, and insects. The diseases include pneumonia, meningitis, endocarditis, and wound infections. The most common species – "Serratia" "marcescens", was found to be highly pathogenic to humans and animals. "S. marcescens" is included in hospital-acquired infections; found in urinary, respiratory, and gastrointestinal tracts. They cause disease mainly in individuals with weak immune system. Other species cause bone and cardiovascular system infections. 

"Serratia" genus occupies wide range of habitats, including water, both seawater and drinking water; plants, such as vegetables, mushrooms, grasses, mosses; and insects: healthy, diseased and dead. 

The discovery of "Serratia" genus began with "Serratia marcescens" species colonised food in 1819. In the city of Padula, Italy, cornmeal dish, called polenta, of many people turned red. This phenomenon was called “bloody polenta” and was believed to have a diabolical origin. The investigation began, and Pietro Melo wrote a paper where he stated that it was spontaneous fermentation. For four years Bartolomeo Bizio, a Venetian pharmacist observed small red spots which got larger and subsequently merged into a red mass. Later, in 1823, he published a paper where he stated that the organism was a fungus and named him "Serratia marcescens" (after a Florentine physicist Serafino Serrati). 

Transmission occurs hand-to-hand, through hospital equipment, such as catheters, and also sinks, blood products and antiseptics.  

"S. marcescens" species are increasingly resistant to antibiotics, they rapidly acquire resistant genes, which makes the infections difficult to treat. Gentamicin is the common antibiotic that was used to treat "S. marcescens" infections, however, bacteria became resistant to it. "S. marcescens" has the ability to produce beta-lactamase, which is the enzyme providing bacteria resistance to beta lactam antibiotics, such as penicillin. Now the treatment is more effective in a combination of different antibiotics5.  

Timeline of prehistory

The timeline of prehistory covers the time from when humans first appeared to the time writing was invented.

The Unguarded Hour

The Unguarded Hour is a 1936 American drama movie directed by Sam Wood and was based on the 1935 play of the same name by Bernard Merivale. It stars Loretta Young, Lewis Stone, Franchot Tone, Roland Young, Jessie Ralph, Henry Daniell, Aileen Pringle, Dudley Digges, Wallis Clark and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Sunderland, Vermont

Sunderland is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Winhall, Vermont

Winhall is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Woodford, Vermont

Woodford is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Barnet, Vermont

Barnet is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Burke, Vermont

Burke is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Groton, Vermont

Groton is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Hardwick, Vermont

Hardwick is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Kirby, Vermont

Kirby is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Lyndon, Vermont

Lyndon is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Newark, Vermont

Newark is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Peacham, Vermont

Peacham is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Ryegate, Vermont

Ryegate is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Sheffield, Vermont

Sheffield is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Queer Duck: The Movie

Queer Duck: The Movie is a 2006 American animated movie for adults. The movie is based on the web series "Queer Duck". It was produced by for Mishmash Media Inc. It was rated PG-13 in the United States, 15 in the United Kingdom and MA15+ in Australia. 

The movie was first broadcast on the gay-themed channel Logo on July 16, 2006. It then had a direct-to-DVD release on July 18, 2006, from Paramount Home Entertainment. On September 16, 2016, it was broadcast on Teletoon's nighttime programming block, Teletoon at Night, "Queer Duck: The Movie" shows alcohol, smoking and drug use. Profanity is used often in the movie, but Queer Duck: The Movie Is OK For 13 Year Old, but Queer Duck: The Movie Teens Should Be Fine, but Queer Duck: The Movie there lots of alcohol, smoking, and drug references in the film, and there lots of profanity too in the film, but Queer Duck: The Movie is age 13+ for teenagers.

1959 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1959 Final Tournament was held in Bulgaria.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1960 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1960 Final Tournament was held in Austria.

The following teams entered the tournament:


<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The UEFA European Under-19 Championship, or simply UEFA Under-19 Championship or the UEFA Euro U-19, is an yearly football competition, challenged by the European men's under-19 national teams of the member associations of UEFA.

Spain and England are the most successful team in this competition, having won eleven titles each. England are also the current champions.

The competition has been held since 1948. It was originally called the FIFA International Youth Tournament, until it was taken over by UEFA in 1956. In 1980, it was restyled the UEFA European Under-18 Championship. Until the 1997 tournament, players born on or after 1 August the year they turned 19 years were eligible to compete. Since the 1998 tournament, the date limit has been moved back to 1 January. The championship received its current name in 2001, which has been used since the 2002 championship. The contest has been held every year since its founding in 1948, except for the period between 1984 and 1992, when it was only held every other year.

The tournament has been played in a number of different formats during its existence. Currently it has two stages, similar to UEFA's other European championship competitions. The qualifying stage is open to all UEFA members, and the final stage is battled between eight teams.

During even years, the best finishing teams qualify for the FIFA U-20 World Cup held in the next (odd) year. Currently, five teams can qualify for the World Cup, having the top two of their groups plus the winner of a play-off match between the third-placed teams of each group.

Note: 
"1954 Third place ." "1966 Title Shared between and ." "1957 Third place Shared between and ."

For certain tournaments, the official website UEFA.com subsequently named a "Golden Player". 

Honour shared.

The "Top goalscorer" award is awarded to the player who scores the most goals during the tournament. 




1961 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1961 Final Tournament was held in Portugal.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>
Three Friendly Matches were also played during the tournament.


Three Steps to Heaven (song)

"Three Steps to Heaven" is a song co-written by Eddie Cochran released in 1960 and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland shortly after his death on April 17, 1960.

1962 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1962 Final Tournament was held in Romania.

The following teams entered the tournament:

The 20th participant was Brașov XI.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1963 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1963 Final Tournament was held in England. It was considered to be the 16th International Youth Football Tournament.

It was hosted by England as part of the Football Association's hundredth celebration.

A match between and (3-0) may have been related to the qualifying stage as well.

The following teams qualified for the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1964 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1964 Final Tournament was held in the Netherlands.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1965 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1965 Final Tournament was held in West Germany.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1966 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1966 Final Tournament was held in Yugoslavia. The Soviet Union and Italy drew their final match and shared the title.

The following teams entered the tournament. Four teams qualified for the tournament (Q) and the other teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1967 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1967 Final Tournament was held in Turkey.

The following teams entered the tournament. Seven teams qualified (Q) and nine teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1968 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1968 Final Tournament was held in France.

The following teams entered the tournament. Eight teams qualified (Q) and eight teams entered without playing qualification matches.


<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1969 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1969 Final Tournament was held in East Germany.

<br>
The following teams entered the tournament. Eight teams qualified (Q) and eight teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1970 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1970 Final Tournament was held in Scotland.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

The following teams entered the tournament. Six teams qualified (Q) and ten teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


Welcome to the Jungle

"Welcome to the Jungle" is a song by the American rockband Guns N' Roses. It featured on their debut album "Appetite for Destruction" and went to number 7 in the United States and number 6 in New Zealand.

All songs credited to Guns N' Roses except where noted

Dominik Lechner

Dominik Lechner (born 1 April 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for 2. Liga club Liefering.
He started his career with the youth team of SV Kuchl. In 2012 he came to FC Red Bull Salzburg youth. From 2019 on he was in the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In July 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he came on in the 65th minute for Zeteny Jano in the league match against Young Violets Austria Wien.

Lechner played for the Austrian U 17 team. He debuted in April 2022 versus Romania.

FX (TV channel)

FX is an American pay television channel owned by FX Networks, LLC. It is based at the Fox Studios lot in Century City, California. 

FX's most popular original shows include "Justified", "Damages", "Nip/Tuck", "Rescue Me", "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", "The League", "Sons of Anarchy", "The Shield", "The Strain", "Archer", "American Horror Story", "Anger Management", "The Americans", "Better Things", "Louie", "You're the Worst", "Fargo", "American Crime Story", "Legion", "Snowfall", "Atlanta", and "Welcome to Wrexham".


FXX

FXX is an American basic cable channel owned by the Walt Disney Television unit of The Walt Disney Company through FX Networks, LLC.

Mohammad Sadeqi

Dominik Lechner (born 8 January 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering.
He started his career with the youth teams of his local club SV Roppen. After one year with Wacker Innsbruck he went to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In 2022 he became part of the FC Liefering squad in Austrias Second League.

Tomorrow Come Today

Tomorrow Come Today is the third studio album by Boysetsfire. The album was released on April 1, 2003.

Marionettes (movie)

Marionettes () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Anatoly Ktorov, Nikolai Radin, and Valentina Tokarskaya.


A Petersburg Night

A Petersburg Night () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal and Vera Stroyeva. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Boris Dobronravov, and Kseniya Tarasova.


The Private Life of Pyotr Vinogradov

The Private Life of Pyotr Vinogradov () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Macheret. It stars Boris Livanov, V. Tsishevsky, and Konstantin Gradopolov.

Three Songs About Lenin

Three Songs About Lenin () is a 1934 Soviet movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

Aerograd

Aerograd () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Stepan Shagaida, Sergei Stolyarov, and Yevgeniya Melnikova.


Bezhin Meadow

Bezhin Meadow () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Viktor Kartashov, Nikolay Khmelyov, and Boris Zakhava.


Dzhulbars

Dzhulbars () is a 1935 Soviet action movie directed by Vladimir Schneiderov. It stars , , and .


Happiness (1935 movie)

Happiness () is a 1935 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin. It stars Peter Zinoviev and Elena Egorova.


Lyotchiki

Lyotchiki () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Ivan Koval-Samborsky, Yevgenia Melnikova, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Red Army Days

Red Army Days () is a 1935 Soviet comedy movie directed by Alexander Zarkhi and Iosif Kheifits. It stars Nikolai Simonov, Tatiana Okunevskaya, and Yanina Zheymo.


Loss of Sensation

Loss of Sensation () is a 1935 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Alexandr Andriyevsky. It stars S.M. Vecheslov, V.P. Gardin, and M.G. Volgina.


The New Gulliver

The New Gulliver () is a 1935 Soviet animated movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko.

The Youth of Maxim

The Youth of Maxim () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Kibardina, and Mikhail Tarkhanov.


Three Comrades (1935 movie)

Three Comrades () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Anatoly Goryunov, and Tatyana Guretskaya.


Proteus Airlines Flight 706

Proteus Airlines Flight 706 was a scheduled local flight from Lyon, France to Lorient, France. On July 30, 1998, Flight 706 collided in mid-air with a Cessna 177 light aircraft over Quiberon Bay. This disaster was known as the Quiberon Bay mid-air collision. 
The investigation revealed that the Cessna's transponder had not been switched on.

In documentation published by the Aeronautical Information Service in 1997 and 1998 and probably used by the pilot of the Cessna, the use of a transponder while operating under visual flight rules could be interpreted as optional. As a result of the transponder being off, the Cessna was not depicted on the radar screen of the Lorient approach controller and its traffic information could not be relayed to the crew of the Beechcraft.

Following this accident, the BEA recommended that pilots should only cancel instrument flight rules flight plans in cases of necessity.

Accidental Meeting (1936 movie)

Accidental Meeting () is a 1936 Soviet action comedy movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Galina Pashkova, Yevgeny Samoylov, and Pyotr Savin.


Baltic Deputy

Baltic Deputy () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Mariya Domashyova, and Boris Livanov.


Beethoven Concerto

Beethoven Concerto () is a 1936 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Gavronsky and Vladimir Schmidtgof. It stars Mark Taimanov, Borya Vasilyev, and Vladimir Gardin.


By the Bluest of Seas

By the Bluest of Seas (, U samogo sinego morya) is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Nikolai Kryuchkov, and Lev Sverdlin.


The Children of Captain Grant (movie)

The Children of Captain Grant () is a 1936 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vaynshtok. It stars Nikolai Vitovtov, Mariya Strelkova, and Nikolay Cherkasov.


Circus (1936 movie)

Circus () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, James Patterson, and Sergei Stolyarov.


Convict (movie)

Convict () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Mikhail Astangov, Mikhail Yanshin, and Boris Dobronravov.


Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety

The Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety (BEA, ) is the French authority responsible for safety investigations of accidents and serious incidents involving civil aircraft.

The BEA is responsible for investigating when the event takes place in France or in International airspace and involves a French aircraft. They may also assist foreign investigation authorities at their request, in particular, BEA technical assistance is often sought by nations that do not wish to engage with the American FAA for political reasons. Representatives of the aircraft manufacturer or airline may assist the BEA as technical advisers. In addition, the BEA provides technical assistance when a foreign authority calls on its skills, most often in terms of reading flight recorders.

They are also the investigating party for all Airbus aircraft, BEA reports are made public.

Tanzania women's national under-17 football team

The Tanzania women's national under 17 football team represents Tanzania in international women's under 17 football. They have qualified for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup for the first time in 2022 and being the first Tanzanian football team to be the World Cup in any gender. 

Kian Amorgaste

Kian Amorgaste (born 8 January 2002) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of and the Belgium national korfball team.

With his club he became champion in 2022. Amorgaste is since 2022 a member of the national team. With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. While Amorgaste was topscorer in the final, Belgium lost the final from the Netherlands.

His brother is korfball player . Amorgaste studies legal practice at Artesis Plantijn University College of Antwerp in Antwerp.



Sandy Ramlal

Sandy Ramlal (born 12 January 1995) is a Dutch-Surinamese korfball player. She is a member of the Dutch club KVS, Scheveningen and the Suriname national korfball team. 

With the national team of Suriname she competed at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. It was the first time ever a sports team from Suriname competed at the World Games, receiving wide media attention.

The father of Ramlal is from Suriname, and so she is allowed to represent Suriname.

Nisha Verwey

Nisha Verwey (born 4 January 1984) is a Dutch-Surinamese korfball player.

With her club TOP she became national champion. With the Netherlands national korfball team she became European Champion in 2010. Verwey has been a player of the Suriname national korfball team since 2017. She played with the team at the 2019 IKF World Korfball Championship in South Africa.



DWGT-TV

DWGT-TV (channel 4) is a noncommercial television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the government-owned People's Television Network. The station maintains studios and hybrid analog/digital transmitting facility at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Brgy. Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City.

DWGT-TV broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 14 (473.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:
Prior to its current DTT channel frequency, PTV was previously using the UHF Channel 48 frequency (677.143 MHz; now being used by Christian Era Broadcasting Service International to broadcast Iglesia ni Cristo Television (INCTV) on analog TV) from its beginning of digital test transmission until the first half of 2015, while TV5 (through its affiliate Nation Broadcasting Corporation) was using UHF Channel 42 before it discontinued. Later on September 7, 2015, PTV moved to UHF Channel 42 frequency (641.143 MHz) until July 15, 2021.

NTC released implementing rules and regulations on the re-allocation of the UHF Channels 14-20 (470–512 Megahertz (MHz) band) for digital terrestrial television broadcasting (DTTB) service. All operating and duly authorized Mega Manila VHF (very high frequency) television networks are entitled to a channel assignment from Channels 14 to 20.

On July 16, 2021, PTV began to transmit its digital test broadcast on UHF Channel 14 (473.143 MHz) as its permanent frequency assigned by NTC.

In addition, the government's official news agency (PNA) is planning to launch its own dedicated news channel on PTV's digital subchannel. Eventually, it launched a late-night newscast called PNA Newsroom airing every midnight on PTV.





Public health emergency of international concern

A public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC) is a formal declaration by the World Health Organization (WHO) of in which an outbreak of a disease is a public health risk that can spread between many countries and need an international response. These countries have a legal duty to respond quickly to a PHEIC.

Between 2009 and 2022, there were seven PHEIC declarations: the 2009 H1N1 (or swine flu) pandemic, the 2014 polio declaration, the 2013–2016 outbreak of Ebola in Western Africa, the 2015–16 Zika virus epidemic, the 2018–20 Kivu Ebola epidemic, the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing 2022 monkeypox outbreak.

Western African Ebola virus epidemic

The 2013–2016 epidemic of Ebola virus disease, centered in Western Africa, was the most widespread outbreak of the disease in history. It caused many deaths and socioeconomic problems in the region, mainly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The first cases were recorded in Guinea in December 2013; later, the disease spread to Liberia and Sierra Leone, with minor outbreaks occurring in Nigeria and Mali. 

Infections of medical workers happened in the United States and Spain. Isolated cases were recorded in Senegal, the United Kingdom and Italy. The number of cases peaked in October 2014 and then began to slow down.

DZKB-TV

DZKB-TV (channel 9) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the RPTV network. It is owned by Radio Philippines Network; TV5 Network, Inc., which owns TV5 flagship DWET-TV (channel 5), operates the station under an airtime lease agreement. Both stations share studios at the TV5 Media Center, Reliance cor. Sheridan Sts., Mandaluyong; while DZKB-TV's alternate studios is at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Brgy. Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City; its analog transmitter is at the RPN Compound, #97 Panay Avenue, Brgy. South Triangle, Quezon City; and its digital transmitter located at Crestview Heights Subdivision, Brgy. San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal.

UHF Channel 19 (503.143 MHz)



DZTV-TV

DZTV-TV (channel 13) is a non-commercial television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the IBC network. It is owned and operated by the network's namesake corporate parent. The station maintains studios at the IBC Compound, Lot 3-B, Capitol Hills Drive cor. Zuzuarregui Street, Brgy. Matandang Balara, Diliman, Quezon City; Its hybrid analog and digital transmitting facility is located at 125 St. Peter Street, Nuestra Señora Dela Paz Subdivision, Santa Cruz, Antipolo, Rizal.

DZTV-TV's digital signal operates on UHF channel 17 (491.143 MHz) and broadcasts on the following subchannels:



Polio eradication

Polio eradication is the permanent elimination of the global spread of the poliovirus and the poliomyelitis (polio) it causes. Polio eradication began as a public health effort which began in 1988, led by the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the Rotary Foundation. These organizations, along with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and The Gates Foundation, have created the campaign through the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (GPEI). Vaccinations have been seen as a key reason why polio ended.

Nigeria is the latest country to have officially stopped endemic transmission of wild poliovirus. Afghanistan and Pakistan are the only two countries where the disease is still classified as endemic.

2015–16 Zika virus epidemic

An epidemic of Zika fever, caused by Zika virus, began in Brazil and affected other countries in the Americas from April 2015 to November 2016. The World Health Organization (WHO) declared the end of the epidemic in November 2016. It is said that 1.5 million people were infected by Zika virus in Brazil. The epidemic also affected other parts of South and North America, as well as several islands in the Pacific.

Kivu Ebola epidemic

The Kivu Ebola epidemic was an outbreak of Ebola virus disease (EVD) that happened in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) in Central Africa from 2018 to 2020. Between 1 August 2018 and 25 June 2020 it caused in 3,470 reported cases. The Kivu outbreak also affected Ituri Province, whose first case was confirmed on 13 August 2018. 

In November 2018, the outbreak became the biggest Ebola outbreak in the DRC's history, and had become the second-largest Ebola outbreak in recorded history worldwide.

On 25 June 2020, the outbreak was declared ended. 

The Miracle (1991 movie)

The Miracle is a 1991 Irish British drama movie directed by Neil Jordan and starring Beverly D'Angelo, Donal McCann, Lorraine Pilkington, Niall Byrne, Cathleen Delany, Tom Hickey. It was distributed by Miramax.


Jim Dillard (gridiron football)

James Austin Dillard (December 21, 1938 – July 19, 2022) was an American Canadian football halfback. He played for the Calgary Stampeders, Ottawa Rough Riders and Toronto Argonauts. He played college football at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater. He was born in Oklahoma.

Dillard died on July 19, 2022 in Cleveland, Oklahoma at the age of 83.

DZEC-DTV

DZEC-TV, channel 25 (analog) and channel 28 (digital) is the flagship UHF television station of Philippine television network Net 25, owned by Eagle Broadcasting Corporation.

DZEC-TV broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 28 (557.143MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:
In addition, Eagle Broadcasting Corporation operates its channel on DZCE-TV UHF Channel 49 (683.143MHz)




DWKC-DTV

DWKC-DTV (channel 31) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of Broadcast Enterprises and Affiliated Media, Inc. Its main office is located at the 3rd floor, Globe Telecom Plaza 1, Pioneer St. cor. Madison St., Mandaluyong City, while its transmitter and master control is located at Palos Verdes Subdivision, Sumulong Highway, Brgy. Santa Cruz, Antipolo, Rizal.

DWKC-DTV currently operates on UHF Channel 31 (575.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:
According to BEAM president Steve Macion, the station is expected to replace the 50 kW (4,050 kilowatt ERP) analog transmitter with a new, DTT-ready transmitter which is currently under transition and would be completed by the end of 2015. Cebu, Davao and Iloilo stations are also expected to upgrade to digital broadcast.

Aside from blocktimers, BEAM is now looking for local and foreign partnerships to allocate and generate content up to eight digital free TV channels.

In 2016, DYCT-DTV and DXKC-DTV, BEAM's stations in Cebu and Davao, respectively, conducted DTT test transmissions on UHF channel 32. DYRM-DTV, BEAM's Iloilo station, conducted its DTT test in 2017.



Zayar Thaw

Phyo Zeya Thaw ( , also spelled U Phyo Zeya Thaw Thaw or Zeya Thaw; 26 March 1981 – 23 July 2022) was a Burmese politician, activist and hip-hop artist. Phyo Zeya Thaw was arrested by the military dictatorship for his anti-government messages in his song lyrics. Phyo Zeya Thaw was a member of Pyithu Hluttaw from 2012 to 2021. In November 2021 Phyo Zeya Thaw was arrested by the Myanmar military junta and was sentenced to death in January 2022.

On 23 July 2022, Phyo Zeya Thaw and three other democratic activists were executed in Yangon, Myanmar. Phyo Zeya Thaw was 41 years old.

Michael R. Long

Michael R. Long (February 1, 1940 – July 24, 2022) was an American politician. He was chairman of the Conservative Party of New York State from December 1988 to January 2019. Long represented the Borough of Brooklyn at-large on the New York City Council from 1981 to 1983. He was a Republican. Long was born in New York City.

Long died on July 24, 2022 at the age of 82.

DZRJ-DTV

DZRJ-DTV (channel 29) is a non-commercial independent digital-only television station based in Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines. The station is the flagship TV property of Rajah Broadcasting Network, Inc., a state media owned by Presidential Communications Office. The station's broadcast facilities, shared with its AM and FM radio sisters, are located at the Ventures I Bldg., Makati Ave. cor. Gen. Luna St., Makati; DZRJ-DTV's transmitter facility is located at Merano Street, Brgy. San Roque, Antipolo City, Rizal Province.

DZRJ-DTV began in 1993 as DZRJ-TV which operated on UHF Channel 29 using the analog NTSC-M system from 1993 to 2018.









DZRJ-TV operates on UHF Channel 29 (563.143 MHz), and is multiplexed thru the following subchannels:




Diana Kennedy

Diana Kennedy MBE (; 3 March 1923 – 24 July 2022) was a British food writer. She was known for writing English-language books about Mexican cuisine. Her best known book was "The Cuisines of Mexico". Kennedy was honored with the Order of the Aztec Eagle from the Mexican government, and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire.

Kennedy died on 24 July 2022 at her home in Zitácuaro, Mexico at the age of 99.

DWVN-DTV

DWVN-DTV (channel 45) is a digital television station of Gateway UHF Television Broadcasting. Its studios are located at San Juan cor. Donada Streets, Pasay, while its transmitter is located at GSat Technical Facilities and Earth Station Building, First Global Technopark Complex, Lot 1910 Governor's Drive, Barangay Ulong Tubig, Carmona, Cavite.

As of December 1, 2018, the TV station's analog signal was permanently shutdown.

UHF Channel 45 (659.143 MHz)




Tamar Eshel

Tamar Eshel (; 24 July 1920 – 24 July 2022) was an Israeli politician. She was born in London, England to Israeli parents. She was a member of Alignment. Eshel was in the Knesset from 1977 to 1984. Before becoming a member of Knesset, she was the Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem.

Eshel died on her 102nd birthday on 24 July 2022 in Jerusalem.

Bob Rafelson

Robert Rafelson (February 21, 1933 – July 23, 2022) was an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He was seen as an important person in the New Hollywood movement in the 1970s. He was born in New York City.

His best known works were "Five Easy Pieces" (1970), "The King of Marvin Gardens" (1972), "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1981) and "Mountains of the Moon" (1990). He also produced "Easy Rider" (1969) and "The Last Picture Show" (1971). He also produced the TV series "The Monkees".

Rafelson died on July 23, 2022 at his home in Aspen, Colorado from lung cancer at the age of 89.

Janina Altman

Janina Altman (née Hescheles), 2 January 1931 – 24 July 2022) was a Polish-Israeli chemist, writer and a Holocaust survivor. She was born in Lviv. When Nazi Germany invaded Poland, she was sent to the Janowska concentration camp. She escaped from there in 1943. She later became a writer and a chemist, working for Weizmann Institute of Science, and also at the Technical University of Munich. 

Altman died on 24 July 2022, aged 91.

Cosmic Voyage (1936 movie)

Cosmic Voyage () is a 1936 Soviet silent science fiction movie directed by Vasili Zhuravlyov. It stars Sergei Komarov, Ksenia Moskalenko, and Vassili Gaponenko.


Dawn of Paris

Dawn of Paris () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Nikolai Plotnikov, Yelena Maksimova, and Andrei Abrikosov.


Dubrovsky (movie)

Dubrovsky () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. The movie is based on the posthumously published 1841 eponymous novel by Alexander Pushkin. It stars Boris Livanov, Nikolay Monakhov, and Galina Grigoreva.


Girl Friends (1936 movie)

Girl Friends () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. The movie tells story of the friendship between three girls from Petrograd who grow up together and become nurses during the Russian Civil War. It stars Zoya Fyodorova, Yanina Zhejmo, and Irina Zarubina.


Agha Syed Hamid Ali Shah Moosavi

Agha Syed Hamid Ali Shah Moosavi (; 1930 – 25 July 2022) was an Indian Shia Islam leader. He was the patron-in-chief of the supreme Shia ullama board and president of Tehrik-e-Nafaz-e-Fiqah-e-Jafaria () from 1982 until his death. He was born in Tharparkar, then-British India.

Moosavi died on 25 July 2022, aged 92 .

Stray (video game)

Stray is a 2022 adventure game created by BlueTwelve Studio and published by Annapurna Interactive. 

The game is about a cat who falls into a walled city where robots, machines, and viruses live there. The cat's mission is to return to the surface with the help of a drone friend called B-12. The city in the game is inspired by Kowloon Walled City.

The player travels by leaping across platforms and climbing up obstacles. Throughout the game, the player must run away from the Zurks and Sentinels, both of whom will try to kill the cat.

The game was released in July 2022 to strong positive reviews.

Arizona Dream

Arizona Dream is a 1993 French-American surrealist indie comedy drama movie co-written and directed by Emir Kusturica. It stars Johnny Depp, Jerry Lewis, Faye Dunaway, Lili Taylor and Vincent Gallo. This movie was filmed in Arizona in 1991. 

The movie won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.

Yoko Shimada

Shimada died on 25 July 2022 at a hospital in Tokyo, Japan from colorectal cancer, aged 69.

Eduardo Mangada

Eduardo Mangada Samain (born 4 March 1932) is a Spanish politician and architect. He was born in Anna, Spain. He was an important politician in the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He was a member of the Communist Party of Spain, but was expelled from the party in 1982. 

From 1979 to 1983, he was a member of the City Council of Madrid. He was also the Deputy Mayor of Madrid from 1981 to 1982. From 1983 to 1991, he was a government official for the Community of Madrid.

Osteocephalus sangay

The Sangay casqued tree frog ("Osteocephalus sangay") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 1551 and 1795 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40.3–41.3 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 45.3-52.8 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is green or brown in color. It can have bumps made of keratin protein or dark marks. The tops of the legs and middle are light brown with darker brown marks. There is a large dark brown mark on the head. The sides of the head have a cream-colored stripe. There is yellow color on the skin outside the eye. The ear is green in color or dark brown in coor. The sides are light green, cream-colored, or brown with brown or black marks. The skin of the belly is brown with darker brown marks or lighter brown marks. The pupil of the eye has an olive green ring around it. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with black lines.

This frog lives in forests on the east sides of the mountains. Scientists have seen it at night, sitting on plants 2 m above the ground.

Scientists named this frog for the place they first found it: Parque Nacional Sangay. It is in Ecuador's Morona Santiago province. The word "sangay" comes from the Shuar language word "samkay." This word is for volcanoes.

Ria Simmelink

Ria Simmelink (born 1900s) was a Dutch athletics competitor who was specialized in the javelin throw but also competed in other events. She was a member of athletics club Hercules-Hebe. Simmelink was the best Dutch female javelin thrower in the 1920s, being multiple times national record holder and national champion.

Simmelink won het first javelin throw competition on 1 June 1924. The athletics association organized a men’s athletics competitions including one women’s event, the javelin throw. At the end of the month she became for the first time champion of Twente. She was selected by the athletics association of Twente to compete at the international 1924 Westfalen–Twente athletics competition in Münster. She finished in this competition third behind Erna Pröschold and another German.

In 1925 the women’s national record in javelin throw was introduced. Simmelink set the first javelin throw national record, after winning the javelin throw event at the national competition in Hengelo with a distance of 28.24 metres on 26 July 1925. In 1926, she became again javelin throw champion of Twente. She also won the bronze medal in the 100 metres, losing from Bets ter Horst. She improved her own national record on 24 July 1927 at the championships of Twente. A year later on 2 September 1928, she became Dutch national champion, beating her own national record with a distance 29.31 metres. She lost her record to Leny Rombout on 15 July 1929.

Ptychohyla

Ptychohyla is a genus. It is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They are called stream frogs or mountain stream frogs in English. These frogs live in southern Mexico and Central America. They live in the states of Chiapas, Guerrero, and Oaxaca and all the way south to Panama.

These species are in "Ptychohyla":



Society Hill

</ref><nowiki>}}</nowiki>

Society Hill is a historic neighborhood in Center City, Philadelphia. It is one of the oldest part of Philadelphia along with Old City. The area was settled in the 1680s. It is one of the most expensive neighborhoods in Philadelphia. Society Hill has the largest number of 18th- and early 19th-century buildings in an area. It is famous for its Franklin street lamps, brick sidewalks, cobblestone and Belgian block streets.

List of programs broadcast by The CW

This is a list of programs broadcast by The CW. Some programs were broadcast on UPN and The WB. The networks merged with the CW when the networks ceased broadcasting.

José Luis Rodríguez

José Luis Rodríguez González (Caracas, January 14, 1943), also known as El Puma, is a Venezuelan singer, actor, businessman and music producer.

José Luis Rodríguez was born in Caracas, Venezuela to José Antonio Rodríguez from the Canary Islands, Spain and Ana González a Venezuelan housewife. 

His father died in 1949 when José Luis was just 6 years old. His mother was an activist of the Acción Democrática party, so during the dictatorship of Marcos Pérez Jiménez he decided to go into exile in Guayaquil, Ecuador with his two youngest children. Upon his return, José Luis entered the Escuela Técnica Industrial de Caracas, where he studied as an electrical technician.

He underwent a double lung transplant due to pulmonary fibrosis in 2018.
Stannard, Vermont

Stannard is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Walden, Vermont

Walden is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Waterford, Vermont

Waterford is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Wheelock, Vermont

Wheelock is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Bolton, Vermont

Bolton is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Tanzania national cricket team

The Tanzania national cricket team is a men's team that represents the United Republic of Tanzania in international cricket. They have been a member of the International Cricket Council since 2001.

Mario Pejazic

Mario Pejazic (born 21 January 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a left back for 2. Liga club Liefering. 
He started his career with SK Vorwärts Steyr and went on to LASK Linz. From 2018 to 2022 he played for the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2022 he was promoted to FC Liefering. His debut for Liefering was in July 2022 , when he started in the first round of Second league versus Young Violets Austria Wien.

He also played for Austria U 15 and U17 national team.

La Vèze

La Vèze () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.


Le Moutherot

Le Moutherot () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is from Besançon, Dole, and Gray between the rivers Ognon and Doubs.

On a top of a hill, the village offers a view on fields, forests. In bright weather Mont Blanc, the Mount Poupet, and the "Ballon of Alsace" can be seen.



Le Puy, Doubs

Le Puy () is a commune in the department of Doubs in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The village of Le Puy is from Besançon on Route D115 and north of Roulans. It is close to its intersection with the D336 on the east and the A36 on the west.

The inhabitants of Le Puy are known as "Puylots".

The village is nicknamed "le Puits" (French: "the Well") on the Cassini map. The French "le Puy" usually connects to the Provençal word "Puech" (an isolated hill). Here, as the Cassini map shows, it refers to the local wells.


All sites are in French, unless otherwise indicated.

Le Vernoy

Le Vernoy () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.


Lizine

Lizine () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The village is built on a plateau between the Loue and the Lison rivers.



Lombard, Doubs

Lombard () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.



Lomont-sur-Crête

Lomont-sur-Crête (, literally "Lomont on Ridge") is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.



Lougres

Lougres () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Lougres is southwest of Montbéliard.

The commune takes its name from the stream that runs through it, from its source to the river Doubs.



The Goalkeeper (1936 movie)

The Goalkeeper () is a 1936 Soviet musical comedy movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Grigory Pluzhnik, Tatyana Guretskaya, and Lyudmila Glazova.


Journey to Arzrum (movie)

Journey to Arzrum () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Moisei Levin. It stars Dmitry Zhuravlyov, Serafim Azanchevsky, and Konstantin Khokhlov.


The Last Night (1936 movie)

The Last Night () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Ivan Pelttser, Mariya Yarotskaya, and Nikolai Dorokhin.


Late for a Date

Late for a Date () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Verner and og Sergei Sidelyov. It stars Boris Petker, Mikhail Rostovtsev, and Mariya Barabanova.


The Nightingale (1936 movie)

The Nightingale () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Ekk. It stars Valentina Ivashova, Z. Kashkarova, and Nikolai Ekk.


Party Membership Card

Party Membership Card () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Anatoliy Goryunov, and Igor Maleyev.


The Miracle Worker (1936 movie)

The Miracle Worker () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin. It stars Leonid Alekseev, Tatyana Barysheva, and Zinaida Bokareva.

The Sailors of Kronstadt

The Sailors of Kronstadt () is a 1936 Soviet war drama movie directed by Efim Dzigan. It stars Vasiliy Zaychikov, Georgi Bushuyev, and Nikolay Ivakin.


The Thirteen

The Thirteen () is a 1936 Soviet action movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Ivan Novoseltsev, Yelena Kuzmina, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Seekers of Happiness

Seekers of Happiness () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Korsch-Sablin.

Seven Brave Men

Seven Brave Men () is a 1936 Soviet action drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Nikolay Bogolyubov, Tamara Makarova, and Ivan Novoseltsev.


Son of Mongolia

Son of Mongolia () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Trauberg. It stars Tse-Ven Rabdan, Igin-Khorlo, and Susor-Barma.


Without a Dowry (movie)

Without a Dowry () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. The movie is based on Alexander Ostrovsky's play Without a Dowry (1878). It stars Nina Alisova, Olga Pyzhova, and Anatoly Ktorov.


The Ballad of Cossack Golota

The Ballad of Cossack Golota () is a 1937 Soviet action drama movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Konstantin Nassonov, Leonid Shekhtman, and Konstantin Tyrtov.


The Defense of Volotchayevsk

The Defense of Volotchayevsk () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Varvara Myasnikova, Nikolai Dorokhin, and Lev Sverdlin.


Essex, Vermont

Essex is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Benay Venuta

Benay Venuta (born Benvenuta Rose Crooke, January 27, 1910 – September 1, 1995) was an American actress, singer and dancer.

Mohamed Sedki Sulayman

Mohamed Sedki Sulayman (1919 – 28 March 1996) was an Egyptian politician and Prime Minister of Egypt from 10 September 1966 to 19 June 1967.

Between 1962 and 1966, he was the minister supervising the building of the Aswan High Dam.

Valentin Oelz

Valentin Oelz (born 24 April 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Second League club Liefering.

His career began with his local club ASKÖ SC Kirchberg-Thening. In 2018 he went on to the LASK Academy. In 2022 he went on to FC Liefering. 

Oelz played for the Austrian U17 national team.

Lenin in October

Lenin in October () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm and Dmitri Vasilyev. The movie portrays the activities of Lenin at the time of the October Revolution. It stars Boris Shchukin, Nikolay Okhlopkov, and Vasili Vanin.


The Lonely White Sail

The Lonely White Sail () is a 1937 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Igor But, Boris Runge, and Aleksandr Melnikov.


Lullaby (1937 movie)

Lullaby () is a 1937 Soviet movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

Marriage (1936 movie)

Marriage () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Erast Garin and Khesya Lokshina. The movie is based on eponymous play by Nikolay Gogol. It stars Erast Garin, Stepan Kayukov, and Aleksei Matov.


The Miners

The Miners () is a 1937 Soviet comedy movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Boris Poslavsky, Yuriy Tolubeev, and Vladimir Lukin.

Peter the Great (1937 movie)

Peter the Great () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Nikolai Simonov, Mikhail Zharov, and Nikolay Cherkasov.


Pugachev (1937 movie)

Pugachev () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Pavel Petrov-Bytov. It stars Konstantin Skorobogatov, Kasim Mukhutdinov, and Yakov Malyutin.


The Return of Maxim

The Return of Maxim () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Kibardina, and Anatoli Kuznetsov.


Alexander Nevsky (movie)

Alexander Nevsky () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Nikolay Okhlopkov, and Andrei Abrikosov.


The Bear (1938 movie)

The Bear () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Olga Androvskaya, Mikhail Zharov, and Ivan Pelttser.


Tobi Amusan

Oluwatobiloba Ayomide Amusan (born 23 April 1997) is a Nigerian track and field athlete. She is very good in short races like 100 meter and 100 meter hurdles. Tobi Amusan won the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 100 meters hurdles. she set a new record of 12.12 seconds in the semi-finals and also improved her time again in the final, running a wind-aided 12.06 seconds to win the gold medal. Tobi was the 2018 Commonwealth, 2018 African champion and she is also a two-time African Games champion in the event. She won the Diamond League Trophy in Zurich in 2021 in the 100m hurdles.

Oluwatobiloba born on 23 April, 1997, in Ijebu Ode, Ogun State, Nigeria. Her Parent are Mr. and Mrs. Amusan who were school teachers. Tobi, as she is fondly called, is the last child of the three siblings. She had her secondary school education at Our Lady of Apostles Secondary School, Ijebu Ode, Ogun state.

Tobi has always been doing well since the early stage of her career as an athlete. She was a silver medallist at the 2013 African Youth Championships in Warri. She also won gold medal in the 100 metres hurdles at the 2015 African Junior Athletics Championships in Addis Ababa.

The Childhood of Maxim Gorky

The Childhood of Maxim Gorky () is a 1938 Soviet movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Aleksei Lyarsky, Varvara Massalitinova, and Mikhail Troyanovsky.


Doctor Aybolit (movie)

Doctor Aybolit () is a 1938 Soviet family movie directed by Vladimir Nemolyayev. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Anna Semionovna, and Igor Arkadin.


Friends (1938 movie)

Friends () is a 1938 Soviet movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. The movie is based on the life of Sergey Kirov. During the Russian Civil War, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union sends Aleksey to Caucasus Mountains to help organize an armed uprising. It stars Boris Babochkin, Irina Zarubina, and Nikolai Cherkasov.


The Great Citizen

The Great Citizen () is a 1938 Soviet movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Nikolay Bogolyubov, Ivan Bersenev, and Oleg Zhakov.


If War Comes Tomorrow

If War Comes Tomorrow () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Lazar Antsi-Polovsky, Georgy Beryozko and Yefim Dzigan. It stars Inna Fyodorova, Vsevolod Sanayev, and Serafim Kozminsky.


Komsomolsk (movie)

Komsomolsk () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Pyotr Aleynikov, Sergei Gerasimov, and Yevgeniya Golynchik.


The Man with the Gun

The Man with the Gun () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Mikheil Gelovani, and Boris Tenin.


The New Moscow

The New Moscow () is a 1938 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin and Aleksandr Olenin. It stars Daniil Sagal, Nina Alisova, and Mariya Barabanova.


Peat-Bog Soldiers

Peat-Bog Soldiers () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Macheret. It stars Oleg Zhakov, S. Shirokova, and Ivan Kudryavtsev.


Professor Mamlock (1938 movie)

Professor Mamlock () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Herbert Rappaport and Adolf Minkin. It stars Semyon Mezhinsky, E. Nikitina, and Oleg Zhakov.


Treasure Island (1938 movie)

Treasure Island () is a 1938 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vaynshtok. It stars Klavdiya Pugachova, Osip Abdulov, and Mikhail Klimov.


Victory (1938 movie)

Victory () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Doller and Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Yekaterina Korchagina-Aleksandrovskaya, Vladimir Solovyov, and S. Ostroumov.


Drill music

Drill is a subgenre of trap music that originated in Chicago streets in the late 2000s. It grew into the American mainstream around 2012 after the success of rappers and producers like Chief Keef, Lil Durk, Lil Reese, Fredo Santana, Young Chop, G Herbo, Lil Bibby, King Louie, and King Von who had many local fans and a significant internet appearance. Media attention and the signing of drill musicians to major labels followed. Artists within the genre have been noted for their style of lyricism and association with crime in Chicago.

The Great Outdoors (movie)

The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy movie directed by Howard Deutch and starring John Candy, Dan Aykroyd, Annette Bening (in her movie debut), Stephanie Faracy, Chris Young, Lucy Deakins, Lewis Arquette. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Cathelijn Peeters

Cathelijn Peeters (born 6 November 1996) is a Dutch athlete, specialized in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles. She became three times national champion.

After winning bronze at the 2019 Dutch Athletics Championships she became national champion at the 2020 Dutch Athletics Championships, 2021 Dutch Athletics Championships and 2022 Dutch Athletics Championships. Her niece Silke Peeters is also a hurdler, who won the bronze medal in 2020 and the silver medal in 2021 behind Cathelijn Peeters.

In 2022, Peeters improved in the 400 metres. As a result she was selected to compete at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 4 × 400 metres relay event. During the heats Peeters dropped the baton and so they were disqualified.

Salaam TV (Philippine TV channel)

Salaam TV was a Philippine government-owned Islamic channel owned by the Presidential Communications Office through the People's Television Network (PTV). The channel's main programming is solely focused on Filipino Muslims and other Islamic communities in the country. At present, the channel is on test broadcast via digital terrestrial television on PTV's digital subchannel (via UHF 14) and Expand to cable television on SkyCable and Destiny Cable Channel 4 depending on the digital boxes' channel availability from 12 noon to 8:00 p.m. It was also the second Islamic television network based in the Philippines, following the launch of Davao-based Islamic cable channel Mensahe TV.

The Zoo (song)

"The Zoo" is a 1980 hard rock song by the Scorpions and under-performed the music charts peaking at number 75 in the United Kingdom.

1924 Westphalia–Twente athletics competition

The 1924 Westphalia–Twente athletics competition was the second international athletics competition between athletes of Westphalia, Germany and Twente, the Netherlands. The competition was held in Münster, Germany on 24 August 1924 at the sport field at the Hohenzollernring. The competition included 10 events for men and 3 events for women.

The competition was won by the Germany with 78.5 points versus the Netherlands with 61.5 points.

After the competitions the teams and officials had a dinner together. Afterwards the Dutch team returned home by train.

The Dutch athlethes selected by the Twente athletics association were published on 21 August 1924.

The Dutch team arrived in the morning of the competition at 10 am. by train. They were given a tour of the city of Münster. After the tour there was a joint lunch.

In each individual event two athletes of each team competed. In the relay event the two teams competed against each other. The winner of each event received the most points, with less points for every other place. For the overall classication all points from each teams are added together.

The competitions started at 3:00 pm. During the competition the weather conditions were bad. Due to the bad weather there were not many spectators.


Source:


Volga-Volga

Volga-Volga () is a 1938 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Lyubov Orlova, and Vladimir Volodin.


Wish upon a Pike

Wish upon a Pike () is a 1938 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Pyotr Savin, Maria Kravchunovskaya, and Georgy Millyar.


A Girl with a Temper

A Girl with a Temper () is a 1939 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Valentina Serova, Emma Tsesarskaya, and Andrei Tutyshkin.


Commandant of the Bird Island

Commandant of the Bird Island () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Pronin. It stars Leonid Kmit, Nikolai Dorokhin, and Nikolay Gorlov.


Courage (1939 movie)

Courage () is a 1939 Soviet adventure movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Dmitry Dudnikov, and Konstantin Sorokin.


Karl Kehrle

Karl Kehrle OSB OBE (3 August 1898, Mittelbiberach, Germany – 1 September 1996, Buckfast, Devonshire, England, United Kingdom), known as Brother Adam, was a Benedictine monk, beekeeper, and an authority on bee breeding, Developer of the Buckfast bee.

Doctor Kalyuzhnyy

Doctor Kalyuzhnyy () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Erast Garin. It stars Boris Tolmazov, Mariya Barabanova, and Yuriy Tolubeev.


South Africans

South Africans are a ethnic group and nation native to South Africa. The majority of the White South African population is Afrikaans, with the remainder of them being of British or European descent. The Coloured population have a mixed lineage. They descend from the indigenous Khoisan people and White settlers. Most of the Coloured population live in the Northern and Western Cape Provinces in South Africa, while the majority of the Indian population live in KwaZulu-Natal. The Afrikaner population is concentrated in the Gauteng and Free State Provinces.

Engineer Kochin's Error

Engineer Kochin's Error () is a 1939 Soviet thriller movie directed by Aleksandr Macheret. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Sergey Nikonov, and Lyubov Orlova.


The Golden Key (1939 movie)

The Golden Key () is a 1939 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Aleksandr Shchagin, Sergey Martinson, and Olga Shaganova-Obraztsova.


Gorky 2: My Apprenticeship

Gorky 2: My Apprenticeship () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Aleksei Lyarsky, Irina Zarubina, and Varvara Massalitinova.


Laurie Sawle

Lawrence Michael Sawle AM (19 August 1925 – 26 July 2022) was an Australian first-class cricketer and administrator for the Australia national cricket team. Sawle was born in East Fremantle, Western Australia. He played for the Western Australia cricket team from 1954 to 1955 and from 1960 to 1961.

He died in Perth, Western Australia on 26 July 2022, aged 96.

Lenin in 1918

Lenin in 1918 () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Boris Shchukin, Mikheil Gelovani, and Nikolay Bogolyubov.


Man in a Shell

Man in a Shell () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Nikolay Khmelyov, Mikhail Zharov, and Olga Androvskaya.


Member of the Government

Member of the Government () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Vasili Vanin, and Nikolay Kryuchkov.


Minin and Pozharsky (movie)

Minin and Pozharsky () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller. The movie is about the Time of Troubles, Russia's struggle for independence led by Dmitry Pozharsky and Kuzma Minin against the Polish invasion in 1611–1612. It stars Aleksandr Khanov, Boris Livanov, and Boris Chirkov.


Roma people in Denmark

There is a small Roma population in Denmark. The Council of Europe estimates that there are around 5,500 Roma living in Denmark (0.1% of the Danish population).



The New Teacher

The New Teacher () is a 1939 Soviet comedy drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Boris Chirkov, Tamara Makarova, and Lyudmila Shabalina.


The Oppenheim Family

The Oppenheim Family () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Vladimir Balashov, Joseph Tolchanov, and Ada Wójcik.


Squadron No. 5

Squadron No. 5 () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Yuri Shumsky, Nikolai Garin, and Boris Bezgin.


Tractor Drivers

Tractor Drivers () is a 1939 Soviet comedy drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Nikolay Kryuchkov, and Boris Andreyev.


Shchors (movie)

Shchors () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Yevgeny Samoylov, Ivan Skuratov, and Luka Lyashenko.


Domari people in Israel

About 1,500 Dom reside in Israel. They are the poorest community in Israel. They speak Domari language and Arabic. They practice Islam.

Roma people in New Zealand

There is a small Roma population in New Zealand. Approximately 1,500 – 3,000 Roma reside in New Zealand.

Roma people in Latvia

The Roma population in Latvia is small. According to data from the population register of the Office for Citizenship and Migration Affairs there were 7,456 Romani individuals residing in Latvia as at 1 January 2017, comprising 0.3% of the total Latvian population.

Stepan Razin (movie)

Stepan Razin () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Vladimir Gardin, and Elena Kondratyeva.


The Vyborg Side

The Vyborg Side () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Kibardina, and Mikhail Zharov.


Vasilisa the Beautiful (1940 movie)

Vasilisa the Beautiful () is a 1940 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou. It stars Georgy Millyar, Sergey Stolyarov, and Lev Potyomkin.


Virgin Soil Upturned (1939 movie)

Virgin Soil Upturned () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Gavriil Belov, Sergei Blinnikov, and Mikhail Bolduman.


The Beloved (1940 movie)

The Beloved () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Vsevolod Sanaev, and Leonid Kmit.


Mexican diaspora

There is a large Mexican diaspora in the United States. Many Mexicans in the United States live in Texas and California. Los Angeles has the largest Mexican population by metropolitan area. There is also a substantial Mexican population in Canada, Spain, Guatemala and Germany.

Disappearance of 'The Eagle'

Disappearance of 'The Eagle' () is a 1940 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Nikolai Annenkov, Viktor Gromov, and Sergey Stolyarov.


The Foundling (1940 movie)

The Foundling () is a 1940 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Veronika Lebedeva, Faina Ranevskaya, and Pyotr Repnin.


Gorky 3: My Universities

Gorky 3: My Universities () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Nikolai Valbert, Stepan Kayukov, and Nikolai Dorokhin.


The Law of Life (movie)

The Law of Life () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper and Boris Ivanov. It stars Daniil Sagal, Aleksandr Lukyanov, and Oswald Glazunov.


Musical Story

Musical Story () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky and Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Sergei Lemeshev, Zoya Fyodorova, and Nikolai Konovalov.


My Love (1940 movie)

My Love () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Korsh. It stars Lidiya Smirnova, Ivan Pereverzev, and Vladimir Chobur.


Siberians (movie)

Siberians () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksandra Kharitonova, Aleksandr Kuznetsov, and Aleksandr Pupko.


Salavat Yulayev (movie)

Salavat Yulayev () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Arslan Muboryakov, Mikhail Bolduman, and Sergei Blinnikov.

Tanya (1940 movie)

Tanya () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Yevgeny Samoylov, and Elena Tyapkina.


Timur and His Team

Timur and His Team () is a 1940 Soviet action movie directed by Aleksandr Razumny. It stars Liviy Shchipachyov, Pyotr Savin, and Lev Potyomkin.


Cloud forest stream frog

The cloud forest stream frog ("Ptychohyla euthysanota") is a frog. It lives in Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains. People have seen this frog between 600 and 2200 meters above sea level.

Yakov Sverdlov (movie)

Yakov Sverdlov () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. The movie tells about the life and work of the Chairman of the Central Executive Committee Yakov Sverdlov. It stars Leonid Lyubashevsky, Maksim Shtraukh, and Andro Kobaladze.


Anton Ivanovich Is Angry

Anton Ivanovich Is Angry () is a 1941 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Nikolai Konovalov, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


The Artamonov Business (movie)

The Artamonov Business () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Sergei Romodanov, Tamara Chistyakova, and Mikhail Derzhavin Sr..


Dream (1941 movie)

Dream () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Vladimir Solovyov, and Vladimir Shcheglov.


Four Hearts (1941 movie)

Four Hearts () is a 1941 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Valentina Serova, Yevgeny Samoylov, and Lyudmila Tselikovskaya.


The Girl from Leningrad

The Girl from Leningrad () is a 1941 Soviet adventure movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Zoya Fyodorova, Mariya Kapustina, and Olga Fyodorina.


The Humpbacked Horse (1941 movie)

The Humpbacked Horse () is a 1941 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Pyotr Aleynikov, Georgy Vinogradov, and Marina Kovalyova.


In the Rear of the Enemy

In the Rear of the Enemy () is a 1941 Soviet war movie directed by Yevgeni Shneider. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Aleksandr Grechanyy, and Pavel Shpringfeld.

The film takes place in the winter of 1940 during the Soviet-Finnish War. Three Soviet intelligence officers penetrated the rear of the enemies who left it. Then the Red Army men disguised themselves and established a telephone connection with the headquarters. And suddenly the Finns appear.

Masquerade (1941 movie)

Masquerade () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. The movie is based on the eponymous play by Mikhail Lermontov. It stars Nikolay Mordvinov, Tamara Makarova, and Mikhail Sadovsky.


Mysterious Island (1941 movie)

Mysterious Island () is a 1941 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Eduard Pentslin. It stars Andrey Andriyenko-Zemskov, Yuri Grammatikati, and Pavel Kiyansky.


Thomas Sageder

Thomas Sageder (* born 5 September 1983) is an Austrian football manager.

Sageder started with the youth of SV Riedau. 2008/2009 he was coach of the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. The next season he became assistance coach of Andreas Milot in the SV Ried Academy.

In 2010 and 2011 he was coach of the Red Bull Academy in Ghana. In 2011 he became the assistance coach of the 2nd league team FC Blau-Weiß Linz. After their relegation he became the assistance coach of Oliver Glasner with SV Ried in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Glasner went to LASK so in May 2015 he became caretaker together with Ewald Brenner till the end of the season. In December 2015 he left SV Ried.

In the 2016/17 season he trained SV Wallern in the 4th league. In December 2017 he came back to FC Blau-Weiß Linz as head coach. 2019 he resigned after four losses in a row.

In the 2019/20 season he was assistance coach to Oliver Glasner with VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.

In the 2021/22 season he was assistance coach to Fabio Ingolitsch in the Red Bull Academy U18. Together with Ingolitsch he went to FC Liefering in the 2022/23 season. After the season Sageder left Liefering and became head coach of LASK in the Bundesliga

Suvorov (movie)

Suvorov () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller. The movie is based on the life of Russian general Alexander Vasilyevich Suvorov (1729 – 1800), one of the few great generals in history who never lost a battle. It stars Nikolai Cherkasov-Sergeyev, Aleksandr Khanov, and Mikhail Astangov. This movie is most notable for its quote by Kyrzchev, "собаки очень плохо пахнут", which roughly translates to "the dogs smell very foul."


1923 Twente–Westphalia athletics competition

The 1923 Twente–Westphalia athletics competition was an international athletics competition between athletes of Westphalia, Germany and Twente, the Netherlands. The competition was held at the in Enschede, the Netherlands on 8 July 1923. The competition included in total 15 events: 11 events for men and 4 events for women. The competition was the first Twente–Westphalia athletics competition. It was hosted a year after an athletics competition of national teams of the Netherlands and Germany in Enschede.

The competition was won by the Westphalia with 78 points versus Twente with 66 points.

Requests were made to include attempts to break Dutch records. This was approved by the chairman of the Dutch athletics association who was present. Harke (Olympia-Hengelo) broke the national record in the women's long jump with a distance of with 4.67 metres, beating the previous record of 4.55 from Annie van de Blankevoort. Franken (Hercules Hebe-Enschede) broke the women's 80 metres record with a time of with 10.5 seconds, beating the previous record of 10.7 seconds also from Annie van de Blankevoort.

In the four weeks ahead of the competition, the selection group of Twente trained with national athletics trainer Hjertberg.

In each individual event two athletes of each team competed. In the relay event the two teams competed against each other. The winner of each event received 4 points, with 3, 2 and 1 point for the other positions. For the overall classication all points from each teams are added together.

According to the newspapers the competition were held in "tropical heat". 


Source:

Source:


Snowy egret

The snowy egret ("Egretta thula") is a bird in the Ardeidae family.

Verrucomicrobiota

The phylum Verrucomicrobia is made up of six groups of gram-negative, spherical or rod-shaped bacteria that consume other plants or animals for energy and nutrients (heterotrophic). They are distributed throughout freshwater, marine, and soil habitats, as well as vertebrae digestive tracts including those of humans. The bacteria within this group exist as a free-living organisms or symbiont (organisms that live in close physical association) with eukaryotic hosts from nematode worms and marine sponges to the gut of sea cucumber, clam worm, and humans.

Members of the "Verrucomicrobia" phylum (group) are a part of the Planctobacteria (PVC) superphylum, along with its “sister groups”; "Chlamydiae" and "Lentisphaerae." Verrucomicrobia is distinguished from these other groups by a unique genetic change.

Diane Hegarty

Diane Hegarty (July 10, 1942 – July 23, 2022) was an American satanist. She was the co-founder of the Church of Satan. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was the High Priestess of the Church of Satan from 1966 to 1984. During this time, her partner was Anton LaVey.

Hegarty died on July 23, 2022 at the age of 80.

Julio Valdez

Julio Julián Castillo Valdez (June 3, 1956 – July 23, 2022) was a Dominican professional baseball infielder and manager. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox from 1980 to 1983. He later managed in Minor League Baseball. 

Valdez died on July 23, 2022 at the age of 66.

Carla Cassola

Carla Cassola (15 December 1947 – 24 July 2022) was an Italian actress and composer. She was born in Taormina, Italy. She was known for dubbing Tilda Swinton in "Orlando". Cassola was also in the 1990 movie "Captain America".

Cassola died on 24 July 2022 in Welwyn Garden City, England at the age of 74.


Reg Empey

Reginald Norman Morgan Empey, Baron Empey, (born 26 October 1947), best known as Reg Empey, is a Unionist politician from Northern Ireland.

He was the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) from 2005 to 2010. He was the chairman of the Ulster Unionist Party from 2012 to 2019. Empey was also Lord Mayor of Belfast and was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for East Belfast from 1998 to 2011.

Mark Durkan

Mark Durkan (born 26 June 1960) is a retired Irish nationalist politician from Northern Ireland. Durkan was the deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland from November 2001 to October 2002. He also was the Leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) from 2001 to 2010. He unsuccessfully ran for MEP with Fine Gael at the 2019 European Parliament election.

John O'Dowd

John Fitzgerald O'Dowd (born 10 May 1967) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He has been the Minister for Infrastructure since 16 May 2022 and the Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Upper Bann since 2003. He was the Minister for Education from 2011 to 2016. He was the deputy First Minister in 2011 for a short time.

Uri Orlev

Uri Orlev (; 24 February 1931 – 26 July 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli children's writer and translator. He won the international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 1996. Orlev was born in Warsaw, Poland. He was known for his 1981 book "The Island on Bird Street".

Orlev died on 26 July 2022 in Jerusalem, Israel at the age of 91.

Tom Poberezny

Thomas Paul Poberezny (October 3, 1946 – July 25, 2022) was an American aerobatic world champion. He was chairman of the annual Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) Fly-In and Convention from 1977 to 2011 and president of EAA from 1989 to 2010.

Poberezny was a member of the Eagles Aerobatic Team. In 2016, he was honored into the National Aviation Hall of Fame.

Poberezny died on July 25, 2022 at the age of 75.

Hales Corners, Wisconsin

Hales Corners is a village in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 7,692 at the 2010 census.

Chin Kung

Chin Kung, AM (淨空; pinyin: "Jìngkōng"; 13 March 1927 – 26 July 2022) was a Buddhist monk. He was from the Mahayana tradition. He was the founder of the Corporate Body of the Buddha Educational Foundation. He was known for his teaching of the dharma. His works also focused on inter-faith harmony in Australia and the Asia Pacific region. He was born in Lujiang County, Anhui, Republic of China.

Chin Kung died at the age of 95 on 26 July 2022 in Tainan, Taiwan.

 

Marit Paulsen

Marit Eli Paulsen (; 24 November 1939 – 25 July 2022) was a Norwegian-born Swedish journalist, author and politician. She was a member of the Liberals. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 1999 to 2004 and from 2009 to 2015. She was a well known supporter of Swedish membership in the European Union during the 1994 referendum campaign. Paulsen was born in Oslo, Norway.

Paulsen died on 25 July 2022 at her farm house in Yttermalung, Sweden at the age of 82.

Jonas Vingegaard

Jonas Vingegaard Rasmussen (; born 10 December 1996) is a Danish cyclist. He rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Jumbo–Visma. In July 2022, he won the 2022 Tour de France. Vingegaard was born in Thy, Denmark.

Akihabara massacre

The was an incident of mass murder that took place on 8June 2008, in the Akihabara shopping area in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan. 

The attacker, 25-year-old , drove into a crowd with a rented truck, killing three people and injuring two at first. He then stabbed at least twelve people using a dagger, killing four other people and injuring eight.

Katō was sentenced to death by the Tokyo District Court in 2011. He was executed on 26 July 2022.

Avatar: The Way of Water

Avatar: The Way of Water (also known as Avatar 2) is a 2022 American epic science-fiction movie directed by James Cameron and produced by 20th Century Studios. It is the second movie in Cameron's "Avatar" franchise. It is a sequel to "Avatar" (2009). Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldaña, Stephen Lang, Joel David Moore, CCH Pounder, Giovanni Ribisi and Matt Gerald reprise their roles from the first movie, with Sigourney Weaver returning in an additional role. New cast members include Kate Winslet, Cliff Curtis, Edie Falco, and Jemaine Clement. 

The movie premiered in London on December 6, 2022, and was theatrically released in the United States on December 16, 2022. It will be followed by three sequels on December 20, 2024, December 18, 2026, and December 22, 2028.

At the 95th Academy Awards, it was nominated for four awards, including Best Picture. The movie won Best Visual Effects.



Joel David Moore

Joel David Moore (born September 25, 1977) is an American actor and director. He is known for his roles as Colin Fisher on the Fox series "Bones" and Dr. Norm Spellman in James Cameron's "Avatar" (2009) and its sequels "" (2022) and "Avatar 3" (2024).

Ben Platt

Benjamin Schiff “Ben” Platt (born September 24, 1993) is an American actor and singer-songwriter. He is known for his main role in the Broadway musical "Dear Evan Hansen" (2015–2017). This role earned him a Tony, Emmy, and Grammy Award. At 23, Platt became the youngest individual winner of the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical. Platt played the role of Evan Hansen in 2021 movie version of the musical.

Platt is openly gay.

Blake Jenner

Blake Alexander Jenner (born August 27, 1992) is an American actor, model and singer. Jenner played Ryder Lynn on the Fox musical comedy-drama series "Glee". He has also appeared in "Everybody Wants Some!!" (2016), "The Edge of Seventeen" (2016), "American Animals" (2018), and "What/If" (2019).

Chris Wood (actor)

Christopher Charles Wood (born April 14, 1988) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Kai Parker in the sixth season of the CW's television series "The Vampire Diaries" in 2014. He also starred in the 2016 CW television series "Containment" as police officer Jake Riley. From 2016 to 2018, he played Mon-El on the CW superhero series "Supergirl".

Watertown High School

Watertown High School is a public high school in Watertown, New York. It is the only high school in the Watertown City School District.

The first high school in Watertown was built in 1837, and it was a Presbyterian school. It was demolished in 1905.

Bush family

The Bush family is an American family that is known for their involvement in American politics, news, sports, entertainment, and business. They were the First Family of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and again from 2001 to 2009.

Family members have held held national and state offices across four generations, including that of U.S. senator (Prescott Bush); governor (Jeb Bush and George W. Bush); and president (George H. W. Bush, who also was as vice president, and George W. Bush). 

The Bushes have been called "the most successful political dynasty in American history".


Sources:

Mamirolle

Mamirolle () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is southeast of Besançon on the first plateau of the Jura mountains. It is at the foot of a wooded hill and is crossed by the railroad from Besançon to Le Locle.



Mancenans

Mancenans is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Mancenans is west of L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs between the hills of "Châtel" and "Replain".



Hannes Alfvén

Hannes Olof Gösta Alfvén (; 30 May 1908 – 2 April 1995) was a Swedish electrical engineer and plasma physicist. He was the winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on magnetohydrodynamics (MHD).

Lamitan

Lamitan, officially known as the City of Lamitan (Chavacano: "Ciudad de Lamitan"; Yakan: "Siyudad Lamitanin"; Tausūg: "Dāira sin Lamitan"; ), is a 6th class component city and "de jure" capital of the province of Basilan, Philippines.

Ahmad Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah

Ahmad Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah (born 1956) is a Kuwaiti politician and military official. In July 2022, he became the Prime Minister of Kuwait. Before becoming Prime Minister, he was the Minister of Interior and Deputy Prime Minister of Kuwait from March 2022 until April 2022. He is the son of Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, the Emir of Kuwait. He resigned on 20 December 2023.

Mishal Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah

Mishal Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah (; also spelled Meshal, Mishaal or Meshaal; born 27 September 1940) is the Emir of Kuwait since 16 December 2023. Before becoming emir at aged 83, he was the oldest crown prince in the world.

Crown Prince Nawaf became emir after the death of his half-brother Sabah on 29 September 2020. According to Kuwaiti law, Nawaf had one year to pick his crown prince. After a record-short eight days, he picked his half-brother Mishal on 7 October. 

His pick was controversial as it showed the royal family preferred to pick older options rather than a newer generation such as Prime Minister Nasser Al-Mohammed Al-Sabah and Deputy Prime Minister Nasser Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah.<ref name="Reuters10/1"></ref>

On 2 September 2021, Mishal spoke with US Vice President Kamala Harris about US-Kuwait relations and Kuwait's role in the evacuation of Afghanistan.

Mishal has also represented Kuwait at important events abroad, including the state funeral of Queen Elizabeth II at Westminster Abbey, London in 2022 and the wedding of Hussein, Crown Prince of Jordan in 2023.

Mishal became the emir of Kuwait after the death of his half-brother Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, on 16 December 2023 at the age of 86.

Mishal has two wives: Nuria Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah and Munira Badah Al-Mutairi. He has 12 children: five sons and seven daughters.

Mancenans-Lizerne

Mancenans-Lizerne is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is from Maîche.



Mandeure

Mandeure () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.



Marvelise

Marvelise () is a commune in the Doubs département in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Marvelise is from the Swiss border in the Jura mountains. On the east are the Hauts des Roches (502 m) and on the west the Chanois (516 m).



Mathay

Mathay () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Mathay is north of Pont-de-Roide.



Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 60 metres

The 60 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Polish Stanisława Walasiewicz won the event in 7.6 seconds ahead of Margarete Kuhlmann and British Ethel Johnson.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 60 metres event.
Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition.

The heats took place in morning of 9 August.

Sources:

The heats took place in the afternoon of 9 August.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.

After the semi-final the Dutch Tollien Schuurman tore a muscle and couldn't start the final.
Sources:

Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek

Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek (née "Kontsek;" 29 August 1939 – 20 July 2022) was a Hungarian athlete. He mainly competed in the discus throw event during her career. She won a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Kleiber-Kontsek was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Kleiber-Kontsek died in Budapest on 20 July 2022 at the age of 82.

Branko Cvejić

Branko Cvejić (; 25 August 1946 – 26 July 2022) was a Serbian actor. He was known for his roles in "Grlom u jagode", "The Elusive Summer of '68" and "Balkan Express". Cvejić was born in Belgrade, Serbia. His career began in 1962.

Cvejić died on 26 July 2022 in Belgrade at the age of 75.

Azotobacter

Azotobacter are a type of bacteria that are normally oval or spherical in shape. Azotobacter species are commonly found in soil, sediments and water. Azotobacter grows well at approximately at pH range of 7 to 9, between neutral and alkaline. Azotobacter will die if they are in an environment below the pH 6.

Nitrogen fixation can be defined as the removal of nitrogen from the environment in its molecular form (N2) to create nitrogen compounds that are helpful for other biological processes. Azotobacter species are nitrogen-fixing bacteria (which convert atmospheric nitrogen into ammonia. Azotobacter species are classified as one of the non-symbiotic nitrogen fixation bacteria (free-living bacteria in the soil).

Azotobacter aids to boost plant development and increase soil nitrogen level through nitrogen fixation by using carbon for its metabolism. Optimal calcium nutrient concentrations are required for Azotobacter to develop more rapidly and have the capacity to fix nitrogen (Iswaran and Sen, 1960) but higher nitrogen concentrations have a negative impact on Azotobacter activity (Soleimanzadeh and Gooshchi, 2013). Since more than a century ago, the genus Azotobacter has been utilised as a biofertilizer (fertiliser that contains living microorganisms) (Gerlach & Vogel, 1902).

Algebraic number theory

Algebraic number theory is a branch of number theory that uses algebra to study numbers, and their properties. Examples of algebraic number theory are that Diophantine equations can be used to solve problems of number theory. Galois groups are also useful.

Altimeter

An altimeter is an tool that can measure the height of an object, above a reference plane. A common reference plane is meters above sea level. There are different ways that this measurement can be done. The most common one uses atmospheric pressure. Other ways include ultra sound, laser light, or microwaves. Altimeters in planes often use lasers or microwaves.

Big Jet Plane

Big Jet Plane is a song by Angus Stone. It was later re released with Stone's sister, Julia Stone. It was on the 2010 hottest 100 countdown. The song is featured in a Maybelline commercial. In 2018 it was nominated for best video clip of the year by MTV millennial award's.

Philadelphia Museum of Art

The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a large art museum in Philadelphia. 

It is the 9th largest art museum in the United States. The building is on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The museum has over 240,000 objects. The museum is famous for the Rocky Steps. These steps lead up to the museum. The 1976 movie "Rocky" was filmed here. The museum's sections include American Art, Arms & Armor, Asian Art, European Art, Modern & Contemporary Art, Prints, Drawings, Photographs, and Special Exhibitions. The museum was first planned in 1876 and built in 1928.

Fairmount Park

Fairmount Park is the largest park in Philadelphia. It is about 2,000 acres. The park is on both sides of the Schuykill river. It is in the northwest part of Philadelphia. There is an East and West section. The park includes sites like the Centennial Arboretum, a Horticulture Center, Fairmount Water Works, Memorial Hall (home of the Please Touch Museum), Shofuso Japanese House and Garden, Boathouse Row and Smith Memorial Playground and Playhouse.

Shofuso Japanese House and Garden

Shofuso (Pine Breeze Villa), () is a Japanese house in West Fairmount Park in Philadelphia. The house is 17th century style. The house was a gift from Japan to Americans in 1953. The Centennial Exposition of 1876 happened there. 

Milkshake!

Milkshake! (stylised as milkshake!) is a British children's television programming block on Channel 5. It is made for children aged 3–7.

The year in brackets denotes when the presenter began presenting Milkshake!, one of these presenters would often calls the viewers as "Milkshakers." (Originally known as "Milkyshakers.") (Milkshake! (2005)

Detroit (movie)

Detroit is a 2017 American period crime drama movie directed by Kathryn Ann Bigelow and written by Mark Boal. The movie is about Detroit's 1967 12th Street Riot. It stars John Boyega, Will Poulter, Algee Smith, Jacob Latimore, Jason Mitchell, Hannah Murray, Kaitlyn Dever, Jack Reynor, Ben O'Toole, Nathan Davis, Jr., Peyton Alex Smith, Malcolm David Kelley, Joseph David-Jones, with John Krasinski and Anthony Mackie. The movie got positive reviews and made less money.


"Detroit" had positive reviews from critics. The movie has an 82% on Rotten Tomatoes. The site says the movie is "gut-wrenching".

Carrie (1952 movie)

Carrie is a 1952 American historical romance movie directed by William Wyler and was based on the 1900 novel "Sister Carrie" by Theodore Dreiser. It stars Laurence Olivier, Jennifer Jones, Miriam Hopkins, Eddie Albert, Ray Teal, Walter Baldwin, Barry Kelley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1953.

Chilean Americans

Chilean Americans are Americans of Chilean ancestry.


Barbadian Americans

Barbadian Americans are Americans of Barbadian ancestry.


Pure Shores

"Pure Shores" is a 2000 song by the band All Saints and was released on 14 February 2000. It was used in the soundtrack to the 2000 movie "The Beach" and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Romania and Scotland and went to number 2 in New Zealand.




Dominicans (Dominica)

Dominicans, are an ethnic group and nation native to Dominica. Most Dominicans are Afro-Dominicans who were brought during the slave trade. The remainder of the population are white Dominicans mostly of French stock, people from the India, and the Caribs.

They Met in Moscow

They Met in Moscow () is a 1941 Soviet musical comedy movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Vladimir Zeldin, and Nikolai Kryuchkov.


Valery Chkalov (movie)

Valery Chkalov () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Vladimir Belokurov, Mikheil Gelovani, and Semyon Mezhinsky.


Antosha Rybkin

Antosha Rybkin () is a 1942 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Boris Chirkov, Marina Ladynina, and Vladimir Gribkov.


The Defense of Tsaritsyn

The Defense of Tsaritsyn () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Mikheil Gelovani, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Mikhail Zharov.


The District Secretary

The District Secretary () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Vasili Vanin, Marina Ladynina, and Viktor Kulakov.


A Good Lad

A Good Lad () is a 1942 Soviet movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Evgeniy Grigorev, O. Yakunina, and Ekaterina Sipavina.


His Name Is Sukhe-Bator

His Name Is Sukhe-Bator () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. The movie tells about the founder of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party, the leader of the Mongolian People's Revolution - Damdin Sukhe-Bator. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Semyon Goldshtab, and Maksim Shtraukh.


Kotovsky (movie)

Kotovsky () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Nikolai Mordvinov, Vasili Vanin, and Nikolay Kryuchkov.


Lad from Our Town

Lad from Our Town () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Ivanov, Aleksandr Stolper and Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Nikolai Kryuchkov, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Lidiya Smirnova.


Mashenka (1942 movie)

Mashenka () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Valentina Karavayeva, Mikhail Kuznetsov, and D. Pankratova.


Moscow Strikes Back

Moscow Strikes Back () is a 1942 Soviet documentary movie directed by Ilya Kopalin and Leonid Varlamov.

The Murderers are Coming

The Murderers are Coming () is a 1942 Soviet war movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Yuri Tarich. The movie is based on the 1938 play Fear and Misery of the Third Reich by Bertolt Brecht. It stars Mikhail Astangov, Boris Blinov, and Sofiya Magarill.


Actress (1943 movie)

Actress () is a 1943 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Trauberg. It stars Galina Sergeyeva, Boris Babochkin, and Zinaida Morskaya.


The Front (1943 movie)

The Front () is a 1943 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Boris Zhukovsky, Boris Babochkin, and Pavel Geraga.


In the Name of the Fatherland

In the Name of the Fatherland () is a 1943 Soviet war movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitriy Vasilyev. The movie is based on the play Russian People by Konstantin Simonov. It stars Nikolai Kryuchkov, Yelena Tyapkina, and Mikhail Zharov.


With a Little Luck

"With a Little Luck" is a 1978 song by the band Wings from their album "London Town". It went to number 1 in the United States and in Canada.

Diamond Dogs (movie)

Diamond Dogs is a 2007 Canadian Chinese action movie directed by Dolph Lundgren (who also stars) and Shimon Dotan. It also stars Yu Nan, Raicho Vasilev, Zhang Chunnian. It was released direct to DVD in North America.


Kutuzov (movie)

Kutuzov () is a 1943 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Aleksei Dikij, Semyon Mezhinsky, and Yevgeniy Kaluzhsky.


Nasreddin in Bukhara

Nasreddin in Bukhara () is a 1943 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Lev Sverdlin, M. Mirzakarimova, and Konstantin Mikhailov. The movie is based on the novel by Leonid Solovyov "Disturber of the Peace" about Nasreddin.


She Defends the Motherland

She Defends the Motherland () is a 1943 Soviet drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Lidiya Smirnova.


Stalingrad (1943 movie)

Stalingrad () is a 1943 Soviet documentary movie directed by Leonid Varlamov.

Taxi to Heaven

Taxi to Heaven () is a 1943 Soviet comedy movie directed by Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Boris Blinov.


Two Soldiers (1943 movie)

Two Soldiers () is a 1943 Soviet war movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Mark Bernes, Boris Andreyev, and Vera Shershnyova.


Wait for Me (movie)

Wait for Me () is a 1943 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper and Boris Ivanov. It stars Boris Blinov, Valentina Serova, and Lev Sverdlin.


The Young Fritz

The Young Fritz () is a 1943 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. The movie is based on a short satiric poem by Samuil Marshak. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Maksim Shtraukh, and Mikhail Astangov.


Days and Nights (1944 movie)

Days and Nights () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Vladimir Solovyov, Daniil Sagal, and Yuri Lyubimov.


Duel (1944 movie)

Duel () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Vladimir Belokurov, and Andrey Tutyshkin.


Ivan Nikulin: Russian Sailor

Ivan Nikulin: Russian Sailor () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Boris Chirkov, and Stepan Kayukov.


Ivan the Terrible (1944 movie)

Ivan the Terrible () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Serafima Birman, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


The Last Hill

The Last Hill () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Boris Andreyev, and Akaki Khorava.


Nebo Moskvy

Nebo Moskvy () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Pyotr Aleynikov, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Ivan Kuznetsov.


Once There Was a Girl

Once There Was a Girl () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Nina Ivanova, Natalya Zashchipina, and Ada Vojtsik.


Rainbow (1944 movie)

Rainbow () is a 1944 Soviet war movie directed by Mark Donskoi. It stars Elena Tyapkina, Hans Klering, and Nina Alisova.


Silva (movie)

Silva () is a 1944 Soviet musical movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Zoya Smirnova-Nemirovich, Niyaz Dautov, and Margarita Sakalis.


Six P.M.

Six P.M. () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Ivan Lyubeznov, and Yevgeny Samoylov.


The Ural Front

The Ural Front () is a 1944 Soviet war movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Tamara Makarova, Viktor Dobrovolsky, and Sofya Khalyutina.


The Wedding (1944 movie)

The Wedding () is a 1944 Soviet movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Alexey Gribov, Faina Ranevskaya, and Erast Garin.


We from the Urals

We from the Urals () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksey Konsovsky, Aleksandr Mikhailov, and Yanina Zhejmo.


Zoya (movie)

Zoya () is a 1944 Soviet war movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Galina Vodyanitskaya, Tamara Altseva, and Aleksey Batalov.


The Call of Love

The Call of Love () is a 1945 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, Vera Orlova, and Mikhail Zharov.


Dark Is the Night (1945 movie)

Dark Is the Night () is a 1945 Soviet war movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Irina Radchenko, Boris Andreyev, and Ivan Kuznetsov.


Fifteen-Year-Old Captain

Fifteen-Year-Old Captain () is a 1945 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Vsevolod Larionov, Yelena Izmailova, and Mikhail Astangov.


Girl No. 217

Girl No. 217 () is a 1945 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Vladimir Balashov, and Tatyana Barysheva.


Guilty Without Guilt

Guilty Without Guilt () is a 1945 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Alla Tarasova, Viktor Stanitsyn, and Boris Livanov.


Hello Moscow!

Hello Moscow! () is a 1945 Soviet musical movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Oleg Bobrov, Sergei Filippov, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


Kashchey the Immortal (movie)

Kashchey the Immortal () is a 1945 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Sergei Stolyarov, Alexander Shirshov, and Galina Grigorieva.


The Lost Letter (1945 movie)

The Lost Letter () is a 1945 Soviet animated movie directed by Valentina Brumberg and Zinaida Brumberg.

Simple People

Simple People () is a 1945 Soviet war movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Yuri Tolubeyev, Olga Lebzak, and Boris Zhukovsky.


The Turning Point (1945 movie)

The Turning Point () is a 1945 Soviet movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Mikhail Derzhavin, Sr, Petr Andrievsky, and Yuri Tolubeyev.


Cruiser 'Varyag'

Cruiser 'Varyag' () is a 1946 Soviet war movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Boris Livanov, Aleksandr Zrazhevsky, and Nikolai Chaplygin.


The First Glove

The First Glove () is a 1946 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Frolov. The movie is about young boxer Nikita Krutikov. It stars Vladimir Volodin, Anastasia Zuyeva, and Ivan Pereverzev.


Heavenly Slug

Heavenly Slug () is a 1946 Soviet comedy movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Nikolai Kryuchkov, Vasili Merkuryev, and Vasily Neschiplenko.


In the Mountains of Yugoslavia

In the Mountains of Yugoslavia () is a 1946 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Ivan Bersenev, Nikolay Mordvinov, and Olga Zhizneva.


The Great Glinka

The Great Glinka () is a 1946 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. The movie is about Mikhail Glinka, a Russian composer of the 19th century. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Serova, and Klavdiya Polovikova.


Alibaba Group

Alibaba Group Holding Limited, also known as Alibaba (), is a Chinese multinational technology company.

The Liberated Earth

The Liberated Earth () is a 1946 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin. It stars Vasili Vanin, Emma Tsesarskaya, and Sergei Kalinin.


A Noisy Household

A Noisy Household () is a 1946 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Zharov. It stars Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, Aleksandr Grave, and Mikhail Zharov.


Son of the Regiment

Son of the Regiment () is a 1946 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vasili Pronin. It stars Yuri Yankin, Aleksandr Morozov, and Pavel Volkov.


The Stone Flower (1946 movie)

The Stone Flower () is a 1946 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Vladimir Druzhnikov, Yekaterina Derevshchikova, and Tamara Makarova.


The White Fang

The White Fang () is a 1946 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zguridi. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Yelena Izmailova, and Lev Sverdlin.


Admiral Nakhimov (movie)

Admiral Nakhimov () is a 1947 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. The movie is based on the life of Russian Admiral Pavel Nakhimov (1802-1855). It stars Aleksei Dikiy, Ruben Simonov, and Leonid Knyazev.


Boy from the Outskirts

Boy from the Outskirts () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Yevgeny Samoylov, Sergei Lukyanov, and Aleksandra Vasilyeva.


Cinderella (1947 movie)

Cinderella () is a 1947 Soviet movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Mikhail Shapiro. It stars Yanina Zhejmo, Aleksey Konsovsky, and Erast Garin.


For Those Who Are at Sea

For Those Who Are at Sea () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Aleksandra Trishko, and Dmitri Pavlov.


Win Remmerswaal

Wilhelmus Abraham "Win" Remmerswaal (March 8, 1954 – July 24, 2022) was a Dutch-born American baseball relief pitcher in Major League Baseball. Remmerswaal was born in The Hague, Netherlands. Remmerswaal played for the Boston Red Sox from 1979 to 1980. He also played for the Netherlands national baseball team.

Remmerswaal was put in a coma after getting pneumonia and pleurisy in 1997. He died on July 24, 2022 in the Netherlands at the age of 68.

Celina Seghi

Celina Seghi (6 March 1920 – 27 July 2022) was an Italian alpine skier. She was born in Abetone, Italy. She competed in the 1948 and 1952 Winter Olympics, finishing in fourth place both times. 

Seghi turned 100 in March 2020. She died on 27 July 2022 in Pistoia, Italy at the age of 102.

Abetone

Abetone was a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Pistoia in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was about northwest of Florence and about northwest of Pistoia. It has been a frazione of Abetone Cutigliano since 2017.


Félix Sienra

Félix Sienra (born 21 January 1916) is a Uruguayan former sailor. He took part in the 1948 Summer Olympics and finished in 6th place. Sienra was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Sienra turned 100 in January 2016. As of 2022, he is the oldest known living Olympic athlete.

Staircase (movie)

Staircase is a 1969 British romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Stanley Donen and was based on the play of the same name by Charles Dyer. It stars Richard Burton, Rex Harrison, Cathleen Nesbitt, Beatrix Lehmann, Avril Angers, Pat Heywood, Maurice Colbourne, Dermot Kelly and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Drusus Julius Caesar

Drusus Julius Caesar (14 BC – 14 September AD 23), was the son of Emperor Tiberius, and heir to the Roman Empire after the death of his adoptive brother Germanicus in AD 19.

Drusus first began politics with the office of quaestor in AD 10 and was very popular among the Roman people.

Drusus died suddenly 14 September 23, from natural causes.

Livilla

Claudia Livia (Classical Latin: ; c. 13 BC – AD 31) was the only daughter of Nero Claudius Drusus and Antonia Minor and sister of the Roman Emperor Claudius and general Germanicus. She was the paternal aunt of the emperor Caligula and maternal great-aunt of emperor Nero, as well as the niece and daughter-in-law of Tiberius. 

She was named after her grandmother, Augustus' wife Livia Drusilla. She was known by her family nickname Livilla ("little Livia"). 

Ptychohyla salvadorensis

The Salvador stream frog ("Ptychohyla salvadorensis") is a frog. It lives in El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains. People have seen this frog between 1440 and 2050 meters above sea level.

The Humpbacked Horse (1947 movie)

The Humpbacked Horse () is a 1947 Soviet animated movie directed by I. Ivanov-Vano.

In the Name of Life

In the Name of Life () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Viktor Khokhryakov, Mikhail Kuznetsov, and Oleg Zhakov.


Light over Russia

Light over Russia () is a 1947 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Nikolai Kolesnikov, Mikheil Gelovani, and Vasily Markov.


Miklukho-Maklai (movie)

Miklukho-Maklai () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Razumny. The movie tells about the famous Russian ethnographer Nicholas Miklouho-Maclay and his travels to Australia and Oceania, where he watched the natives. It stars Sergei Kurilov, Galina Grigoreva, and Mikhail Astangov.



Pirogov (movie)

Pirogov () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. The movie is based on the life of Russian scientist and doctor Nikolay Ivanovich Pirogov (1810-1881). It stars Konstantin Skorobogatov, Vladimir Chestnokov, and Sergei Yarov.


Private Aleksandr Matrosov

Private Aleksandr Matrosov () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Anatoliy Ignatyev, Pyotr Konstantinov, and Konstantin Sorokin.


Robinson Crusoe (1947 movie)

Robinson Crusoe () is a 1947 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Andriyevsky. The story of the film is based on the 1719 novel Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Yuri Lyubimov, and Aleksandr Smiranin.


Russian Ballerina

Russian Ballerina () is a 1947 Soviet musical movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Mira Redina, Viktor Kazanovich, and Olga Zhiznyeva.


Secret Agent (1947 movie)

Secret Agent () is a 1947 Soviet spy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Amvrosy Buchma, and Viktor Dobrovolsky.


Springtime (1947 movie)

Springtime () is a 1947 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Nikolay Cherkasov, and Faina Ranevskaya.


The Train Goes East

The Train Goes East () is a 1947 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Lidiya Dranovskaya, Leonid Gallis, and Mariya Yarotskaya.


The Village Teacher

The Village Teacher () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Pavel Olenev, and Daniil Sagal.


Ballad of Siberia

Ballad of Siberia () is a 1948 Soviet musical movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Vladimir Druzhnikov, Marina Ladynina, and Boris Andreyev.


The Court of Honor

The Court of Honor () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Boris Chirkov, Antonina Maksimova, and Evgeniy Samoylov.


First-Year Student

First-Year Student () is a 1948 Soviet movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Natalya Zashchipina, Tamara Makarova, and Tatyana Barysheva.


Glorious Path

Glorious Path () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Buneev, Anatoli Rybakov and Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Aleksandr Antonov, Aleksey Bakhar, and Sergey Bondarchuk.


Michurin (movie)

Michurin () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Grigori Belov, Fyodor Grigoryev, and Vladimir Isayev.


The Precious Seed

The Precious Seed () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Galina Kozhakina, Boris Zhukovsky, and Oleg Zhakov.

Red Necktie

Red Necktie () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Mariya Sauts and Vladimir Sukhobokov. It stars Aleksandr Khvylya, Galina Stepanova, and Vera Okuneva.


The Russian Question

The Russian Question () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Vsevolod Aksyonov, Yelena Kuzmina, and Mikhail Astangov.


Tale of a True Man

Tale of a True Man () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Nikolay Okhlopkov, and Aleksei Dikiy.


The Third Blow

The Third Blow () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Aleksei Dikiy, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Ivan Pereverzev.


Three Encounters

Three Encounters () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko, Vsevolod Pudovkin and Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Tamara Makarova, Boris Chirkov, and Nikolay Kryuchkov.


Alexander Popov (movie)

Alexander Popov () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Herbert Rappaport and Viktor Eisymont. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Aleksandr Borisov, and Konstantin Skorobogatov.


Alitet Leaves for the Hills

Alitet Leaves for the Hills () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Lev Sverdlin, and Boris Tenin.


The Battle of Stalingrad (movie)

The Battle of Stalingrad () is a 1949 Soviet war movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Aleksei Dikiy, Maksim Shtraukh, and Viktor Khokhryakov.


Cossacks of the Kuban

Cossacks of the Kuban () is a 1949 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Sergei Lukyanov, and Vladimir Volodin.


Happy Flight (1949 movie)

Happy Flight () is a 1949 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Nemolyayev. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Mikhail Zharov, and Vera Orlova.


Ivan Pavlov (movie)

Ivan Pavlov () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Aleksandr Borisov, Nina Alisova, and Nikolai Plotnikov.


The Star (1949 movie)

The Star () is a 1949 Soviet war movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Anatoly Verbitsky, Alexey Pokrovsky, and Irina Radchenko.


They Have a Motherland

They Have a Motherland () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer and Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Natalya Zashchipina, Lyonya Kotov, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


Brave People

Brave People () is a 1950 Soviet movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Sergei Gurzo, Alexey Gribov, and Tamara Chernova.


Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 100 metres

The 100 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Käthe Krauß won the event in 11.9 seconds ahead of Polish Stella Walasiewicz and British Eileen Hiscock.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 100 metres event. A day later it was later also mentioned a team of 4 American sprinter was in London for the 100 metres event and 4x 100 metres event.
Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> The Dutch Tollien Schuurman injured herself after winning her semi-final 60 metres event. She was replaced and the Dutch Cor Aalten and Beb Martin competed in the 100 metres event.

The heats took place on 9 August. The Dutch Cor Aalten was eliminated in the heats.

Sources:

The heats took place on 11 August.

The Dutch Beb Martin finished 5th in her semi-final with a time of 12.6 seconds.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.

Sources:

2022 Tunisian constitutional referendum

The 2022 Tunisian constitutional referendum is a referendum in Tunisia held on 25 July 2022 which was organized by the Independent High Authority for Elections to allow a national vote on a new constitution. This referendum was supported by President Kais Saied.

The referendum proposed to expand the powers given to the president and to make Tunisia a presidential system instead of a semi-presidential system.

Voters voted in a landslide to expand the presidential powers in Tunisia.

Anne-Marie Garat

Anne-Marie Garat (9 October 1946 – 26 July 2022) was a French novelist. She won the Prix Femina for her novel "Aden" in 1992 and the for her novel "Les mal famées".

Garat died of cancer on 26 July 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 75.


Conspiracy of the Doomed

Conspiracy of the Doomed () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov.


Dream of a Cossack

Dream of a Cossack () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Anatoli Chemodurov, and Kira Kanayeva.


Robert Hoffmann

Robert Hoffmann (30 August 1939 – 4 July 2022) was an Austrian actor. He was born in Salzburg, Austria. He was best known for his main role in "The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe" (1964). He was also in the 1968 war movie "Kampf um Rom", the 1975 drama-war movie "Le vieux fusil" and the 1980 war movie "The Sea Wolves". His career began in 1964 and retired in 2004.

Hoffmann died of a short-illness on 4 July 2022 in Salzburg at the age of 82.

Birthday effect

The birthday effect (sometimes called the birthday blues, especially when talking about suicide) is a statistical phenomenon where the chances of a person's death is higher on or close to their birthday. The birthday effect has been seen in studies in England and Wales, Switzerland, Ukraine, and the United States. It is even studied within Major League Baseball players.

Some studies find that men's and women's mortality rates are higher near their birthdays. Other studies do not find that gender affects high death rates around birthdays. However, some studies found that women were more likely to die right before a birthday, and men were more likely to die right after.

Some reasons for people dying near or on their birthdays are said to be related to alcohol drinking, stress, higher suicide risk, or terminally ill patients trying to stay alive until their birthday. Another cause could be a yearly cycle (similar to the circadian rhythm) that causes the body to weaken.

A study in England and Wales found that there was a statistically significant birthday effect in men and women (never married, married, divorced and widowed) but it was not seen in the population as a whole.

Famous people to have died on their birthdays include James Lovelock, Levi P. Morton, Frances E. Allen, Julie Bishop, Peter Dickinson, Shih Ming-teh, Edward Seaga, Grachan Moncur III, and Phil Batt.

The Fall of Berlin (movie)

The Fall of Berlin () is a 1950 Soviet war movie directed by Mikheil Chiaureli. It stars Boris Andreyev, Mikheil Gelovani, and Yury Tymoshenko.


Strasburg, North Dakota

Strasburg is a city in Emmons County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 379 at the 2020 census.

Mendocino, California

Mendocino (Spanish for "of Mendoza") is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California, United States. The population of the census-designated place (CDP) is 932 at the 2020 census.


Near Dark

Near Dark is a 1987 vampire western film directed by Kathryn Bigelow. It combines Western and horror genres. The film stars Adrian Pasdar, Jenny Wright, Bill Paxton, Lance Henriksen and Jenette Goldstein. The film got positive reviews but made little money. The film has an 82% on Rotten Tomatoes. 

A vampire Mae bites Caleb. Mae and other vampires abduct Caleb. They disagree on whether to keep him alive. Mae supports and protects Caleb. Caleb risks exposing the vampires, and they want to kill him. Caleb later sacrifices himself for them, and they feel sorry. Caleb learns that Jesse is 150 years old. The vampires get Caleb's sister Sarah. Caleb's father finds the vampires. He demands they release Sarah. The vampires argue. Sarah opens the door, and sunlight burns the vampires. Caleb and his family escape. The vampires try to get back Sarah and distract Caleb. Caleb ends up killing the vampire Severen. Mae helps Sarah and Caleb. Several of the vampires die from sunlight. Mae gets a transfusion and is no longer a vampire. 


K-19: The Widowmaker

K-19: The Widowmaker is a 2002 independent historical movie about one of the first Soviet nuclear submarines. The film is directed and produced by Kathryn Bigelow. The lead actors are Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson. The film had mixed reviews and did not make much money. The film had a budget of $90 million.

Captain Alexei Vostrikov commands a ballistic submarine with executive officer Mikhail Polenin. Vostrikov replaces a drunk reactor officer with Radtchenko. The ship tests missiles near the United States. Vostikov has the ship do risky things like crash into the icecaps. One of the rods of the nuclear reactant gets damaged. Men are exposed to radiation and get sick. Vostrikov says no to American help. The fixed pipe leaks and torpedo fuel catches fire. Tension arises between officers and commanders. Radtchenko fixes the problem. Polenin tricks the officers and arrests them. Vostrikov has the submarine dive to avoid overheating. Later in the Soviet Union, Vostrikov is tried for breaking orders. Polenin defends Vostrikov. Twenty-seven men had died from the radiation. Many years later, Vostrikov and Polenin meet again at the cemetery. Vostrikov toasts and honors the dead men.


Residences of North Korean leaders

North Korean leaders have over 12 different homes that they can use at any time., according to Kim Jong-il’s former bodyguard Lee Young-kuk. Many of the residences were identified on satellite images in the North Korea Uncovered project. Ryongsong Residence is the main home of Kim Jong-un. All homes are kept secret by the government and very few photographs exist.



Barry Ackroyd

Barry Ackroyd (born 12 May 1954) is an English Cinematographer. His notable films include "United 93", "The Hurt Locker" and "Capain Phillips". He won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography for "The Hurt Locker". He has worked with the directors Ken Loach, Paul Greengrass and Kathryn Bigelow. The films that Ackroyd works in are usually very realistic and naturalistic.


Isaac I Komnenos

Isaac I Komnenos ( 1007 - 1 June 1060) was Byzantine Emperor from 1057 until 1059.

After he abdicated due to ill health, he retired to a monastery, where he died in 1060.

Gerda Gottlieb

Gerda Gottlieb (14 April 1916 — 28 October 1992) was an Austrian track an field athlete specialized in high jump and sprint events. She was a member of Sportverein Wiener AC and the Austrian national team.

Gottlieb set in the mid 1930s three world records, in the: standing high jump, 4x 75 metres relay and 440 metres relay. These world records were the last in registered by the women's sports organization FSFI. The World Athletics Association IAAF, which registered women's world records from 1936, did not continue with any of these three disciplines.

At the 1934 Austrian Athletics Championships she became national champion in the 100 metres. She was selected to represent Austria at the 1934 Women's World Games. She won with the relay team the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay event. In the 60 metres event she didn’t reached the semi-finals.

In March 1938 Gottlieb moved to Innsbruck for professional reasons. The Jewish athlete was able to flee to the United States in October of the same year.

Benjamin Rush

Benjamin Rush (January 4, 1746 [O.S. December 24, 1745] – April 19, 1813) was an American politician. He was one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. He was a leader in the Philadelphia community. Rush was also a physician, social reformer, humanitarian and educator. He founded Dickinson College. He was a professor of medicine and chemistry at the University of Pennsylvania. Rush was also the surgeon general of the Continental Army.

Rush was born in Philadelphia on Jan. 4, 1746. He grew up in Philadelphia and went to college at the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University). He did a medical training in Europe. He got a medical degree from the University of Edinburgh. Rush returned to the American colonies. He became a professor at the College of Philadelphia (now University of Pennsylvania). Rush had a medical practice and rescued the American Philosophical Society. His publications include the first American chemistry textbook. 

Rush was politically active. He was part of the Sons of Liberty. He advised Thomas Paine, who wrote "Common Sense". Rush signed the Declaration of Independence. He represented Philadelphia at the Constitutional Convention. 

Rush also gave medical help in battles of the American Revolutionary War. Rush gave directions to keep soldiers healthy. The American military used these guidelines until 1908. However, there was also controversy. Rush sent two letters criticizing George Washington. Rush wrote that the armies were disorderly under Washington. Rush resigned in 1778 and later regretted his letters.

After the Revolutionary War, Rush worked at the Pennsylvania Hospital. Rush was the treasurer of the United States Mint from 1797 to 1813. He became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1788. Rush returned to the University of Pennsylvania as a professor of medicine. William Henry Harrison was a student of Rush. Rush founded Dickinson College in 1773. Rush treated patients during the 1793 Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic. He was also one of the founders of the Pennsylvania Prison Society. Rush prepared Meriwether Lewis for the medical part of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Rush was a reformer in many ways. He opposed slavery. He spoke out against the slave trade. He argued that African-Americans and Europeans were equal. He also opposed the death penalty and capital punishment. He believed punishment for criminals should be private. He said the death penalty went against reason and happiness. Rush also supported women education. He founded the Young Ladies' Academy of Philadelphia. He helped contribute to the ideals of the Republican Motherood.

Medicine at the time was not as advanced. Rush supported heroic medicine. This included things like bloodletting. People criticized Rush for this. It is now known to be dangerous. Rush also wrote case reports on infectious diseases like dengue fever. Rush believed that blackness was a curable skin disease. Today, this is considered false and wrong. Rush studied Native American health and why they got certain diseases. Rush also did a lot with mental health. He used mercury for mental problems. He developed occupational therapy and classified mental disorders. Rush treated addiction like a medical condition and not a sin. At the time, people had bad views about mentally sick people. Rush, however, said that mentally ill people were not inhuman animals. 

Rush died of typhus fever in 1813. He was buried at Christ Church burial in Philadelphia. 

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Candace Against the Universe

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Candace Against the Universe is a Disney Plus original animated movie based on the television series Phineas and Ferb. It is the second Phineas and Ferb movie. It stars Ashley Tisdale as Candace Flynn.

Candace Flynn is having an unusually good day, but then she finds out that her brother Phineas Flynn and stepbrother Ferb Fletcher have built a giant robot made of lint and tries to show it to her mother Linda Flynn to get her to punish them. Linda doesn't even look at it since she's convinced that it (and every other invention Candace told her about) doesn't exist and complains about Candace always telling her that Phineas and Ferb built something impossible. Candace is very sad when she realizes that her mother always thinks she's making stuff up, and Candace tells Phineas that while he's been having a great summer, hers was terrible. Candace is then kidnapped by aliens who tell her she's the saviour of their planet because she breathes out something called Remarkalonium. The alien leader named Super Super Big Doctor is nice to Candace and acts like her friend so when Phineas and Ferb come to rescue their sister, Candace says she won't go back to Earth with them because "I finally found a place where I'm wanted. Where I'm special. Where I'm happy. And a part of me wonders if maybe the reason is that you aren't here". Candace asks Super Super Big Doctor to take her brothers away from where she is, so Super Super Big Doctor locks them in a jail. Candace is angry when she finds out that Super Super Big Doctor did this because Candace actually loves her brothers. Super Super Big Doctor then turns out to be evil and and says that her plan is to get Candace to breathe Remarkalonium on a plant whose spores she uses for mind control to enslave everyone on the planet Feeb-la-oot where she's a dictator and that she kidnapped Candace because she breathes out Remarkalonium which it turns out is actually the alien name for carbon dioxide. Candace tells Super Super Big Doctor that every human breathes out carbon dioxide so Super Super Big Doctor decides to lead an alien invasion of Earth to steal its carbon dioxide and make her plant powerful enough to enslave the galaxy. Candace then teams up with Phineas and Ferb and Dr. Doofenshmirtz to stop Super Super Big Doctor and save the world.



When Will I See You Again

"When Will I See You Again" is a 1974 song by American soul group The Three Degrees from their third album "The Three Degrees". It was written by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom.

Door of the Duomo of Milan (Castiglioni)

The Door of the Duomo of Milan is a sculpture by Giannino Castiglioni. 

The Door is a group of monumental sculptures of the door of honor located on the east side of the Duomo of Milan. Made by the Italian sculptor Giannino Castiglioni, it was inaugurated on December 7, 1950. It is a masterpiece of this sculptor, who worked there for more than 15 years in Lierna Lake Como.

The door of Castiglioni tells the story of Saint Ambrose, patron saint of Milan.


Minnie Pearl

Sarah Ophelia Colley Cannon (October 25, 1912 – March 4, 1996), known professionally as her stage character Minnie Pearl, was an American comedian who appeared at the Grand Ole Opry for more than 50 years (1940–1991) and on the television show Hee Haw from 1969 to 1991.


Far from Moscow

Far from Moscow () is a 1950 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. The movie is based on Vasily Azhayev's 1948 novel of the same title. It stars Nikolay Okhlopkov, Lev Sverdlin, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


Mussorgsky (movie)

Mussorgsky () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Aleksandr Borisov, Nikolay Cherkasov, and Vladimir Balashov.


Secret Mission (1950 movie)

Secret Mission () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Nikolai Komissarov, Sergei Vecheslov, and Yelena Kuzmina.


Zhukovsky (movie)

Zhukovsky () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitri Vasilyev. The movie is based on the life of Russian scientist Nikolai Zhukovsky (1847–1921), founding father of modern aero- and hydrodynamics. It stars Yuri Yurovsky, Ilya Sudakov, and Vladimir Belokurov.


Belinsky (movie)

Belinsky () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. The movie is based on the life of Russian literary critic Vissarion Belinsky (1811–1848). It stars Sergei Kurilov, Aleksandr Borisov, and Georgy Vitsin.


Bountiful Summer

Bountiful Summer () is a 1951 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Nina Arkhipova, Nikolay Kryuchkov, and Viktor Dobrovolsky.


Farewell, America

Farewell, America () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Dovzhenko. The movie is based on the book by the American journalist Annabelle Bucar "The Truth about American Diplomats". It stars Liliya Gritsenko, Nikolai Gritsenko, and Grigori Kirillov.


The Night Before Christmas (1951 movie)

The Night Before Christmas () is a 1951 Soviet animated movie directed by Valentina Brumberg and Zinaida Brumberg.

The Miners of Donetsk

The Miners of Donetsk () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Aleksei Gribov, A. Mansvetov, and G. Pasechnik.

Przhevalsky (movie)

Przhevalsky () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Vsevolod Larionov, Sergey Martinson, and Sergey Papov.

Sporting Honour

Sporting Honour () is a 1951 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Aleksei Gribov, Grigori Sergeyev, and Margarita Lifanova.


The Village Doctor

The Village Doctor () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Tamara Makarova, Grigori Belov, and Lena Belsky.


The Composer Glinka

The Composer Glinka () is a 1952 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Boris Smirnov, Lev Durasov, and Lyubov Orlova.


Dance Teacher (movie)

Dance Teacher () is a 1952 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Vladimir Zeldin, Mark Pertsovskiy, and Tatyana Alekseeva.


The Encounter of a Lifetime

The Encounter of a Lifetime () is a 1952 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Vladimir Sokolov, and Georgi Semyonov.


The Inspector-General

The Inspector-General () is a 1952 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. The movie is based on the play The Government Inspector by Nikolay Gogol. It stars Igor Gorbachyov, Yuriy Tolubeev, and Anastasiya Georgievskaya.


May Nights

May Nights () is a 1952 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. The movie is based on Nikolai Gogol's May Night, or the Drowned Maiden and the subsequent opera version by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. It stars Nikolai Dosenko, Tatyana Konyukhova, and Aleksandr Khvylya.


Sadko (movie)

Sadko () is a 1953 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Sergei Stolyarov, Alla Larionova, and Ninel Myshkova.


The Scarlet Flower (1952 movie)

The Scarlet Flower () is a 1952 Soviet animated movie directed by Lev Atamanov.

The Snow Maiden (1952 movie)

The Snow Maiden () is a 1952 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya.

The Unforgettable Year 1919

The Unforgettable Year 1919 () is a 1952 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikheil Chiaureli. It stars Boris Andreyev, Mikheil Gelovani, and Pavel Molchanov.


Admiral Ushakov (movie)

Admiral Ushakov () is a 1953 Soviet war movie directed by Mikhail Romm. The movie portrays the career of Feodor Ushakov, a celebrated naval officer and contemporary of Horatio Nelson. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Boris Livanov, and Sergei Bondarchuk.


Adventure in Odessa

Adventure in Odessa () is a 1953 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Evgeniy Samoylov, and Viktor Dobrovolsky.


Aleko (movie)

Aleko () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Sidelyov. The movie is based on Sergei Rachmaninoff's 1892 opera Aleko. It stars Aleksandr Ognivtsev, Mark Reizen, and Inna Zubkovskaya.


Alyosha Ptitsyn Grows Up

Alyosha Ptitsyn Grows Up () is a 1953 Soviet comedy movie directed by Anatoliy Granik. It stars Viktor Kargopoltsev, Olga Pyzhova, and Valentina Sperantova.


Attack from the Sea

Attack from the Sea () is a 1953 Soviet war drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. The movie is about the career of the Russian naval officer Fyodor Ushakov and the Siege of Corfu (1798–99). It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Gennadi Yudin, and Vladimir Druzhnikov.


The Boarder (1953 movie)

The Boarder () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov and Mstislav Korchagin. It stars Boris Chirkov, Sergei Kurilov, and Lidiya Dranovskaya.


Bride with a Dowry

Bride with a Dowry () is a 1953 Soviet movie. It was directed by Tatyana Lukashevich and Boris Ravenskih. The movie is a comedic musical. It stars Vera Vasilyeva, Vladimir Ushakov, and Vladimir Dorofeyev.

Chuk and Gek (movie)

Chuk and Gek () is a 1953 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Yura Chuchunov, Andrei Chilikin, and Dmitri Pavlov.


A Comrade's Honour

A Comrade's Honour () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Konstantin Skorobogatov, Boris Kokovkin, and Gennadiy Michurin.

A Fortress in the Mountains

A Fortress in the Mountains () is a 1953 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov and Konstantin Yudin. It stars Vladlen Davydov, Marina Kuznetsova, and Yelena Shatrova.


Hostile Whirlwinds

Hostile Whirlwinds () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Mikhail Kondratyev, Vladimir Yemelyanov, and Leonid Lyubashevsky.


Incident in the Taiga

Incident in the Taiga () is a 1953 Soviet action movie directed by Yuri Yegorov and Yuri Pobedonostsev. It stars Rimma Shorokhova, Boris Bityukov, and Aleksandr Antonov.


Lights on the River

Lights on the River () is a 1953 Soviet children's comedy movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Valery Pastukh, Nina Shorina, and Aleksandr Kopelev.


Lyubov Yarovaya

Lyubov Yarovaya () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Zinaida Karpova, Igor Gorbachyov, and Elena Granovskaya.


Marina's Destiny

Marina's Destiny () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Isaak Shmaruk and Viktor Ivchenko. It stars Yekaterina Litvinenko, Nikolai Gritsenko, and Tatyana Konyukhova.

Maksimka

Maksimka () is a 1953 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Braun. It stars Tolya Bovykin, Boris Andreyev, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Mysterious Discovery

Mysterious Discovery () is a 1953 Soviet family movie directed by Boris Buneev. It stars Aleksey Alekseev, Igor Bezyayev, and B. Dorochov.


Rimsky-Korsakov (movie)

Rimsky-Korsakov () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Gennadi Kazansky and Grigori Roshal. It stars Grigori Belov, Nikolai Cherkasov, and Aleksandr Borisov.


Shadows (1953 movie)

Shadows () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Nikolay Akimov. It stars Valentin Lebedev, Vladimir Petrov, and Galina Korotkevich.


Silvery Dust

Silvery Dust () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Mikhail Bolduman, Sofiya Pilyavskaya, and Valentina Ushakova.


Spring in Moscow

Spring in Moscow () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Galina Korotkevich, Vladimir Petrov, and Yuri Bublikov.


Stars of the Russian Ballet

Stars of the Russian Ballet () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Galina Ulanova, Konstantin Sergeyev, and Natalya Dudinskaya.


Steppe Dawns

Steppe Dawns () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Saakov. It stars Iya Arepina, Lev Frichinsky, and Nikolay Moskalenko. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Boris Bedny.


The Anna Cross

The Anna Cross () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Alla Larionova, Vladimir Vladislavskiy, and Aleksandr Sashin-Nikolsky.


A Big Family

A Big Family () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Boris Andreyev, and Vera Kuznetsova.


Boris Godunov (1954 movie)

Boris Godunov () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Vera Stroyeva. It stars Alexander Pirogov, Nikandr Khanayev, and Georgii Nelepp. The movie is based on the 1874 opera of the same name by Modest Mussorgsky and the 1825 play by Alexander Pushkin.


Certificate of Maturity

Certificate of Maturity () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Vasily Lanovoy, Vadim Grachyov, and Galina Lyapina.


Commander of the Ship

Commander of the Ship () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Braun. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Anatoly Verbitsky, and Ludmila Sokolova.


When We Were the New Boys

"When We Were the New Boys" is the eighteen studio album by Rod Stewart and was released on 29 May 1998. It is the first Rod Stewart album not the be released on vinyl. It went to number 1 in Scotland and number 2 in the United Kingdom.


Gambia national under-20 football team

"Gambia national under-20 football team" is a national association football of The Gambia and competed at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada where they finished in the second round.

Devotion (1954 movie)

Devotion () is a 1954 Soviet romance movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Sergei Romodanov, Marina Ladynina, and Leonid Gallis.


Did We Meet Somewhere Before

Did We Meet Somewhere Before () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nikolay Dostal and Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Arkadi Rajkin, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Mikhail Yanshin.


The Frigid Sea

The Frigid Sea () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Yegorov. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Valentin Grachyov, and Gennadi Yudin.


The Great Warrior Skanderbeg

The Great Warrior Skanderbeg () is a 1953 Soviet-Albanian drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Akaki Khorava, Besa Imami, and Adivie Alibali. The movie is a biography of George Kastriot Skanderbeg (1405–1468), widely known as Skanderbeg, a 15th-century Albanian lord who defended his land against the Ottoman Empire for more than two decades.


Least We Forget

Least We Forget () is a 1954 Soviet war movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Sergey Bondarchuk, Lidiya Smirnova, and Olga Zhiznyeva.


Sakhalin Island (movie)

Sakhalin Island () is a 1954 Soviet movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and Vasiliy Katanyan.

The Safety Match

The Safety Match () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Alexey Gribov, Andrei Popov, and Mikhail Yanshin.


School of Courage

School of Courage () is a 1954 Soviet war movie directed by Vladimir Basov and Mstislav Korchagin. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Mark Bernes, and Vladimir Yemelyanov.


A Tale of the Forest Giant

A Tale of the Forest Giant () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Zguridi. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Lyudmila Skopina, and Lev Sverdlin.


Tamer of Tigers

Tamer of Tigers () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Lyudmila Kasatkina, Pavel Kadochnikov, and Leonid Bykov.


The Boys from Leningrad

The Boys from Leningrad () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Georgy Vitsin, Vsevolod Kuznetsov, and Elena Tyapkina.


Two Friends (1954 movie)

Two Friends () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Lyonya Krauklis, Vladimir Guskov, and Misha Aronov.


World Champion (movie)

World Champion () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gonchukov. It stars Aleksey Vanin, Vladimir Volodin, and Vasily Merkuryev.


Behind Show Windows

Behind Show Windows () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Oleg Anofriev, Viktor Arkasov, and Olga Bgan.


The Crash of the Emirate

The Crash of the Emirate () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov and Latif Faiziyev. It stars Yevgeny Samoylov, K. Alimdzhanov, and Vladimir Krasnopolsky.


The Drummer's Fate

The Drummer's Fate () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Daniil Sagal, Sergei Yasinsky, and Alla Larionova.


The Enchanted Boy

The Enchanted Boy () is a 1955 Soviet animated movie directed by Vladimir Polkovnikov and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya.

The First Echelon

The First Echelon () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Vsevolod Sanayev, Nikolay Annenkov, and Oleg Yefremov.


Solomon Islands national futsal team

The "Solomon Islands national futsal team" represents Solomon Islands in international futsal competitions and are a mainstay at the FIFA Futsal World Cup since 2008.

The Gadfly (1955 movie)

The Gadfly () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Marianna Strizhenova, and Nikolai Simonov.


Good Morning (1955 movie)

Good Morning () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Frolov. It stars Tatyana Konyukhova, Izolda Izvitskaya, and Yuri Sarantsev.


The Grasshopper (1955 movie)

The Grasshopper () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Sergey Bondarchuk, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Vladimir Druzhnikov. The movie is based on a short story of the same title by Anton Chekhov.


Heroes of Shipka

Heroes of Shipka () is a 1955 Soviet-Bulgarian drama movie directed by Sergei Vasilyev. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Viktor Avdyushko, and Georgi Yumatov. The movie tells the story of the famous Battle of Shipka Pass during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–78. 


Lyana

Lyana () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Kyunna Ignatova, Aleksandr Shvorin, and Muza Krepkogorskaya.

The Mexican (1955 movie)

The Mexican () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Kaplunovsky. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Boris Andreyev, and Daniil Sagal.


Mikhaylo Lomonosov

Mikhaylo Lomonosov () is a 1955 Soviet movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Boris Livanov, Asta Vihandi, and Vladimir Soshalsky.


Mother (1955 movie)

Mother () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Aleksey Batalov, and Tatyana Piletskaya. The movie is based on the 1906 eponymous novel by Maxim Gorky.


Princess Mary (movie)

Princess Mary () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Anatoliy Verbitskiy, K. Sanova, and Karina Shmarinova.


Private Ivan

Private Ivan () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Sergey Blinnikov, and Tatyana Pelttser.


Romeo and Juliet (1955 movie)

Romeo and Juliet () is a 1955 Soviet movie directed by Lev Arnshtam and Leonid Lavrovsky. It stars Galina Ulanova, Yuri Zhdanov, and I. Olenina.


The Road (1955 movie)

The Road () is a 1955 Soviet action movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Andrei Popov, Vitaly Doronin, and Nikolai Gritsenko.


1934 Austrian Athletics Championships

The 1934 Austrian Athletics Championships () was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for Austria. It consisted of 32 events: 23 events for men and 9 events for women.

1933 Austrian Athletics Championships

The 1933 Austrian Athletics Championships () was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for Austria. It consisted of 41 events: 29 events for men and 12 events for women.

Smoke in the Forest (movie)

Smoke in the Forest () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov and Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Anatoli Berladin, Ludmila Genika-Chirkova, and Ira Luzanova.


Son (1955 movie)

Son () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Ozerov. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Pyotr Konstantinov, and Varvara Kargashova.


Twelfth Night (1955 movie)

Twelfth Night () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Klara Luchko, Alla Larionova, and Vadim Medvedev.


Two Captains (movie)

Two Captains () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Aleksandr Mikhaylov, Olga Zabotkina, and Anatoly Adoskin.


Unfinished Story

Unfinished Story () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Elina Bystritskaya, Sergey Bondarchuk, and Sofia Giatsintova.


Vasyok Trubachyov and His Comrades

Vasyok Trubachyov and His Comrades () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Oleg Vishnev, Aleksandr Chudakov, and Vladimir Semenovich.


Behind the Footlights

Behind the Footlights () is a 1956 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Vasili Merkuryev, Liliya Yudina, and Tatyana Karpova.


Carnival Night

Carnival Night () is a 1956 Soviet movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Lyudmila Gurchenko, and Yuri Belov.


A Crazy Day

A Crazy Day () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Sergey Martinson, and Serafima Birman.


Different Fortunes

Different Fortunes () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Tatyana Piletskaya, Yulian Panich, and Georgi Yumatov.


The Forty-First (1956 movie)

The Forty-First () is a 1956 Soviet war drama movie directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It stars Izolda Izvitskaya, Oleg Strizhenov, and Nikolai Kryuchkov.


For the Power of the Soviets

For the Power of the Soviets () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Buneev. It stars Aleksey Alekseev, Boris Chirkov, and Sergei Kurilov.


Wanksta

"Wanksta" is a song by American rapper 50 Cent. It is the second single off of the from the 2002 movie "8 Mile". The song also appeared on G-Unit's second mixtape "No Mercy, No Fear" and 50 Cent's first studio album "Get Rich or Die Tryin'".The song was released on November 5, 2002. The song was able to make it to #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and is certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 

50 describes a Wanksta as "a gangsta that doesn't progress. [Someone] that just goes through the cycle constantly. Most gangstas' actions are for finances -- they're motivated by money, the root of all evil -- but how are you gangsta and you're not getting any money? You're going back and forth to jail. And you're telling stories like, yeah I'm gonna get this [BMW]. And then we see you at the car lot, and you're there looking at the [BMW], and you still don't get it."

Eminem released a remix as diss song on Ja Rule on his 2004 box set "The Singles".


The Girl and the Crocodile

The Girl and the Crocodile () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Iosif Gindin and Isaak Menaker. It stars Elena Granovskaya, Evgeniy Teterin, and Natalya Polinkovskaya.

Honeymoon (1956 movie)

Honeymoon () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Lyudmila Kasatkina, Pavel Kadochnikov, and Tatyana Pankova.


Ilya Muromets (movie)

Ilya Muromets () is a 1956 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Boris Andreyev, Ninel Myshkova, and Shukur Burkhanov.


The Immortal Garrison

The Immortal Garrison () is a 1956 Soviet war movie directed by Zakhar Agranenko and Eduard Tisse. It stars Vasili Makarov, Vladimir Yemelyanov, and Nikolai Kryuchkov.


The Killers (1956 movie)

The Killers () is a 1956 Soviet movie directed by Marika Beiku, Aleksandr Gordon and Andrei Tarkovsky. It stars Yuli Fait, Aleksandr Gordon, and Valentin Vinogradov. The movie is an adaptation of a short story by Ernest Hemingway.


Maksim Perepelitsa

Maksim Perepelitsa () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Anatoliy Granik. It stars Leonid Bykov, Lyudmila Kostirko, and Nikolai Yakovchenko.


Murder on Dante Street

Murder on Dante Street () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Yevgeniya Kozyreva, Mikhail Kozakov, and Nikolai Komissarov.


Malaysia national futsal team

The Malaysia national futsal team represents Malaysia in international futsal competitions and attended the 1996 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

Old Khottabych

Old Khottabych () is a 1956 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Gennadi Kazansky. It stars Nikolay Volkov, Alexey Litvinov, and Genya Khudyskov.


1935 Austrian Athletics Championships

The 1935 Austrian Athletics Championships () was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for Austria. It consisted of 42 events: 30 events for men and 12 events for women.

Othello (1955 movie)

Othello () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Andrei Popov, and Irina Skobtseva. The movie is based on the play Othello by William Shakespeare.


Other People's Relatives

Other People's Relatives () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Nikolai Rybnikov, Nonna Mordyukova, and Nikolai Sergeyev.


The Poet (1956 movie)

The Poet () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Izolda Izvitskaya, and Sergey Dvoretskiy.


Sasha Enters Life

Sasha Enters Life () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Oleg Tabakov, Viktor Avdyushko, and Nikolai Sergeyev.


1933 WAAA Championships

The 1933 WAAA Championships were the 12th national track and field championships for women in the United Kingdom. The tournament was held on 15 July 1933at the White City Stadium in London, United Kingdom, with the cross country event being held in Warwick.

At the championships also four women from the Netherlands participated, sent by the ENDAT. The Dutch Gerda de Kock became champion in the shot put and javelin throw event, both in a new Enlgish record. According to Dutch newspapers the audience seemed to be pleased with the Dutch participants, their good style and sporting achievements. Gerda de Kock who won two titles, became the focus of photographers and film cameras. The Dutch ladies won two titles and finished three times in second place.

Gerda de Kock won the shot put event in a "new English record". Dutch newspapers wrote she improved the English national record from 32 ft. 11 inch to 33 ft. 8 inch (10.25 metres). The throw of 10.40 metres of the Dutch Munnikes was invalid. She finished in second place with 10.09 metres. De Kock also became champion in the javelin throw event with 36.10, "beating the English record with 4 feet and 2 inches". Title holder Halstead finished in second place. The national records described by the Dutch press, became never official English national records. 

Bets ter Horst, who was very nervous at the start, finished in second place in the 80 metres hurdles behind Elsie Green. With 12.3 seconds Ter Horst was fasther than the Dutch national record.

Cor Pels finished second in the discus throw event behind Ada Holland.

It rained during the competitions. The stadium was well filled with spectators. 
⚥ later identified as a man. Edith Halstead used the name when being a man the name Edwin Halstead. Lillian Chalmers later used the name Leonard Chalmers.

Source:

Schultze's stream frog

Schultze's stream frog ("Ptychohyla leonhardschultzei") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains. It lives in the states of Oaxaca and Guerrero. People have seen this frog between 700 and 2000 meters above sea level.

Some scientists said they had seen this frog on the Atlantic side (east side) of the mountains, but this was really another frog: "Ptychohyla zophodes".

List of vice presidents of India

The vice president of India is the second highest constitutional office in the government of India after the president. 
Due to Article 63 of the Constitution of India, the vice president discharges the functions of the president when a contingency arises due to the resignation, removal, death, impeachment or inability. 
The vice president is also the "ex officio" chairperson of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India.

-Died in office-Resigned

Sierra de los Cuchumatanes

The Sierra de los Cuchumatanes is a group of mountains in Guatemala.

The mountains formed during the Cretaceous Period. The Altos de Chiantla is a table-shaped land in the Sierra. It had an ice cap.

Historians don't know what people used the Sierra and the Altos de Chiantla for before the Spanish came to Mesoamerica. They think only a few people lived there. After the Spanish came to Mesoamerica, they brought sheep. Historians are not sure whether the Spanish brought potatoes to the Sierra or whether South Americans and Mesoamericans brought potatoes there first. But they do know there was more potato farming after the Spanish came.

When sheep eat the plants and grass, sometimes the soil is pushed away by the rain and wind. This is called erosion. This is a problem in the Sierra.

Some scholars say that the plants of Sierra de los Chuchumatanes are more like the plants in the Andes Mountains in South America than like plants in the rest of Mesoamerica.

The plants in this place are páramo grasslands, but there are also some trees: juniper and pines in small groups and forests of fir trees. However, the sheep eat many new plants, so most trees grow in places that are too steep for the sheep to walk.

People in the Sierra de los Chuchumantanes grow potatoes and sheep. They do not grow corn the way people closer to sea level do. This is because the weather is colder higher up in the mountains.

There are hundreds of miles of stone fences in the Sierra. This keeps the sheep from moving too far away. People put soil on top of the stone fences. They grow plants, for example, agave, in the soil on top of the fences.

Many young people leave the Sierra for work. Some of them come to the United States. They send money back home to their families on the Sierra. This money is called remittances. The families use the money to build things: new houses, water systems for their farms, and electricity. They also buy pickup trucks so they can take their potatoes and wool to markets. This way, they can sell them for better prices.

Some people still live in Mayan-style houses: They have roofs made of grass called thatch. But with young people sending money home, their families have built cinder block houses. These houses have roofs made of metal. Most of them have two floors. There are fewer rats in cinder block houses than in houses with grass roofs.

The traditional Mayan sweat bath is called a "chuj". It is made of rock with a live sod roof. This means the roof is made of earth with plants growing out of it. With young people sending money home, their families have built new chuj out of cinder blocks.

Soldiers (movie)

Soldiers () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Vsevolod Safonov, Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy, and Tamara Loginova.


Spring on Zarechnaya Street

Spring on Zarechnaya Street () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Feliks Mironer and Marlen Khutsiev. It stars Nina Ivanova, Nikolai Rybnikov, and Vladimir Gulyaev.


They Were the First

They Were the First () is a 1956 Soviet war drama movie directed by Yuri Egorov. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Liliana Alyoshnikova, and Mark Bernes.


Bernice Steyl

Bernice Steyl married name Bernice Du Plessis (11 May 1911 — 7 July 2008) was a South African track an field athlete specialized in the shot put.

Steyl was, like Marjorie Clark and Barbara Burke, a South African women who was forced by South African administrator to compete overseas in Great Britain. She became champion of England after winning the shot put event at the 1930 WAAA Championships.

Steyl married in 1938 to Josias Hendrik Otto du Plessis (1906-1960) who was Administrator of Cape Province. They had one child and she was grandmother. She died on 7 July 2008 at the age of 97. She is burried in Stellenbosch, South Africa.

Chuj (bathhouse)

A chuj is a traditional Mayan bathhouse. It is a sweat bath or steam bath. Traditional chuj had stone walls and live sod roofs. This means the roof was made of earth or soil and had plants growing on it. Today, some chuj are made out of cinder blocks instead.

Each family would build their own chuj near their house out of stone or adobe bricks. The chuj has no windows. Inside, the people heat rocks until they are hot. Then they throw water onto the rocks to make steam. The bathers lie down on wooden beds in the hut. The traditional belief is that the chuj cleans the body and also the spirit and mind.

1932 WAAA Championships

The 1932 WAAA Championships were the 11th national track and field championships for women in the United Kingdom. The tournament was held in London (SB), United Kingdom, with the cross country event being held in Coventry.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Latre identified as Edith Halstead.

The Twelve Months (1956 movie)

The Twelve Months () is a 1956 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Mikhail Botov.

A Weary Road

A Weary Road () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Gaidai and Valentin Nevzorov. It stars Sergei Yakovlev, Vladimir Belokurov, and Kyunna Ignatova.


The White Poodle

The White Poodle () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Marianna Roshal and Vladimir Shredel. It stars Viktor Koltsov, Vladimir Polyakov, and Natalia Gitserot.


And Quiet Flows the Don (1958 movie)

And Quiet Flows the Don () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Pyotr Glebov, Elina Bystritskaya, and Zinaida Kiriyenko. The movie is based on the novel of the same title by Mikhail Sholokhov.


Close to Us

Close to Us () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Adolf Bergunker. It stars Leonid Bykov, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, and Klara Luchko.


Don Quixote (1957 movie)

Don Quixote () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Yuri Tolubeyev, and Serafima Birman.


Dickinson College

Dickinson College is a liberal arts college in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Benjamin Rush founded it in 1783. It is one of the first colleges in the United States. The college is named after John Dickinson. He and Rush were signers of the US Declaration of Independence. Dickinson was originally the Carlisle Grammar School. The college has about 42 majors. There is also a Dickinson School of Law. 

Grenadian Americans

Grenadian Americans are Americans whose ancestry came from the Caribbean island of Grenada, or Grenadians who have American citizenship.

American Philosophical Society

American Philosophical Society is an academic institution that supports research and scholarship. Benjamin Franklin founded the society in 1743 in Philadelphia. It was the first learned society in the United States. There are meetings, publications, grants and community outreach. The society supports research in the humanities and sciences. The building includes a museum and library. There are a couple thousand of members in the society. There are also honorary members. 

The society gives out awards in academia. 

Three Sisters (agriculture)

The Three Sisters are three types of crops. They are winter squash, maize ("corn"), and beans. Native Americans are known to use these crops. They were originally from Mesoamerica (present-day Mexico). Companion planting was often used with these crops. These crops could grow better when combined. The crops were important in Cahokian, Mississippian, Muscogee, Haudenosaunee, Maya, Mandan and Iroquois cultures. The Three Sisters were important for food and trade. The crops, especially maize helped population growth.

Creek (disambiguation)

A creek in North America is a stream. 

Creek might also refer to:


Hogar de HGTV

Hogar de HGTV is an American TV channel.

Virgin Islands Americans

Stateside Virgin Islands Americans are West Indian Americans who hold US citizenship and who have migrated from the U.S. Virgin Islands to the continental United States and Hawaii, and their descendants.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 200 metres

The 200 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Käthe Krauß won the event in 24.9 seconds ahead of Polish Stella Walasiewicz and British Eileen Hiscock.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.
<nowiki>*</nowiki> The Dutch Tollien Schuurman injured herself after winning her semi-final 60 metres event. She was replaced and the Dutch Cor Aalten and Beb Martin competed in the 200 metres event.

The heats took place on 9 August.

Sources:

The semi-finals took place on 10 August.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Note: in Dutch newspaper sources the Canadian Palmer is listed in third place, without mentioning Hiscock at all. However, all database sources uses Hiscock as third in the event.

Sources:

Rai Italia

Rai Italia is the English language television service of Rai Internazionale, Italy's public national broadcaster. Rai Italia broadcasts around the world on three feeds. The programming it airs is a mix of news, discussion-based programs, drama and documentaries. It also broadcasts sports coverage. This includes four live games per week from Italy's top football league, Serie A. 

Norris Winslow

Norris M. Winslow (May 19, 1835 – May 10, 1900) was an American banker and politician. He built almost 100 buildings in Watertown, New York.

Norris Winslow was born on May 19, 1835 in Watertown, New York as the son of John Winslow and Betsey Collins Winslow. He attended public schools in Fields Settlement, New York. He also studied at Falley Seminary and Watertown High School. He graduated in 1854, and he became a clerk in a department store owned by Truman Keeler in Watertown, and he was paid $2 a week. After about two years, he bought the stores stock, and became a merchant. 

In 1866, he opened the Merchants' Bank of Watertown. In April 1870, the bank was incorporated as a stock company, and he became chief executive officer of the company. In 1869, he bought a cotton factory in Factory Square in Watertown, and he started to heavily improve the square. The Carthage, Watertown and Sackets Harbor Railroad started to be built in 1872, and Winslow was one of the directors. In 1873, he built the Winslow Block, a building in the Public Square in Watertown. He built almost 100 buildings in the southeastern part of Watertown. 

Winslow was also the chief executive officer of the Watertown Fire Insurance Company, and he was a shareholder of the Davis Sewing Machine Company. The Watertown Spring Wagon Company was started because of him. He was a member of the New York State Senate (18th D.) from 1870 to 1873, in the 93rd, 94th, 95th and 96th New York State Legislatures as a Republican. He was a special agent in the U.S. Treasury Department from 1882 to 1890, but he quit because he was ill.

He married Julia Elizabeth Eddy on April 16, 1862. They had two children, Harry Eddy Winslow, who was born on June 17, 1863, and Jenny Louise Winslow, who was born on February 21, 1865.

Winslow died on May 10, 1900, and he was buried at Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.


Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 800 metres

The 800 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Zdena Koubková won the event in a new world record of 2 minutes and 12.8 seconds, ahead of Swedish Märtha Wretman and British Gladys Lunn.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 800 metres event.

The semi-finals took place on 9 August.

Sources:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Sources:

Wrong Number (The Cure song)

"Wrong Number" is a 1997 song by the English rock band The Cure and was released as a single from their album "Galore".

Lullaby (The Cure song)

"Lullaby" is a song by the English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released on 10 April 1989 and from their eighth album "Disintegration". It was a top ten hit in the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Italy, Netherlands, Austria, Norway and Spain.

The US-only single "Fascination Street" included the B-sides from the UK release of "Lullaby". Therefore, the US release needed some new B-sides. The two live cuts, "Homesick" and "Untitled", are from the limited edition live album "Entreat", which was recorded during the Disintegration Tour.

The song was remixed for single release, giving it more of an electronic feel.




Muscogee

The Muscogee or Mvskoke, Muscogee Creek are a Native American people from the Southeastern Woodlands. Today this is Tennessee, Alabama, western Georgia and northern Florida. Their languages are Muscogee, Mvskoke and Hitchiti-Mikasuki. The languages are part of the Muscogean language family. The Seminole people come from the Muscogee tribes. The Muscogee historically formed the Muscogee Confederacy. 

The Muscogee Confederacy included several Upper Towns and several Lower Towns. Abihka, Coosa, Tuckabutche, and Coweta were the four earliest towns. 

The Muscogee Confederacy had particular social structure. The social unit was the town ("idalwa"). The "mico" was village chief and most important man. "Micos" were warriors. "Micalgi" were lower chiefs. The "heniha" was second in charge. The "tustunnuggee" were ranked warriors. The clan was another social group. They dealt with land, hunts, marriages and crimes. 

Early Muscogee were part of the Mississippian culture. They built cities and were mound builders. Notable mound sites are the Ocmulgee, Etowah Indian Mounds, and Moundville sites.

Spanish were early Europeans to meet the Muscogee in the 16th century. 

Natives had interpretations for two special events. One was the Great Comet of 1811. The other was the 1812 New Madrid Earthquake. Many thought the events meant that they should support the Shawnee. 

There was conflict between the Upper and Lower Towns of the Muscogee. This eventually lead to the Red Stick War (Creek War, 1813–1814). It was connected to the War of 1812. Europeans also got involved in the war. Shawnee leader Tecumseh led the Northern towns. They lost against the Southern Muscogee and General Andrew Jackson. In 1814, the Muscogee signed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. They had to give up a lot of land. The Muscogee spread out to different regions after this. Several went to Florida. 

In Florida, Andrew Jackson attacked the Seminole in 1817. The Natives had been raiding towns. The Seminole lost and many moved inland. 

The Muscogee were forced to leave their homes during the Trail of Tears in the 1830s. Most went to Indian Territory (Oklahoma). Some remaining Muscogee moved to Florida and formed the Seminole. Also many of these Seminole were forced to leave. Some moved south to the Everglades. 

The Muscogee were considered part of the so-called "Five Civilized Tribes". The Europeans saw how technologically advanced these natives were and thought they were civilized. 

"Opothleyahola" was a chief of the Muscogee during the American Civil War. He wanted that the Muscogee stay neutral. Later they supported the Union and blacks.

Scampurr

Scampurr is a brand name of a recreational vehicle. The Scampurr was designed to go on land like a Go-Kart and over snow like a snowmobile. The vehicle was invented by Philip R. Hetland in 1967. It entered commercial production in Moorhead, Minnesota. The original company making the Scampurr was Hetland Enterprises. Later, production rights were sold to Leisure Industries in Edina, Minnesota.

Interpol notice

An Interpol notice is an international alert that is displayed in all European and connected countries. The message shows a wanted notice for a certain person or persons. It is like the FBI's Most Wanted list.

Serhii Parkhomenko

Serhii Ihorovych Parkhomenko (  January 14, 1997, Kharkiv —  May 14, 2022, Gulyaipole, Zaporizhzhia oblast) — Ukrainian military serviceman, captain of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, participant in the Russian-Ukrainian war. Hero of Ukraine (2022, posthumous).

He was born on January 14, 1997 in the city of Kharkiv, in a family of military aviators. Since childhood, he dreamed of the sky and wanted to connect his life with aviation. He graduated from the Ivan Bohun Kyiv Military Lyceum.

At the time when his father Ihor Parkhomenko was performing combat missions in the air during the war with Russian proxyes in eastern Ukraine in 2014, Serhiy entered the flight faculty of the Ivan Kozhedub National Technical University, which he successfully graduated in 2019, having obtained the qualification of a 3rd class pilot.

Following the example of his father and grandfather, Serhii expressed a desire to serve in the tactical aviation brigade named after Lieutenant General Vasyl Nikiforov and to fly Su-25 aircraft. Despite his young age, at the time of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, he already held the position of commander of the aviation unit. Since the first day of repelling the Russian invasion of Ukraine, he has carried out 38 sorties in difficult conditions with enemy air defense and fighter aircraft, during which he destroyed more than 20 enemy tanks, more than 50 armored combat vehicles, 55 vehicles, 20 fuel tanks and several hundred soldiers and officers of the Rashists.

For the courage and patriotism shown during the defense of the Motherland against Russian aggression, by Decree of the President of Ukraine No. 292/2022 dated May 2, 2022 he was awarded the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky III Class.

On May 14, 2022, Captain Serhiy Parkhomenko died heroically while performing a combat mission in the Zaporizhzhia region near the city of Gulyaipole.

Since the hostilities were going on in the region where Serhiy came from, the Hero was buried on May 18, 2022 in Vinnytsia.

He was survived by his parents, wife and son, who was born in March 2022.



John Winslow (politician)

John Winslow (December 19, 1802 – July 7, 1874) was an American soldier and politician.

John Winslow was born on December 19, 1802 in Woodstock, Vermont. His mother was Lucy Winslow, and his father was Samuel Winslow. In May, 1807, his parents moved from Woodstock to a log cabin in a forest 2.75 miles away from the city of Watertown, New York. He lived in the cabin for most of his life, but he moved away on January 7, 1870. He did not have a lot of education, but he went to Lowville Academy in Lowville, New York for one term.

On January 19, 1826, Winslow became ensign of the 76th Infantry Regiment. In 1827 he was promoted lieutenant, and on September 26, 1828, he was promoted to captain. On November 6, 1849 he became a member of the 73rd New York State Legislature, in the first district, as a democrat. In 1853 he became president of the Jefferson County Agricultural Society.

On October 18, 1827, John Winslow married Betsey Collins. John and Betsey had five children, Bradley, Norris, Betsey, Lucy, and Jennie. Betsey died in 1843. John married Sarah Bates on May 23, 1844. John and Sarah had one son. John Winslow died on July 7, 1874, in the city of Watertown from congestion. He was buried in Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection is a compilation of video games developed by Digital Eclipse and published by Konami. It features 13 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" video games developed by Konami during the 80s and 90s. It was released for Windows via Steam, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S on August 30, 2022.

Niko Verona

Niko Verona (stage name), whose real name is Maciej Zamiatowski (b. Warsaw, March 5, 1985) is a polish actor based in spain whose career includes television, theater and cinema. Known for his character as Cachopo in Sky Rojo and as Tomás in the feature film Standard.

Bo Svensson

Bo Svensson (born 4 August 1979) is a Danish professional football coach and a former defender. He is manager of Mainz 05 in the German Bundesliga.

He has played three games for the Denmark national football team.

He started playing youth football with Kjøbenhavns Boldklub (KB). He moved from KB to FC Kopenhagen in June 1999. He debuted in September 1999. In March 2000 he played for Danish under-21 national team.

With FCK he won the 2001 Danish Superliga championship and the 2003 Superliga. He won 2004 Superliga and Danish Cup. The 2004–05 season was less successful, but FCK managed won the 2005 Royal League tournament. With his FCK contract running out one year later, in the summer 2006, Svensson looked for a new club, and left FCK in the winter break 2005. He played a total of 196 official games for FCK.

In January 2006 he went to Borussia Mönchengladbach in the German Bundesliga. In May 2006 he played for the Danish national team. In summer 2007 he was transferred to Mainz 05. After the 2013–14 season he retired from professional football.

Svensson started his coaching career as an assistant coach for Mainz 05. In June 2015 he became a youth coach for the club. In 2017 Svensson took over the under 19 squad of Mainz.

In 2019, he became the head coach of FC Liefering in the 2. Liga in Austria. Under his leadership the team finished the 2019–20 season in third place. In the beginning of the 2020–21 season the team was in the second place after 13 games.

On 4 January 2021 Svensson became the new head coach of his former club Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga.

List of programs broadcast by BET

This is a list of current, former, and upcoming programming on BET (Black Entertainment Television).

These shows have been picked up by BET for additional seasons after having aired previous seasons on another network.




















Duel (1957 movie)

Duel () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Nikolai Komissarov, Andrei Popov, and Yuri Puzyryov.


Ekaterina Voronina (movie)

Ekaterina Voronina () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Lyudmila Khityaeva, Sergey Bobrov, and Vera Pashennaya.


The Girl Without an Address

The Girl Without an Address () is a 1957 Soviet movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Svetlana Karpinskaya, Nikolai Rybnikov, and Erast Garin.



Gutta-percha Boy

Gutta-percha Boy () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov. It stars Alexey Gribov, Mikhail Nazvanov, and Aleksandr Popov.


The House I Live In (1957 movie)

The House I Live In () is a 1957 Soviet war movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov and Yakov Segel. It stars Vladimir Zemlyanikin, Yevgeny Matveyev, and Rimma Shorohova.


It Happened in Penkovo

It Happened in Penkovo () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Maya Menglet, Svetlana Druzhinina, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Leningrad Symphony (movie)

Leningrad Symphony () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Zakhar Agranenko. It stars Vladimir Solovyov, Mark Pertsovsky, and Olga Malko.


A Lesson in History

A Lesson in History () is a 1957 Soviet-Bulgarian drama movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Stefan Savov, Tzvetana Arnaudova, and Ivan Tonev.


Malva (1957 movie)

Malva () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Braun. It stars Dzidra Ritenberga, Pavel Usovenichenko, and Anatoly Ignatiev.


Miles of Fire

Miles of Fire () is a 1957 Soviet movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Igor Savkin, Margarita Volodina, and Mikhail Troyanovsky.


Road to the Stars

Road to the Stars () is a 1957 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Pavel Klushantsev. It stars Georgy Solovyov.

The Sisters (1957 movie)

The Sisters () is a 1957 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Roshal.

Stories About Lenin

Stories About Lenin () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Maria Pastukhova, and Anna Lisyanskaya.


Street Full of Surprises

Street Full of Surprises () is a 1957 Soviet comedy movie directed by Sergei Sidelyov. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Vsevolod Larionov, and Georgi Chernovolenko.


Trubachyov's Detachment Is Fighting

Trubachyov's Detachment Is Fighting () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Oleg Vishnev, Vladimir Semenovich, and Aleksandr Chudakov.


A Unique Spring

A Unique Spring () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Yevgeniya Kozyreva, Izolda Izvitskaya, and Aleksandr Mikhaylov.


An Unusual Summer

An Unusual Summer () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Viktor Korshunov, Roza Makagonova, and Vladimir Yemelyanov.


The Wrestler and the Clown

The Wrestler and the Clown () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet and Konstantin Yudin. It stars Stanislav Chekan, Aleksandr Mikhaylov, and Yuriy Medvedev.


Beloved Beauty

Beloved Beauty () is a 1958 Soviet animated movie directed by Vladimir Degtyaryov.

The Captain's Daughter (1958 movie)

The Captain's Daughter () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Kaplunovskiy. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Sergei Lukyanov, and Iya Arepina.


The City Turns the Lights On

The City Turns the Lights On () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Nikolay Pogodin, Elena Dobronravova, and Oleg Borisov.


The Communist (movie)

The Communist () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Yevgeni Urbansky, Sofia Pavlova, and Boris Smirnov.


E.A. — Extraordinary Accident

E.A. — Extraordinary Accident () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Ivchenko. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Alexander Anurov, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Fathers and Sons (1958 movie)

Fathers and Sons () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Adolf Bergunker and Natalya Rashevskaya. It stars Viktor Avdyushko, Eduard Martsevich, and Aleksey Konsovsky.


A Girl with Guitar

A Girl with Guitar () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Alexander Feinzimmer. It stars Lyudmila Gurchenko, Mikhail Zharov, and Vladimir Gusev.


A Groom from the Other World

A Groom from the Other World () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Rostislav Plyatt, Georgi Vitsin, and Vera Altayskaya.


Hard Happiness

Hard Happiness () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Mikhail Kozakov, Valery Ashurov, and Viktor Avdyushko.


The Idiot (1958 movie)

The Idiot () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Yuri Yakovlev, Yuliya Borisova, and Nikita Podgorny. The movie is based on Part 1 of the eponymous 1869 novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky.


Ivan Brovkin on the State Farm

Ivan Brovkin on the State Farm () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Sergei Blinnikov, and Tatyana Pelttser.

The Last Inch

The Last Inch () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin and Teodor Vulfovich. It stars Vladislav Muratov, Nikolai Kryukov, and Mikhail Gluzskiy.


Life in Your Hands

Life in Your Hands () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Rozantsev. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Iosif Kutyansky, and Viktor Chekmaryov.

The Magpie (movie)

The Magpie () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Naum Trakhtenberg. It stars Zinaida Kirienko, Nikolai Afanasyev, and Vladimir Pokrovskiy.


Mister Iks

Mister Iks () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuli Khmelnitsky. It stars Georg Ots, Marina Yurasova, and Glikeriya Bogdanova-Chesnokova.


My Beloved (movie)

My Beloved () is a 1958 Soviet movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Aleksey Batalov, Inna Makarova, and Pyotr Konstantinov.

October Days (movie)

October Days () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Vasilyev. It stars Vladimir Chestnokov, V. Brener, and Leonid Lyubashevsky.


Over Tissa

Over Tissa () is a 1958 Soviet thriller movie directed by Dmitri Vasilyev. It stars Valentin Zubkov, Athanasius Kochetkov, and Tatyana Konyukhova.


Poem of the Sea

Poem of the Sea () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuliya Solntseva. It stars Boris Livanov, Boris Andreyev, and Mikhail Tsaryov.


Two Fyodors

Two Fyodors () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Marlen Khutsiev. It stars Vasily Shukshin, Nikolai Chursin, and Tamara Syomina.


The Variegateds Case

The Variegateds Case () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Dostal. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Vladimir Kenigson, and Aleksandra Kazakova.

Time of Taiga Snowdrop

Time of Taiga Snowdrop () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yaropolk Lapshin. It stars Valentina Dagbayeva, Buda Vampilov, and Mariya Stepanova.


Volunteers (1958 movie)

Volunteers () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Egorov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Pyotr Shcherbakov, and Leonid Bykov.


Aetosaur

Aetosaurs were heavily armoured reptiles in the extinct order Aetosauria. They were medium- to large-sized pseudosuchians. They were omnivorous or herbivorous

The aetosaurs were archosaurs more closely related to crocodilians than to dinosaurs. All known aetosaurs lived in the Upper Triassic. In some strata they are quite common. 

They had small heads, upturned snouts, erect limbs, and a body ornamented with four rows of plate-like osteoderms (bony scutes). Aetosaur fossil remains are found in Europe, North and South America, parts of Africa, and India. 

Since their armoured plates are often preserved and are common in certain places, aetosaurs serve as important Upper Triassic tetrapod index fossils. Many aetosaurs had wide geographic ranges, but they did not survive long. Their stratigraphic ranges were short. Therefore, the presence of particular aetosaurs accurately dates the site where they are found.

Over 20 genera of aetosaurs have been described. Two distinct subdivisions of aetosaurs are currently recognized, Desmatosuchia and Aetosaurinae, based primarily on broad differences in skull morphology. Osteoderms structure is generally one of the most useful traits for classification. Among other archosaurs, aetosaurs are most closely related to "Revueltosaurus", a small reptile whose teeth were once mistaken for those of a herbivorous dinosaur.

The Adventures of Buratino (1959 movie)

The Adventures of Buratino () is a 1959 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Dmitriy Babichenko.

Annushka (movie)

Annushka () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Irina Skobtseva, Anastasiya Georgievskaya, and Boris Babochkin.


Ballad of a Soldier

Ballad of a Soldier () is a 1959 Soviet war drama movie directed by Grigory Chukhray. It stars Vladimir Ivashov, Zhanna Prokhorenko, and Antonina Maksimova.


‏‎
The Sky Beckons

The Sky Beckons () is a 1959 Soviet science-fiction movie directed by Mikhail Karyukov and Aleksandr Kozyr. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Alexander Shvoryn, and Constantine Bartashevich.


Cruelty (movie)

Cruelty () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Skuybin. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Apollon Yachnitsky, and Boris Andreyev.


Eugene Onegin (1959 movie)

Eugene Onegin () is a 1959 Soviet movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov. It stars Vadim Medvedev, Igor Ozerov, and Ariadna Shengelaya.


Achères, Cher

Achères is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 380 as of 2019.

Ainay-le-Vieil

Ainay-le-Vieil is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 191 as of January 2019.

Les Aix-d'Angillon

Les Aix-d’Angillon is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 1,889 as of January 2019.

Allogny

Allogny is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 1,070 as of January 2019.

Allouis

Allouis is a commune in the Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 1,068 as of January 2019.

Female Age-Mates

Female Age-Mates () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars Lyudmila Krylova, Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina, and Margarita Koselyeva.


Foma Gordeyev (movie)

Foma Gordeyev () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Georgi Yepifantsev, and Pavel Tarasov.


Annoix

Annoix () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 237 as of January 2019.

Girl Seeks Father

Girl Seeks Father () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Golub. It stars Anna Kamenkova, Vladimir Guskov, and Nikolai Barmin.


The Golden Eshelon

The Golden Eshelon () is a 1959 Soviet war movie directed by Ilya Gurin. It stars Vasiliy Shukshin, Elena Dobronravova, and Harijs Liepins.


I Was a Satellite of the Sun

I Was a Satellite of the Sun () is a 1959 Soviet science-fiction movie directed by Viktor Morgenstern. It stars P. Makhotin, V. Ymelyanov, and G. Shamshurin. The story is told as an autobiography of the astronaut character Andrew, and set in the future, where space flight is common.


Arçay, Cher

Arçay () is a commune in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 500 as of January 2019.

Arcomps

Arcomps is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 283 as of January 2019.

Ardenais

Ardenais () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 199 as of January 2019.

Iriston's Son

Iriston's Son () is a 1959 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Chebotaryov. It stars Vladimir Tkhapsaev, Lia Eliava, and Nina Alisova.


Ivanna (movie)

Ivanna () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Ivchenko. It stars Inna Burduchenko, Anatoly Motornyi, and Dana Kruk.


A Home for Tanya

A Home for Tanya () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Vera Kuznetsova, Lyudmila Marchenko, and Valentin Zubkov.


Letter Never Sent (movie)

Letter Never Sent () is a 1960 Soviet adventure drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Tatiana Samoilova, and Vasily Livanov.


May Stars

May Stars () is a 1959 Soviet-Czechoslovak war movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Aleksandr Khanov, Míša Staninec, and Jana Dítětová.


Argent-sur-Sauldre

Argent-sur-Sauldre (literally "Argent on Sauldre") is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 2,063 as of January 2019.

Argenvières

Argenvières is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 440 as of January 2019.

Arpheuilles, Cher

Arpheuilles is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 304 as of January 2019.

Assigny, Cher

Assigny is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 148 as of January 2019.

Mumu (1959 movie)

Mumu () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoliy Bobrovskiy and Evgeniy Teterin. It stars Afanasi Kochetkov, Nina Grebeshkova, and Yelena Polevitskaya.


The Overcoat (1959 movie)

The Overcoat () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Batalov. It stars Rolan Bykov, Yuri Tolubeyev, and Aleksandra Yozhkina. The movie is based on Nikolai Gogol's story The Overcoat.


People on the Bridge

People on the Bridge () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Vasili Merkuryev, Natalya Medvedeva, and Aleksandra Zavyalova.


Sampo (movie)

Sampo () is a 1959 Soviet Finnish fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko and Risto Orko. It stars Andris Ošiņš, Eve Kivi, and Anna Orochko.


A Snow Fairy Tale

A Snow Fairy Tale () is a 1959 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksei Sakharov and Eldar Shengelaia. It stars Igor Yershov, Alla Kozhokina, and Yevgeny Leonov.


The Unamenables

The Unamenables () is a 1959 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Yuri Belov, and Alexei Kozhevnikov.


There Will Be No Leave Today

There Will Be No Leave Today () is a 1959 Soviet movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and Aleksandr Gordon. It stars Oleg Borisov, Aleksei Alekseyev, and Pyotr Lyubeshkin.


Vasily Surikov (movie)

Vasily Surikov () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoli Rybakov. It stars Yevgeni Lazarev, Larisa Kadochnikova, and Leonid Gallis.


Virgin Soil Upturned (1959 movie)

Virgin Soil Upturned () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Pyotr Chernov, Yevgeny Matveyev, and Fyodor Shmakov.


White Nights (1959 movie)

White Nights () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Lyudmila Marchenko, Oleg Strizhenov, and Anatoli Fedorinov.


The Wind (1959 movie)

The Wind () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Eduard Bredun, Tamara Loginova, and Elza Lezhdey.


Alyosha's Love

Alyosha's Love () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgi Shchukin and Semyon Tumanov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Aleksandra Zavyalova, and Alexey Gribov.


Baltic Skies

Baltic Skies () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Pyotr Glebov, Vsevolod Platov, and Mikhail Ulyanov.


Be Careful, Grandma!

Be Careful, Grandma! () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Faina Ranevskaya, Ariadna Shengelaia, and Lyudmila Markeliya.


Blind Musician

Blind Musician () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Boris Livanov, Vasily Livanov, and Marina Strizhenova.


Cinderella (1960 movie)

Cinderella () is a 1960 Soviet musical movie directed by Rostislav Zakharov and Aleksandr Rou. It stars Raisa Struchkova, Gennadi Ledyakh, and Elena Vanke. The movie is a screen version by Sergei Prokofiev's Cinderella ballet.


Clouds Over Borsk

Clouds Over Borsk () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars Inna Gulaya, Roman Khomyatov, and Vladimir Ivashov.


Dead Souls (1960 movie)

Dead Souls () is a 1960 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Leonid Trauberg. It stars Vladimir Belokurov, Viktor Stanitsyn, and Boris Livanov.


Far from the Motherland

Far from the Motherland () is a 1960 Soviet movie directed by Aleksei Shvachko.

Farewell, Doves

Farewell, Doves () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Segel. It stars Aleksei Loktev, Valentina Telegina, and Sergei Plotnikov.


Five Days, Five Nights (1960 movie)

Five Days, Five Nights () is a 1961 Soviet-German movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Wilhelm Koch-Hooge, Annekathrin Bürger, and Erich Franz.


A Gentle Creature (1960 movie)

A Gentle Creature () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Borisov. It stars Iya Savvina, Andrei Popov, and Vera Kuznetsova.


I Love You, Life!

I Love You, Life! () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Gennadi Vernov, Ariadna Shengelaia, and Irina Bunina.


It Was I Who Drew the Little Man

It Was I Who Drew the Little Man () is a 1960 Soviet animated movie directed by Valentina Brumberg, Zinaida Brumberg and Valentin Lalayants.

Khovanshchina (movie)

Khovanshchina () is a 1960 Soviet movie directed by Vera Stroyeva. It stars Aleksei Krivchenya, Anton Grigoriev, and Yevgeny Kibkalo.


Leontien Ceulemans

Johanna Léontina “Tineke, Leontien” Ceulemans (stage name until ca. 1973 Leontien Lukassen) (8 January 1952 — 28 July 2022) was a Dutch actress and media presenter. She is most known as the first presenter of "NOS Jeugdjournaal" in 1981. Between the 1970s and 1990s she played in main Dutch television series, including "Swiebertje", "Joop ter Heul", "Hongerwinter", "Goede tijden, slechte tijden" and "Het Zonnetje in Huis". Ceulemans also worked as a voice actress. In 1993 she posed nude in the Dutch version of the Playboy magazine.

Gambia national under-17 football team

Gambia national under-17 football team is the U-17 football team of Gambia and have been FIFA U-17 World Cup twice in 2005 where they went on to defeat Brazil and in 2009.

The Lady with the Dog (movie)

The Lady with the Dog () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Iya Savvina, Aleksey Batalov, and Nina Alisova.


The Magic Weaver

The Magic Weaver () is a 1960 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Ninel Myshkova, and Viktor Perevalov.


Michman Panin

Michman Panin () is a 1960 Soviet war movie directed by Mikhail Shveitser. It stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Nikolai Sergeyev, and Nikita Podgorny.


A Noisy Day

A Noisy Day () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Anatoly Efros and Georgy Natanson. It stars Valentina Sperantova, Gennadi Pechnikov, and Tatyana Nadezhdina.


Northern Story

Northern Story () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeni Andrikanis. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Eva Murniece, and Valentin Zubkov.


Probation (1960 movie)

Probation () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov. It stars Oleg Yefremov, Oleg Tabakov, and Vyacheslav Nevinny.


Pine forest stream frog

Schultze's stream frog ("Ptychohyla macrotympanum") is a frog. It lives in Mexico and Guatemala. People have seen this frog between 700 and 1700 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in pine-oak forests with water in the air. It only lives in forests that are on mountains high above sea level. It lives in the Chiapan Highlands in Chiapas. It lives in the Sierra de Cuchumatanes in Guatemala. It lives in the Grijalva Basin, which is in Chiapas and in Guatemala.

Until 1992, scientists thought this frog was the same species as "Ptychohyla euthysanota".

2022 Italian general election

A general election is due to be held in Italy on 25 September 2022. The 2022 Italian government crisis, which lead to the resignation of Prime Minister Mario Draghi, resulted in President Sergio Mattarella dissolving the Italian Parliament on 21 July, eight months before its natural expiration, and call for new elections. Draghi continues to head the government as caretaker prime Minister. The election saw the centre-right coalition, led by Giorgia Meloni's Brothers of Italy, a political party with neo-fascist roots, winning an absolute majority of Parliament seats. Meloni was appointed Prime Minister of Italy on 22 October, becoming the first woman to hold that position.

Russian Souvenir

Russian Souvenir () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Andrei Popov, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


A Simple Story (1960 movie)

A Simple Story () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Yegorov. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Mikhail Ulyanov, and Vasily Shukshin.


Sleepless Night (1960 movie)

Sleepless Night () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Yury Solomin, Evgeniy Samoylov, and Lyudmila Chernyshyova.


Splendid Days

Splendid Days () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and Igor Talankin. It stars Boris Barkhatov, Sergei Bondarchuk, and Irina Skobtseva.


Resurrection (1960 movie)

Resurrection () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Shveitser. It stars Tamara Syomina, Yevgeny Matveyev, and Pavel Massalsky.


Thrice Resurrected

Thrice Resurrected () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Alla Larionova, Georgi Kulikov, and Natalya Medvedeva.


Until Next Spring

Until Next Spring () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Sokolov. It stars Lyudmila Marchenko, Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy, and Galina Vasilyeva.


Love Da Beat Radio

Love Da Beat Radio is an internet radio station broadcasting from South London, UK. It was formed in March 2017 as "Love The Beat Radio" and changed it's name in October 2020. They provide a wide range of content with presenters bringing sports shows, comedy shows, and shows playing rock, EDM, 90s and more.

Absolutely Seriously

Absolutely Seriously () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie.

Adventures of Krosh

Adventures of Krosh () is a 1961 Soviet adventure movie directed by Genrikh Oganisyan. It stars Nikolai Tomashevsky, Andrei Yurenyov, and Nikita Mikhalkov.


Alyonka

Alyonka () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Natalya Ovodova, Irina Zarubina, and Vasiliy Shukshin.


Barrier of the Unknown

Barrier of the Unknown () is a 1961 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin. It stars Vyacheslav Shalevich, Ella Sumskaya, and Nikolai Gritsenko.


Bootleggers (1961 movie)

Bootleggers () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Georgy Vitsin, and Yevgeny Morgunov.


But What If This Is Love

But What If This Is Love () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Zhanna Prokhorenko, Igor Pushkaryov, and Alexandra Nazarova.


Chronicle of Flaming Years

Chronicle of Flaming Years () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuliya Solntseva. It stars Boris Andreyev, Antonina Bogdanova, and Zinaida Kiriyenko.

Clear Skies (movie)

Clear Skies () is a 1961 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It stars Yevgeni Urbansky, Nina Drobysheva, and Natalya Kuzmina.


‏‎
The Cossacks (1961 movie)

The Cossacks () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Pronin. It stars Leonid Gubanov, Boris Andreyev, and Zinaida Kiriyenko.


Dima Gorin's Career

Dima Gorin's Career () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Frunze Dovlatyan and Lev Mirsky. It stars Aleksandr Demyanenko, Tatyana Konyukhova, and Vladimir Seleznyov.


Dog Barbos and Unusual Cross

Dog Barbos and Unusual Cross () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Georgy Vitsin, and Yevgeny Morgunov.


The Girls (1961 movie)

The Girls () is a 1961 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Nikolai Rybnikov, and Lyusyena Ovchinnikova.


The Horizon (1961 movie)

The Horizon () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Yuri Tolubeyev, Boris Chirkov, and Aleksandr Safonov.


Judgment of the Mad

Judgment of the Mad () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Vasily Livanov, Irina Skobtseva, and Viktor Khokhryakov.


The Key (1961 movie)

The Key () is a 1961 Soviet animated movie directed by Lev Atamanov.

The Man from Nowhere (1961 movie)

The Man from Nowhere () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Sergey Yursky, Yury Yakovlev, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Forza Italia (2013)

Forza Italia (transl. "Forward Italy", "Come on Italy" or "Let's go Italy"; FI) is a centre-right political party in Italy. 

Their ideas include elements of liberal conservatism, Christian democracy and liberalism. FI is a member of the European People's Party. 
Silvio Berlusconi (former Prime Minister of Italy, 1994–1995, 2001–2006, and 2008–2011) is the party's leader and president. Antonio Tajani (former President of the European Parliament, 2017–2019) works as vice president and national coordinator. Other leading members include Elisabetta Casellati (President of the Senate since 2018), as well as ministers Renato Brunetta, Mara Carfagna and Mariastella Gelmini (representing FI in Mario Draghi's government since 2021).

Mission (movie)

Mission () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Yegorov. It stars Oleg Efremov, Dodo Abashidze, and Svetlana Karpinskaya.

My Friend, Kolka!

My Friend, Kolka! () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksei Saltykov and Aleksander Mitta. It stars Aleksandr Kobozev, Anna Rodionova, and Alexey Borzunov.


The Night Before Christmas (1961 movie)

The Night Before Christmas () is a 1961 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Aleksandr Khvylya, Lyudmyla Myznikova, and Yuri Tavrov.


Peace to Him Who Enters

Peace to Him Who Enters () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Viktor Avdyushko, Aleksandr Demyanenko, and Stanislav Khitrov.


Planeta Bur

Planeta Bur () is a 1961 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Pavel Klushantsev. It stars Vladimir Yemelyanov, Georgiy Zhzhonov, and Gennadi Vernov.


Scarlet Sails (movie)

Scarlet Sails () is a 1961 Soviet fantasy drama movie directed by Alexandr Ptushko. It stars Anastasiya Vertinskaya, Vasily Lanovoy, and Yelena "Lena" Cheremshanova.


The Steamroller and the Violin

The Steamroller and the Violin () is a 1961 Soviet movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky.

Striped Trip

Striped Trip () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Fetin. It stars Alexey Gribov, , and Margarita Nazarova.


When the Trees Were Tall

When the Trees Were Tall () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Inna Gulaya, Yuri Nikulin, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


Mechanic Falls, Maine

Mechanic Falls is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Minot, Maine

Minot is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Poland, Maine

Poland is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Sabattus, Maine

Sabattus is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Turner, Maine

Turner is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Wales, Maine

Wales is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Allagash, Maine

Allagash is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Amity, Maine

Amity is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Ashland, Maine

Ashland is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Blaine, Maine

Blaine is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Hinesburg, Vermont

Hinesburg is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Huntington, Vermont

Huntington is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Jericho, Vermont

Jericho is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Milton, Vermont

Milton is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Wind of Freedom

Wind of Freedom () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Trauberg and Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Lionella Pyryeva, Nadezhda Rumyantseva, and Aleksandr Lazarev.


Richmond, Vermont

Richmond is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Yevdokiya

Yevdokiya () is a 1961 Soviet romantic drama movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Lyudmila Khityaeva, Nikolai Lebedev, and Alevtina Rumyantseva.


713 Requests Permission to Land

713 Requests Permission to Land () is a 1962 Soviet movie directed by Grigory Nikulin. It stars Vladimir Chestnokov, Otar Koberidze, and Lev Krugly.


St. George, Vermont

St. George is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Underhill, Vermont

Underhill is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Westford, Vermont

Westford is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Bloomfield, Vermont

Bloomfield is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

After the Wedding (1962 movie)

After the Wedding () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Stanislav Khitrov, Natalya Kustinskaya, and Aleftina Konstantinova.


At Your Threshold

At Your Threshold () is a 1962 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars , , and Liliya Dzyuba.


A Trip Without a Load

A Trip Without a Load () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Aleksandr Demyanenko, and Tamara Syomina.


Amphibian Man (movie)

Amphibian Man () is a 1962 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Vladimir Chebotaryov and Gennadi Kazansky. It stars Vladimir Korenev, Anastasiya Vertinskaya, and Mikhail Kozakov.


Black Gull

Black Gull () is a 1962 Soviet adventure movie directed by Grigoriy Koltunov. It stars Anatoliy Adoskin, Saida Dadasheva, and Igor Dmitriev.


Cherry Town

Cherry Town () is a 1962 Soviet musical comedy movie directed by Herbert Rappaport. It stars Olga Zabotkina, Vladimir Vasilyev, and Marina Khotuntseva.


Ratneshwar Lal Kayastha

Ratneshwar Lal Kayastha (born 3 May 1944) is a Nepalese politician and former Governor of Madhesh Province. He was appointed as a governor of Province No. 2 by the Government of Nepal on 17 January 2018. He served as a Governor of Madhesh Province from 19 January 2018 to 03 November 2019.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – discus throw

The discus throw at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Polish Jadwiga Wajs won the event in a new world record with a distance of 43.795 metres, ahead of the German women Gisela Mauermayer and Käthe Krauß. She beated her own world record of 43.08 metres.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the discus throw event.

Eileen Crockart was named as the South African athlete in the field events.

The qualification took place on 9 August. The best 6 athletes continued to the final.
Sources:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Sources:

Hari Shankar Mishra

Hari Shankar Mishra is a current Governor of Madhesh Province. He was Appointed Governor, as per the Article 163 (2) of the Constitution of Nepal by the President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 17 August 2021. He is a former member of House of representatives.

Indo-Caribbean Americans

Indo-Caribbean Americans are Americans who trace their ancestry ultimately to India, though whose recent ancestors lived in the Caribbean, where they migrated beginning in 1838 as indentured laborers.

Heidelberg University

Heidelberg University is a public research university in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 

It was founded in 1386 on the instructions of Pope Urban VI. Heidelberg is Germany's oldest university, and is one of the world's oldest surviving universities. It was the third university established in the Holy Roman Empire. Prague (1348) and Vienna (1365) were at that time also German-speaking universities. The University of Vienna still is. Irrespective of the shared language of instruction, Heidelberg is the oldest university in modern Germany.

At the beginning, there were only the four traditional faculties. In 1890, the natural science got their own faculty. Later after a re-organisation, the university has 12 faculties.

The University of Heidelberg is also known as Ruprecht Karl University of Heidelberg, after the German prince Rupert I.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 4 × 100 metres relay

The 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Zdena Koubková won the event in a new world record of 2 minutes and 12.8 seconds, ahead of Swedish Märtha Wretman and British Gladys Lunn.

Next to the teams listed, an American team was in London for the 100 metres event and 4x 100 metres event consisting of sprinters Radman, Webb, Whorley and William.

The best Dutch sprinter, Tollien Schuurman injured herself after winning her semi-final 60 metres event earlier the day. She was replaced and the Dutch team consisted of the athletes: Cor Aalten, Jo Dalmolen, Agaath Doorgeest and Iet Martin.

The semi-finals took place on 9 August.

The first semi-final was won by the German women. Canada, who had the second time, was disqualified due to a wrongfully exchange.

Sources:

The names in "italic" are highly likely the runners of these nations, as these sprinters are the nations' main 100 metres athletes at the Games.

The final took place on 12 August 1934.

During the final the British team was leading the race. However the third runner fell down, and so Germany won the race 5 metres ahead of the Netherlands and Austria.

Sources:

The names in "italic" are highly likely the runners of these nations, as these sprinters are the nations' main Athletes in the 100 metres event at the Games.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – high jump

The high jump at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, at the first day of the Games on 9 August 1934.

In the final, the German Selma Grieme won the event with a distance of 1.55 metres, ahead of the British woman Mary Milne and the Canadian Margaret Bell.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the high jump event.

The qualification took place in the morning on 9 August 1934.

All finalists were able to jump 1.47 metres in the qualification.
Sources:

The final took place in the afternoon on 9 August 1934.
Sources:

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – shot put

The shot put at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, at the first day of the Games on 9 August 1934.

In the final, the German Gisela Mauermayer won the event with a distance of 13.67 metres, ahead of the German Tilly Fleischer and the Czechoslovak Štepánka Pekárová.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the shot put event.

It was also mentioned at a certain point that the Dutchwoman De Kock would participate, but she didn't compete in the shot put event.

The final took place in the afternoon on 9 August 1934.

Štepánka Pekárová was the only women who improved her performance in the final compared to the qualification.
Sources:


Governor of Madhesh Province

The Governor of Madhesh Province is appointed by the President of Nepal and recommended by Federal cabinet for a term of five years, and holds office at the President's pleasure. The role of governor is largely ceremonial as the functioning of the goverment is managed entirely by the chief minister and minister. The governor appoint minister and chief minister based on the Article and Clues of Constitution.

 of the Constitution of Nepal states that:


Renaissance (Beyoncé album)

Renaissance (styled in all caps) is the seventh studio album by American pop singer Beyoncé, released on July 29, 2022 by Columbia and Parkwood Entertainment. It is Knowles' first solo studio album since "Lemonade" (2016). The album features sixteen tracks. The lead single, "Break My Soul", was surprise-released on June 20, 2022, and has reached the top ten in several countries worldwide.

For the chart dated August 13, 2022, the album entered the US "Billboard" 200 album chart at number one, with first-week sales of 332,000 copies in the US. It was the first number-one album by a woman of 2022 there. It also entered at number one in the UK.



Aubigny-sur-Nère

Aubigny-sur-Nère is a town and commune in the Cher department in the administrative region of Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 5,502 as of January 2019.

Aubinges

Aubinges is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 400 as of January 2019.

Augy-sur-Aubois

Augy-sur-Aubois is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 288 as of January 2019.

Azy, Cher

Azy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 445 as of January 2019.

Rafael Raap

Rafael Raap (born 18 March 1999) is a Dutch athlete competing in the decathlon. He is a member of PAC in Rotterdam and the Dutch national team.

At the age of 7 years old, Raap was advized by a teach of his school to start with athletics. During his youth years he won many competitions. When he was twelve years old he atletics club PAC in Rotterdam. At the age of fifteen he jumped 2.05 metres in the long jump that was a national record for his age-category (C-juniors). When he was 16 years old he started living and training at Papendal, the national sports centre in the Netherlands. He was selected to participate at the 2017 European Athletics U20 Championships and he aimed to win a medal. However, he had three invalid throws in the discus throw and did not reach the starting height in the high jump. He realized his medal chances were lost, but changed his mindset positively and set two new personal records in the later events. In a later athletics competition he had kind of a burn out. During the hurdles event he jumped below the hurdle and injured himself. He had torn and strained muscles and had to revalidate for several months. After two years of struggling with his shoulder, he was back on track in 2019. In that year he competed at the 2019 European Athletics U23 Championships in the decathlon event where he finished in sixth place. As he became a senior athlete, he travalled with the national team to Florida the United States. He suffered an unexplained foot injury and returned home earlier. He got good upport from among others Dafne Schippers. After revalidation when he was due to have surgery, the injury was suddenly gone. At the 2020 Dutch Atletics Championships he won the silver medal behind Pieter Braun. He was invited for the prestigious decathlong meeting Hypo-Meeting in Götzis, Austria. Where was well on his way of scoring over 8000 point, but unfortuanally suffered a tear in his achilles during pole vault. Now, Rafael is a student-athlete for the University of Oregon.

Ahead of the 2020 Summer Olympics he was followed by a project of the Dutch national television broadcaster VPRO, who followed talents ahead of the Olympics.

Raap was born in the Netherlands in Arnhem. His mother Tanja met his father Tino (Guinea-Bissau) in Guinea-Bissau.

Bannay, Cher

Bannay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 858 as of January 2019.

Bannegon

Bannegon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 273 as of January 2019.

Barlieu

Barlieu is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 345 as of January 2019.

Baugy, Cher

Baugy () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of central France. The former communes Laverdines and Saligny-le-Vif were merged into Baugy on 1 January 2019. It has a population of around 1,665 as of January 2019.

Beddes

Beddes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 99 as of January 2019.

Beffes

Beffes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 617 as of January 2019.

Belleville-sur-Loire

Belleville-sur-Loire (literally "Belleville on Loire") is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,010 people lived there in January 2019.

Chaco Culture National Historical Park

Chaco Culture National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park. It is in New Mexico. This was a cultural center for the Ancestral Puebloan people. The site was active between 850 and 1250 CE. It is an important cultural site from a Pre-Columbian society. The sites were important for ceremonies. At the time, the sites included some of the largest buildings in America. Many of the buildings are connected to astronomy. Puebloan people most likely left the sites because of climate change. Today the Pueblo and Hopi people consider the site sacred. The park is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Come and See

Come and See (, "Idi i smotri"; , "Idzi i hliadzi") is a 1985 Russian Belarusian World War II drama movie directed by Elem Klimov and starring Aleksei Kravchenko, Liubomiras Laucevičius, Olga Mironova, Vladas Bagdonas.


Fugees

The Fugees is an American hip hop group made of whoppers 

The group became famous for their second album, "The Score" (1996), one of the best-selling albums of all time. The group is often cited as being one of the most important alternative hip hop groups of the 1990s.

The Fugees broke up in 1997 and reunited in 2004 and 2021.



Colleagues (movie)

Colleagues () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Vasily Livanov, Vasily Lanovoy, and Oleg Anofriyev.


Flower on the Stone

Flower on the Stone () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoly Slesarenko and Sergei Parajanov. It stars Grigory Karpov, Lyudmila Cherepanova, and Inna Burduchenko.


Funny Stories

Funny Stories () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Venyamin Dorman. It stars Mikhail Kislyarov, Aleksandr Kekish, and Nadezhda Fomintsina.


Hello, Children!

Hello, Children! () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Aleksei Zharkov, Pavel Chukhray, and Eduard Izotov.

Hussar Ballad

Hussar Ballad () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Larisa Golubkina, Yury Yakovlev, and Igor Ilyinsky. The movie is based on the play A Long Time Ago by Alexander Gladkov.


Men and Beasts

Men and Beasts () is a 1962 Soviet-German drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Nikolai Yeremenko Sr., Tamara Makarova, and Zhanna Bolotova.


Bengy-sur-Craon

Bengy-sur-Craon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 657 people lived there in January 2019.

Lalbabu Raut

Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi is the first Chief Minister of Madhesh Province, one of the seven federal Provinces of Nepal. He is the parliamentary party leader of People's Socialist Party, Nepal for Madhesh Province. Recently, he lost his home town, Jagarnathpur to Shreekant Prasad Yadav of Nepali Congress while his wife lost as deputy chairperson candidate.

Nevermore (1962 movie)

Nevermore () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Dyachenko and Pyotr Todorovsky. It stars Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, Pyotr Gorin, and Ninel Myshkova.


Nine Days in One Year

Nine Days in One Year () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Aleksey Batalov, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, and Tatyana Lavrova.


No Fear, No Blame

No Fear, No Blame () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Mitta. It stars Alla Vitruk, Viktor Glazkov, and Nikolay Burlyaev.

Berry-Bouy

Berry-Bouy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,183 people lived there in January 2019.

The Road to Berth

The Road to Berth () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Boris Andreyev, Oleg Zhakov, and Lyubov Sokolova.


Seven Nannies

Seven Nannies () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Semyon Morozov, Valentin Burov, and Vladimir Ivashov.


Seven Winds

Seven Winds () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Larisa Luzhina, Sofiya Pilyavskaya, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Shore Leave (1962 movie)

Shore Leave () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Feliks Mironer. It stars Ariadna Shengelaya, Lev Prygunov, and Vasili Makarov.


Strictly Business (1962 movie)

Strictly Business () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Vladlen Paulus, Aleksandr Shvorin, and Viktor Gromov.


The Third Half (1962 movie)

The Third Half () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Vyacheslav Nevinny, and Gleb Strizhenov.


Bessais-le-Fromental

Bessais-le-Fromental is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 301 people lived there in January 2019.

The Wild Dog Dingo

The Wild Dog Dingo () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Karasik. It stars Galina Polskikh, Vladimir Osobik, and Talas Umurzakov.


Tilak Pariyar

Tilak Pariyar (Nepali: तिलक परियार) is a Nepalese politician currently serving as the Governor of Karnali Province. He was appointed Governor, as per the Article 163 (2) of the Constitution of Nepal by the President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 9 November 2021. He previously served as the 2nd Governor of Province No. 2 of Nepal. He is former member of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly from Banke-1 constituency.

The Wild Swans (movie)

The Wild Swans () is a 1962 Soviet animated movie directed by Mikhail Tsekhanovsky and Vera Tsekhanovskaya.

Blancafort, Cher

Blancafort is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,018 people lived there in January 2019.

Three Plus Two

Three Plus Two () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Genrikh Oganisyan. It stars Natalya Kustinskaya, Natalya Fateyeva, and Andrei Mironov.


Blet

Blet is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 568 people lived there in January 2019.

Boulleret

Boulleret is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,396 people lived there in January 2019.

Bouzais

Bouzais is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 309 people lived there in January 2019.

All Remains to People

All Remains to People () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Nikolai Cherkasov, Andrei Popov, and Elina Bystritskaya.


Blood Ties (1963 movie)

Blood Ties () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Yevgeny Matveev, Vija Artmane, and Tanya Doronina.


The Blue Notebook

The Blue Notebook () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Mark Nikelberg, and Nikolay Lebedev.


Come Tomorrow, Please...

Come Tomorrow, Please... () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Ekaterina Savinova, Anatoli Papanov, and Yuri Gorobets.


The First Trolleybus

The First Trolleybus () is a 1963 Soviet movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Irina Gubanova, Lev Sverdlin, and Nina Sazonova.


Introduction to Life

Introduction to Life () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin. It stars Boris Tokarev, Nina Urgant, and Yuri Volkov.


Walking the Streets of Moscow

Walking the Streets of Moscow () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Aleksei Loktev, Nikita Mikhalkov, and Galina Polskikh.


It Happened at the Police Station (1963 movie)

It Happened at the Police Station () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Vsevolod Sanaev, Mark Bernes, and Vyacheslav Nevinnyy.

Cain XVIII

Cain XVIII () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Mikhail Shapiro. It stars Erast Garin, Lidiya Sukharevskaya, and Mikhail Zharov.


An Optimistic Tragedy (movie)

An Optimistic Tragedy () is a 1963 Soviet war drama movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Margarita Volodina, Boris Andreyev, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Meet Baluyev!

Meet Baluyev! () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Victor Komissarjevski. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Nina Urgant, and Stanislav Sokolov. The movie is based on a 1960 novel by Vadim Kozhevnikov.

Syrian National Army

The Syrian National Army, also known as The Turkish-Backed FSA, is a Syrian Opposition faction formed in 2017. The Syrian National Army has fought against the Syrian Arab Army, National Defense Forces, Russia, Armenia, YPG, Syrian Democratic Forces, Liwa Al-Quds, And other Pro-Assad Groups. The Syrian National Army is funded by the Turkish Armed Forces. the Turkish Armed Forces give weapons, training and other forms of support to the SNA.

The Syrian National Army used to be the Free Syrian Army, a loose faction made of defectors from the Syrian Arab Army after 2011 crackdowns. The FSA still exists, but a lot of members has moved to the newer, Turkish-backed Syrian opposition group.
The Free Syrian Army is a loose faction formed in 2011, made of mostly defectors from the Syrian Arab Armed Forces. The group was officially formed on the 29th of July, 2011. It was formed by seven Syrian military officers. The FSA has condemned Al-Assad's 2011 protest crackdown. 

First Legion





Second Legion







Third Legion



Citation for all the above.

The Serf Actress

The Serf Actress () is a 1963 Soviet movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov. It stars Tamara Syomina, Yevgeny Leonov, and Dmitri Smirnov.


Republican Guard (Syria)

The Syrian Republican Guard, also known as the Presidential guard is a Mechanized Corps of about 25,000-60,000 men. The Republican Guard is tasked with protecting the radio, and defend the capital Damascus, and defending Syrian Officials. 
The guard was formed in 1976 after Palestinian militants attacked top Syrian officials, Major General Adan Makhoulf led the guard until 1997. 
The guard has multiple divisions, these include:

Silence (1963 movie)

Silence () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Vitali Konyayev, Georgy Martyniuk, and Larisa Luzhina.


The Slowest Train

The Slowest Train () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Krasnopolskiy and Valeriy Uskov. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Nonna Terentyeva, and Zinaida Kirienko.


Summer Is Over (movie)

Summer Is Over () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nikita Orlov and Rolan Bykov. It stars Vladimir Yevstafyev, Sergei Gudko, and Zoya Fyodorova.


They Conquer the Skies

They Conquer the Skies () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Nikolay Rybnikov, Vladimir Sedov, and Svetlana Svetlichnaya.


Whistle Stop (1963 movie)

Whistle Stop () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Vasiliy Merkurev, Yekaterina Mazurova, and Nadezhda Rumyantseva.


The Alive and the Dead

The Alive and the Dead () is a 1964 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Kirill Lavrov, Viktor Avdyushko, and Anatoli Papanov.


Attack and Retreat

Attack and Retreat () is a 1964 Soviet-Italian war drama movie directed by Giuseppe De Santis and Dmitri Vasilyev. It stars Arthur Kennedy, Peter Falk, and Zhanna Prokhorenko.


Balzaminov's Marriage

Balzaminov's Marriage () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Voynov. It stars Georgy Vitsin, Lyudmila Shagalova, and Lidiya Smirnova. The movie is based on three plays by Alexander Ostrovsky: "Celebratory Daydream is Only Before Dinner", "Two Dogs Fight, the Third Keep Away" and "Whatever You Look for, You'll Find".


The Big Ore

The Big Ore () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Ordynsky. It stars Yevgeni Urbansky, Mikhail Gluzsky, and Larisa Luzhina.


The Blizzard (1964 movie)

The Blizzard () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Valentina Titova, Oleg Vidov, and Georgy Martyniuk. The movie is based on the 1831 story "The Blizzard" from The Tales of the Late Ivan Petrovich Belkin by Alexander Pushkin.


The Chairman (1964 movie)

The Chairman () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksei Saltykov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Ivan Lapikov, and Nonna Mordyukova.


Michael Feichtenbeiner

Michael Feichtenbeiner (born 9 July 1960) is a German football coach. He is coach of Malaysia Super League club Selangor.

He played for the amateur teams of TV Gültstein, SV Vaihingen and FV Germania Degerloch. He started coaching with VfB Stuttgart as youth coach. Then he became head coach of BSC Old Boys Basel from Switzerland and assistant coach at Stuttgarter Kickers Then he was head coach of TSF Ditzingen. From 1993 to 1997 he brought the club from Oberliga Baden-Württemberg to Regionalliga Süd. In 1997 Feichtenbeiner became the assistant coach for KFC Uerdingen 05 and 1998 head coach of SC Pfullendorf.

In the summer of 1999 Feichtenbeiner became head coach of Stuttgarter Kickers in the 2. Bundesliga. In the 199-2000 deason the club defeating three Bundesliga clubs (Borussia Dortmund, Arminia Bielefeld and SC Freiburg). In the semi-finals they lost versus Werder Bremen after extra time. But Feichtenbeiner was fired in March 2000 because the results in the league were poor.

The following years he coached several Regionalliga Süd teams (SV Darmstadt 98, Rot-Weiß Erfurt, Sportfreunde Siegen). In 2005 he became headcoach of MPPJ FC in the Malaysia Premier League. After being fired by MPPJ FC in early August 2006 he was again head coach of SC Pfullendorf.

2009-10 he was sporting director at Energie Cottbus in 2009-2010 and from 2010-2011 head coach of Bintang Medan FC in Indonesia in 2010-2011. 2012 he went to Wehen Wiesbaden as sporting director. till the end of 2014-15 season.

2016 he was head coach of the German under-15 national football team. With this he was then coach of the Under-16 and then the Under-17 team.

In 2019 he became assistance coach for FC Liefering in Austrias 2nd league. After Gerhard Struber left the club he became caretaker coach. 

In December 2019 he became Technical Director and coach of the reserve team of Selangor F.C. in Malaysia. Since 20 November 2021he is head coach of the team.

Come Here, Mukhtar!

Come Here, Mukhtar! () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Tumanov. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Vladimir Yemelyanov, and Leonid Kmit.


Comrade Arseny

Comrade Arseny () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Roman Khomyatov, Natalya Klimova, and Vladimir Solovyov.


Don Tale

Don Tale () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Fetin. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Lyudmila Chursina, and Aleksandr Blinov.


An Easy Life

An Easy Life () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Veniamin Dorman. It stars Yury Yakovlev, Faina Ranevskaya, and Vera Maretskaya.


The Enchanted Desna

The Enchanted Desna () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Yuliya Solntseva. It stars Boris Andreyev, Yevgeni Bondarenko, and Vladimir Goncharov.

Father of a Soldier

Father of a Soldier () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Rezo Chkheidze. It stars Sergo Zaqariadze, Vladimir Privaltsev, and Aleksandr Nazarov.


Janneke Berghuis

Janneke Berghuis (born 20 October 2001) is a Dutch freestyle mogul skier. She represents the Netherlands and competes at the FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup.

When Berghuis was 1.5 years old she was skiing for the first time. She became at a young age member of the skiing club in Valkenswaard, and started competing from the age of seven at small kids-cup competitions in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. At the age of 14 she decided to become a full time skier. She travelled with her mother and younger sister Laura accross Europe to fulfill a full Europe Tour. In 2019 she had her first podium finsih in the Europe Cup in Bygdsiljum, Sweden. In the 2019-20 season she had her first Europe Cup victory in Are, Sweden and finished second overall. Due to that result she started competing in the FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup from the 2020–21 World Cup season. She is specialized in the jumps, known by her high and powerfull jumps. Her main jump is at the second jump the "superman frontflip".

Brécy, Cher

Brécy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,043 people lived there in January 2019.

Footprint in the Ocean

Footprint in the Ocean () is a 1964 Soviet adventure movie directed by Oleg Nikolayevsky. It stars Ada Sheremetyeva, Yuri Dedovich, and Yevgeny Vesnik.

The Garnet Bracelet (movie)

The Garnet Bracelet () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Ariadna Shengelaia, Igor Ozerov, and Oleg Basilashvili.


Goodbye, Boys

Goodbye, Boys () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalik. It stars Natalya Bogunova, Yevgeny Steblov, and Anna Rodionova.


Brinay, Cher

Brinay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. Around 523 people lived there in January 2019.

The Green Flame

The Green Flame () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Aleksei Kuznetsov, Svetlana Savyolova, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Hamlet (1964 movie)

Hamlet () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Mikhail Nazvanov, and Elza Radziņa.


Brinon-sur-Sauldre

Brinon-sur-Sauldre (literally "Brinon on Sauldre") is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 974 people lived there in January 2019.

Bruère-Allichamps

Bruère-Allichamps is a commune in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 567 people lived there in January 2019.

Bué

Bué is a commune in the Cher department, located in the Centre-Val de Loire region, France. About 318 people lived there in January 2019.

Bussy, Cher

Bussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 362 people lived there in January 2019.

La Celette

La Celette is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 192 people lived there in January 2019.

La Celle, Cher

La Celle is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 353 people lived there in January 2019.

La Celle-Condé

La Celle-Condé is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 195 people lived there in January 2019.

Cerbois

Cerbois is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 416 people lived there in January 2019.

Chalivoy-Milon

Chalivoy-Milon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 418 people lived there in January 2019.

Chambon, Cher

Chambon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 169 people lived there in January 2019.

La Chapelle-d'Angillon

La Chapelle-d'Angillon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 613 people lived there in January 2019.

Terrance Pieters

Terrance Pieters (born 14 December 1996) is a Dutch field hockey player who currently plays as a forward for Kampong and the Netherland national team.

The Dutch Pieters is born on 14 December 1996 in the Netherlands. He has Surinamese roots and his grandparents still live in Suriname. Pieter moved to Almere when he was two years old. Pieters dreamed of an international football career, but started playing field hockey after his sister started playing field hockey. At high school his results were influences by his field hockey career, as exams were during a training of the national under-18 team. After graduating from high school he started studing Commercial Economics at the Johan Cruyff Academy. He stopped with his studies after he became a member of the Netherland national team. He made his debut with the national team on 25 January 2017.

During his young career, he had experienced several times racism. During the Black Lives Matter discussions, he began to speak out against racism, and gave among others an interview about this with the Dutch national news paper de Volkskrant.

In 2019 he had a hamstring injury. He was one of the players of the national team that was not selected for the 2020 Summer Olympics.

His girlfriend is field hockey player Xan de Waard.

Jack Frost (1964 movie)

Jack Frost () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou. It stars Alexander Khvylya, Natalya Sedykh, and Eduard Izotov.


Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors

Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Olga Yukina, Tatyana Yukina, and Tatyana Barysheva.


Left-Hander (1964 movie)

Left-Hander () is a 1964 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano.

The Light of a Distant Star

The Light of a Distant Star () is a 1964 Soviet romance movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Lionella Pyryeva, Nikolai Alekseyev, and Aleksey Batalov.


Little Hare

Little Hare () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Bykov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Olga Krasina, and Igor Gorbachyov.


An Ordinary Miracle (1964 movie)

An Ordinary Miracle () is a 1964 Soviet movie directed by Erast Garin and Khesya Lokshina. It stars Aleksey Konsovsky, Nina Zorskaya, Oleg Vidov. The movie is based on a play by Yevgeni Shvarts.


A Span of Earth

A Span of Earth () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Smirnov and Boris Yashin. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Elliya Sukhanova, and Yevgeni Urbansky.


Tale About the Lost Time

Tale About the Lost Time () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Grigory Plotkin, Vera Volkova, and Lydia Konstantinova.


There Is Such a Lad

There Is Such a Lad () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Lidiya Chaschina, and Larisa Burkova.


Two on the Steppes

Two on the Steppes () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoly Efros. It stars Valeri Babyatinsky, Assu Nurekenov, and V. Batalova.


Uninvented Story

Uninvented Story () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov. It stars Zhanna Prokhorenko, Georgi Yepifantsev, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


Welcome, or No Trespassing

Welcome, or No Trespassing () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Elem Klimov. It stars Viktor Kosykh, Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev, and Arina Aleynikova.


The Lark (1965 movie)

The Lark () is a 1965 Soviet war movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin and Leonid Menaker. It stars Gennadi Yukhtin, Valeri Pogoreltsev, and Valentins Skulme.

Adventures of a Dentist

Adventures of a Dentist () is a 1965 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Elem Klimov. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Vera Vasilyeva, and Alisa Freindlich.


Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – pentathlon

The pentathlon at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

It was the first time a pentathlon event was held at the Women's World Games, after the triatlon event in 1930.

The German Gisela Mauermayer won the event in a new pentathlon world record with 377 points ahead of German Grete Busch and Czechoslovak Štepánka Pekárová. Already after the fourth event Mauermayer it became sure she would set a new world record.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the pentathlon event.

Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition.

The 100 metres was the first event

Sources:

The long jump was the 2nd event.

Source: 

The javelin throw was the 3rd event.

Source: 

The shot put was the 4th event.

Source: 

The high jump was the 5th and last event.

Source: 

Sources:


The Bridge Is Built

The Bridge Is Built () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Gavriil Egiazarov and Oleg Efremov. It stars Igor Vasilev, Oleg Tabakov, and Liliya Tolmacheva.


Clean Ponds (movie)

Clean Ponds () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Tamara Syomina, and Svetlana Svetlichnaya.


The Cook (1965 movie)

The Cook () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Svetlana Svetlichnaya, Lyudmila Khityaeva, and Inna Churikova.


The First Teacher

The First Teacher () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It stars Bolot Beyshenaliyev, Natalya Arinbasarova, and Idris Nogajbayev.


Friends and Years

Friends and Years () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Sokolov. It stars Aleksandr Grave, Natalya Velichko, and Yury Yakovlev.


Give Me a Book of Complaints

Give Me a Book of Complaints () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Oleg Borisov, Larisa Golubkina, and Anatoly Kuznetsov.


The Hockey Players (movie)

The Hockey Players () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Rafail Goldin. It stars Vyacheslav Shalevich, Vladimir Ivashov, and Aleksandr Orlov.


The Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin (movie)

The Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin () is a 1965 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Aleksandr Gintsburg. It stars Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev, Vsevolod Safonov, and Mikhail Astangov. The movie is based on Aleksey Tolstoy's novel of the same name.


I Am Twenty

I Am Twenty () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Marlen Khutsiev. It stars Valentin Popov, Nikolay Gubenko, and Stanislav Lyubshin.


Lebedev against Lebedev

Lebedev against Lebedev () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Genrikh Gabay. It stars Aleksey Eybozhenko, Vladimir Retsepter, and Lev Durov.

Luna (1965 movie)

Luna () is a 1965 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Pavel Klushantsev.

A Mother's Heart

A Mother's Heart () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Yelena Fadeyeva, Daniil Sagal, and Nina Menshikova.


Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures

Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Aleksandr Demyanenko, Aleksei Smirnov, and Vladimir Basov.


On the Same Planet

On the Same Planet () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Olshvanger. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Emma Popova, and Yulyen Balmusov.


Our House (1965 movie)

Our House () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Pronin. It stars Anatoliy Papanov, Nina Sazonova, and Ivan Lapikov.


Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors

Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Parajanov. It stars Ivan Mykolaichuk, Larisa Kadochnikova, and Tatyana Bestayeva.


There Was an Old Couple

There Was an Old Couple () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It stars Ivan Marin, Vera Kuznetsova, and Lyudmila Maksakova.


Towering Inferno

Towering Inferno is an English experimental music duo formed in 1985.


They're Calling, Open the Door

They're Calling, Open the Door () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Mitta. It stars Elena Proklova, Rolan Bykov, and Sergey Nikonenko.


Thirty Three (movie)

Thirty Three () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Nonna Mordyukova, and Lyubov Sokolova.


Time, Forward!

Time, Forward! () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Sofiya Milkina and Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Sergei Yursky, Inna Gulaya, and Tamara Syomina.


Triumph Over Violence

Triumph Over Violence () is a 1965 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Romm.

Your Son and Brother

Your Son and Brother () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vsevolod Sanayev, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Anastasia Filippova.


War and Peace (movie series)

War and Peace () is a 1966 Soviet war drama movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk. It stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Ludmila Savelyeva, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Workers' Settlement

Workers' Settlement () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Oleg Borisov, Lyudmila Gurchenko, and Nikolai Simonov.


Kaddish

Kaddish is the only studio album by Towering Inferno. The album was released on November 12, 1993.

Aladdin and His Magic Lamp (1966 movie)

Aladdin and His Magic Lamp () is a 1966 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Boris Rytsarev. It stars Boris Bystrov, Dodo Chogovadze, and Sary Garryýew.


Andrei Rublev (movie)

Andrei Rublev () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky. It stars Anatoly Solonitsyn, Ivan Lapikov, and Nikolai Grinko.


The Deadly Affair

The Deadly Affair is a 1967 British spy movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1961 novel "Call for the Dead" by John le Carré. It stars James Mason, Maximilian Schell, Simone Signoret, Max Adrian, Roy Kinnear, Harry Andrews, Harriet Andersson, Robert Flemyng, Lynn Redgrave, Corin Redgrave, Kenneth Haigh, Roy Kinnear and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Aybolit-66

Aybolit-66 () is a 1967 Soviet family comedy movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Oleg Yefremov, Lidiya Knyazeva, and Yevgeni Vasilyev.


Beware of the Car

Beware of the Car () is a 1966 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Oleg Yefremov, and Lyubov Dobrzhanskaya.


A Boy and a Girl (1966 movie)

A Boy and a Girl () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuliy Fayt. It stars Natalya Bogunova, Nikolay Burlyaev, and Antonina Bendova.


Chief of Chukotka

Chief of Chukotka () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaly Melnikov. It stars Mikhail Kononov, Alexey Gribov, and Gennadiy Danzanov.


Children of Don Quixote

Children of Don Quixote () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Anatoli Papanov, Vera Orlova, and Vladimir Korenev.


Day Stars

Day Stars () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin. It stars Alla Demidova, Andrei Popov, and Konstantin Baranov.


Don't Forget... Lugovaya Station

Don't Forget... Lugovaya Station () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin and Leonid Menaker. It stars Georgiy Yumatov, Alla Chernova, and Valentina Vladimirova.

The Elusive Avengers

The Elusive Avengers () is a 1966 Soviet adventure movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Viktor Kosykh, Valentina Kurdyukova, and Vasily Vasilyev.


Going Inside a Storm

Going Inside a Storm () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Mikaelyan. It stars Aleksandr Belyavskiy, Vasili Lanovoy, and Rostislav Plyatt.


Go There, Don't Know Where

Go There, Don't Know Where () is a 1966 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Vladimir Danilevich.

Hero of Our Time (movie)

Hero of Our Time () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Vladimir Ivashov, Aleksey Chernov, and Silvia Berova. The movie is an adaptation of the eponymous novel by Mikhail Lermontov.


Tajikistan national cricket team

The "Tajikistan national cricket team" is a men's team that represents Tajikistan in international cricket. They have been a member of the International Cricket Council since 2021.

I'm a Soldier Mom

I'm a Soldier Mom () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Manos Zacharias. It stars Vladimir Grammatikov, Anatoli Ilin, and Vladimir Serababin.


In S. City

In S. City () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Andrei Popov, Anatoli Papanov, and Nonna Terentyeva.


Kazakhstan national futsal team

The Kazakhstan national futsal team is controlled by the Football Federation of Kazakhstan and they have been the FIFA Futsal World Cup where their best placing was 4th in 2021.

Kungssången

Kungssången (English: Royal song) or Ur svenska hjärtans djup en gång (Once from the depths of Swedish hearts) is the royal anthem and song representing the royal family in Sweden. It was composed by Otto Lindblad, the lirycs were wrtitten by Carl Wilhelm August Strandberg. The anthem was first performed on 5 of december 1844, but officially adopted in 1893.

One Night Only (Bee Gees album)

One Night Only is a live album by the band Bee Gees and was released on 7 September, 1998. It was recorded at MGM Grand in Las Vegas on 14 November, 1997 and performed their greatest hits live.

All songs by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb, except where noted.




Note: As the song "How Deep Is Your Love" finishes to sustained applause, Barry's daughter, Alexandra, appears on stage to present him and her uncle Robin with red roses. When she tries to give one to her other uncle, Maurice, "Stayin' Alive" starts to play, forcing her to exit.

While the song "Grease" is being performed, the lighting crew shines a spotlight on Olivia Newton John and her daughter, Chloe Rose Lattanzi, who are sitting in the audience.


Katerina Izmailova (movie)

Katerina Izmailova () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Shapiro. It stars Galina Vishnevskaya, Artyom Inozemtsev, and Nikolai Boyarsky.


Lenin in Poland

Lenin in Poland () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Anna Lisyanskaya, and Antonina Pavlycheva.


A Long Happy Life

A Long Happy Life () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Gennady Shpalikov. It stars Inna Gulaya, Kirill Lavrov, and Yelizaveta Akulicheva.


Man without a Passport

Man without a Passport () is a 1966 Soviet thriller movie directed by Anatoly Bobrovsky. It stars Vladimir Zamansky, Gennady Frolov, and Nikolai Gritsenko.


A Mother's Devotion

A Mother's Devotion () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Nina Menshikova, Rodion Nakhapetov, and Gennadi Chertov.

An Old, Old Tale

An Old, Old Tale () is a 1968 Soviet musical movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Oleg Dahl, Marina Neyolova, and Vladimir Etush.


Older Sister

Older Sister () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Tatyana Doronina, Natalya Tenyakova, and Mikhail Zharov.


A Pistol Shot (1966 movie)

A Pistol Shot () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Naum Trakhtenberg. It stars Mikhail Kozakov, Yury Yakovlev, and Ariadna Shengelaya.


The Republic of ShKID (movie)

The Republic of ShKID () is a 1966 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Gennadi Poloka. It stars Sergei Yursky, Julia Burygin, and Pavel Luspekayev.


Royal Regatta

Royal Regatta () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Natalya Kustinskaya, Valentin Smirnitskiy, and Aleksandr Gruzinsky.


The Story of Asya Klyachina

The Story of Asya Klyachina () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It stars Iya Savvina, Gennady Egorychev, and Alexander Surin.


Chief Minister of Madhesh Province

The Chief Minister of Madhesh is the head of government of Madhesh Province. The Chief Minister is appointed by the governor of according to Article 167 of the constitution of Nepal. The chief minister is the head of the council ministers of province. He/she is also the chief adviser to the governor of Madhesh Province.Madhesh Province was formed after the adoption of the constitution of Nepal. On 17 January 2022, the meeting of provincial assembly declared Janakpur as Capital of Province no. 2 while the Province was rename to Madhesh Province.

The current chief minister is Mohammad Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi from 4 February 2018.



On Thin Ice (1966 movie)

On Thin Ice () is a 1966 Soviet movie directed by Damir Vyatich-Berezhnykh.

The Tale of Tsar Saltan (1966 movie)

The Tale of Tsar Saltan () is a 1966 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Vladimir Andreyev, Larisa Golubkina, and Oleg Vidov.


There Lived Kozyavin

There Lived Kozyavin () is a 1966 Soviet animated movie directed by Andrei Khrzhanovsky.

Three Fat Men (movie)

Three Fat Men () is a 1966 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksey Batalov and Iosif Shapiro. It stars Lina Braknytė, Pyotr Artemyev, and Aleksey Batalov. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Yury Olesha.


Two Tickets for a Daytime Picture Show

Two Tickets for a Daytime Picture Show () is a 1966 Soviet crime movie directed by Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Zemfira Tsakhilova, and Igor Gorbachyov.


Copan stream frog

The Copan stream frog ("Ptychohyla hypomykter") is a frog. It lives in Nicaragua, Honduras, and Guatemala. Scientists think it might also live in El Salvador. People have seen this frog between 340 and 2070 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests.

The Ugly Story

The Ugly Story () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, Viktor Sergachyov, and Aleksandr Gruzinsky.


Wings (1966 movie)

Wings () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Larisa Shepitko. It stars Maya Bulgakova, Zhanna Bolotova, and Panteleimon Krymov.


Women (1966 movie)

Women () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Pavel Lyubimov. It stars Inna Makarova, Nina Sazonova, and Nadezhda Fedosova.


Year as Long as Life

Year as Long as Life () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Igor Kvasha, Andrey Mironov, and Rufina Nifontova.


Adventures of Mowgli

Adventures of Mowgli () is a 1973 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Davydov.

The Andromeda Nebula

The Andromeda Nebula () is a 1967 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Yevgeni Sherstobitov. It stars Sergei Stolyarov, Vija Artmane, and Nikolai Kryukov.


2022 Eastern Kentucky floods

On July 27, 2022, very heavy rainfall hit parts of eastern Kentucky and southwest Virginia, including surrounding Appalachia communities. This cause large floodings in Kentucky. The flooding caused 25 deaths with many reportedly missing.

On July 29, President Joe Biden said the flooding was a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered federal aid to help state and local recovery efforts in the areas affected.

2022 Commonwealth Games

The 2022 Commonwealth Games, officially known as the XXII Commonwealth Games and also known as Birmingham 2022, is an international multi-sport event for members of the Commonwealth that is taking place in Birmingham, England from 28 July to 8 August 2022. 

2022 Luzon earthquake

On July 27, 2022, an earthquake hit the island of Luzon in the Philippines. It had a magnitude of 7.0 , with an epicenter in Abra province. Ten people were reported dead and 320 were injured. At least 12,802 homes, schools and other buildings were damaged or destroyed.

2021–2022 Iraqi political crisis

Since October 2021, there has been a political crisis in Iraq, with members of the Council of Representatives of Iraq being unable to form a stable coalition government, or elect a new President. 

Violent clashes in Baghdad after the 2021 parliamentary election and the attempted assassination of Prime Minister Mustafa Al-Kadhimi began the crisis. On 18 November Muqtada al-Sadr said he would like to form a majority government.

On 27 July, supporters of al-Sadr stormed the Green Zone and the Iraqi Parliament in Baghdad.

Blasted Hell

Blasted Hell () is a 1967 Soviet action movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Gennadiy Bortnikov, Nikolai Skorobogatov, and Imedo Kakhiani.


Brief Encounters (movie)

Brief Encounters () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Kira Muratova. It stars Nina Ruslanova, Vladimir Vysotsky, and Kira Muratova.


Green Zone

The Green Zone () is the most common name for the International Zone of Baghdad. It was a area in the Karkh district of central Baghdad, Iraq, that was the governmental center of the Coalition Provisional Authority during the occupation of Iraq.

Chronicles of a Dive Bomber

Chronicles of a Dive Bomber () is a 1967 Soviet war movie directed by Naum Birman. It stars Lev Vainshtein, Aleksandr Grave, and Oleg Dahl.


Commissar (movie)

Commissar () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Askoldov. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Rolan Bykov, and Lyudmila Volynskaya.


Stuart Woods

Stuart Woods (January 9, 1938 – July 22, 2022) was an American novelist. He was known best for his first novel "Chiefs" and his series of novels about the Stone Barrington character.

Woods died on July 22, 2022 in Washington, Connecticut at the age of 84.

Day of Sun and Rain

Day of Sun and Rain () is a 1967 Soviet family movie directed by Viktor Sokolov. It stars Aleksandr Barinov, Anatoliy Popov, and Aleksandr Sokolov.


Manchester, Georgia

Manchester is a city in Meriwether and Talbot counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is mainly in Meriwether. The population was 3,584 at the 2020 census.

Fair Wind, &quot;Blue Bird&quot;!

Fair Wind, "Blue Bird"! () is a 1967 Soviet adventure movie directed by Mikhail Ershov. It stars Blazhenka Catalinić, Radmila Karaklajić, and Vitaly Doronin.


Give a Paw, Friend!

Give a Paw, Friend! () is a 1967 Soviet family movie directed by Ilya Gurin. It stars Olga Bobkova, Valentina Belyaeva, and Nikolay Lebedev.

Giorgio Oppi

Giorgio Oppi (8 February 1940 – 26 July 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy until 12 May 2009. He was born in Iglesias, Italy. 

Oppi died at a hospital in Cagliari, Italy on 26 July 2022 from problems caused by pancreatitis at the age of 82.

Aldo Pastore

Aldo Pastore (15 December 1930 – 26 July 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy from 1979 to 1987. Pastore was born in Savona, Italy. 

Pastore died on 26 July 2022 in Savona at the age of 91.

Mary Alice

Mary Alice Smith (December 3, 1936 – July 27, 2022), also known as Mary Alice, was an American actress. Alice was known for her roles as Leticia "Lettie" Bostic on the NBC sitcom "A Different World" and Effie Williams in the 1976 musical drama "Sparkle". Alice won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her role in the 1987 production of August Wilson's "Fences". She also won an Emmy Award in 1993. Alice also played the Oracle in "The Matrix Revolutions".

Alice died on July 27, 2022 at her home in New York City.

Yelizaveta Dementyeva

Yelizaveta Dementyeva (; 5 March 1928 – 27 July 2022) was a Soviet sprint canoer. She competed in the late 1950s. She won a gold medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. Dementyeva also won two medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague, both gold and silver.

Dementyeva died on 27 July 2022 at the age of 94.

The Shadows of Knight

The Shadows of Knight were an American rock band from Chicago, Illinois. They played a version of British blues inspired by Chicago. They began recording in 1965.

The Green Carriage

The Green Carriage () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Natalya Tenyakova, Vladimir Chestnokov, and Igor Dmitriev.


His Name Was Robert

His Name Was Robert () is a 1967 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Ilya Olshvanger. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Marianna Vertinskaya, and Mikhail Pugovkin.


The Journalist (1967 movie)

The Journalist () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Yuri Vasilyev, Galina Polskikh, and Nadezhda Fedosova.


An Incident that no one noticed

An Incident that no one noticed () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Aleksandr Volodin. It stars Zhanna Prokhorenko, Vera Titova, and Yevgeny Lebedev.


I Loved You (movie)

I Loved You () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Viktor Perevalov, Violetta Khusnulova, and Valeri Ryzhakov.


Kidnapping, Caucasian Style

Kidnapping, Caucasian Style () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Aleksandr Demyanenko, Natalya Varley, and Vladimir Etush.


Major Whirlwind

Major Whirlwind () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Vadim Beroev, Anastasia Voznesenskaya, and Viktor Pavlov.


Magician (1967 movie)

Magician () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Pyotr Todorovsky. It stars Zinovy Gerdt, Alla Larionova, and Yevgeny Leonov.


Pietro Citati

Pietro Citati (20 February 1930 – 28 July 2022) was an Italian writer and literary critic. He was born in Florence, Italy. He wrote the biographies of Goethe, Alexander the Great, Kafka and Marcel Proust. He also worked for "Corriere della Sera" and was the literary critic for "la Repubblica".

Citati died in Roccamare, Italy on 28 July 2022 at the age of 92.

The Mitten (movie)

The Mitten () is a 1967 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.

Yaakov Heruti

Yaakov Heruti (; 15 January 1927 – 28 July 2022) was an Israeli lawyer and right-wing activist. He was a member of the pre-state militant group Lehi. When he was with Lehi, he created the letter bomb that was sent to Roy Farran. He later became the leader of the group Kingdom of Israel, which bombed the Soviet embassy in Tel Aviv. He served a two-year prison term. He later became involved in politics.

Heruti died on 28 July 2022 in Tel Aviv at the age of 95.


József Kardos

József Kardos (29 March 1960 – 28 July 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a defender for Újpesti Dózsa and the Hungary national team.

Kardos died 28 July 2022, at the age of 62.

Terry Neill

William John Terence Neill (8 May 1942 – 28 July 2022) was a Northern Irish football player and manager. He was known for playing and managing Hull City, Tottenham Hotspur, and Northern Ireland.

Neill died on 28 July 2022 at the age of 80.

Ron Sider

Ronald James Sider (September 17, 1939 – July 27, 2022) was a Canadian-born American theologian and social activist. He was the founder of Evangelicals for Social Action. He was also a founding board member of the National Religious Partnership for the Environment. He was a professor at Palmer Theological Seminary. Sider was born in Stevensville, Canada.

Sider died on July 27, 2022 at his home in Wayne, Pennsylvania from a heart attack, aged 82.

Wayne, Pennsylvania

Wayne is an unincorporated community centered in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, on the Main Line. The center of Wayne was made the Downtown Wayne Historic District in 2012. It is a suburb of Philadelphia.

Christopher Meyer

Sir Christopher John Rome Meyer (22 February 1944 – 27 July 2022) was a British politician. He was the Ambassador to the United States from 1997 to 2003 and to Germany in 1997 during the Tony Blair government. He also was the Downing Street Press Secretary from 1993 to 1996 in the John Major government. Meyer was born in Beaconsfield, England.

Meyer died of a stroke on 27 July 2022 in Megève, France at the age of 78.

Megève

Megève (; ) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in Southeastern France.

Robert Boutigny

Robert Boutigny (24 July 1927 – 22 July 2022) was a French sprint canoeist. He was in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at London in 1948. Boutigny also won two medals at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships. He was born in Villeneuve-le-Roi, France.

Boutigny died on 22 July 2022, two days before his 95th birthday.

Villeneuve-le-Roi

Villeneuve-le-Roi () is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is from Paris.

Fuel (band)

Fuel is an American rock band from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. It was created by guitarist-songwriter Carl Bell in 1989. 

They are known for their hit songs "Shimmer" from the album "Sunburn", "Hemorrhage (In My Hands)" and "Bad Day" from the album "Something Like Human", as well as "Falls on Me" from the album "Natural Selection".

Stephen G. Olmstead

Stephen Goodwin Olmstead (November 10, 1929 – July 20, 2022) was an American Marine Corps Lieutenant General. He was the was Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Drug Policy and Enforcement and the Director of the Department of Defense Task Force on Drug Enforcement. Olmstead was born in Albany, New York.

Olmstead died on July 20, 2022 at a hospital in Annandale, Virginia at the age of 92.

Annandale, Virginia

Annandale () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia. The population of the CDP was 43,363 as of the 2020 United States Census.

The Mysterious Wall

The Mysterious Wall () is a 1967 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Irina Povolotskaya and Mikhail Sadkovich. It stars Lev Krugly, Tatyana Lavrova, and Irakli Uchaneishvili.


Black crowned crane

The black crowned crane ("Balearica pavonina") is a bird in the Gruidae family.

Nikolay Bauman (movie)

Nikolay Bauman () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Tumanov. It stars Rodion Aleksandrov, Elina Bystritskaya, and Igor Dmitriev.


No Password Necessary

No Password Necessary () is a 1967 Soviet action movie directed by Boris Grigorev. It stars Nikolay Gubenko, Mikhail Fyodorov, and Rodion Nahapetov.


Charles L. Waddell

Charles Lindy Waddell (May 13, 1932 – July 19, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Virginia Senate from 1972 to 1998. He was deputy transportation secretary to Governor Jim Gilmore. He was the step-father of former Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring. He was born in Braselton, Georgia.

Waddell died on July 19, 2022 in Leesburg, Virginia at the age of 90. 

No Path Through Fire

No Path Through Fire () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Gleb Panfilov. It stars Inna Churikova, Anatoly Solonitsyn, and Mikhail Gluzsky.


Passion of Spies

Passion of Spies () is a 1967 Soviet animated movie directed by Yefim Gamburg.

Private Life of Kuzyayev Valentin

Private Life of Kuzyayev Valentin () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh and Igor Maslennikov. It stars Viktor Ilichyov, Irina Tereshenkova, and Avgust Baltrusaitis.


Braselton, Georgia

Braselton ( ) is a town in Barrow, Gwinnett, Hall, and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is about northeast of Atlanta. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 13,403.

Retribution (1967 movie)

Retribution () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Kirill Lavrov, Anatoliy Papanov, and Lyudmila Krylova.


Bethlehem, Georgia

Bethlehem is a town in Barrow County in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 715.

You Learn

"You Learn" is a song by the Canadian singer Alanis Morissette. It is from her third studio album, Jagged Little Pill (1995). The song was written by Morissette and Glen Ballard. Ballard was the album's producer. When Maverick and Warner Bros. Records released the song, it was the album's fourth single (third in the United Kingdom). The words talk about how good lessons are learned from bad decisions. The album title is from this line in the song: we “Swallow it down (what a jagged little pill)".

Indigenous peoples of the Northeastern Woodlands

Indigenous peoples of the Northeastern Woodlands are American Indian tribes with similar cultures in the northeastern and the Midwest United States and southeastern parts of Canada. There are three areas in the Northeastern Woodlands. The "coastal area" runs from South Carolina up to Canada. "Saint Lawrence Lowlands" includes parts of Ontario and New York. "The Great Lakes-Riverine" area is around the Great Lakes. There are different landscapes in the region. They include coasts, forests, mountains and lowlands. The Northeastern Woodlands are surrounded by the Subartic, Great Plains and Southeastern Woodlands. Algonquian, Iroquoian, or Siouan are the three language groups of the area.

Algonquian-speaking tribes are Abenaki, Accomac, Delaware (Lenape), Fox, Illinois, Kickapoo, Malecite, Massachusett, Menominee, Miami, Mi’kmaq (Micmac), Mohegan, Mohican (Mahican) Montauk, Nanticoke, Niantic, Nipmuc, Narragansett, Nauset, Ojibwa, Ottawa, Passamaquoddy, Penobscot, Pennacook. Pequot, Pocomtuc, Potawatomi, Powhatan, Sauk, Shawnee, Wampanoag and Wappinger. These tribes were all over the Northeast and along the coast except near the Great Lakes.

Iroquoian speaking tribes include Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, Seneca, Huron, Mohawk, Petun, Tionontati, Neutral, Wenrohronon, Tuscarora, Erie, Susquehannock, and Laurentian Iroquois. The Five Nations included Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca. They were part of the Iroquois Confederacy.

Siouan language tribes include Winnebago, Tutelo and Yankton. Most Siouan are closer to the Plains region.

The Hopewell culture developed in 200 BC. They were in the Midwest and Ohio. The culture disappeared after 400 CE. The Algonquian and Iroquoian tribes developed around 1100. This was in present-day New England. The Iroquois was a powerful confederacy of tribes from about 1400 to 1700 CE. Lenni-Lenape lived in present-day Delaware and New Jersey. They were forced off their lands by Europeans. The Powhatan Confederacy (Tsenacommacah) were tribes in present-day Virginia. Chief Powhatan was the father of Pocahontas. The region of the Powhatan was the first area that British settled, including Jamestown.

Northeast Woodland Natives usually lived in wigwams or longhouses. They traded wampum, which were shell beads. Natives used the birchbark canoe for hunting, warfare and fishing. The main crops were the Three Sisters. This included winter squash, maize (corn), and climbing beans. They were grown together to improve growth. There were villages of a few hundred people. Some areas like Cahokia had many people. Men usually planted and harvested, while women processed plants. The clan was an important social group. They were often named after animals like the bear, hawk, turtle or wolf. Natives believed in spiritual force that was everywhere. "Manitou" was the spiritual life force. It could reveal itself as the "Great Spirit". Totem animals were also sacred.


Silke Smulders

Silke Smulders (born 1 April 2001) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's World Tour team Liv Racing–Xstra.

Smulders competed at the 2020 European Road Championships in the women’s under-23 road race where she was the lead-out rider for Lonneke Uneken, who won the silver medal. Due to this performance and her performance during the 2020 Trophée des Grimpeuses, she earned a professional contract in 2021 with Lotto–Soudal Ladies. While she missed a part of the season due to a knee surgery she had some good results.
She had a good Dutch national championships and finished 5th in the youth classification of the 2021 Giro Rosa. Smulders moved in 2022 to a main women’s cycling teams Liv Racing–Xstra. Smulders competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

The Road to 'Saturn'

The Road to 'Saturn' () is a 1967 Soviet action movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Mikhail Volkov, Georgi Zhzhyonov, and Arkadi Tolbuzin.


Running on Waves

Running on Waves () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Pavel Lyubimov. It stars Sava Hashamov, Rolan Bykov, and Margarita Terekhova.


Save the Drowning Man

Save the Drowning Man () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Pavel Arsenov. It stars Andrei Ushakov, Leonid Karasyov, and Egor Dyakov.


Sea Tales

Sea Tales () is a 1967 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov and Aleksandr Svetlov. It stars Nikolay Dostal, Viktor Zadubrovsky, and Vladimir Balashov.


Tatyana's Day

Tatyana's Day () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Lyudmila Maksakova, Vladimir Tatosov, and Anatoliy Antosevich.


Eva van Agt

Eva van Agt (born 18 March 1997) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who currently rides since 2022 for the British UCI Women's Continental Team Le Col–Wahoo. She competed in her first year as a professional cyclist at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

She is a former field hockey player.

Her grandfather is former prime minister of the Netherlands Dries van Agt.

African-American Jews

African-American Jews are people who are both African-American and Jewish.

Hagiography

A hagiography is a biography of a saint or leader, or an adulatory and idealized biography of a founder, saint, monk, nun or icon in any of the world's religions. Early Christian hagiographies might consist of a biography or , a description of the saint's deeds or miracles or martyrdom or a combination of these.

By extension the word has come to mean an excessively flattering biography of a person that the author wishes to promote.

Ilse Pluimers

Ilse Pluimers (born 29 April 2002) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Enter, who currently rides since 2021 for UCI Women's Continental Team AG Insurance–NXTG. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Her brother is cyclist Rick Pluimers and her grandfather Johan Pluimers was also a cyclist.

Cultural appropriation

Cultural appropriation is when one culture wrongly adopts and takes elements from another culture. One culture does not understand or respect the other culture. Cultures often do not acknowledge that they are taking something from another culture. Often a majority culture uses cultural elements of a minority culture. Appropriation can be disrespectful or have stereotypes. Cultural appropriation can include groups making money off of minority cultures. Oversimplifying minority cultures is also an example. 

Cultural appropriation is different than appreciation. Appreciation is when one values and respects the customs and cultures one is using or adopting.

There are many examples in culture and every day life. People can dress up like other cultures during Halloween without having respect for the culture. There is often appropriation in pop culture. Singers or celebrities may use cultural dances or clothing and make a lot of money from it.

Anne van Rooijen

Anne van Rooijen (born 4 June 2000) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Enter, who currently rides since 2022 for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Van Rooijen earned a contract with Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team in 2022. She competed during her first year of a professional cyclist at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Her two year older sister Sofie van Rooijen is also a professional cyclist, riding for the same team.

Lake Shore, Minnesota

Lake Shore is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Longville, Minnesota

Longville is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Pine River, Minnesota

Pine River is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Remer, Minnesota

Remer is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Clara City, Minnesota

Clara City is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Quinty Schoens

Quinty Schoens (born 12 February 1999) is a Dutch triathlete and professional racing cyclist, who currently rides since 2022 for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Van Rooijen earned a contract with Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team in 2022. She competed during her first year of a professional cyclist at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Maynard, Minnesota

Maynard is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Milan, Minnesota

Milan is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Watson, Minnesota

Watson is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Chisago City, Minnesota

Chisago City is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Juan de Oñate

Don Juan de Oñate (1550–1626) was a Spanish conquistador. He was a colonial governor in New Spain. He explored the Great Plains and Northwest regions. He is infamous for the Acoma Massacre (1599) in New Mexico. He and other Spaniards cruelly attacked and destroyed the Acoma Pueblo. Many of the Pueblo people were enslaved or had one leg removed. Some new research indicates that it may have just been toes removed. 

Oñate is controversial today in New Mexico and the United States. The foot of an Oñate statue was removed in New Mexico. There have been protests about a new statue in Texas.

Lindstrom, Minnesota

Lindstrom is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Shafer, Minnesota

Shafer is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Stacy, Minnesota

Stacy is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Taylors Falls, Minnesota

Taylors Falls is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Wyoming, Minnesota

Wyoming is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Barnesville, Minnesota

Barnesville is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Helluva Boss

Helluva Boss is an American adult animated series created by Vivienne Medrano. It is based on the misadventures of the employees of I.M.P., a murder-for-hire company. The pilot was released on November 25, 2019 and the first season was released on October 31, 2020. On November 13, 2021, a second season was announced, which premiered on July 30, 2022.

The story follows I.M.P. (Immediate Murder Professionals), a murder company in Hell. The members are Blitzo (pronounced "Blitz"), the owner of the company, Millie and Moxxie, a married imp couple, and Loona, a hellhound who is Blitzo's daughter. Blitzo also has a tricky relationship with Stolas, a demon prince. Stolas has a book called a grimoire, which I.M.P. uses to do their job, because it allows them to access the human world.

The series takes place in the same universe as "Hazbin Hotel," but with different characters and stories.







Blackfeet Nation

The Blackfeet Nation is an American Indian tribe in Montana. They are part of the Great Plains cultural region. The US Government recognizes it as a tribe. The Blackfeet Indian Reservation is next to the Glacier National Park and the Lewis and Clark National Forest. These two areas were originally Blackfeet. The sacred Badger-Two Medicine area is in the Lewis and Clark National Forest. 

The Blackfeet originally came from the area of the Great Lakes. They later settled the region of Montana in the 17th century. They were nomads. The people eventually got firearms and horses. Americans pushed west and took away land in the 19th century. A treaty of 1896 established a reservation for the Blackfeet. Some sacred area like the Rocky Mountain Front were not included.

Mischa Bredewold

Mischa Bredewold (born 20 June 2000) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Hoogland, who currently rides since 2021 for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Bredewold won the first stage of the 2021 Baloise Ladies Tour and the overall young rider classification. At the 2022 European Road Championships she won the bronze medal in the under-23 team time trial event. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands

The Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands are American Indian tribes with similar cultures in the Southeast United States and northern border of Mexico. It is difficult to create boundaries for this region. This region shared many cultural elements with its neighbors. Neighboring regions include Northeastern Woodlands, Great Plains and a little bit of the Southwest region. The Southeast and Northeast Woodlands combined make the Eastern Woodlands. The region includes coastal area, hilly areas, part of the Appalachian Mountains, savanna grassland and forests. Tribes include the Five Civilized Tribes. They are Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, Cherokee, and Seminole. The two large language groups were Caddoan and Muskogean. 

There are no historical records of early Southeastern Woodlands Native peoples and their stories. Archaeologists study artifacts and remains from these people groups to better understand their history. 

In the early periods, agriculture led to population growth. Two important cultures in early periods were the Poverty Point Culture and Mississippian Culture. The Poverty Point Culture was in Louisiana during the Archaic period from 2000–1000 BCE. Objects show that they were trading. The Mississippian Culture was from 800 CE to 1500 CE. They grew corn and were mound builders. Many groups were part of the Southeastern Ceremonial Complex. These were religious and trading connections. In the 16th century, the Spanish invaded the Southeastern lands and used the "encomienda" system. Hernando de Soto traveled the Southeastern Woodlands and attacked settlements. Colonial attacks made tribes weaker. Europeans brought diseases that reduced population sizes. European colonization also led to changes in Southeastern Woodland cultures. Roman Catholic missionaries created missions and tried to convert Natives people In the 17th century.

In the 18th century, Natives were involved in international conflicts like the Seven Years' War. 

In the 19th century, Natives were forced off their lands. Natives had different responses to the Indian Removal Act. In "Cherokee Nation" v. "Georgia" case, the Supreme Court decided that the Cherokee had no right to sue. Creeks agreed to move, but a lot of Cherokee were forced to leave. 

The 20th century included the Natives getting back their rights and sovereignty. 

Southeastern Woodlands people lived in villages. A special building was often in the center of the settlement. This building was either a temple or for ceremonies. Some settlements had large fences around the settlement for defense. Hopewell tradition clans were named after animals.

The peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands went hunting for wild game and fishing. The main crop was corn. Corn allowed for larger populations. There was also winter squash and climbing beans. These three plants were often grown together. They are called the Three Sisters. Natives also grew other plants and used sunflower to make oil. Work was divided by gender. Men were active in hunting, trade and war. Women did mainly agriculture. 

There was a lot of interaction with other regions like the Great Plains and Northeastern Woodlands people. Mound building may have come from regions in present-day Mexico. Mound building was common. Southeastern Woodlands natives often traded pottery and shells. These were valuable objects. 

Chiefs led local settlement groups. These chiefs were often political and religious. There were also separate war leaders. Settlements had social hierarchy. 

Families were based on matrilineal descent. This meant that things like inheritance of property were based on the mother's side. Exogamy was also common. This was when someone married somebody else outside of the clan. This could create more relations with other clans. Incest within a clan was not allowed and there were strict rule against it.

Native peoples believed in animism. According to this worldview, animals also had souls. Hunting was viewed as sacred. Animals had to be respected. The souls of killed animals could get revenge if they were not respected. Natives also believed that other objects besides plants and animals had spiritual power. There were often medicine people. They were also spiritual leaders. 

Petra Stiasny

Petra Stiasny (born 10 September 2001) is a Swiss racing cyclist from Wädenswil, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Roland Cogeas Edelweiss Squad.

At a young age Stiasny competed in athletics and swimming. After doing triathlon she focussed completely on cycling. She finished 22nd in the 2022 Giro d'Italia Donne. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. Due to a crash and mechanical failure she finished out of time in the first stage.

Nicole Frain

Nicole Louise Frain (born 24 August 1992) is an Australian professional racing cyclist from Tasmania, who currently rides for the Dutch UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Frain won the silver medal at the 2019 Oceania Road Cycling Championships in the time trial event. In 2021 Frain won the bronze medal at the Australian National Time Trial Championships. She became the 2022 Australian National Road Race Champion. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. In the second stage she rode with high speed into Marta Cavalli causing a crash. The way she rode into Cavalli was mentioned as careless cycling and caused commotion. Cavalli had to leave the Tour.

In 2014, Frain was involved in a traffic accident killing a 78-year-old man. Frain was said to have been fallen asleep while driven. She got a suspended sentence for this accident.

Anya Louw

Anya Louw (born 16 October 2000) is an Australian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the Dutch UCI Women's Continental Team AG Insurance–NXTG.

Frain competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. She was in stage 5 in the breakaway that last 140 kilometres. She was having fun and even trying to cheer the croud along the way.

La Malinche

La Malinche (1500-1550) or Malintzin or Marina was an American Indian woman from the Mexican Yucatan Peninsula. In 1519, Hernán Cortés chose her as a slave with 19 other women. She became the direct helper and translator for Cortés. She knew both Mayan and Nahuatl of the region and learned Spanish. She was important in negotiations. With Malinche, Cortés could interpret the language of the Aztecs. Malinche was eventually baptized as Doña Marina. Cortés used Malinche to find the weaknesses of the Aztecs and to destroy them. This included the fall of Tenochtitlán. 

Friday I'm in Love

"Friday I'm in Love" is a song by the English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released on 15 May, 1992 from their ninth album "Wish". It went to number six in the United Kingdom and number 18 in the United States.

The Last Warrior (2000 movie)

The Last Warrior is a 2000 Israeli American science fiction action movie directed by Sheldon Lettich and starring Dolph Lundgren, Juliano Mer, Sherri Alexander, Ze'ev Revach, Chanan Elias, Rebecca Cross.


Wind &amp; Wuthering

Wind & Wuthering is the eighth studio album by Genesis. The album was released on 17 December 1976 through Charisma Records and was the last to feature guitarist Steve Hackett. It went to number 7 in the United States and number 3 in Canada.

Sometimes When We Touch

"Sometimes When We Touch" is a 1977 song by Canadian singer Dan Hill and taken from his album "Longer Fuse". It went to number 1 in Canada and South Africa, number 3 in Australia, number 4 in New Zealand and number 3 in the United States. It has been covered by Tina Turner, Tammy Wynette and Rod Stewart.

I Tre Sassi

The I Tre Sassi is a mountain of Lake Como in Italy at 2087 meters above sea level, part of the Gruppo delle Gigne.

The highest point of the mountains that surround it for about 10 kilometers is the 2409 meters of altidunine southeast of the top of Mount Tre Sassi.

There are about 100 people per square kilometer in the Monte I Tre Sassi area, and the closest municipality is Mandello del Lario.

The Tre Sasi mountain is covered almost entirely by forest.

The average temperature is 8 degrees, and the hottest month is July, while the coldest is February with an average of -2 degrees. The rainfall is 1714 millimeters per year. The rainy month is November with 281 mm of rain, and the driest is September with 87 mm of rain.

Möbius function

The Möbius function is the function µ(x,d,g,f,h,c)=mod(|(x^(sqrt(n))-sin(f^(1/g)))/ln(h^c)|,1). It is commonly used in generating a random irrational number. This is often found in ai which improves through evolutionary processes as the numbers produced with completely random integers as inputs tend to be useful.

The Seventh Companion

The Seventh Companion () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Aronov and Aleksei German. It stars Andrei Popov, Aleksandr Anisimov, and Georgiy Shtil.


The Snow Queen (1967 movie)

The Snow Queen () is a 1967 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Gennadi Kazansky. It stars Valery Nikitenko, Elena Proklova, and Slava Ziupa.


Torrents of Steel

Torrents of Steel () is a 1967 Soviet war drama movie directed by Efim Dzigan. It stars Nikolay Alekseev, Lev Fritschinsky, and Vladimir Ivashov.


Sofiya Perovskaya (movie)

Sofiya Perovskaya () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Alexandra Nazarova, Viktor Tarasov, and Boris Khmelnitsky. The movie is based on the life of Sofiya Perovskaya, member of Narodnaya Volya, executed for taking part in planning the successful assassination of Alexander II of Russia.


Spring on the Oder

Spring on the Oder () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Saakov. It stars Anatoliy Kuznetsov, Anatoliy Grachyov, and Lyudmila Chursina.


Stewardess (movie)

Stewardess () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Krasnopolsky and Valery Uskov. It stars Alla Demidova, Georgiy Zhzhonov, and Vladimir Etush.


Straight Line (movie)

Straight Line () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Shvyryov. It stars Lyudmila Dolgorukova, Oleg Efremov, and Sergei Gololobov.


Comstock, Minnesota

Comstock is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Dilworth, Minnesota

Dilworth is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Felton, Minnesota

Felton is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Georgetown, Minnesota

Georgetown is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Glyndon, Minnesota

Glyndon is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Hawley, Minnesota

Hawley is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Strong with Spirit

Strong with Spirit () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Viktor Georgiyev. It stars Gunārs Cilinskis, Ivan Pereverzev, and Yevgeni Vesnik.


Hitterdal, Minnesota

Hitterdal is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Three Poplars in Plyushchikha

Three Poplars in Plyushchikha () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Tatiana Doronina, Oleg Yefremov, and Hikmat Latypov.


Sabin, Minnesota

Sabin is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Ulen, Minnesota

Ulen is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Tough Nut (movie)

Tough Nut () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Theodor Vulfovich. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Vitaly Solomin, and Vladimir Lippart.


Vertical (1967 movie)

Vertical () is a 1967 Soviet sports drama movie. It was directed by Stanislav Govorukhin and Boris Durov. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Gennady Voropayev, and Larisa Luzhina.


Clearbrook, Minnesota

Clearbrook is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Viy (1967 movie)

Viy () is a 1967 Soviet horror movie directed by Konstantin Yershov and Georgi Kropachyov. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Natalya Varley, and Alexei Glazyrin.


Gonvick, Minnesota

Gonvick is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Leonard, Minnesota

Leonard is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Wedding in Malinovka

Wedding in Malinovka () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Vladimir Samoilov, Lyudmila Alfimova, and Valentina Lysenko. The movie is based on an operetta by Boris Aleksandrov adapted by Leonid Yukhvid.


Shevlin, Minnesota

Shevlin is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

A Winter Morning

A Winter Morning () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Tanya Soldatenkova, Konstantin Kornakov, and Nikolai Timofeyev.


Bingham Lake, Minnesota

Bingham Lake is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Woman's World (1967 movie)

Woman's World () is a 1967 Soviet war movie directed by Alexey Saltykov. It stars Rimma Markova, Nina Sazonova, and Alexandra Dorokhin.


Jeffers, Minnesota

Jeffers is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Mountain Lake, Minnesota

Mountain Lake is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns

Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns () is a 1967 Soviet animated movie directed by Amen Khaydarov. The movie is based upon the traditional Kazakh fairy tale of the same name.

Storden, Minnesota

Storden is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Your Contemporary

Your Contemporary () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Igor Vladimirov, Nikolai Plotnikov, and Antonina Maksimova.


Westbrook, Minnesota

Westbrook is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Zhenya, Zhenechka and Katyusha

Zhenya, Zhenechka and Katyusha () is a 1967 Soviet war comedy movie directed by Vladimir Motyl. It stars Oleg Dahl, Galina Figlovskaya, and Mikhail Kokshenov. Zhenya Savicheva


Baxter, Minnesota

Baxter is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

At War as at War

At War as at War () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Viktor Tregubovich. It stars Mikhail Kononov, Oleg Borisov, and Victor Pavlov.


Breezy Point, Minnesota

Breezy Point is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Crosby, Minnesota

Crosby is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Crosslake, Minnesota

Crosslake is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Cuyuna, Minnesota

Cuyuna is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Deerwood, Minnesota

Deerwood is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Bed-Sitter Images

Bed-Sitter Images is the debut studio album by Al Stewart released in 1967 and revised in 1970.

Side 1

Side 2

"All songs written by Al Stewart except where noted"

Side 1

Side 2


Emily, Minnesota

Emily is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Fifty Lakes, Minnesota

Fifty Lakes is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Fort Ripley, Minnesota

Fort Ripley is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Garrison, Minnesota

Garrison is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Ironton, Minnesota

Ironton is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Jenkins, Minnesota

Jenkins is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Manhattan Beach, Minnesota

Manhattan Beach is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Nisswa, Minnesota

Nisswa is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Syrian Armed Forces

The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is the Military of Syria, Originally formed in 1946. The Syrian Arab Armed Forces consists of the Syrian Arab Army, Syrian Arab Air Force, Syrian Arab Navy, Syrian Arab Air Defense Forces
, and the Paramilitary forces known as the National Defense Forces. The SAAF is a conscripted force made up of about 150,000 men (not counting militants).
The SAAF was first formed back in 1920, it was called the French Mandate Volunteer Force. It was considered the "Special Army of the Levant". During World War II, they fought against against British and Free French troops but all fights were unsuccessful. There later was a gendarmerie force made to fight off criminals, and political enemies, the force had about 10,000 men and 306 officers with most of the high ranking members being French.
After the World War II, the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against the IDF in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Between 1948 and 1967 there were multiple coup d'etats. The first coup was in 1949 led by General Husni al-Za'im, which was successful. With two more coups later that year, in 1954 more coups occurred with a massive officer purge to ensure no more coups. But in 1963 a newer coup happened led by the Ba'ath Party which made Hafez al-Assad the new President of Syria.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against Syrian Protesters in 2011, causing the Syrian Civil War. With about 40 officers defecting and making the "Free Syrian Army" that later on turned to the Syrian National Army. With the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fighting in major battles such as the Siege Of Homs, Battle of Damascus, Battle of Aleppo and other battles.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is a conscripted force, with a conscription age of 18-42. There are exemptions such as Mental Disabilities, Physical Disabilities, Paying a fee, being an only son. With the Punishments for avoiding service are exiled or jailed. It was first Introduced in May 16th, 2007 with about 18 months of service but no confirmed soldiers were let go.
There are 5 branches within the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, based in Damascus with the Forces being made of mainly Sunni Muslims but there are some Alawite, since certain units only accept Alawites, such as the Syrian Republican Guard and 4th Armored Division.

The Syrian Arab Army are the Ground Forces of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, it is the dominate branch within the Syrian Arab Armed Forces. The Syrian Arab Armed Forces consists of about 3 corps, with 14 Divisions, and more than 40 Brigades.

The Syrian Arab Air Force is the Air Branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, the Syrian Arab Air Force consists of 2 Divisions. Made up of 7 Fighter-Bomber brigades, 4 Helicopter Brigades and a single Air Transport Brigade.
The Syrian Navy is the Naval Branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, with about 4,000 men. With about 43 ships, 21 Helicopters and 12 Coastal Defense Systems.
The Syrian Air Defense Force is the Anti-Air branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, made up of about 55,000 men. With about 20 Air Defense Brigades and 3 Air Defense Regiments.
The National Defense Forces is a Pro-Assad militia, with about 50,000-100,000 men. It was formed by the Syrian Government, formed in November 11th, 2012.

Pequot Lakes, Minnesota

Pequot Lakes is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Riverton, Minnesota

Riverton is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Trommald, Minnesota

Trommald is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Dead Season

Dead Season () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Savva Kulish. It stars Donatas Banionis, Rolan Bykov, and Gennadi Yukhtin.


Degree of Risk

Degree of Risk () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh. It stars Boris Livanov, Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy, and Alla Demidova.


Fire, Water, and Brass Pipes

Fire, Water, and Brass Pipes () is a 1968 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Natalya Sedykh, Aleksei Katyshev, and Georgy Millyar.


The Diamond Arm

The Diamond Arm () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Nina Grebeshkova, and Andrei Mironov.


Goal! Another Goal!

Goal! Another Goal! () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Sadovsky. It stars Viktor Korshunov, Valentin Smirnitskiy, and Galina Yatskina.


The Golden Calf (1968 movie)

The Golden Calf () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Shveytser. It stars Sergei Yursky, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Zinovy Gerdt. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Ilf and Petrov.


Intervention (1968 movie)

Intervention () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Gennadi Poloka. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Valeri Zolotukhin, and Olga Aroseva.


Jamilya (1968 movie)

Jamilya () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Irina Poplavskaya. It stars Natalya Arinbasarova, Suymenkul Chokmorov, and Nasreddin Dubashev.


A Literature Lesson

A Literature Lesson () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksey Korenev. It stars Yevgeny Steblov, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Inna Makarova.


A Little Crane

A Little Crane () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Moskalenko. It stars Lyudmila Chursina, Nonna Mordyukova, and Tatyana Pelttser.


The Little Mermaid (1968 movie)

The Little Mermaid () is a 1968 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Aksenchuk.


The Living Corpse (1968 movie)

The Living Corpse () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Aleksey Batalov, Alla Demidova, and Oleg Basilashvili.


Lyubov Serafima Frolova

Lyubov Serafima Frolova () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Tumanov. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Tamara Syomina, and Larisa Luzhina.


The Master of Taiga

The Master of Taiga () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Nazarov. It stars Valeriy Zolotukhin, Vladimir Vysotskiy, and Lionella Pyryeva.


Moabite Notebook

Moabite Notebook () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It stars Rafkat Bikchentayev, Aivars Bogdanovics, and .


The Mysterious Monk

The Mysterious Monk () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Arkady Koltsaty. It stars Vladimir Druzhnikov, Evgeny Zharikov, and Valentin Zubkov.


The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers

The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers () is a 1968 Soviet action movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Mikhail Metyolkin, Vasily Vasilyev, and Viktor Kosykh.


Once More About Love

Once More About Love () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Tatyana Doronina, Alexander Lazarev, and Oleg Yefremov.


Passenger from the &quot;Equator&quot;

Passenger from the "Equator" () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Kurochkin. It stars Jüri Krjukov, Yuri Puss, and Vyacheslav Tsyupa.


Punisher (1968 movie)

Punisher () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Manos Zacharias. It stars Yevgeny Kindinov, Mariya Vandova, and Viktor Sotsky-Voinicescu.

The Secret Agent's Blunder

The Secret Agent's Blunder () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Venyamin Dorman. It stars Georgiy Zhzhonov, Mikhail Nozhkin, and Oleg Zhakov.


Seven Old Men and a Girl

Seven Old Men and a Girl () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Svetlana Savyolova, Valentin Smirnitsky, and Boris Chirkov.


The Shield and the Sword (movie)

The Shield and the Sword () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Stanislav Lyubshin, Oleg Yankovsky, and Georgy Martyniuk.


The Sixth of July

The Sixth of July () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Karasik. It stars Alla Demidova, Ivan Solovyov, and Armen Dzhigarkhanyan.


The Snow Maiden (1968 movie)

The Snow Maiden () is a 1968 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Pavel Kadochnikov. It stars Yevgenia Filonova, Evgeny Zharikov, and Irina Gubanova.


Solaris (1968 movie)

Solaris () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Boris Nirenburg and Lidiya Ishimbayeva. It stars Vasily Lanovoy, Vladimir Etush, and Viktor Zozulin.


Tri dnya Viktora Chernyshova

Tri dnya Viktora Chernyshova () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Osepyan. It stars Gennadi Korolkov, Valentina Vladimirova, and Alexey Chernov.


To Love (1968 movie)

To Love () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalik and Inna Tumanyan. It stars Mihail Badiceanu, , and Alexey Eybozhenko.


Transitional Age

Transitional Age () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Richard Viktorov. It stars Elena Proklova, Sergey Makeyev, and Vitali Segeda.


Trembita (movie)

Trembita () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Oleg Nikolayevsky. It stars Evgeniy Vesnik, Olga Aroseva, and Aleksey Chernov.


Two Comrades Were Serving

Two Comrades Were Serving () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Oleg Yankovsky, Rolan Bykov, and Anatoli Papanov.


We'll Live Till Monday

We'll Live Till Monday () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Irina Pechernikova, and Nina Menshikova.


Virineya

Virineya () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Fetin. It stars Lyudmila Chursina, Vyacheslav Nevinny, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Zigzag of Success

Zigzag of Success () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Irina Skobtseva, and Valentina Talyzina.


Adam and Eve (1969 movie)

Adam and Eve () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksey Korenev. It stars Frunzik Mkrtchyan, Yekaterina Vasilyeva, and Gogi Gegechkori.

The Adjutant of His Excellency

The Adjutant of His Excellency () is a 1969 Soviet movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Yury Solomin, Vladislav Strzhelchik, and Vladimir Kozel.


The Ambassador of the Soviet Union

The Ambassador of the Soviet Union () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Yuliya Borisova, Anatoly Ktorov, and Gunārs Cilinskis.


Barbara the Fair with the Silken Hair

Barbara the Fair with the Silken Hair () is a 1970 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou. It stars Mikhail Pugovkin, Georgy Millyar, and Anatoly Kubatsky.


The Bremen Town Musicians (movie)

The Bremen Town Musicians () is a 1969 Soviet animated movie directed by Inessa Kovalevskaya.


The Brothers Karamazov (1969 movie)

The Brothers Karamazov () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Kirill Lavrov, Ivan Pyryev and Mikhail Ulyanov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Lionella Pyryeva, and Kirill Lavrov. The movie is based on the 1880 novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky.


By the Lake

By the Lake () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Vasily Shukshin, and Natalya Belokhvostikova.


The Color of Pomegranates

The Color of Pomegranates is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Parajanov. It stars Sofiko Chiaureli, Melkon Aleksanyan, and Vilen Galstyan.


Dangerous Tour (movie)

Dangerous Tour () is a 1969 Soviet adventure movie directed by Georgi Yungvald-Khilkevich. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Yefim Kopelyan, and Nikolai Grinko.


Director (1969 movie)

Director () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexey Saltykov. It stars Nikolay Gubenko, Svetlana Zhgun, and Boris Kudryavtsev.


Family Happiness (movie)

Family Happiness () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Ladynin, Aleksandr Sheyn Sr. and Sergey Solovev. It stars Alisa Freindlikh, Vyacheslav Tikhonov, and Nikolay Burlyaev.


Gena the Crocodile (movie)

Gena the Crocodile () is a 1969 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.


King Stag

King Stag () is a 1969 Soviet movie directed by Pavel Arsenov. It stars Yury Yakovlev, Valentina Malyavina, and Sergey Yursky.


Syria (disambiguation)

Syria is a country in the Middle East. 

Syria may also refer to:



Mama Married

Mama Married () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Vitaly Melnikov. It stars Lyusyena Ovchinnikova, Oleg Yefremov, and Nikolay Burlyaev.


A Nest of Gentry (movie)

A Nest of Gentry () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Konchalovsky. It stars Irina Kupchenko, Leonid Kulagin, and Beata Tyszkiewicz.


Not Under the Jurisdiction

Not Under the Jurisdiction () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Krasnopolskiy and Valery Uskov. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Lyudmila Maksakova, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


On the Way to Berlin

On the Way to Berlin () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Vasiliy Krasnov, Nikolay Trofimov, and Gennadi Karnovich-Valua.


Prince Igor (1969 movie)

Prince Igor () is a 1969 Soviet movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov.

The Red Tent (movie)

The Red Tent () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Peter Finch, Sean Connery, and Claudia Cardinale.


Strange People (1969 movie)

Strange People () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vsevolod Sanayev, Panteleymon Krymov, and Sergei Nikonenko.


Subject for a Short Story

Subject for a Short Story () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Nikolai Grinko, Marina Vlady, and Iya Savvina.


Tomorrow, on April 3rd...

Tomorrow, on April 3rd... () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Igor Maslennikov. It stars Eneken Aksel, Lyudmila Volynskaya, and Viktor Ilichyov.


Village Detective

Village Detective () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Tatyana Pelttser, and Natalya Sayko.


Winnie-the-Pooh (1969 movie)

Winnie-the-Pooh () is a 1969 Soviet animated movie directed by Fyodor Khitruk.


About Love (1970 movie)

About Love () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Bogin. It stars Victoria Fyodorova, Sergey Dreyden, and Eleonora Shashkova.


Adventures of the Yellow Suitcase

Adventures of the Yellow Suitcase () is a 1970 Soviet children's movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Tatyana Pelttser, Yevgeni Lebedev, and Andrei Gromov.


Afrikanych

Afrikanych () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Oleg Belov, Irina Bunina, and Larisa Burkova.


Attention, Turtle!

Attention, Turtle! () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Alexei Yershov, Andrei Samotolkin, and Mikhail Martirosyan.


The Ballad of Bering and His Friends

The Ballad of Bering and His Friends () is a 1970 Soviet adventure movie directed by Yuri Shvyryov. It stars Kārlis Sebris, Igor Ledogorov, and Yuri Nazarov.


The Beginning (1970 movie)

The Beginning () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Gleb Panfilov. It stars Inna Churikova, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Valentina Telichkina.


The Blue Bird (1970 movie)

The Blue Bird () is a 1970 Soviet animated movie directed by Vasily Livanov.

City of First Love

City of First Love () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Yashin and Manos Zacharias. It stars Yelena Alekina, Natalya Egorova, and Boris Galkin.

Crime and Punishment (1970 movie)

Crime and Punishment () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Georgy Taratorkin, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, and Tatyana Bedova.


The Flight (movie)

The Flight () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Lyudmila Savelyeva, Aleksey Batalov, and Mikhail Ulyanov.


Green Chains

Green Chains () is a 1970 Soviet adventure movie directed by Grigori Aronov. It stars Aleksandr Grigoryev, Igor Urumbekov, and Vladimir Leletko.


Hail, Mary!

Hail, Mary! () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Ada Rogovtseva, Angel Gutierrez, and Vitali Solomin.


Late Flowers

Late Flowers () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Irina Lavrenteva, Alexander Lazarev, and Olga Zhiznyeva.


Mission in Kabul

Mission in Kabul () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Irina Miroshnichenko, and Gleb Strizhenov.


My good Dad

My good Dad () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Usov. It stars Aliagha Aghayev, Sasha Arutyunov, and Eldar Azimov.


Passing Through Moscow

Passing Through Moscow () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ilya Gurin. It stars Yevgeny Karelskikh, Sergey Shakurov, and Nikolay Merzlikin.


The Polynin Case

The Polynin Case () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Anastasiya Vertinskaya, Oleg Efremov, and 
Oleg Tabakov.


Red Square (movie)

Red Square () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars Sergey Yakovlev, Aleksandr Kutepov, and Vyacheslav Shalevich.


The Return of Saint Luke

The Return of Saint Luke () is a 1970 Soviet crime movie directed by Anatoliy Bobrovsky. It stars Vsevolod Sanaev, Vladislav Dvorzhetskiy, and Oleg Basilashvili.


The Seagull (1972 movie)

The Seagull () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Karasik. It stars Alla Demidova, Vladimir Tchetverikov, and Nikolai Plotnikov.


Secret Agent's Destiny

Secret Agent's Destiny () is a 1970 Soviet adventure movie directed by Venyamin Dorman. It stars Georgy Zhzhyonov, Mikhail Nozhkin, and Andrei Vertogradov.


Shine, Shine, My Star (1970 movie)

Shine, Shine, My Star () is a 1970 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Alexander Mitta. It stars Oleg Tabakov, Elena Proklova, and Yevgeny Leonov.


The Seven Brides of Lance-Corporal Zbruyev

The Seven Brides of Lance-Corporal Zbruyev () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaliy Melnikov. It stars Semyon Morozov, Natalya Varley, and Marianna Vertinskaya.


Sport, Sport, Sport

Sport, Sport, Sport () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Elem Klimov. It stars Zinoviy Gerdt, Georgiy Svetlani, and Larisa Shepitko.


Tchaikovsky (movie)

Tchaikovsky () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Antonina Shuranova, and Kirill Lavrov.


Liberation (movie series)

Liberation () is a 1970 Soviet war drama movie directed by Yuri Ozerov. It stars Nikolay Olyalin, Larisa Golubkina, and Vsevolod Sanaev.


Lalbabu Raut cabinet

The Raut Cabinet is the Council of Ministers headed by Mohammad Lalbabu Raut in Madhesh Province, Nepal. Raut was sworn in the Chief Ministers of Madhesh Province in February 2018. 

The arrangement of the cabinet is the result of talks between two Former Deputy Prime Ministers, People's Socialist Party, Nepal President Upendra Yadav and Nepali Congress Vice-president Bimalendra Nidhi. They have strong hold in this region from their parties.

This is a list of ministers since 9 June 2021 since when PSP-N and Nepali Congress are two major parties in government.


Municipal election for Mechinagar took place on 13 May 2022, with all 75 positions up for election across 15 wards. The electorate elected a mayor, a deputy mayor, 19 ward chairs and 60 ward members. An indirect election will also be held to elect five female members and an additional three female members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.

Municipal election for Bhadrapur took place on 13 May 2022, with all 50 positions up for election across 10 wards. The electorate elected a mayor, a deputy mayor, 10 ward chairs and 40 ward members. An indirect election will also be held to elect five female members and an additional three female members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.

The Secret of the Iron Door

The Secret of the Iron Door () is a 1970 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Yuzovsky. It stars Evaldas Mikaliunas, Andrei Kharybin, and Dmitri Yuzovsky.


Stopwatch (movie)

Stopwatch () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Rezo Esadze. It stars Nikolay Olyalin, Natalya Antonova, and Viktoriya Beskova.


Two Days of Miracles

Two Days of Miracles () is a 1970 Soviet fantasy comedy movie directed by Lev Mirsky. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Borya Mayhrovsky, and Mikhail Kozakov.


Uncle Vanya (1970 movie)

Uncle Vanya () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Konchalovskiy. It stars Innokenti Smoktunovsky, Sergei Bondarchuk, and Irina Kupchenko.


Peaches (Justin Bieber song)

"Peaches" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring fellow singer-songwriter Daniel Caesar (also Canadian) and American singer-songwriter Giveon. It was released on March 19, 2021, as the fifth single from Bieber's sixth studio album, "Justice", on the same day. The song debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It became Bieber's seventh US number one, while it became both Caesar and Giveon's first.

Uzbekistan national cricket team

The Uzbekistan national cricket team that represents Uzbekistan in international cricket. They have been a member of International Cricket Council since July 2022.

Honest (Justin Bieber song)

"Honest" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring American rapper and singer Don Toliver. It was released as a single on April 29, 2022. The song debuted at number 44 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Uruguay national rugby union team

The Uruguay national rugby union team (Spanish: " Selección de rugby de Uruguay") is a second tier rugby union from Uruguay. They have featured at five Rugby World Cup since 1999. They are ranked 18th in the World Rugby rankings.

Up at Night (song)

"Up at Night" is a song by American singer Kehlani featuring Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on March 30, 2022, and serves as the third single to Kehlani's third studio album, "Blue Water Road". The song failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It debuted at number 14 on the Bubbling Hot 100.

Attention (Omah Lay and Justin Bieber song)

"Attention" is a song by Nigerian singer and songwriter Omah Lay and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on March 4, 2022. The song serves as the second single to Lay's first studio album, "Boy Alone". The song failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Instead, it debuted at number 11 on the Bubbling Hot 100.

Wandered to LA

"Wandered to LA" is a song by American rapper and singer Juice Wrld and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on December 3, 2021, and serves as the second single to the former's fourth studio album, "Fighting Demons". The song debuted at number 49 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Intentions (Justin Bieber song)

"Intentions" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring rapper and Migos member Quavo. It was released on February 7, 2020, as the second single from Bieber's fifth studio album "Changes". The song peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

DWDZ-TV

DWDZ-DTV (channel 47) is an upcoming television station in Metro Manila. It will owned and operated by Interactive Broadcast Media Incorporated. Its studios are located at the Unit 808, Atlanta Center, Annapolis St., Greenhills, San Juan Metro Manila, Philippines and the transmitter is located at Nuestra Señora Dela Paz Subdivision, Sumulong Highway, Barangay Sta. Cruz, Antipolo, Rizal, Philippines.

In 1999, ABC was awarded the channel 47 frequency in Metro Manila, the last remaining UHF frequency in the market, christening it DWDZ-TV. However, has been inactive since 2003.

On 2024, after 19 years of inactivity and silence, UHF 47 Manila will be back on air and acquired by Interactive Broadcast Media Incorporated as Ultimate Newsic TV-47 Manila

DWDZ-TV broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 47 (671.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:

DZCE-TV

DZCE-TV is the flagship non-commercial station of the Philippine television network INC TV (merger of GEM TV and INC Channel on SkyCable).

DZCE broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 49 (683.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:

In addition, Christian Era Broadcasting Service International operates its channel on DZEC-TV UHF Channel 28 (557.143 MHz)




The White Bird Marked with Black

The White Bird Marked with Black () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Ilyenko. It stars Larisa Kadochnikova, Oleg Polstvin, and Mykhailo Illienko.


The Battle of Kerzhenets

The Battle of Kerzhenets () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Yuri Norstein.

Cheburashka (1971 movie)

Cheburashka () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.


The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers

The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers () is a 1971 Soviet action movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Viktor Kosykh, Valentina Kurdyukova, and Vasiliy Vasilev.


Drama from Ancient Life

Drama from Ancient Life () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh. It stars Yelena Solovey, Anatoly Yegorov, and Yevgeny Perov.


Find me, Lyonya!

Find me, Lyonya! () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Anna Aleksakhina, Larisa Baranova, and Viktor Chekmaryov.


Gentlemen of Fortune

Gentlemen of Fortune () is a 1971 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Sery. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Georgy Vitsin, and Savely Kramarov.


Grandads-Robbers

Grandads-Robbers () is a 1972 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, and Olga Aroseva.


King Lear (1971 USSR movie)

King Lear () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Jüri Järvet, Elza Radziņa, and Galina Volchek. The movie is based on William Shakespeare's play "King Lear".


The Long Farewell

The Long Farewell () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Kira Muratova. It stars Zinaida Sharko, Oleg Vladimirsky, and Yuri Kayurov.


Losharik

Losharik () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ufimtsev.

A Man Before His Time

A Man Before His Time () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Igor Kvasha, Anastasiya Vertinskaya, and Aleksandr Kalyagin.


Officers (movie)

Officers () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Vasily Lanovoy, and Alina Pokrovskaya.


Oh, That Nastya!

Oh, That Nastya! () is a 1971 Soviet family movie directed by Yuri Pobedonostsev. It stars Irina Volkova, Tatyana Nevskaya, and Sergei Kuskov.


Property of the Republic

Property of the Republic () is a 1971 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Bychkov. It stars Oleg Tabakov, Andrei Mironov, and Vitya Galkin.


Shadow (1971 movie)

Shadow () is a 1971 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Oleg Dal, Konstantin Adashevsky, and Vladimir Etush.


A Soldier Came Back from the Front

A Soldier Came Back from the Front () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Gubenko. It stars Mikhail Gluzskiy, Irina Miroshnichenko, and Nikolay Gubenko.


Telegram (movie)

Telegram () is a 1971 Soviet adventure movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Nina Arkhipova, Elya Baskin, and Yuri Nikulin.


Treasure Island (1971 movie)

Treasure Island () is a 1971 Soviet adventure movie directed by Yevgeni Fridman.


The Twelve Chairs (1971 movie)

The Twelve Chairs () is a 1971 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Archil Gomiashvili, Sergey Filippov, and Mikhail Pugovkin.


Trial on the Road

Trial on the Road () is a 1971 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksey German. It stars Rolan Bykov, Anatoly Solonitsyn, and Vladimir Zamansky.


Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit

Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Fyodor Khitruk.


Yegor Bulychyov and Others

Yegor Bulychyov and Others () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Solovyov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Maya Bulgakova, and Yekaterina Vasilyeva.


You and Me (1971 movie)

You and Me () is a 1971 Soviet movie directed by Larisa Shepitko.


Ilf and Petrov Rode a Tram

Ilf and Petrov Rode a Tram () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Titov. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Vladimir Basov, and Svetlana Starikova.


Big School-Break

Big School-Break () is a 1972 Soviet movie directed by Aleksei Korenev. It stars Mikhail Kononov, Yevgeny Leonov, and Rolan Bykov.


Chipollino (movie)

Chipollino () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Tamara Lisitsian. It stars Gianni Rodari, Aleksandr Yelistratov, and Vladimir Basov.


Commander of the Lucky 'Pike'

Commander of the Lucky 'Pike' () is a 1972 Soviet war movie directed by Boris Volchek. It stars Pyotr Velyaminov, Donatas Banionis, and Elena Dobronravova.


Crank from 5th B

Crank from 5th B () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Andrei Voynovsky, Roza Agisheva, and Tatyana Pelttser.


The Dawns Here Are Quiet

The Dawns Here Are Quiet () is a 1972 Soviet war drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Andrey Martynov, Yelena Drapeko, and Yekaterina Markova.


Farewell to St. Petersburg (movie)

Farewell to St. Petersburg () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Girt Yakovlev, Tatyana Bedova, and Tatyana Piletskaya.


The Fourth (1972 movie)

The Fourth () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Margarita Terekhova, and Sergey Shakurov.

The Golden Horns

The Golden Horns () is a 1973 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Raisa Ryazanova, Volodya Belov, and Ira Tchigrinova.


Grandmaster (1972 movie)

Grandmaster () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Mikaelyan. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Viktor Korchnoi, and Larisa Malevannaya.


Happy Go Lucky (1972 movie)

Happy Go Lucky () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vasily Shukshin, Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina, and Vsevolod Sanayev.


Finite impulse response

Finite impulse response is a method to obtain the response or the output of signal whose response comes in finite time.

The Headless Horseman (1972 movie)

The Headless Horseman () is a 1972 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vaynshtok. It stars Oleg Vidov, Ludmila Savelyeva, and Eslinda Núñez.


Hello and Goodbye (1972 movie)

Hello and Goodbye () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaliy Melnikov. It stars Lyudmila Zaytseva, Oleg Efremov, and Mikhail Kononov.


Hot Snow (movie)

Hot Snow () is a 1972 Soviet war movie directed by Gabriel Yegiazarov. It stars Yuri Nazarov, Boris Tokarev, and Anatoly Kuznetsov.


The Last Day (1972 movie)

The Last Day () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Ulyanov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Vyacheslav Nevinny, and Igor Kashintsev.


The Love of Mankind

The Love of Mankind () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Anatoliy Solonitsyn, Lyubov Virolaynen, and Tamara Makarova.


A Man at His Place

A Man at His Place () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Vladimir Menshov, Anastasiya Vertinskaya, and Armen Dzhigarkhanyan.


Monologue (movie)

Monologue () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh. It stars Mikhail Gluzsky, Margarita Terekhova, and Marina Neyolova.


Point, Point, Comma...

Point, Point, Comma... () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Alexander Mitta. It stars Sergei Danchenko, Mikhail Kozlovsky, and Olga Ryzhnikova.


Privalov's Millions

Privalov's Millions () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Yaropolk Lapshin. It stars Leonid Kulagin, Lyudmila Chursina, and Vladislav Strzhelchik.


Racers (movie)

Racers () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Maslennikov. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Oleg Yankovsky, and Georgiy Burkov.

Ruslan and Ludmila (movie)

Ruslan and Ludmila () is a 1972 Soviet fantasy-adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Valeri Kozinets, Natalya Petrova, and Vladimir Fyodorov.


Russian Field

Russian Field () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Moskalenko. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Vladimir Tikhonov, and Leonid Markov.


The Stationmaster (1972 movie)

The Stationmaster () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Solovyov. It stars Nikolai Pastukhov, Marianna Kushnerova, and Nikita Mikhalkov. The movie is based on the 1831 short story of the same name by Alexander Pushkin.


Solaris (1972 movie)

Solaris () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky. It stars Donatas Banionis, Raimundas Banionis, and Natalya Bondarchuk.


Taming of the Fire

Taming of the Fire () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Daniil Khrabrovitsky. It stars Kirill Lavrov, Ada Rogovtseva, and Igor Gorbachev.


A Teacher of Singing

A Teacher of Singing () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Naum Birman. It stars Andrei Popov, Irina Alfyorova, and Igor Bogdanov.


Train Stop – Two Minutes

Train Stop – Two Minutes () is a 1972 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Mark Zakharov and Aleksandr Orlov. It stars Yuri Belov, Oleg Vidov, and Valentina Telichkina.


Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day

Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day () is a 1972 Soviet animated movie directed by Fyodor Khitruk and Gennady Sokolsky.


The Bad Good Man

The Bad Good Man () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Oleg Dahl, Vladimir Vysotsky, and Lyudmila Maksakova.


Legler's stream frog

Legler's stream frog ("Ptychohyla legleri") is a frog. It lives in Costa Rica and Panama. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the Sierra de Talamanca mountains. People have seen this frog between 880 and 1600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests.

Olivia Baril

Olivia Baril (born 10 October 1997) is a Canadian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team Valcar–Travel & Service.

Baril had her first professional victory in 2022 winning the Spanish race Gran Premio Ciudad Eibar, winning the sprint of Ane Santesteban. Baril competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Failure of Engineer Garin

Failure of Engineer Garin () is a 1973 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It stars Oleg Borisov, Aleksandr Belyavskiy, and Vasili Korzun.


Hopelessly Lost

Hopelessly Lost () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Roman Madyanov, Vladimir Basov, and Feliks Imokuede. The movie is based on Mark Twain's 1884 novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.


Incorrigible Liar

Incorrigible Liar () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Georgy Vitsin, Inna Makarova, and Nikolai Prokopovich.


Ivan Vasilievich: Back to the Future

Ivan Vasilievich: Back to the Future () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yury Yakovlev, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Aleksandr Demyanenko.


Looking for a Man

Looking for a Man () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Bogin. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Rimma Manukovskaya, and Eleonora Aleksandrova.


Matters of the Heart (1973 movie)

Matters of the Heart () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Azhdar Ibragimov. It stars Antonina Shuranova, Ekaterina Markova, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Much Ado About Nothing (1973 movie)

Much Ado About Nothing () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Galina Jovovich, Konstantin Raikin, and Tatyana Vedeneyeva. The movie is based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name.


This Merry Planet

This Merry Planet () is a 1973 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Yuri Saakov and Yuri Tsvetkov. It stars , Leonid Kuravlyov, and Yekaterina Vasilyeva.


No Return (1973 movie)

No Return () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksei Saltykov. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Vladislav Dvorzhetsky, and Olga Prokhorova.


The Nutcracker (1973 movie)

The Nutcracker () is a 1973 Soviet animated movie directed by Boris Stepantsev.

Gaia Masetti

Gaia Masetti (born 26 October 2001) is an Italian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team AG Insurance–NXTG.

Masetti finished on the podium at the 2022 Dwars door de Westhoek. She rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Karakul (Tajikistan)

The Karakul crater is in Tajikistan. It left a diameter lake in a big impact crater. The lake is higher than Lake Titicaca. 

The impact was about 25 million years ago, leaving a crater with a rim diameter of 45 kilometers (28 miles).

Old Walls

Old Walls () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Tregubovich. It stars Lyudmila Gurchenko, Armen Dzhigarkhanyan, and Yevgeniya Sabelnikova.


Sea Cadet of Northern Fleet

Sea Cadet of Northern Fleet () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy. It stars Algis Arlauskas, Marat Serazhetdinov, and Igor Sklyar.

Seventeen Moments of Spring

Seventeen Moments of Spring () is a 1973 Soviet movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev, and Lev Durov.


Talents and Admirers (movie)

Talents and Admirers () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Svetlana Pelikhovskaya, Olga Khorkova, and Leonid Gubanov.


The Silence of Dr. Evans

The Silence of Dr. Evans () is a 1973 Soviet movie directed by Budimir Metalnikov.


Stepmom (1973 movie)

Stepmom () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Oleg Bondaryov. It stars Tatiana Doronina, Leonid Nevedomsky, and Lena Kostereva.


Only &quot;Old Men&quot; Are Going Into Battle

Only "Old Men" Are Going Into Battle () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Bykov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Sergey Podgorny, and Sergei Ivanov.


On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians

On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians () is a 1973 Soviet animated movie directed by Vasily Livanov.


The Twelve Months (1972 movie)

The Twelve Months () is a 1973 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Anatoliy Granik. It stars Natalya Popova, Marina Maltseva, and Olga Wiklandt. The movie is based on the play by Samuil Marshak with the same name.


Vanyushin's Children

Vanyushin's Children () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Boris Andreyev, Nina Zorskaya, and Aleksandr Kaydanovsky.


With You and Without You

With You and Without You () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Rodion Nakhapetov. It stars Marina Neyolova, Juozas Budraitis, and Stanislav Borodokin.


Adventures in a City that does not Exist

Adventures in a City that does not Exist () is a 1974 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Leonid Nechayev. It stars Evgeny Goryachev, Igor Anisimov, and Vyacheslav Baranov.


Autumn (1974 movie)

Autumn () is a 1974 Soviet movie directed by Andrei Smirnov. It stars Natalya Rudnaya, Leonid Kulagin, and Natalya Gundareva.

Birds over the City

Birds over the City () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Nikonenko. It stars Mikhail Gluzsky, Andrey Gluzsky, and Igor Merkulov.


Car, Violin and Blot the Dog

Car, Violin and Blot the Dog () is a 1974 Soviet family movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Oleg Anofriev, Rolan Bykov, and Georgiy Vitsin.


Daughters-Mothers

Daughters-Mothers () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Innokentiy Smoktunovsky, Tamara Makarova, and Sergey Gerasimov.


Day of Admittance on Personal Matters

Day of Admittance on Personal Matters () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Solomon Shuster. It stars Anatoly Papanov, Oleg Zhakov, and Zinaida Sharko.

Alison Avoine

Alison Avoine (born 5 January 2000) is a French professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team St. Michel–Auber93.

She rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. 

Wigwam

A wigwam, wickiup, wetu (Wampanoag), or wiigiwaam (Ojibwe) was a type of home for Native Americans. The homes were often shaped like domes and were round. It is different than a longhouse or tipi. Wigwams were common in the Northeastern Woodlands. They were also in the Southeastern Woodlands and the Western United States. Wood was used for the frames. Materials to make roofs included bark, hides, grass, brush, rushes, mats, reeds, or cloth. The homes were good against many types of weather conditions. Wigwams were built by bending young trees and placing them along a circle. Different native groups had different names for the wigwam. "Wigwam" was used in the Northeastern Woodlands. The term "wickiup" was used in the Southeast and Western regions. 

Longhouse

A longhouse or long house is a type of building in several cultures. It is usually for many people living together. Many buildings were made out of wood. Some used wood and stone. They were for long-term usage and not for people who moved around a lot. The longhouse was in Asia, Europe and North America. Native Americans built longhouses.

In Europe, they were in countries or regions like England, Germany and Scandinavia in the Middle Ages. The Dartmoor longhouse is an example from England. Old Frisian longhouse was form the Netherlands. Longhouses were common in northern regions of Germany. Vikings lived in longhouses. Longhouses were important during the Neolithic period and Bronze Age in Central Europe.

The Iroquois tribes are known for living in large longhouses. Another name for Iroquois, Haudenosaunee means "People of the Longhouses". They lived in the Northeastern Woodlands. Bark was woven around poles. Wood was bent to make round-shaped roofs. There was usually a fireplace in the center and holes to let smoke out. Doors were covered with animal skin to keep people warm. Up to 20 families lived in these longhouses. 

The Iroquois Confederacy (Haudenosaunee) was made of the Seneca, Cayuga, Onondaga, Oneida and Mohawk tribes. Lenni Lenape and Powhatan tribes also built and lived in longhouses. Indigenous People of the Pacific Northwest of North America also built some form of longhouses. They used logs to built the longhouses. They often used cedar. There were booths with multiple fires. There was a hallway along the middle of the longhouse. The front of the longhouse had decoration with faces and animals. There was also a usually a Totem poll. 

Tribes in the Pacific Northwest included Haida, Tsimshian, Tlingit, Makah, Clatsop, Coast Salish and Multnomah.

There were also longhouses in South America in Colombia and parts of Brazil. 

There were longhouses in Korea during the Mumun pottery period from 1100-850 BC. Longhouses were also built in Borneo, Indonesia. Siberut, part of the Mentawai Islands, Vietnam and Nepal.

Djado

Djado is a ghost town in Bilma in Niger. The settlement lies on the Djado Plateau. The settlement likely wasn't called Djado. The site is in a location that is quite remote, and no excavation has been done, so the real name of the settlement is unknown.

The former Djado is located in an oasis, in the northeastern part of Ténéré desert. Ténéré desert is considered part of the Sahara. It is located on the southeastern end of the Djado plateau. There's also a modern-day commune called Djado (with no inhabitants). The modern-day commune also comprises the Menfueni plateau and the Thchigai plateau. Modern-day Djado is the northernmost and easternost commune in Niger. To the north, it borders Algeria and Libya, to the east, it lies on the border to Tchad. Neighboing communes in Niger are Dirkou to the south, Fachi to the southeast, and Iférouane to the west.

There are three villages in the commune: Chirfa, Séguédine and Yaba. In addition, there are the nomad camps of Djado and Tchounouk, as well as military camps. The main settlement is the village Chirfa.

The ruins of Djado are on top of rocky cliffs. At the bottom of these cliffs are subterranean ponds, which also serve as an ideal breedng ground for mosquitoes. Dpeending on the season, some of these ponds almost dry up completely. From the cliffs, the Kaouar valley can be reached. There's a desert made of pebbles, to the west, beyond lie the Aïr mountains.

According to the tradition of the local Kanuri , the Sao founded Djado. They also founded other places, such as Tedjerhe in southern Fessan. Tedjerje is the oldest known setltement in of the Kaouar. It was the most important city culture of the Kotoko south of Lake Tchad. The ruins lookslike those of a city. Their modern-day name links them to Djado in Nafusa Mountains, southwest of Tripolis.

These two characteristics seem to point to a people that was sessile, but the current population of the region is mostly nomadic. The people who inhabited Djado had these points in common with Berber people.

Djado was part of the kingom of Sayfema of Kanem-Bornu at least since the reign of Dunama Dibalemi (1203–1243). Fr part of the time, they were independent, but they re-joined the empire of Idris Alauma (1564–1596). Idris Alauma moved through the desert, from Fachi to Bilma , south of Djado.

As the power of the Bomu empire decreased, the people of the oasis were exposed to several raids of the Touareg, in the 18th and 19th century. They started to leave the place, and settled in Kaouar. Another reason might be that cattle herding in the region also introduced mosquitoes that spread malaria. In 1860, about 1000 Kanuri are said to have been left. In the middle of the 20th century, only a few Kanuri and Toubou were left. They mostly lived form gerowing dates, and harvesting salt.

The military outpost Madama was created in 1930, when Niger was a French colony. In 1988. Rallye Sakar passed through Djado.

In 2014, gold was discovered, which attracted up to 20.000 people from Niger, Chad, Libya and Sudan. Because there were many heavily-armed foreigers, and working conditions were very bad, Moussa Hassane Barazé, the responsible minister for mining operations, ordered the mines to be closed in 2017.

At the count of 2012, 876 people lived in the commune, in 168 households. In 2001, the count had been 936 people in 202 households.In the main village, there were 2088 people in 63 households, at the 2012 count; In 2001, 208 people in 45 households, and in 1998, 260 people in 74 households.

When it comes to harvesting, there are Tubu the area near the ghost town. In the eastern part of the commune, the language Tedaga , as well as Lybian Arabic are spoken. On the Algerian border, Tahaggart, a Tuareg language, is common.


Brenda Beers

Brenda Beers (born 1996) is a Dutch softball player. She is member of Olympia Haarlem and the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Damishah Charles

Damishah Charles (born 15 October 1997) is a Sint Maarten-born Dutch softball player.

She started playing softball in Enschede from a young age. In 2021 played with the softball club of Morgan State University in the United States where she studied. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she finished fourth at the World Championships. She became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

In 2021 Charles was officialy decorated by Edison Rijna of Bonaire.

Stealthing

When a man removes a condom during sexual intercourse in order to get her pregnant, or when a woman removes a man's condom in order to frame him as a rapist. but his partner has not agreed, this is called stealthing, or non-consensual condom removal. His partner has only agreed to sex with a condom. The risks are the same as having sex without a condom, there may be unwanted pregnancies, as well as the problem of sexually transmitted infections. In many countries, this behaviour is viewed as sexual assault or rape, and punished accordingly. As of 2020, stealthing is punishable as a form of sexual violence in some countries, such as Germany and the United Kingdom.

Damaging a condom on purpose, before or during its use is sometiemes also called stealthing; this is independent on who damaged the condom. 

Removing or damaging a condom during sex increases the risks of unintended pregnancy and the transmission of sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Victims may feel betrayal and many victims see it as a "grave violation of dignity and autonomy". Many may also experience emotional and psychological distress, especially those who have experienced sexual violence in the past.

Lizzie Clarijs

Lizzie Clarijs (born 1996) is a Dutch softball player. After playing with Terrasvogels she moved to Tex Town Tigers in 2021, playing in the Golden League, the highest division in the Netherlands. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Charlotte Drijvers

Charlotte Drijvers (born 1999) is a Dutch softball player from Zaltbommel. She plays as a catcher. In the Dutch higest league she plays with Roef! and she plays in the summer period in the United States. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Her sister Sietske Drijvers is also a softball player.

2022 Kenyan general election

General elections were held in Kenya on 9 August 2022. Voters elected the President, members of the National Assembly and Senate, county governors of Kenya and members of the 47 county assemblies of Kenya. William Ruto was elected President of Kenya, defeating Raila Odinga.

Lisa Hop

Lisa Hop (born 19 October 1998) is a Dutch softball pitcher. Hop plays with Olympia Haarlem in the highest Dutch league. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. At the World Championships in Japan she was a member of the team, but didn't play. She made her international debut on 18 September 2018. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Annemiek Jansen

Annemiek Jansen (born 26 September 1996) is a Dutch softball player. In 2018 she went with the under-22 national team to the European Championships. She plays with the Tex Town Tigers in the highest Dutch national league. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Lindsey Meadows

Lindsey Meadows (born 15 December 1982) is an American born Dutch softball player. She plays in the Dutch league with Tex Town Tigers. After playing her 400th match in the Dutch league she was decorated with the softball federation insignia. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team since June 2010. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Meadows studied at the Louisiana Tech University, holding a Bachelors Degree in sociology.

Rochefourchat

Rochefourchat () is a commune in the Drôme department, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, southeastern France. Today, the commune consists of only one inhabited house. There also is a church, Saint Pierre's Church, a converted barn, and the ruins of a castle. The nearest communes are Saint-Nazaire-le-Désert, Les Tonils, Pradelle, and Brette.s}. Saint-Nazaire-le-Desert is about away.

Die is about away, Montélimar about .

The closest primary school is in Saint-Nazaire-le-Désert.

In 1178, the castle of Rocha Forcha was built by the bishops of the arrondissement of Die as a stronghold against the Holy Roman Emperors. It belonged to French lords until the year 1766. The last one, Lord Rey de Noinville, died that year. In 1796, a French trader, Pierre Jossaud bought the land surrounding the castle and renamed it Rochefourchat. The commune has been passed down through Jossaud's family.

There is only one permanent inhabitant. There are six communes in France where no one lives; these were destroyed or abandoned during the First World War. They were left, so that people would remember the events.


When the Heartache Is Over

"When the Heartache Is Over" is a song by American artist Tina Turner and is the leading song from her tenth and final album "Twenty Four Seven". It was a moderate hit and peaking at number 10 in the United Kingdom. It was a big hit in Finland where it went to number 1.

Marjolein Merkx

Marjolein Merkx (born 13 September 1992) is a Dutch softball player from Rosmalen. She became with her club Roef! Dutch national champion in 2019. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. She competed at the 2018 World Championships. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

After a study Business Administration she studied Marketing Management at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam.

Dinet Oosting

Dinet Oosting (born 15 May 1991) is a Dutch softball player from Veendam. In 2021 she played her 400th match in the Dutch national league. She is the nineteenth ever Dutch women who have reached this. She was decorated for this by the national federation. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship where she was one of the important players in the final.

Dinet now studies criminology at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. Her successes here are unknown.

Abenaki

Abenaki (also spelled as Abnaki or Wabanaki) are Native American people group from the Northeast Woodlands. The group is part of the Algonquian language group. The group was also a member of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The people are broken into two language groups. They are the Eastern and Western Abenaki Language group. The eastern language was in New Brunswick and Maine. The western language was in Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and southern Quebec. The name Abenaki means "People of the Dawn Land" in the Abenaki language. Today the US government recognizes several tribes connected to the Abenaki.

Large confederacies like the Iroquois wanted to take over Abenaki land. Agriculture helped the Abenaki to become more powerful and resist such attacks.

The Abenaki had contact with French and English colonists in the 17th century. They got involved in the fur trade and often allied with the French. Soon they had to move out of their lands to Quebec. This was because there was tension with Colonists. There was also disease that made the Abenaki population smaller. The Abenaki lost several wars and had to move to Quebec in Canada.

The Abenaki were made of small groups of people. Small family groups were led by a chief. The chief helped the group make decisions that the majority could accept. There was also a chief for war. The groups also tried to develop relations with other groups and tribes. Groups usually met in the spring and summer. In the society, descendants were based on the father's side (partrilineal).

Telling stories was part of the culture. People told stories from one generation to the next. Storytelling was also a way to teach children how to act.

The people had different types of foods and goods. Tribe members went fishing and hunting. They also grew special plants and collected wild plants for food. The Three Sisters squash, corn and beans were also eaten. They often used plants for medical problems.

Most Abenaki lived in wigwams. These were dome-shaped homes. They also used canoes for travel.

The Abenaki had a particular mythology. They beloved in several gods. Gici Niwaskw was the highest god. This god created the world and brought sound and color. The god also had the title of Niwaskowôgan. This means the Great Spirit. According to the myth, there were three ages after creation. The ages are different based on how humans and animals relate to each other.

Mount Royal

Mount Royal (, ) is a small volcano in the city of Montreal. The name of the city may come from the name of this hill.

This volcano is part of the Monteregian Hills, between the Lauretians and Appalachian Mountains, The hill has three peaks: Colline de la Croix, Colline d'Outremont and Westmount Summit, Colline de la Croix is an active caldera.


The Wreckers

The Wreckers is an American country music duo formed in 2005.


Goaway and Twobriefcases

Goaway and Twobriefcases () is a 1974 Soviet movie directed by Eduard Gavrilov. It stars Andrei Kondratyev, Ekaterina Kuznetsova, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


A Great Space Voyage

A Great Space Voyage () is a 1975 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Valentin Selivanov. It stars Ludmila Berlinskaya, Sergei Obrazov, and Igor Sakharov.


At Home Among Strangers

At Home Among Strangers () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikita Mikhalkov. It stars Yuri Bogatyryov, Anatoly Solonitsyn, and Alexander Kaidanovsky.


Earthly Love

Earthy Love () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Matveyev. It stars Yevgeny Matveyev, Zinaida Kiriyenko, and Yury Yakovlev.


It Is Not Evening Yet

It Is Not Evening Yet () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Rozantsev. It stars Inna Makarova, Kirill Lavrov, and Rita Gladunko.


Ivan and Marya

Ivan and Marya () is a 1974 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Boris Rytsarev. It stars Ivan Bortnik, Tatyana Livanova, and Ivan Ryzhov.


Ksenia, Fedor's Beloved Wife

Ksenia, Fedor's Beloved Wife () is a 1974 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaliy Melnikov. It stars Alla Meshcheryakova, Stanislav Lyubshin, and Lev Durov.


Long-Haired Wonder

Long-Haired Wonder () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Titov. It stars Irina Mazurkevich, Anna Zharova, and Igor Yasulovich.


A Lover's Romance

A Lover's Romance () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It stars Yevgeny Kindinov, Yelena Koreneva, and Irina Kupchenko.


Moscow-Cassiopeia

Moscow-Cassiopeia () is a 1974 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Richard Viktorov.


Moscow, My Love

Moscow, My Love () is a 1974 Soviet-Japanese movie directed by Aleksandr Mitta and Kenji Yoshida. It stars Komaki Kurihara, Oleg Vidov, and Valentin Gaft.


One Hundred Days After Childhood

One Hundred Days After Childhood () is a 1974 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Solovyov. It stars Boris Tokarev, Tatyana Drubich, and Irina Malysheva.


The Red Snowball Tree

The Red Snowball Tree () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vasili Shukshin, Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina, and Ivan Ryzhov.


The Land of Sannikov

The Land of Sannikov () is a 1974 Soviet adventure movie directed by Albert Mkrtchyan and Leonid Popov. It stars Vladislav Dvorzhetsky, Oleg Dahl, and Yuriy Nazarov.


Shapoklyak (movie)

Shapoklyak () is a 1974 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.


Tsarevich Prosha

Tsarevich Prosha () is a 1974 Soviet family movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Sergey Martynov, Valeriy Zolotukhin, and Tatyana Shestakova.


Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia

Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia () is a 1974 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and Franco Prosperi. It stars Andrei Mironov, Ninetto Davoli, and Antonia Santilli.


Woodpeckers Don't Get Headaches

Woodpeckers Don't Get Headaches () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Dinara Asanova and stars Sasha Zhezlyaev, Elena Tsyplakova, and Aleksandr Bogdanov.


Afonya

Afonya () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and stars Leonid Kuravlev, Yevgeniya Simonova, and Yevgeny Leonov.


Anna Karenina (1975 movie)

Anna Karenina () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Margarita Pilikhina and stars Maya Plisetskaya, Alexander Godunov, and Nina Sorokina.

At the World's Limit

At the World's Limit () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Rodion Nahapetov and stars Vera Glagoleva, Vadim Mikheyenko, and Boris Andreyev.

Bonus (movie)

Bonus () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Mikaelyan and stars Yevgeny Leonov, Vladimir Samoilov, and Oleg Yankovsky.


Captain Nemo (miniseries)

Captain Nemo () is a 1975 Soviet three-part television miniseries directed by Vasily Levin and stars Vladislav Dvorzhetsky, Yuri Rodionov, and Mikhail Kononov.


The Captivating Star of Happiness

The Captivating Star of Happiness () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Motyl.


The Arrows of Robin Hood

The Arrows of Robin Hood () is a 1975 Soviet adventure movie directed by Sergei Tarasov and stars Boris Khmelnitsky, Regīna Razuma, and Vija Artmane.


Dersu Uzala (1975 movie)

Dersu Uzala () is a 1975 Soviet-Japanese drama movie directed by Akira Kurosawa and stars Yury Solomin, Maxim Munzuk, and Vladimir Kremena. It won an Academy Award in 1976.


Diary of a School Director

Diary of a School Director () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Frumin and stars Oleg Borisov, Iya Savvina, and Alla Pokrovskaya.


Eleven Hopes

Eleven Hopes () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Sadovsky and stars Anatoly Papanov, Lyubov Virolaynen, and Yuriy Demich.


The Flight of Mr. McKinley

The Flight of Mr. McKinley () is a 1975 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Mikhail Schweitzer and stars Donatas Banionis, Zhanna Bolotova, and Angelina Stepanova.


Red Skies

"Red Skies" is a 1982 song by English new wave band the Fixx and is the third single from their debut studio album "Shuttered Room". It was re-recorded for their live album "React" in 1987.

From Dawn Till Sunset

From Dawn Till Sunset () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Gavriil Egiazarov and stars Nikolai Pastukhov, Igor Ledogorov, and Lyubov Sokolova.


Front Without Flanks

Front Without Flanks () is a 1975 Soviet war drama movie directed by Igor Gostev and stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Oleg Zhakov, and Aleksandr Denisov.


For the Rest of His Life

For the Rest of His Life () is a 1975 Soviet TV mini-series directed by Pyotr Fomenko and stars Alexey Eybozhenko, Ernst Romanov, and Lyudmila Arinina.


Hedgehog in the Fog

Hedgehog in the Fog () is a 1975 Soviet animated movie directed by Yuri Norstein.

Hello, I'm Your Aunt!

Hello, I'm Your Aunt! () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Titov and stars Alexander Kalyagin, Tamara Nosova, and Tatyana Vedeneyeva.


The Irony of Fate

The Irony of Fate () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and stars Andrey Myagkov, Barbara Brylska, and Yury Yakovlev.


Children of the World

Children of the World is a studio album by the English band, The Bee Gees. It was released on 13 September 1976. It peaked at number 8 in the United States.

All tracks written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb, except where noted.

Don Gehrmann

Donald Arthur Gehrmann (November 16, 1927 – July 23, 2022) was an American middle-distance runner. He competed in the 1500 m final at the 1948 Summer Olympics and came in eighth place. Gehrmann was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Gehrmann died on July 23, 2022 at the age of 94.

Jean Bobet

Jean Bobet (22 February 1930 – 29 July 2022) was a French road bicycle racer. He was the younger brother of Louison Bobet. He won the world students' championship as an amateur. He later won as a professional, Paris–Nice in 1955, Genoa–Nice in 1956 and the Circuit du Morbihan in 1953. He came third in Milan–San Remo in 1953. Bobet was born in Saint-Méen-le-Grand, France.

Bobet died on 29 July 2022, aged 92.

Saint-Méen-le-Grand

Saint-Méen-le-Grand (; ; Gallo: "Saent-Men") is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.

It Can't Be!

It Can't Be! () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai and stars Mikhail Pugovkin, Nina Grebeshkova, and Vyacheslav Nevinny.


I Want the Floor

I Want the Floor () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Gleb Panfilov and stars Inna Churikova, Nikolai Gubenko, and Ekaterina Volkova.


The Last Victim (1975 movie)

The Last Victim () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Pyotr Todorovsky and stars Margarita Volodina, Oleg Strizhenov, and Mikhail Gluzsky.


The Lost Expedition

The Lost Expedition () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Venyamin Dorman and stars Viktor Sergachyov, Yevgeniya Simonova, and Nikolay Gorlov.


Mirror (1975 movie)

Mirror () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and stars Filipp Yankovsky, Ignat Daniltsev, and Innokenty Smoktunovsky.


New Year Adventures of Masha and Vitya

New Year Adventures of Masha and Vitya () is a 1975 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Igor Usov and Gennadi Kazansky and stars Natasha Simonova, Yura Nakhratov, and Igor Efimov.


Chile national rugby union team

The Chilean national rugby union team (Spanish: "Selección de rugby de Chile") is a third tier rugby union from Chile. They have qualified for the 2023 Rugby World Cup for the first time. They are ranked 22nd position the highest in their history in the Rugby World Rankings as of July 2022.

Gypsies Are Found Near Heaven

Gypsies Are Found Near Heaven () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Emil Loteanu and stars Svetlana Toma, Grigore Grigoriu, and Barasbi Mulayev.


Yitzchok Tuvia Weiss

Rabbi Yitzchok Tuvia Weiss (26 August 1926 – 29 July 2022) was the Chief Rabbi, or "Gaavad" ("Gaon Av Beis Din"), of Jerusalem for the Edah HaChareidis from 2004 until his death. Rabbi Weiss was a British national.

Weiss died on 29 July 2022 in Israel at the age of 95.

Vadim Bakatin

Vadim Viktorovich Bakatin (; 6 November 1937 – 31 July 2022) was a Russian politician. He was the last chairman of the KGB in 1991. due to political reasons. He was the Minister of Interior of the Soviet Union before, from 1988 to 1990. He ran for President of Russia in the 1991 election. Bakatin was born in Kiselyovsk, Kemerovo Oblast, Soviet Union.

Bakatin died on 31 July 2022 at a hospital in Moscow, Russia at the age of 84.

Vasile Silvian Ciupercă

Vasile Silvian Ciupercă (14 July 1949 – 31 July 2022) was a Romanian politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2004. 

Ciupercă died on 31 July 2022 in Bucharest, Romania at the age of 73.

Hubertus Leteng

Hubertus Leteng (; 1 January 1959 – 31 July 2022) was an Indonesian Roman Catholic bishop. He was the Bishop of Ruteng from 2010 to October 2017. He resigned because of scandals about theft and of having a mistress. Leteng was born in Ruteng, Indonesia.

Leteng died on 31 July 2022 in Bandung, Indonesia of a heart attack at the age of 63.

Other People's Letters

Other People's Letters () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh and stars Irina Kupchenko, Svetlana Smirnova, and Sergei Kovalenkov.


Rikki-Tikki-Tavi (1975 movie)

Rikki-Tikki-Tavi () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Nana Kldiashvili and Aleksandr Zguridi and stars Igor Alekseyev, Vera Altayskaya, and Aleksey Batalov.

Step Forward (movie)

Step Forward () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Naum Birman and stars Lyudmila Gurchenko, Nikolay Volkov Jr., and Yelena Anderegg.


Take Aim

Take Aim () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin and stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Georgiy Zhzhonov, and Nikolai Volkov.


Teens in the Universe

Teens in the Universe () is a 1975 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Richard Viktorov and stars Innokenti Smoktunovsky, Lev Durov, and Yuri Medvedev.


They Fought for Their Country

They Fought for Their Country () is a 1975 Soviet war movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk and stars Vasily Shukshin, Vyacheslav Tikhonov, and Sergei Bondarchuk. The movie is based on the eponymous novel written by Mikhail Sholokhov


Town People

Town People () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy and stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Marina Dyuzheva, and Mikhail Vaskov.


Upright Magic

Upright Magic () is a 1975 Soviet comedy-fantasy movie directed by Yuri Pobedonostsev and stars I. Fominskaya, Yuri Minin, and Elena Sanaeva.

We Didn't Learn This

We Didn't Learn This () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Frez and stars Natalya Rychagova, Boris Tokarev, and Tatyana Kanaeva.


...And Other Officials

...And Other Officials () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Aranovich and stars Lev Durov, Aleksandr Galibin, and Anatoly Grachyov.


Adobe Lightroom

Adobe Lightroom (officially Adobe Photoshop Lightroom) is Adobe graphics program for working with digital photos. It can be used for "manifesting" "digital negatives" (DNG, RAW data formats), retouching photos and organizing their catalog.

The first version was introduced in 2007. Version Lightroom Classic (11.4.1) was launched on June 29, 2022.

Adobe Creative Suite

Adobe Creative Suite (CS) is a design package, a set of professional applications for working with computer graphics, documents and web content produced by Adobe. First presented in 2003. The latest version of the package is CS6 (May 7, 2012). Currently discontinued in favor of Adobe Creative Cloud. The Creative Suite packages were deleted from Adobe's online store in 2013, but were still available on their website until January 2017.

The Adventures of Buratino (1975 movie)

The Adventures of Buratino () is a 1975 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Leonid Nechayev and stars Dima Iosifov, Nikolai Grinko, and Yuriy Katin-Yartsev. The movie is an adaptation of the 1883 Italian novel The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi.


Adventures of Captain Wrongel

Adventures of Captain Wrongel () is a 1976 Soviet animation miniseries directed by David Cherkassky.


The Age of Innocence (1976 movie)

The Age of Innocence () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy and stars Vladimir Letenkov, Stanislav Zhdanko, and Leonid Kayurov.


Dave Smith (comedian)

Dave Smith (born April 20, 1982) is an American stand-up comedian, political commentator, and libertarian. He has appeared on Fox News Channel's "Kennedy" and "The Greg Gutfeld Show." He was also seen on CNN's "S.E. Cupp: Unfiltered".

Smith has been seen as a possible candidate for the Libertarian nomination for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

The Beginning of the Legend

The Beginning of the Legend () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Grigoryev and stars Larisa Luzhina, Georgiy Burkov, and Oleg Orlov.


Blue Puppy

Blue Puppy () is a 1976 Soviet animated movie directed by Yefim Gamburg.


The Days of the Turbins (movie)

The Days of the Turbins () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov and stars Andrey Myagkov, Andrei Rostotsky, and Valentina Titova.


Photomath

Photomath is a mobile app described as a "calculator camera" that uses the phone's camera to recognize math equations and display a step-by-step solution on the screen. The app was released in October 2014. In 2016, the app began recognizing handwriting in addition to printed text.

Adriana Barraza

Adriana Barraza González (born 5 March 1956) is a Mexican actress, acting teacher, and director. She is known for her role in "Amores perros" and in "Babel", which earned her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.

QuickTime VR

QuickTime VR (also known as QTVR) is an image file format developed by Apple Inc. for QuickTime. The app was discontinued with QuickTime 7. It allows the creation and viewing of VR photos, and panoramas. It functions as plugins for the QuickTime Player and for the QuickTime Web browser plugin.

Lockland, Ohio

Lockland is a village in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,514 at the 2020 United States Census. Lockland is located in southwest Ohio, north of Cincinnati. Its population has declined since the latter part of the 20th century. 

Wild Wild West

Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk Western movie co-produced and directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and written by S. S. Wilson and Brent Maddock alongside Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman. It is based from the 1960s television series "The Wild Wild West".

It stars Will Smith and Kevin Kline. The movie is about two U.S. Secret Service agents who work together to protect U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant. The movie also stars Kenneth Branagh, Salma Hayek, Ted Levine, and M. Emmet Walsh.

It was released on June 30, 1999 by Warner Bros. and was one of the most expensive movies ever made at the time it was released. "Wild Wild West" was a commercial failure, making only $222.1 million. It had strong negative reviews.

A hip hop song, also titled "Wild Wild West", was a number-one hit on the U.S. pop charts. It also won a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Original Song. The song was performed Will Smith featuring the R&B group Dru Hill and was produced by Rob Fusari. It contains a sample from Stevie Wonder's 1976 hit "I Wish". 

FaceApp

FaceApp is a photo and video editing application for iOS and Android developed by FaceApp Technology Limited. The program is able to realistically change the face in the photo according to the selected parameters: make it older, younger or change gender, hairstyle, add glasses or a smile, using neural networks.

The app has been criticized and accused of supporting racism for lightening the skin color of dark-skinned people and for so-called ethnic filters of "white", "black", "Asian", "Indian". Company founder Yaroslav Goncharov was forced to delete them with apologies.

Barry Sonnenfeld

Barry Sonnenfeld (born April 1, 1953) is an American filmmaker and television director. He is known for director "The Addams Family" (1991) and its sequel "Addams Family Values" (1993), "Get Shorty" (1995), "Men in Black" (1997), "Men in Black II" (2002), "Men in Black III" (2012), and "Wild Wild West" (1999).

Addams Family Values

Addams Family Values is a 1993 American supernatural black comedy movie directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and written by Paul Rudnick. It is based on the characters created by Charles Addams. It is the sequel to "The Addams Family" (1991). It stars Anjelica Huston, Raul Julia, Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Carel Struycken, Jimmy Workman, and Christopher Hart with Joan Cusack. 

It was released on November 19, 1993 to positive reviews and was Julia's last movie before his death in 1994.

Robert Bigelow

Robert Thomas Bigelow (born May 12, 1944) is an American businessman. He owns the hotel chain Budget Suites of America and is the founder of Bigelow Aerospace. Bigelow Aerospace has launched 2 experimental space modules, Genesis I and Genesis II, and has plans to launch full-fledged modules that will be used as orbital hotels (see Bigelow Commercial Space Station), research laboratories and factories.

Bigelow has provided financial support for investigations of UFOs and parapsychological topics.

Tony George

Anton Hulman "Tony" George (born December 30, 1959) is the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Hulman & Company, serving from 1989 to 2009. George also helped bring Formula 1 to Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The first Formula 1 race took place in 2000; a separate circuit was built within the oval for this purpose. In addition to the merits of the track, Tony George also founded the Indy Racing League (IRL) as a competitor to the then IndyCar World Series

Koshi Provincial Assembly

The Koshi Provincial Assembly also known as the Koshi Pradesh Sabha, (Nepali: कोशी प्रदेश सभा) is the unicameral legislature of Koshi Province, one of the seven provinces in Nepal. The assembly is seated at the provincial capital at Biratnagar in Morang District at the District Coordination Committee Office. The assembly has 93 members of whom 56 are elected through first-past-the-post voting and 37 are elected through proportional representation. The term of the assembly is 5 years unless dissolved earlier.

The Provincial Assembly of Province No. 1 (now Koshi Province) is formed under Article 175 of the Constitution of Nepal 2015 which guarantees a provincial legislative for each province in the country. The first provincial elections were conducted for all seven provinces in Nepal and the elections in Province No. 1 was conducted for 93 seats to the assembly. The election resulted in a victory for the CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and CPN (Maoist Centre) alliance which later went on to form a coalition government under Sher Dhan Rai from CPN (UML). The first meeting of the provincial assembly was held on 5 February 2018. Pradeep Kumar Bhandari from CPN (UML) was elected as the first speaker of the provincial assembly, and Saraswoti Pokharel from Maoist Centre as the first deputy speaker of the provincial assembly.

Article 195 of the Constitution of Nepal provides provincial assemblies the power to form special committees in order to manage working procedures.


Mary Kay Ash

Mary Kay Ash (born Mary Kathlyn Wagner; May 12, 1918 – November 22, 2001) was an American businesswoman and founder of Mary Kay Cosmetics, Inc.

Mary Kay Ash (Mary Kathleen Wagner) was born in Hot Wells, Harris County, Texas, USA. Her parents were Edward Alexander and Lula Wember Hastings Wagner. She graduated from Reagan High School in Houston in 1934.

Disappointed when she was passed over for a promotion in favor of a man she was training, Ashe retired in 1963 with the intention of writing a book to help women in business. The book turned into a business plan for her ideal company, and in the summer of 1963, Mary Kay Ash and her new husband, George Hallenbeck planned to launch Mary Kay Cosmetics.

Walter Leighton Clark

Walter Leighton Clark (1859–1935) was an American businessman, inventor, and artist based in Stockbridge, Massachusetts and New York City.

In 1922, together with John Singer Sargent and Edmund Griesen, he created the Painters and Sculptors Gallery Association in New York, the continuation of which was the Grand Central Art Galleries and the Grand Central School of Art located near Grand Central Terminal. The gallery offered American artists the opportunity to exhibit their work in the United States without having to ship it overseas.

People's Socialist Party, Nepal

The People's Socialist Party, Nepal (abbr. PSP-N; ), also known as Janata Samajbadi Party is the fifth largest political party in Nepal. 

Larry Friedland

Lawrence "Larry" Friedland (born 1938/1939) is an American billionaire property developer, particularly known for his ownership of more than 20 buildings on New York City's Madison Avenue.

He owns more than 20 buildings on Madison Avenue in New York, as well as garages, parking lots and two luxury apartment buildings in the city. As of October 2015, Bloomberg published that his half stake in Friedland Properties was $1.5 billion. 

Charles Brandes

Charles H. Brandes is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is a disciple of the Benjamin Graham school of value investing. Brandes Investment Partners, which was started in 1974, currently has over $28.9 billion under management

According to "Forbes", Brandes was worth over US$1.billion as of January 2018.

Jessie van Aalst

Jessie van Aalst (born 25 May 1992) is a Dutch softball player. She plays with Olympica Haarlem. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team since 2012. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Wilkes Land crater

The Wilkes Land mass concentration is one of two possible meteorite impact sites hidden beneath the ice cap of Wilkes Land, East Antarctica. 

Its coordinates are 70°S 120°E. It was first reported at a conference in May 2006 by a team of researchers led by Ralph von Frese and Laramie Potts of Ohio State University. The hypothesis was published in a paper by Weihaupt in 1976.

2022 Indian vice presidential election

An election for Vice-President of India was held on 6 August 2022. The announcement was made by the Election Commission of India. Article 56(1) of the Constitution of India provides that the Vice President of India shall remain in office for a period of five years and held on 6 August 2022. The winner of this election is Jagdeep Dhankhar who replaced Venkaiah Naidu as Vice President of India.

On 16 July 2022, Jagdeep Dhankhar the then serving Governor of West Bengal was nominated as a vice-presidential candidate by the BJP. On 17 July 2022, Margaret Alva was announced as the vice-presidential candidate by the United Progressive Alliance and some non-UPA Parties. Hence, Jagdeep Dhankhar won the election by 528 votes defeating the United Opposition candidate Margaret Alva.

!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" class="unsortable"|
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center|Candidate
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" |Party 
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" |Electoral Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" |% of Votes
! colspan="3" style="text-align:left;"| Total
! style="text-align:right;"| 
! style="text-align:right;"| 

NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award

The Bill Russell NBA finals MVP or most valuable player award goes to the best player in the NBA Finals. The NBA player with most finals MVP is Michael Jordan, LeBron James, and Kevin Durant.

Heartache All Over the World

"Heartache All Over the World" is an upbeat song by Elton John and from his 20th studio album "Leather Jackets". It was one a poorest efforts by Elton John and reached 45 in the United Kingdom and number 55 in the United States. In Australia it fared much better by making number 7 in the charts.

Cigarette Smoking Man

The Cigarette Smoking Man (abbreviated CSM or C-Man) is a fictional character, and one of the main players, in the American science fiction drama television series "The X-Files". 

He serves as the nemesis of FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder. In the show's sixth season, his name is said to be C.G.B. Spender, but Dana Scully suggests this is one of "hundreds of aliases". He is almost always seen chain-smoking Morley cigarettes. In the eleventh season, he reveals his full name is Carl Gerhard Busch.

Although he utters only four audible words in the entire first season of the show, the Smoking Man eventually develops into the series' primary antagonist. In his early appearances he is seen in the offices of Section Chief Scott Blevins and Assistant Director Walter Skinner. They are Mulder and his partner Dana Scully's supervisors. 

An influential man working for the powers that be, Smoking Man is a key member in a government conspiracy unit known only as the Syndicate. They are hiding the truth of alien existence and their plan to colonize Earth. Smoking Man's power and influence remains strong, after most of the Syndicate is destroyed.

The Smoking Man is portrayed by Canadian actor William B. Davis. When Davis first took the role, the character was written as an extra for the pilot episode. He returned for small cameo appearances during the first season, making increasingly more appearances in the seasons that followed. Davis never received an award for his portrayal alone, but he was nominated for ensemble awards.

"TV Guide" included him in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.

The Elder Son (1976 movie)

The Elder Son () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Vitaly Melnikov and stars Yevgeny Leonov, Natalia Egorova, and Vladimir Izotov.


Golden River (movie)

Golden River () is a 1976 Soviet adventure movie directed by Venyamin Dorman and stars Boris Smorchkov, Aleksandr Abdulov, and Aleksandr Kaydanovskiy.


Unintended pregnancy

When women get pregnant, but did not plan to do so, this pregnancy is called an unintended pregnancy. Such pregnancies happen because of bad timing, or they are unwanted at the time of conception.

When people have sex, but do not use contraception, a pregnancy can result. Worldwide, almost half the pregnancies, about 45% of them, are unintended pregnancies. The exact figure varies by geographic region, by level of education, and other socioeconomic factors. Unintended pregnancies may be unwanted pregnancies or mistimed ones. An unintended pregancy is one of the main reasons, why a woman chooses to have an abortion. Depending on the circumstances, a miscarriage can occur. 

Unintended pregnancies may be unwanted pregnancies or mistimed pregnancies. While unintended pregnancies are the main reason for induced abortions, Unintended pregnancies may also have other outcomes, such as live births or miscarriages.

Factors that have an influence are:


Unintended pregnacies also have other problems: Very often, the woman does not seek help with childbirth. It is common that a women get medical attention and counceling during pregnancy, and before the child is born. People who have an unintended pregnancy often do not seek this help.

In the United States in 2011, 42% of all unintended pregnancies ended in abortion, and 58% ended in birth (not including miscarriages). Regardless of the outcome of the pregnancy, unintended pregnancies have significant negative impacts on individual and public health.

Pregnancy, whether intended or unintended, has risks and potential complications. On average, unintended pregnancies that are carried to term result in poorer outcomes for the pregnant woman and for the child than do intended pregnancies.

Ptychohyla dendrophasma

The phantom tree frog ("Ptychohyla dendrophasma") is a frog. It lives in Guatemala, but scientists think it also lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: the northwestern part of the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes, 1270 meters above sea level.

Nanda Kishor Pun

Nanda Kishor Pun (born 23 October 1966) is a Nepalese politician. He is the vice president of Nepal (Nepali: नेपालका उपराष्ट्रपतिहरू, "Nēpālakā uparāṣṭrapatiharū"), the deputy to the head of state of Nepal.

Shangdi

Shangdi (), also written simply, "" (), is a Chinese word for god.

Although the name has shang in it, it is a different word in Chinese from and has a different tone.

In Chinese religion Tian is usually used to refer to . But "Shangdi" is used by some groups, including some philosophers, and .

"Shang Di" is the of two . The first , "Shàng" means "highest" and "first"; the second , "Dì" refers to the High God of Shang, thus means "deity" (manifested god), . Thus, the name "Shangdi" should be translated as "Highest Deity", but also has the implied meaning of "Primordial Deity" or "First Deity" in Classical Chinese. In the ancient books the shangdi is described with humanlike traits. He is also associated with the .


Five manifestations of Shangdi

The Five manifestations of Shangdi are in Chinese religion, the five manifestations of Shangdi. This idea dates to the Shang dynasty.

The five are


Chidi (god)

The Red Emperor (Chidi) is a Chinese God of fire and the southern direction

His avatars include the Yan Emperor, Shennong, Emperor Yao and Zhurong.

He is one of the five manifestations of Shangdi and is associated with the essence of fire; his takes the form of a Red Dragon ( "Zhūlóng") or a phoenix. He is the god of farming, raising animals, medicine and market. He helps doctors and scientists. He is linked to Mars.

Cangdi

Cangdi (the Bluegreen Emperor) is one of the five manifestations of Shangdi . He is associated with the wood and spring. He is worshipped as the god of fertility. The Bluegreen Dragon ( "Qīnglóng") is both his animal form and constellation, and as a human he was "Tàihào" (Fu Xi). His female consort is the goddess of fertility Bixia. His planet is Jupiter. 

The Confucian book, the Rites of Zhou, discusses the concept of the so-called "Wufang Shangdi". The Records of the Grand Historian, refers to the following: Cangdi (or "Qingdi"), Huangdi, Heidi, Chidi, and Baidi.

Cangdi is known as Dongyue Dadi or the "Great Deity of the Eastern Peak" which refers to Mount Tai, a sacred mountain in China. 

He is worshipped in both Daoism and Chinese Buddhism with this name.

Long ago, people believed that Mount Tai was a place where spirits of the dead gathered. They thought that the god of Mount Tai was the most powerful god of the underworld and controlled people's lives and status on Earth. In Daoism, people say that Dōngyuèdàdì is the grandson of the Jade Emperor.

During the Han dynasty, the Feng Shan ceremony was held on Mount Tai. This was a very important ceremony, and the emperor had to complete it to show that he had the mandate of heaven. The ceremony began in 219 BC, during the reign of Qin Shi Huang, who was the first emperor of China.

Over time, the role of the Dongyue Emperor grew. He became more than a God of the local area. He became a god of life and death in general. In Taiwan, people perform a ritual called the storming of the city (打城) to honor the Dongyue Emperor. This shows how his role has changed over time.


Baidi (god)

Baidi (White Emperor) is one of the five manifestations of Shangdi.

He is associated with metal, west, and Autumn

The Uprising of the White Serpent (Chinese: 斬白蛇起義) is a famous story from China. It is said that a man named Liu became a leader after he killed a giant white serpent that was harming people. Liu was an outlaw at the time, but he had a special destiny. Later, when some of his followers saw an old woman crying, she told them that Liu was destined to be a great ruler. This made his followers believe even more in his leadership.

After Liu became a successful leader, he was declared Emperor Gaozu, first Emperor of the Han dynasty.

Baidi is also known as the Great Deity of the Western Peak and is associated with Mount Hua, one of the five great mountains. Long ago, people in China believed in worshipping mountains and rivers. Mount Hua was important because it was close to the capital city during the Han and Tang Dynasties. Emperor Wudi built a temple for Baidi at the bottom of Mount Hua. It was originally called Jilinggong Palace but later changed to Xiyue Temple. Baidi is also the father of two other gods named Huayue Sanniang and Huashan Sanlang. According to a book called Li Shi, Baidi is believed to be able to control the clouds and rain, create everything in the world, and help people.

Heidi (god)

Heidi (Black Emperor) is a deity in Chinese religion, one of the five manifestations of Shangdi. He is associated with water and winter. His animal form is the Black Dragon and his stellar animal is the tortoise-snake. 

A Taoist title of the Black Emperor is the "Dark (or Mysterious) Heavenly Highest Deity" (). According to a myth, during the fall of the Shang the Demon King ravaged the world, so that Yuanshi Tianzun ordered the Jade Emperor to appoint Heidi as the commander of twelve heavenly legions to fight this evil. Heidi defeated the Demon King and was subsequently granted the title of Mysterious Heavenly Highest Deity. In temples dedicated to him, he has a bronze tortoise and serpent under his feet. This means that the good always prevails over evil.



Cahokia

The Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site is a historic site of a pre-Columbian city of the Native American Cahokia people. The park has 2,200 acres (900 ha) and 80 mounds made by the Cahokia people. The city was much larger than the area of the mounds. The city of Cahokia was one of the largest in the Mississippian culture. It existed from 1050 to 1350 CE. Cahokia Mounds is a National Historic Landmark and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is one of 24 UNESCO sites in the United States.

Cahokia was the largest city of the Mississippian culture. The Mississippian culture was found in what is now the Central and the Southeastern United States. The Mississippian culture began more than 1,000 years before European contact. The Mississippians were the people groups found in this area before the Native American tribes that the Europeans met beginning in the 1500s. Today, Cahokia is considered to be the largest and most complex city of its time north of the great cities in Mexico. Cahokia is very near present day St. Louis, Missouri. It is located on the east side of the Mississipi River in Illinois.

The inhabitants of Cahokia left no written records beyond symbols on pottery, shell, copper, wood, and stone The elaborately planned community, woodhenge, mounds, and burials reveal a complex society. The city's original name is unknown. The mounds were later named after the Cahokia tribe found living in the area by the first French explorers. The Cahokia tribe that the French found were a different native group than the Mississippians.

Cahokia had about 1,000 people before "circa" 1050, its population grew rapidly after that date. According to a 2007 study "Between AD 1050 and 1100, Cahokia's population increased from between 1,400 and 2,800 people to between 10,200 and 15,300 people". Archaeologists estimate the city's population at between 6,000 and 40,000 at its highest.

The population of Cahokia began to decline during the 13th century, and the site was abandoned by around 1350. Scholars have several ideas why. Every large city has to deal with problems regarding food supply and waste disposal. Perhaps is was overhunting, deforestation and pollution, and climatic changes, such as increased flooding and droughts. It could have been a combination of these reasons.

The largest remaining feature of Cahokia is Monk's Mound. Monks Mound is a massive platform mound with four terraces, 10 stories tall, it is the largest man-made earthen mound north of Mexico. It is 100 ft (30 m) high, 951 ft (290 m) long, 836 ft (255 m) wide and covers 13.8 acres (5.6 ha). It contains about 814,000 cubic yards (622,000 m) of earth. All of that earth was moved by human power. A 1 bushel basket holds 1.25 cubic feet or 35 liters. If one person could carry a basketful of dirt holding 1.25 cubic feet, then Monk's Mound represents 17,650,863 baskets full of dirt. For comparison, the Great Pyramid of Giza, is a square 230.3m at the base,146.6m tall, and contains 2,583,283m of material.

Another large feature at today's Cahokia is Woodhenge. The Cahokia Woodhenge was a large circle of timber posts located roughly 850 m (2,790 ft) to the west of Monks Mound. Excavations found the original placements of many large timber posts. In 1985, a reconstruction of Woodhenge was built with the posts being placed into the original excavated post positions. The circle, which has 48 posts in the circle and a 49th central post, has been used to investigate ancient astronomy at Cahokia.

Jitendra Prasad Sonal

Jitendra Prasad Sonal (also known as "Jitendra Prasad Sonar") is a Nepalese politician. He is parliamentary party leader for the Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal in the Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province .

Sonal, a resident of Bara, was elected to the 2017 provincial assembly elections from Bara 4(B) with 13118 votes. He was the Physical Infrastructure Minister for Province No. 2, Nepal till 6 June 2021. He including 3 other state ministers were expelled from Lalbabu Raut ministry on 6 June 2021 after a group of PSP-N joined government led by KP Sharma Oli and Sonal supported the same.

Cindy van der Zanden

Cindy van der Zanden (born 10 July 1993) is a Dutch softball player. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Suka van Gurp

Suka van Gurp (born 1994) is a Dutch softball player. She plays with Sparks Haarlem. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Mariëlle Vleugels

Mariëlle Vleugels (born 6 February 1992) is a Dutch softball player. In September 2021, after played her 400th match in the Dutch national league, she was honored by the Dutch softball federation. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team since 2011. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Madhesh Province

Madhesh Province () is a province in the southeastern region of Nepal.

The province was formed after the adoption of the Constitution of Nepal.

On 17 January 2022, the meeting of Provincial assembly declared Janakpur as capital of Province No. 2 while the province was renamed to Madhesh Province. Hari Shankar Mishra is the Head of Province while Mohammad Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi is the current Chief Minister.
It borders Koshi Province to the east, Bagmati Province to the north, and India’s Bihar state to the south. It has an area of -about 6.5% of the country's total area. 

The Koshi River and Koshi Tappu Wildlife Reserve acts as provincial border between Madhesh Province and Province No.1 in the east. And the line between Chitwan National Park and Parsa National Park (previously Wildlife Reserve) acts as provincial border between Madhesh Province and Bagmati Province in the west.

The province includes eight districts from Saptari District in the east to Parsa District in the west.
The Capital city Janakpur, also known as Janakpurdham, is a centre for religious and cultural tourism. It is also thought to have been the capital of the Videha dynasty that ruled Mithila region in ancient times.
The first urban planned municipality of Nepal, Rajbiraj, is also the oldest place of the Terai belt of Nepal. The town is believed to have been named after the ancient Rajdevi temple, which dates back to the 1700s. The city of Birgunj is an economically important industrial centre and the only metropolitan city in the province.

It is Nepal's most populous province, and smallest province by area. 
It has a population of 6,126,288 as per the 2021 Nepal census, making it the most populated province of Nepal.

The majority of the province's population speaks Maithili, Bhojpuri and Nepali and Bajjika.

Eva Voortman

Eva Voortman (born 29 November 1992) is a Dutch professional softball player. At the end of 2021 she moved from Quick Amersfoort to Neptunus. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team, with an interception since January 2011. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Voortman studied High Performance Coaching at the VU University Amsterdam.

Laura Wissink

Laura Wissink (born 3 July 1997) is a Dutch softball player.

Janakpur

Janakpurdham or Janakpur (, ) is a sub-metropolitan city in Dhanusha District, Madhesh Province, Nepal. The city is a hub for religious and cultural tourism. A headquarter of Dhanusha district, "Janakpur" is also the capital for Madhesh Province.
The city was founded in the early 18th century. According to tradition, storyteller shows an earlier city known as Janakpurdham existed in the area, which used to be the capital of the Videha dynasty that ruled the Mithila region in ancient times.
Janakpur is about southeast of Kathmandu. , the city had a population of 173,924. The city had a population of 195,438 in 2021. Janakpur is currently the most populated sub metropolitan city of Nepal. Janakpur is about 18 km away from the Bhitthamore border of India. 
Nepal Railways operates between Janakpur and Jaynagar of India.

Jessica Lokhorst

Jessica Lokhorst (born 16 August 1993) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of Fortuna and the Netherlands national korfball team.

She missed the 2021 European championships, due to an ankle injury. With the national team she became champion at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Upama Kumari Dev

Upama Kumari Dev (Nepali: उपमा कुमारी देव) is a Nepalese politician who is elected member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Dev is a resident of Rajbiraj.She is also a Deputy Speaker of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province, took office on 16 February 2018.

Gerald van Dijk

Gerald van Dijk (born 18 June 1983) is a Dutch-Surinamese korfball player. He competed with the Netherlands national korfball team and Suriname national korfball team. 

Van Dijk played 22 matches with the Netherlands national korfball team and became European Champion, World Champion and World Games champion.

From 2017 Van Dijk founded the Suriname national korfball team. He became chairman of the Surinamese Korfball federation. Together with other Dutch-Surinamese korfball players of the Korfbal League, including himself, he was able to get a complete team. With the Suriname national korfball team he competed at among others the 2019 IKF World Korfball Championship and 2022 World Games.

Saroj Kumar Yadav

Saroj Kumar Yadav is a Nepalese politician and current speaker of provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province. He was elected speaker unopposed on 13 February 2018, after he was only candidate to file nomination for the post of Speaker.

Randell van der Steen

Randell van der Steen (born 14 May 1995) is a Dutch korfball player. He plays with Blauw-Wit in the Dutch national Korfbal League.

Van der Steen helped Gerald van Dijk founding the Suriname national korfball team. Van der Steen is the captain of the national team of Suriname. With the national team he competed among others at the 2019 World Championships and 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Indigenous peoples of the North American Southwest

The Indigenous peoples of the North American Southwest are American Indian tribes with similar cultures in the southwest United States and part os northern Mexico. This region includes the present-day states of Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, and Nevada. Other names for this region are "American Southwest", "Northern Mexico", "Chichimeca", and "Oasisamerica/Aridoamerica". These areas are usually dry with little rain. However, the grounds are rich and allow for agriculture. The landscape includes plains, valleys, mountains, desert lands, canyons and grasslands. Important people groups include the Southern Athabaskan language group. This includes the Navajo and Apache. The Puebloans are another important group. 

Satrudhan Mahato

Satrughan Mahato is a Nepalese politician belonging to CPN (Unified Socialist). He is the incumbent minister of Madhesh Province government. He is member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province. 

Mahato is also the leader of party the party having been selected unopposed.

Satrudhan Mahato has served previously as member of Constituent Assembly. Mahato left CPN (UML) to join the CPN (Unified Socialist) led by former Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal.

Mahato helf Raghubir Mahasheth though both Mahasheth and Mahato were elected from same constituency (Dhanusha 4) from CPN (UML) ticket.

Satya Narayan Mandal

Satya Narayan Mandal (Nepali: सत्यनारायण मंडल) is a Nepalese politician and the current party leader of Madhesh Province . He is a member of the Nepal Communist Party, formed by the union of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre).

Satya Narayan Mandal is one of the oldest politicians of Nepal. He joined the party in 2028 BS. He became an active member of CPN (Party) in 2036 BS and became a member of National Assembly in 2048 BS. He is the first Minister from Dhobi community.

He was elected the non-departmental minister of Nepal on 12 October 2015 CE under the government of Khadga Prasad Oli. He then transferred served as Sports and Youth Minister of Nepal.

Lin Ya-wen

Lin Ya-wen (born 14 June 1994) is a Taiwanese korfball player. He played in the Netherlands with in the Dutch Korfbal League, being the first Taiwanese korftball player in the Dutch league. He is a member of the Chinese Taipei korfball team. With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Bharat Prasad Sah

Bharat Prasad Sah () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from CPN (Maoist Centre). Sah, a resident of Gaushala, Mahottari, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province elections from Mahottari 1(B).

Bharat Kumar Shah

Bharat Kumar Shah () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from CPN (Maoist Centre). Sah, a resident of Gaushala, Mahottari, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province elections from Mahottari 1(B).

Jasper van den Heuvel

Jasper van den Heuvel (born 28 October 1978) is a Dutch rally driver. He competed in Intercontinental Rally Challenge (2008 edition, 2009 edition, 2011 edition, 2012 edition) during his career. He drove a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo X and later a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo X R4. In 2019 he won the ELE rally in a Ford Fiesta.

Religious Confucianism

Religious Confucianism is the idea that Confucianism is a religion. It originated in the time of Confucius with his defense of traditional religious institutions of his time such as the Jongmyo rites, and the Ritual Music System.

The Chinese name for Religious Confucianism is Rujiao (), the word for secular Confucianism is Rujia (). The differences can be roughly translated with 教 jiao meaning religion, and 家 jia meaning school.

Religious Confucianism includes ancestor worship, sacrifices, and sacrifices to heaven in its practice.

Religious Confucianism worships Confucius, the seventy-two disciples, Mencius, Zhu Xi, and Shangdi.

In Chinese Buddhism, Confucianism and Daoism, are called the "three teachings."

Religious Confucianism has been promoted by the government from the Han dynasty until the 1911 Revolution. The Five Classics became the foundation of the Chinese legal system, and the Spring and Autumn Courts. Religious Confucian organizations known as Confucian Churches formed in the Qing dynasty have significant popularity among Overseas Chinese people today.



LGBT reproduction

LGBT reproduction is when lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people have biological kids. They do this with help from medical technology. This is different from LGBT parenting. LGBT parenting includes things like LGBT adoption. In recent years, scientists have been studying and making ways to help same-sex couples have kids..
The main ways being looked at are creating sperm from women and eggs from men. In 2004, Japanese scientists changed the job of some genes. They used two mouse eggs to make baby mice. In 2018, Chinese scientists made 29 female mice from two mother mice. But they couldn't make baby mice from two father mice. One possible way is to get sperm and eggs from skin stem cells.
Not being able to use medical technology to have kids is seen as unfair health care for LGBT people.


Les Terres-de-Chaux

Les Terres-de-Chaux () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is northeast of Saint-Hippolyte.



Médière

Médière () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is northeast of L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs on the banks of the Doubs.



Mercey-le-Grand

Mercey-le-Grand () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is west of Besançon.



Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre)

The Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) (), abbreviated CPN (Maoist Centre), CPN-Maoist Centre, CPN Maoist Centre, or CPN(MC), is the third largest political party in Nepal. It was founded in 1994 after breaking away from the Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre).

Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal

The Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal (), is the sixth largest political party in Nepal.

The party was officially registered at Election Commission, Nepal on 18 August 2021. Mahantha Thakur is the president of the new party. The party was formed after split in PSP-N to join KP Oli led government. 
Currently, the party stands as the fourth largest party of Madhesh Province after Nepali Congress, CPN (UML) and Janata Samajbadi respectively.

As of August 2021, the party is a junior ally in the Nepali Congress-led Deuba government along with CPN (Maoist Centre), PSP-N, and CPN (Unified Socialist). The party's election symbol is a bicycle.

Nepal Federal Socialist Party

Nepal Federal Socialist Party (; abbreviated NFSPनेसंस पार्टी) is a political party in Nepal. The party was formed on 17 December 2016 by Mohammad Rizwan Ansari.

Katheryn Winnick

Katheryn Winnick (born December 17, 1977) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her roles in the television series "Vikings" (2013–2020), "Wu Assassins" (2019), and "Big Sky" (2020–present), and her recurring role on the television series "Bones" (2010–2011).

Winnick was born in Etobicoke, Ontario. She has Ukrainian descent. She spoke Ukrainian as her first language. She began speaking English when she was 8 years old. She began training in martial arts at age 7. She had her first black belt at 13 years old. By age 21, she opened three Taekwondo schools. She taught Taekwondo and self-defense to actors while completing her degree in kinesiology at York University, Toronto. Winnick studied at William Esper Studio.

Winnick started acting as a young girl at her community center in Toronto. She had directed plays in her high school and won a scholarship for drama and directing while attending Richview Collegiate Institute.

Winnick entered the movie industry by teaching martial arts to actors on movie sets; the experience inspired her to act professionally. She was then cast on the television series "Student Bodies". Since then, she has appeared in many movies, including:

She has guest-starred in many television shows, such as:

Winnick joined History Channel's television series "Vikings". She starred in the role of Lagertha, a legendary figure in Viking history. In July 2017, Winnick stated on Twitter that she had been cast in a mystery role, and that it would be announced at the San Diego Comic-Con International. She was later revealed to be cast as a main character in the Nazi Zombies mode of the video game "".

In July 2018, Winnick had been cast in the starring role of Christine "C.G." Gavin on the Netflix series, "Wu Assassins". In February 2020, Winnick was announced to play the starring role of Jenny Hoyt on the ABC television series "Big Sky".

Winnick says she is an American citizen as well as Canadian.




Hubert Coppenrath

Archbishop Hubert Coppenrath (18 October 1930 – 31 July 2022) was a French Polynesian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete from 1999 until 2011. Coppenrath was born in Papeete, French Polynesia.

Joseph A. Doorley Jr.

Joseph Aloysius Doorley Jr. (October 12, 1930 – July 31, 2022) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He was mayor of Providence, Rhode Island, from 1965 to 1975. At the time of his election, he was the youngest mayor in the city's history. Before, he was a member of the member of the Providence City Council from 1963 to 1965. Doorley Jr. was born in Providence.

Doorley Jr. died on July 31, 2022 in Narragansett, Rhode Island at aged 91.

John Hughes (footballer, born 1943)

John Hughes (3 April 1943 – 1 August 2022) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Celtic, Crystal Palace and Sunderland. Hughes was nicknamed 'Yogi' because many thought he looked like the cartoon character Yogi Bear. 

Ilinka Mitreva

Ilinka Mitreva (; 11 February 1950 – 1 August 2022) was a Macedonian politician. She was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2001 and again from 2002 to 2006. Mitreva was born in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia.

Mitreva died on 1 August 2022 in Skopje, North Macedonia at the age of 72.

Solomon Islands national under-17 football team

The Solomon Islands national under-17 football team is the national under-17 team of Solomon Islands. They have qualified for the FIFA U-17 World Cup in 2019.

1921 Dutch Athletics Championships

The 1921 Dutch Athletics Championships was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for the Netherlands. The different events took place on multiple dates in different cities in the Netherlands.

It was the first time women’s events were held at the national championships.


Sources:

Parsa 1 (constituency)

Parsa 1 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 1 incorporates wards 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, 11–16, 18, 20–23 and 30–32 of Birgunj Metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province segment


Parsa 3 (constituency)

Parsa 3 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 3 incorporates Paterwa Sugauli Rural Municipality, Sakhuwa Prasauni Rural Municipality, Bindhabasini Rural Municipality, ward 6 of Jagarnathpur Rural Municipality, wards 1–4 Pakaha Mainpur Rural Municipality, wards 1, 2 and 4–10 of Pokhariya Municipality and wards 1, 5 and 7–9 of Bahudarmai Municipality.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Assembly segment


Parsa 4 (constituency)

Parsa 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 4 incorporates Thori Rural Municipality, Jirabhawani Rural Municipality, Chhipaharmai Rural Municipality, Dhobini Rural Municipality, Kalikamai Rural Municipality, wards 1–5 Jagarnathpur Rural Municipality and ward 5 of Pakaha Mainpur Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Provincial Assembly segment

Parallel voting

Parallel voting is a type of mixed electoral system. In this system, representatives are voted into a single chamber using two or more different systems, most often first-past-the-post voting (FPTP) with party-list proportional representation (PR). 

Constitution of Nepal

Constitution of Nepal 2015 () is the present Constitution of Nepal.

The latest version came into effect on 20 September 2015. It replaced the Interim Constitution of 2007. The constitution of Nepal has 35 parts, 308 Articles and 9 Schedules.

Singhasan Sah Kalwar

Singhasan Sah Kalwar () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Kalwar, a resident of Chhipahrmai Rural Municipality, was elected via 2017 Nepalese provincial elections from Parsa 4(B).

Dhanusha 3 (constituency)

Dhanusha 3 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Dhanusha District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Dhanusha 4 (constituency)

Dhanusha 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Dhanusha District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Dhanusha 4 incorporates Bateshwar Rural Municipality, Lakshminya Rural Municipality, wards 1–3 and 5-11 of Mithila Municipality. wards 1–7 Chhireshwarnath Municipality, wards 2 and 6–10 of Mithila Bihari Municipality and wards 9, 13, 14, 19, 21 and 22 of Janakpur Sub-metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Provincial Assembly segment


Dhanusha 2 (constituency)

Dhanusha 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Dhanusha District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Dhanusha 2 incorporates Kamala Municipality, Janaknandani Rural Municipality, Sahidnagar Municipality, Aaurahi Rural Municipality, wards 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of Bideha Municipality, wards 1, 4, 6 and 9 of Hansapur Municipality and wards 17 and 18 of Janakpur Sub-metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province segment


Trinidad and Tobago national netball team

The Trinidad and Tobago national netball team represent Trinidad and Tobago in international netball competition and are governed by Trinidad and Tobago Netball Association. They have attended the Netball World Cup since 1963 except in 1991. Their best result joint 1st in 1979.

Rajesh Jha

Rajesh Jha is a Nepali politician and former Governor of Madhesh Province. He is a journalist and an advocate. He has completed Bachelor's level in law and also has done PhD from Tribhuvan University.

Galab Donev

Galab Donev (; born 28 February 1967) has been the Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 2 August 2022 to 6 June 2023.

Ptychohyla zophodes

The Gloomy Mountain stream frog ("Ptychohyla zophodes") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it on the Atlantic side (east side) of the mountains. People have seen it between 400 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is about long. The color of the skin on the frog's back is brown or gray. The iris of the eye is bronze with black marks.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Ptychohyla leonhardschultzei", but it is not.

Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo

Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo (5 December 1880 – 16 April 1943) was a Dutch fencer. She was also a pianist. She was a fencer at the "salle" of Giovanni Giandomenici and one of the earlyst female Dutch fencers. She was international successful. Because of being a Jew, she was deported to Sobibor extermination camp during World War II where she died.

Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo is claimed by Giovanni Giandomenici as being the first female Dutch fencer. Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was trained by Giovanni Giandomenici.

In the summer of 1913 she had a good results at the 1913 International Exposition in Ghent. She finished in fifth place of the 40 competing fencers. She was eliminated by C. E. Martin Edmunds. On 29 November 1913 she competed by invitation at the 1913 Alfred Hutton Memorial Challenge Cup, an international tournament organized by the “Ladies London Fencing Club” in London. She was one of the four Dutch women. Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was successful winning the "strangers cup" being the best foreigner. 

In 1914, Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo won the second prize at the 1914 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition, the first Dutch international fencing tournament in Amsterdam. Of the eight matches she only lost to the British champion C. E. Martin Edmunds who won the tournament. Later the year she won the first prize at the international 1914 "La Femme Contemporaine" women's fencing competition in Antwerp. 

In 1918 she finishind first in the national women's competition in Amsterdam. She won the 1919 Netherlands women's fencing championship, the first official women's national championship. In 1920 she couldn’t compete at the natioal championship because she was ill, but was a prize winner at the 1920 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition behind the Danish Larsen and French champion Chevalier. In 1921 she won the third prize at the international “Grand Prix de Dames” in Oostende.

She fenced left-handed, which was difficult for her opponents. She fenced with quick movements. According to newspaper Het nieuws van den dag in 1914, Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo had a different technique compared with the female fencers from the school of De Vos, The Hague. Her style was described as “more lively, more fiery and less different from the men's technique”.

Esther Lopes Cardozo was born in Amsterdam on 5 December 1880 as the daughter of diamond worker Samuel “Abraham” Lopes Cardozo (1860-1913) and Saartje Lopes Cardozo-Polak (1861-1943). She had a sister Rosalina Hendrix-Lopes Cardozo. She would live her entire life in Amsterdam. Lopes Cardozo married to A. Bekkers. They had together a son, who was born on 21 December 1902. She also had another child.

Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo played piano with the singing society “De Stem des Volks”.

Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was a Jew. During World War II she was deported to Sobibor extermination camp in Poland where she died on 16 April 1943.


Yan Emperor

The Yan Emperor () or the Flame Emperor was a legendary ancient Chinese ruler who ruled before the Yellow Emperor. Modern studies have identified the Sheep's Head Mountains ("Yángtóu Shān") just north of Baoji in Shaanxi Province as his kingdom.

A long debate has existed over whether or not the Yan Emperor was the same person as the legendary Shennong. An academic conference held in China in 2004 achieved general consensus that the Yan Emperor and Shennong were the same person. Another possibility is that the term "flame emperor" was a title, held by dynastic succession of tribal lords, with Shennong being known as "Yandi" perhaps posthumously. Accordingly, the term "flame emperors" would be generally more correct. The succession of these flame emperors, from Shennong, the first Yan Emperor, until the time of the last Yan Emperor's defeat by the Yellow Emperor, may have been some 500 years.


Ritual and music system

The Ritual Music System () is a social system that originated in the Western Zhou Dynasty. The Ritual Music system and Patriarchal Clan system were important parts of the culture. Legend says it was founded by the Duke of Zhou and King Wu of Zhou.

The system developed from older shamanic traditions and was seen as being spiritually important, it was seen as representing the balance between Yin and Yang and the Five Elements.

The regulations on ritual and music strengthened people's concept of hierarchy, played a symbolic role in establishing authority, alongside standardizing rule across the civilization.

Saptari 4 (constituency)

Saptari 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Saptari 4 incorporates Surunga Municipality, Khadak Municipality, Bode Barsain Municipality and Balan Bihul Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Provincial Assembly segment


Saptari 1 (constituency)

Saptari 1 is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency was created by the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report on 31 August 2017.

Mo Ostin

Mo Ostin (born Morris Meyer Ostrofsky; March 27, 1927 – July 31, 2022) was an American record executive. He worked for many companies, including Verve, Reprise Records, Warner Bros. Records, and DreamWorks. He was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003.

Ostin died on July 31, 2022, at the age of 95.

Carlos Blixen

Carlos Samuel Blixen Abella (27 December 1936 – 1 August 2022) was an Uruguayan basketball player. He won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Four years later he once again competed in the Olympics. Blixen was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Blixen died on 1 August 2022 in Montevideo at the age of 85.

Joseph Mondello

Joseph Nestor Mondello (February 13, 1938 – August 1, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago from 2018 to 2021 during the Donald Trump presidency. He was Chairman of the New York Republican State Committee until September 2009 and as the chairman of the Nassau County Republican Committee from 1983 to May 24, 2018.

Mondello died on August 1, 2022 at the age of 84.

Hans Bangerter

Hans Bangerter (10 June 1924 – August 2022) was a Swiss football administrator. He was the General Secretary of the UEFA from 1960 to 1989. He was chairman of the board of the Euro-Sportring Foundation. He was born in Studen, Switzerland.

Bangerter died in August 2022 at the age of 98.

You're All I've Got Tonight

"You're All I've Got Tonight" is a 1978 song by American rock new wave band The Cars and is the sixth track from their debut album "The Cars". Like Bye Bye Love, Moving in Stereo and All Mixed Up, three other songs from the album, it continues to get regular airplay on classic rock stations and despite not being released as singles.

Tajikistan national under-17 football team

Tajikistan national under-17 football team is controlled by the Tajikistan National Football Federation. They have appeared at the FIFA U-17 World Cup twice in 2007 and 2019. Their best result was in 2007 where they finished in the Round of 16.

Illinois Confederacy

The Illinois Confederation or Illiniwek or Illini were a group of 12 to 13 tribes in the Northeastern Woodlands. They lived in the Mississippi River Valley. The five major tribes included the Cahokia, Kaskaskia, Michigamea, Peoria, and Tamaroa. The official language was the Miami-Illinois language. This was an Algonquian language. These Native peoples did hunting, fishing and agriculture. There was usually one Great Chief. They lived in wigwams and longhouses. The tribes had a maximum population of over 10,000. The population grew much smaller because of disease and colonization from European settlers. The tribes later regrouped as the Confederated Peoria. Today they live in Oklahoma.

Maliseet

The Wəlastəkwewiyik or Maliseet or Malecite were a Native American group of people of the Northeastern Woodlands. They spoke Algonquian and were a First Nation. They were part of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The region includes Quebec, New Brunswick and parts of Maine. Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians of Maine is a federally recognized Maliseet tribe in the United States. It is considered one the first foreign allies of the United States. 


Southeastern (train company)

SE Trains Limited, trading as Southeastern is a train operating company in southeast England owned by DfT OLR Holdings for the Department for Transport, On 17 October 2021, it became the franchisee for the South Eastern franchise, overtaking the company owned Southeastern. It serves the commuter routes to south-east London, most of Kent, and parts of East Sussex.

In October 2021, Govia-owned Southeastern kept £25 million instead of paying it back to Department for Transport so on 17 October 2021 it was replaced by a government-owned company with the same name.

Wyoming Seminary

Wyoming Seminary is a Methodist college in Kingston, Pennsylvania. It started in 1844..


Mansur Yavaş

Mansur Yavaş ( 23 May 1955, Ankara) is a Turkish lawyer and politician who is currently the Mayor of Ankara, holding the office since April 2019. He was elected in the 2019.

Yavaş was born in the Beypazarı district of Ankara. Yavaş studied at Istanbul University in 1979 and graduated from the law faculty in 1983.

Nancy Pelosi Taiwan visit

Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi visited Taiwan on August 2, 2022 as part of a tour of Asia. She also visited Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. The White House did not officially support the visit.

Pelosi said that her visit was a sign that the United States will support Taiwan. She also visited the Legislative Yuan and met with President Tsai Ing-wen.

Before her visit, it was not known if Pelosi would visit Taiwan. White House National Security representative John Kirby said that China could respond with a missile attack near Taiwan or other military actions to show they did not approve of Pelosi's visit.

Pelosi compared China's possible actions to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, in her article for "The Washington Post" on August 2. She also compared Chinese officials to Russian officials by calling them autocrats.

Pelosi arrived in Taipei, Taiwan late on August 2 by a military aircraft. She met with President Tsai Ing-wen on August 3. She was awarded a medal of honour at the Presidential Office Building.

In a press release issued during the trip, Pelosi declared that the visit "in no way contradicts longstanding United States policy, guided by the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979, U.S.-China Joint Communiques and the Six Assurances. The United States continues to oppose unilateral efforts to change the status quo". White House Coordinator for Strategic Communications at the National Security Council John Kirby reiterated this perspective at a press conference held during the visit saying "The Speaker’s visit is totally consistent with our longstanding One China policy. We’ve been very clear that nothing has changed about our One China policy, which is guided, of course, by the Taiwan Relations Act, the Three Joint U.S.-PRC Communiqués, and the Six Assurances.

The People's Republic of China (PRC) did not like the visit. In a telephone speech between President of the United States Joe Biden and PRC leader Xi Jinping the week before, the PRC government warned about a visit like this. Chinese officials said that this visit would not make the relationship between the United States and China good. 

Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense said that twenty-one Chinese Air Force planes flew into its airspace on August 2.

On the night Pelosi landed in Taipei, the PLA Eastern Theater Command increased its naval and air force activity near Taiwan. It had missile test firings in waters east of Taiwan. Also, China announced that they will have more military drills in areas around Taiwan from August 4 to August 7.

The U.S. Ambassador to China Nicholas Burns was asked to meet with the Chinese Foreign Ministry to talk about how China did not approve of the visit.

Several countries reacted to the visit. New Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said "We don’t want to see any unilateral change to the status quo." New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said "Dialogue and diplomacy is what we need in these tense times." A spokesperson for the European Union emphasized the bloc's "clear One China Policy."


Vasip Şahin

Vasip Şahin (born 1964) is a Turkish civil servant. Currently, he serves as the Governor of Ankara Province.

He was born in Bayburt in 1964. He completed his primary, secondary and high school education in Erzincan. In 1985, Şahin graduated from Faculty of Law in Istanbul University. Vasip Şahin is married, and is father of three.

Eric S. Schmitt

Eric Stephen Schmitt (born June 20, 1975) is an American lawyer and politician who is the United States Senator from Missouri since 2023. He was the 43rd Attorney General of Missouri from 2019 to 2023. He was the 46th State Treasurer of Missouri from 2017 to 2019.

He was a member of the Missouri Senate from 2009 to 2017. He also was an alderman for Glendale, Missouri from 2005 to 2008. 

On November 13, 2018, Schmitt was named Attorney General of Missouri by Governor Mike Parson, after the Josh Hawley, was elected to the United States Senate.

In March 2021, he announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring Senator Roy Blunt. He won the Republican nomination in the August primaries.

Derek Schmidt

Derek Larkin Schmidt (born January 23, 1968) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Kansas Attorney General from 2011 to 2023. He is a Republican. He was a member of the Kansas Senate from 2001 to 2011.

As State Attorney General, Schmidt worked tirelessly to help bring justice to the state of Kansas. Derek Schmidt was the 44th attorney general for the State of Kansas. He is the state’s second longest-serving attorney general and in his 2018 reelection received the most votes of any candidate for attorney general in state history.
Schmidt was the Republican nominee for governor in 2022, losing to the incumbent in the state’s closest gubernatorial general election since 1978.
As Kansas attorney general, Schmidt made it his mission to serve and protect Kansans – especially the most vulnerable. He stopped scam artists and abusers from preying on seniors, prosecuted an unprecedented number of crimes against children, and sued companies whose marketing, sales and distribution practices fueled opioid addiction. The more than $1.5 billion his administration recovered for Kansas consumers and taxpayers is more than all previous Kansas attorneys general combined. He successfully advocated for the Kansas Bureau of Investigation to build a long-overdue modern forensic science center on the campus of Washburn University, establish the Child Victims Unit and the Northeast Child Victims Task Force, and implement the Sexual Assault Kit Initiative that eliminated a backlog of untested sexual assault kits.
Schmidt personally and successfully argued three Kansas cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. Under his leadership, the Kansas attorney general’s office presented oral argument in eight U.S. Supreme Court cases – and won them all.
He also was among attorneys general dubbed the “last line of defense” against illegal and overreaching federal actions, who helped pioneer the role of state attorneys general in using state litigation to enforce the boundaries of our federal system.
Before being elected attorney general, Schmidt served 10 years as a Kansas state senator, representing a rural district in Southeast Kansas. He served four of those years as chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and six years as Senate Majority Leader.
Honors presented to Schmidt include the Criminal Justice Professional of the Year Award from the Wichita Crime Commission, the Exceptional Service to Kansas Law Enforcement Award from the Kansas Sheriffs Association, the Policy Maker of the Year Award from the Kansas County and District Attorneys Association, the Distinguished Service to Kansas Children Award from the Kansas Children’s Service League, and the Guardian of Small Business Award from the Kansas chapter of the National Federation of Independent Businesses. He served as the 2017-18 president of the National Association of Attorneys General, where he led a national campaign against elder abuse and was presented the Kelley-Wyman Award as the nation’s outstanding Attorney General for 2019.
A native of Independence, Kansas, Schmidt graduated from Independence High School and studied at Independence Community College. He earned his bachelor’s degree in journalism from the University of Kansas, his master’s degree in international politics from the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom, his law degree from Georgetown University Law Center, and his doctorate in law from the University of Kansas School of Law.
Schmidt and his wife, Jennifer, are the parents of two daughters. In March 2021, Schmidt announced his candidacy for governor of Kansas in the 2022 election. He won the primary election, but lost the general election election to Governor Laura Kelly in November 2022. Schmidt got 47.3%, Kelly got 49.5%, Pyle 2.2%, and Cordell got 1.1% of the vote.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2022/11/08/us/elections/results-kansas-governor.html

Jaime Jarrín

Jaime Jarrín (; born December 10, 1935) is an Ecuadorian-born American sportscaster. He is known as the Spanish-language voice of the Los Angeles Dodgers. He began broadcasting for the Dodgers in 1959. He was the 1998 recipient of the Ford C. Frick Award from the Baseball Hall of Fame. 

Vicky Hartzler

Vicky Jo Hartzler (née Zellmer; born October 13, 1960) is an American politician. She was the U.S. representative for from 2011 to 2023. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was a Missouri state representative from 1995 to 2000.

She was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate in the 2022 election, having lost the nomination to Eric S. Schmitt.

Karrin Taylor Robson

Karrin Margaret Taylor Robson (née Kunasek, born 1964/1965) is an American lawyer and politician. Taylor Robson was a member of the Arizona Board of Regents from 2017 until 2021. Robson is a member of the Republican Party.

In June 2021, Robson announced her candidacy for the Republican nomination for Governor of Arizona in the 2022 election. She lost the Republican nomination in the August primary to former news anchor Kari Lake.

Friedrich-Wilhelm von Herrmann

Friedrich-Wilhelm von Herrmann (8 October 1934 – 2 August 2022) was a German philosopher. He was known for his works about Martin Heidegger's thought. Herrmann was born in Potsdam, Germany. He also worked at the University of Freiburg.

Herrmann died on 2 August 2022 of a heart attack in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany at the age of 87.

The Curse of the Jade Scorpion

The Curse of the Jade Scorpion is a 2001 American German crime comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and also starring Helen Hunt, Dan Aykroyd, Wallace Shawn, Elizabeth Berkley, Charlize Theron, David Ogden Stiers, Brian Markinson. It was distributed by DreamWorks Pictures and was a box office failure.


Runaway (The Corrs song)

"Runaway" is a 1995 debut song by Irish band The Corrs. It was released in September 1995 had middling chart success except in Ireland and Australia and was taken from their debut album "Forgiven, Not Forgotten".

The Core

The Core is a 2003 American Canadian British Dutch science fiction action directed by Jon Amiel and starring Aaron Eckhart, Hilary Swank, Delroy Lindo, Stanley Tucci, Bruce Greenwood, Alfre Woodard, Richard Jenkins. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cecilia Elizabeth Martin-Edmunds

Cecilia Elizabeth Mary Agnes Martin-Edmunds (1872 - 1947) was a British foil fencer from London. She was a fencer at Salle Alibert. She was internationaly a leading female fencer in the early 1910s. 

Martin Edmunds became British national champion in 1909. She won in the summer of 1913 the international women's fencing tournament at the 1913 International Exposition in Ghent. Forty fencers competed at this tournament and she among others eliminated the Dutch Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo. In 1914 she won the 1914 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition in Amsterdam. Of the eight matches she only lost one match. With less received touchés compared to Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo who also lost only one match, she won the tournament.

Martin Edmunds was tall compared to Dutch and Belgian fencers. This was in her advantage having a larger reach. She had, as described, a "careful" fencing style.


Janat Ansari

Janat Ansari () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Ansari, a resident of Birgunj, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province election from Parsa 1(A).

Abdul Rahim Ansari

Abdul Rahim Ansari (Nepali: अब्दुल रहिम अंसारी) is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Ansari, a resident of Sakhuwa Prasauni Rural Municipality, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province elections from Parsa 3(A).

Gopi Chand Narang

Gopi Chand Narang (11 February 1931 – 15 June 2022) was an Indian theorist, literary critic, and scholar who wrote in Urdu and English. His Urdu literary criticism incorporated a range of modern theoretical frameworks including stylistics, structuralism, post-structuralism, and Eastern poetics.

Narang died on 15 June 2022 in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States at the age of 91.

Sarlahi 2 (constituency)

Sarlahi 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Sarlahi District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Canada national rugby union team

The Canada national rugby union team () is a second tier rugby union from Canada. They were a mainstay at the Rugby World Cup from 1987 to 2019 and failed to qualify for the first time in 2023. They are currently ranked 23rd in the World Rankings as of July 2022. 

Millicent Hall

Millicent Hathaway Hall-Spong (1 November 1881 — 12 January 1958) was an English fencer. She was a member of Salle Bertrand in London.

She became national champion in 1907, 1908 and 1922.
She competed as at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the open foil event. This event was held a demonstration event. She was the only female participant, competed against men and so she was the first female Olympic fencer.

She won an international competition against Dutch women of "Salle De Vos" during the 1911 England–Holland women's fencing competitions in London. According to the Dutch newspaper "De nieuwe courant" Hall was together with Julia Johnstone, much better compared to the other British women. After a period of not fencing, she started fencing again in late 1913. She competed in November 1913 at the 1913 Alfred Hutton Memorial Challenge Cup where she was described of making "excellent assaults". In this competition she was eliminated in the semi-final.

She became the first president of the Ladies’ Amateur Fencing Union in 1930.

Leather Jackets (album)

Leather Jackets is the 20th studio album by Elton John and was released on 15 October, 1986. It was the first album since 1970 not to have any Top 40 singles in the United Kingdom and the United States. It had much better success in Australia where it peaked at number 4.

Notes

Bara 2 (constituency)

Bara 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Bara District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Shark Night

Shark Night (advertised as Shark Night 3D) is a 2011 American horror movie. It was directed by David R. Ellis and written by Will Hayes and Jesse Studenberg.

South Eastern franchise

The South Eastern franchise, also known as the Integrated Kent franchise, is a railway franchise for providing passenger services between London and Kent in South East England.

Connex South Eastern began operating the franchise on 13 October 1996

On 8 November 2003, Its services were stopped because of money problems and using old trains instead of buying new ones.

On 9 November 2003, South Eastern Trains, took over the franchise for 18 months. It took on all of the trains and the Connex staff.

In November 2005, Southeastern took over the franchise. It took on all of the trains.

In October 2021, Its services were stopped because it kept £25 million instead of paying it back to Department for Transport.

On 17 October 2021, Southeastern took over the franchise. It took on all of the trains and staff. They had also kept the same name and same logos.

Chorus frog

Pseudacris (the chorus frogs) is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in North America. They live as far west as the Pacific coast and as far east as the Atlantic coast.

The name comes from the Greek word "pseudes" (false) and "akris" (locust). Scientists might have named these frogs false-locust because the frog's voices sound like locust's voices: a repeated rasping trill sound. They also might have named these frogs false-"Acris" because there is another frog genus called "Acris".

Scientists disagree about which species should be in this genus. Because these frogs can hybridize, meaning make healthy young together, molecular genetic research cannot help much.

Frost "et al." list 19 species in this genus, and AmphibiaWeb lists 17 species, leaving out "P. hypochondriaca" and "P. sierra":
Chorus frogs live anywhere in North America from southern Alaska to southern Baja California, and from the Pacific to the Atlantic.


American coot

The American coot ("Fulica americana") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Indian Railways

Indian Railways (IR) is a body under the ownership of Ministry of Railways, Government of India. It operates India's national railway system. It manages the fourth largest national railway system in the world by size. It has a total route length of . 83% (Length: ) of all the broad-gauge routes are electrified with 25 kV 50 Hz AC electric traction .

In the freight segment, IR runs 9,475 trains daily. The average speed of freight trains is around . The maximum speed of freight trains varies from depending on their axle load.

, Indian Railways' rolling stock consisted of 2,93,077 freight wagons, 76,608 passenger coaches and 12,729 locomotives. IR owns locomotive and coach-production facilities at different locations in India. It had 1.254 million employees . It makes the world's eighth-largest employer. The government has committed to electrifying India's entire rail network by 2023–24. IR also committed to become a "net zero (carbon emissions) railway" by 2030.

The first railway proposals for India were made in Madras in 1832. The country's first transport train, "Red Hill Railway" (built by Arthur Cotton to transport granite for road-building), ran from Red Hills to the Chintadripet bridge in Madras in 1836-1837.

India's first passenger train, operated by the Great Indian Peninsula Railway and hauled by three steam locomotives ("Sahib", "Sindh" and "Sultan"), ran for with 400 people in 14 carriages on broad gauge track between Bori Bunder (Mumbai) and Thane on 16 April 1853.

On 24 February 1873, a tram opened in Calcutta between Sealdah and Armenian Ghat Street. On 9 May 1874, a horse-drawn tramway began operation in Bombay between Colaba and Parel.

In 1986, computerized ticketing and reservations were introduced in New Delhi. In 1988, the was introduced between New Delhi and Jhansi; it was later extended to Bhopal. Two years later, the first self-printing ticket machine (SPTM) was introduced in New Delhi. In 1993, air-conditioned three-tier coaches and a sleeper class (separate from second class) were introduced on IR. The CONCERT system of computerized reservations was deployed in New Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai in September 1996. In 1998, coupon validating machines (CVMs) were introduced at Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus. The nationwide concierge system began operation on 18 April 1999. In February 2000, the Indian Railways website went online.

The story of Indian Railways began over a century and a half ago during British colonial rule. The first train journey in India took place in 1853, covering a distance of 34 km from Bombay (now Mumbai) to Thane. Since then, the Indian Railways has come a long way, evolving into one of the world's largest railway networks.

Indian Railways is headed by a Four-member Railway Board. The chairman of the board reports to the Ministry of Railways. The Railway Board also acts as the Ministry of Railways. The officers working in the office of Railway Board are mostly from organised Group A Railway Services and Railway Board Secretariat Service.

IR is divided into 18 zones, headed by general railway managers or GRM. GRMs report to the Railway Board.

The zones are further subdivided into 71 operating divisions, headed by divisional railway managers (DRM). The divisional officers of the various categories - engineering, mechanical, electrical, signal and telecommunication, stores, accounts, personnel, operating, commercial, security and safety branches - report to their respective DRMs. They are tasked with the operation and maintenance of assets.

Station masters control individual stations and train movements within their stations' territory. In addition, there are a number of production units, training establishments, public sector enterprises and other offices working under the control of the Railway Board.


Saptari 3 (constituency)

Saptari 3 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Saptari 3 incorporates Rupani Rural Municipality, Bishnupur Rural Municipality, Belhi Chapena Rural Municipality, Sambhunath Municipality and Dakneshwari Municipality.

It encompasses the following Province No. 2 Provincial Assembly segment


Bara 4 (constituency)

Bara 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Bara District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Bara 4 incorporates Parwanipur Rural Municipality, Prasauni Rural Municipality, Bishrampur Rural Municipality, ward 17 of Kalaiya Sub-metropolitan City, wards 1–4 of Pheta Rural Municipality, and wards 1–10 and 19–24 of Jitpur Simara Sub-metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Province No. 2 Provincial Assembly segment


Rashtrapati Nilayam

Rashtrapati Nilayam (literally the "President's House") formerly known as Residency House is the official retreat of the President of India.

Parsa 2 (constituency)

Parsa 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 2 incorporates Parsagadhi Municipality, wards 2–4 and 6 of Bahudarmai Municipality and wards 1, 3, 6, 8, 10, 17, 19 and 24–29 of Birgunj Metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Assembly segment

Miao shrine

Miao (廟) are buildings in East Asian religions where people worship gods and legendary heroes. They are a kind of Chinese temple and are different than Ci Shrines where people are worshipped instead of gods.

The word shenmiao (神庙, lit God-Miao) is normally translated as temple


Electroscope

An electroscope is a scientific instrument. It is used to detect electric charges. It can detect electric charges because of the electrostatic forces. The first electroscope was invented by William Gilbert.

Patriarchal clan system

The Patriarchal system was an important political system in the Western Zhou. The patriarchal system was based on blood ties. Firstborn succession was important to it. It helped maintain stability in the Western Zhou. Together with the Ritual Music System it is seen as having been the foundation of Zhou society


Slam-door train

A slam-door train or slammer is a set of diesel multiple units (DMUs) or electric multiple units (EMUs) that were made before the creation of automatic doors on railway carriages in the United Kingdom and other countries, which have manually operated doors. The name came about because of the noise made by the passengers slamming the doors closed when the train was about to depart.

Some slam-door trains had doors that could only be opened from the outside, so passengers had to lean out of the window to reach the outside door handle.

In 2005, all slam-door trains were replaced with trains with automatic operated doors.

Ada Ameh

Ada Ameh was a from Idoma in Benue State. he was born and raised in Ajegunle in Lagos State. Ameh did both primary and secondary education in Lagos State but didn't further at age 14, the same age she gave birth to her first daughter.
In 1995,Ameh officially became part of the Nigerian movie industry Nollywood and took on her first movie role in 1996,where she acted the character Anita in the movie Domitila,which became quite successful. The movie was produced by Zeb Ejior. Ameh also acted in the Nigerian TV series titled The Johnsons,which also became a successful project that received awards.

Noa Man

Noa Diorgina Man (born 11 December 2004) is a Dutch freerunner. 

Man started with freerunning when she was 12 years old. When Man was 13 years old, she became senior national champion. In 2021 she won the Red Bull Art of Motion. At the Parkour competitions at the 2022 World Games she won the gold medal in the freestyle event and the silver medal in the speedrun event.

Jody Beckers

Jody Beckers (born 10 December 1993) is a Dutch compound archer. She represents the Netherlands at international tournaments.

Beckers competed at the 2022 European Archery Championships. In July 2022 she became Dutch national champion. She was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham. Together with Mike Schloesser she won the silver medal in the mixed team compound event. 

Beckers works in a archery wholesaler.

Standard Life Building

The Standard Life Building is a historic high-rise building in Jackson, Mississippi, United States.

Regions Plaza (Jackson, Mississippi)

The Regions Plaza is a high-rise office building in Jackson, Mississippi, United States.

Phil Carlson

Phillip Henry Carlson (8 August 1951 – 29 July 2022) was an Australian cricketer who played two tests and 4 one-day internationals in 1979. He was diagnosed type 1 diabetes at the age of 47.

Carlson died on 29 July 2022, ten days before his 71st birthday.

Ankie Timmers

Ankie Timmers (born 14 October 1986) is a Dutch power lifter. She represents the Netherlands at international tournaments. She is a former European Champion, 2019 European Powerlifter of the Year and World Championships medalist.

Since 2013 she is trained by Alain Hammang in Luxembourgh. She competed for the first time at the World Games at the 2013 World Games. At the 2017 World Games Timmers finished seventh in the heavyweight event. At the event she improved the Dutch squat national record to 220 kg. Timmers won the silver medal at the 2018 World Championships. In 2019 she became European Champion. She became European Powerlifter of the year, and became the first Dutch women to win this award. At the 2022 World Games she just didn't win a medal, finishing fourth place in the heavyweight event.

Brighton, Vermont

Brighton is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Dajenka Meijer

Dajenka Meijer (born 24 October 2001) is a Dutch kickboxer from Kiel-Windeweer. She represents the Netherlands at international touraments.

Since 2019 she is trained by Denis van der Giessen. Meijer became World Champion in 2021 in the B-division. With this resuls she qualified for the 2022 World Games. Ahead of the 2022 World Games she competed at the Enfusion Gala at the MartiniPlaza. At the 2022 World Games she just didn't win a medal, finishing in fourth position.

Lynn Snel

Lynn Snel (born 14 May 1998) is a Dutch karateka from Zaandam. She represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

Snel is multiple times Dutch national champion. Snel was not able to qualify for the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics. Despite a poor preparation, Snel won the bronze medal at the 2021 World Karate Championships. It was the first time since 17 years the Netherlands won a medal at the World Championships. She finished fifth at the 2022 World Games

Roman Kutuzov

Roman Vladimirovich Kutuzov (; 16 February 1969 – 5 June 2022) was a Russian lieutenant general. He was killed during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Indiana's 2nd congressional district

Indiana's 2nd congressional district is a legislative electoral area in Indiana. Areas that it represents are South Bend and Elkhart.

The district's seat in Congress is vacant as of August 3, 2022, after the death of Republican Jackie Walorski.

Balikpapan

Balikpapan is a seaport city in East Kalimantan, Indonesia. It is on the east coast of the island of Borneo.

Lennart Back

Torsten Lennart Back (28 May 1933 – 1 August 2022) was a Swedish race walker. He won a bronze medal in the 20 km event at the 1958 European Championships. He finished sixth at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Buddy Arrington

Buddy Arrington (July 26, 1938 – August 2, 2022) was an American NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver. He was born in Martinsville, Virginia. His career began in 1963 and he retired in 1988.

Arrington died on August 2, 2022 in Martinsville at the age of 84.

You Can Call Me Al

"You Can Call Me Al" is a song by Paul Simon. It was the first single from Simon’s seventh studio album, Graceland (1986). It was released on Warner Bros. Records. It was written by Simon. The words are about a person in a midlife crisis. It was partly based on Simon's trip to South Africa and how he saw that country’s culture.

Luis Augusto Castro Quiroga

Luis Augusto Castro Quiroga (8 April 1942 – 2 August 2022) was a Colombian Roman Catholic prelate. Castro Quiroga was born in Bogota, Colombia.

Castro Quiroga was the Apostolic Vicar of San Vicente del Caguán from 1986 to 1998. He was also the Archbishop of Tunja from 1998 to 2020. He was the President of Episcopal Conference of Colombia two times from 2005 to 2008 and 2015 to 2017.

Castro Quiroga died on 2 August 2022 in Bogota from COVID-19 at the age of 80.

Zbyszko Piwoński

Zbyszko Piwoński (9 July 1929 – 2 August 2022) was a Polish teacher and politician. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party and later the Democratic Left Alliance. He was Voivode of Zielona Góra Voivodeship from 1984 to 1990 and was a Senator from 1993 to 2005. Piwoński was born in Stawiska, Poland.

Piwoński died on 2 August 2022 at the age of 93.

Yadu

Yadu (legendary king) () is one of the five Indo-Aryan tribes ("panchajana", "panchakrishtya" or "panchamanusha") mentioned in the Rig Veda (I.54.6, I.108.7, X.62.10). The Mahabharata, the Harivamsha and the Puranas mention Yadu as the eldest son of king Yayati and his queen Devayani. The prince of King Yayati, Yadu was a self-respecting and a very established ruler. According to the Vishnu Purana, the Bhagavata Purana and the Garuda Purana Yadu had four sons, while according to the rest of the Puranas he had five sons. The names of his sons are: Sahasrajit (or Sahasrada), Kroshtu (or Kroshta), Nila, Antika and Laghu. The kings between Budha and Yayati were known as Somavanshi. According to a narrative found in the Mahabharata, and the Vishnu Purana, Yadu refused to exchange his years of youth with his father Yayati. So he was cursed by Yayati that none of Yadu's progeny shall possess the dominion under his father's command. Thereby, he could not have carried on the same dynasty, called Somavamshi. Notably, the only remaining dynasty of King Puru was entitled to be known as Somavamshi. Thereby King Yadu ordered that the future generations of his would be known as "Yadavs" and the dynasty would be known as "Yaduvamshi". The generations of Yadu had an unprecedented growth and got divided into two branches.

Ng Boon Bee

Dato' Ng Boon Bee (; 17 December 1937 – 3 August 2022) was a Malaysian badminton player. He was born in Ipoh, British Malaysia. His career began in 1960 and he retired in 1973. He won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 

Boon Bee died at a hospital in Perak, Malaysia on 3 August 2022 at the age of 84.

White Pony

White Pony is the third album by the alternative metal band Deftones. It was released on June 20, 2000. It was made by Terry Date, who also made the band's first two albums: Adrenaline (1995) and Around the Fur (1997). It was recorded between August and December 1999 in Sausalito, California.


Petro Kravchuk

Petro Kostiantynovych Kravchuk (; 11 July 1962 – 3 August 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of Ukraine – Forward!. He was a People's Deputy of Ukraine from 2006 to 2008. Kravchuk was born in Volyn Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Kravchuk died on 3 August 2022, at the age of 60.

Andrejs Rubins

Andrejs Rubins (26 November 1978 – 1 August 2022) was a Latvian professional footballer. He played as a left midfielder. He played for the Latvia national team from 1998 until 2011, making 117 appearances. 

Rubins died on 1 August 2022 at the age of 43.

When the Boat Comes In

When the Boat Comes In is a British period drama. It was made by the BBC between 1976 and 1981. The show stars James Bolam as Jack Ford. Ford is a First World War veteran who returns to his hometown of Gallowshield in the North East of England. Gallowshield is not actually real. In the show, it has a lot of poverty. The show talks about political problems in the 1920s and 1930s, after World War I but before World War II. It shows how these problems affect Ford and the other characters.

Villiam Vecchi

Villiam Vecchi (28 December 1948 – 3 August 2022) was an Italian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Scandiano, Italy. He mainly played for Como 1907 from 1976 until 1981, making 147 appearances.

Vecchi died on 3 August 2022 in Reggio Emilia, Italy at the age of 73.

What You Won't Do for Love (song)

"What You Won't Do for Love" is a song by Bobby Caldwell. It was released in September 1978. It was the lead single from Caldwell’s first album, which was named after him. It was written by Caldwell and Alfons Kettner. It was made by Ann Holloway. The song has been covered and sampled many times. One of the times was by Tupac Shakur in the 1998 song "Do for Love".

Scandiano

Scandiano (Reggiano: ) is a town and "comune" in Emilia-Romagna, in the northeast part of the country of Italy. It had a population of 25,663 in 2016.

Jackie Walorski

Jacqueline R. Walorski (, August 17, 1963 – August 3, 2022) was an American politician. She was the U.S. representative for Indiana's 2nd congressional district from 2013 until her death in 2022. She was a member of the Republican Party. She was a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from 2005 to 2010.

Walorski was born in South Bend, Indiana, on August 17, 1963. She studied at Liberty University and at Taylor University. In 1995, she married Dean Swihart.

Walorski began her career as a television reporter in South Bend from 1985 to 1989. Walorski moved to Romania in 2000 to focus on charity work and Christian missionary work for children there. She returned to the United States in 2004.

In 2004, Walorski ran for the Indiana House of Representatives. She ran for Indiana's 2nd District. Walorski beat Democrat Carl H. Kaser in a landslide victory with a 64% to 36% vote margin. In 2006, she won a second term with 53% of the vote. In 2008, she won a third term without anyone running against her.

In January 2009, Walorski announced her candidacy to run against Democratic U.S. Representative Joe Donnelly. She won the Republican primary in May 2010. She lost the general election with a 48% to 47% vote margin.

Donnelly decided not to run for reelection in the U.S. House, instead wanted to run for the U.S. Senate in 2012. In May 2012, Walorski won the Republican nomination for the U.S. House seat. Walorski would go on to win the general election with a 49% to 48% vote margin. 

In June 2017, she was honored with the Commander of the Order of the Star of Romania in Romania for her charity work there in the early 2000s.

Walorski voted against the second impeachment of Donald Trump and voted to not approve the certification of the 2020 United States presidential election.

In December 2020, Walorski was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives who supported "Texas v. Pennsylvania", a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court. This was an attempt to overturn the results of the 2020 United States presidential election, in which Joe Biden beat Donald Trump.

Walorski was killed in a car crash near Nappanee, Indiana on August 3, 2022 at the age of 58. Three other people were killed in the accident including her communications director, Emma Thomson, and her district director, Zachery Potts. The accident was caused when Walorski's car crashed with another car on State Road 19. Her funeral was held on August 11 in Granger, Indiana and she was buried at Southlawn Cemetery in South Bend.

U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said flags would be at half-staff at the United States Capitol in her honor. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, former Vice President Mike Pence, former President Donald Trump, and President Joe Biden released statements after her death honoring her.


Karl May

Karl Friedrich May (25 February 1842 – 30 March 1912) was a popular German author. He wrote over 70 books. He is known for fictional adventure works. His stories were in the 19th century. They usually take place in the American Old West, the Orient or the Middle East. His most famous fictional character was the Apache Native American Winnetou. Winnetou was together with the German engineer Old Shatterhand. Other notable characters are Kara Ben Nemsi and Hadschi Halef Omar. May later wrote more academic and philosophical writings. There are over 200 million copies of his works.

Indiana House of Representatives

The Indiana House of Representatives is the lower house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Indiana. The House is made up of 100 members. House members serve two-year terms without term limits.

Indiana General Assembly

The Indiana General Assembly is the state legislature, or legislative branch, of the state of Indiana. It is a bicameral legislature. It has a lower house, the Indiana House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Indiana Senate. The General Assembly meets at the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis.

Indiana Senate

The Indiana Senate is the upper house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Indiana. The Senate is made up of 50 members. Senators serve four-year terms without term limits. The Indiana Senate was created in 1816 along with the Indiana House of Representatives in 1816, when Indiana became a state.

Kenny Marchant

Kenny Ewell Marchant (born February 23, 1951) is an American politician. He was the U.S. representative for , from 2005 to 2021. He was a member of the Republican Party.

On August 5, 2019, Marchant announced that he would not seek re-election in 2020.

Taylor University

Taylor University is a private, interdenominational, evangelical Christian university in Upland, Indiana. It was founded in 1846. It is one of the oldest evangelical Christian universities in the country.

Upland, Indiana

Upland (pronounced as "up-land") is a town in Grant County, Indiana, United States. The population was 3,821 at the 2020 census. 

Adolfo Navajas Artaza

Adolfo Navajas Artaza (26 May 1925 – 2 August 2022) was an Argentine businessman and politician. He was an independent. He was Governor of Corrientes Province from 1969 to 1973. He also was Minister of Social Action from 1982 to 1983. He was born in Gobernador Virasoro, Argentina.

Navajas died on 2 August 2022 at the age of 97.

Cecilia Moreau

Cecilia Moreau (born 5 December 1976) is an Argentine politician. She is a National Deputy representing Buenos Aires Province since 2015. She is also the President of the Chamber of Deputies since 2022.

Leopoldo Moreau

Leopoldo Raúl Guido Moreau (born 5 November 1946) is an Argentine journalist and politician. He was a well known supporter of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. He was a member of both houses of the Argentine National Congress from 1983 to 2005, and National Deputy since 2017. He also was President of the Chamber of Deputies 1989. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Argentina in 2003.

Domingo Cavallo

Domingo Felipe Cavallo (born July 21, 1946) is an Argentine economist and politician. Between 1991 and 1996 he was Economic Ministry of Argentina during Carlos Menem presidency and again for a short time in 2001 during the Fernando de la Rúa presidency. He was known for making the U.S. dollar of legal use in Argentina. 

He unsuccessfully ran for President of Argentina in 1999. From 1989 to 1991, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs during the Carlos Menem presidency.

Massachusett

The Massachusett were a Native American tribe in the Northeastern Woodlands. They lived around the Boston area in what is now Massachusetts. Many Natives died from European diseases like smallpox. They were one of the first Natives the British colonists met. They were part of the Algonquian language family. The missionary John Eliot converted many Native peoples to Christianity.

Jesus and the woman caught in adultery

Jesus and the woman caught in adultery is a story from the New Testament of the Christian Bible. It is in John 7:53–8:11.

In the story, Jesus was teaching in the Second Temple after coming from the Mount of Olives. A group of scribes (record keepers) and Pharisees (Jewish teachers) interrupt Jesus and speak to him. These people do not like Jesus, so they want to trick him into saying something wrong. They bring in a woman and say she was caught in adultery: having sex with a man while married to another man. They say that for punishment, she should be killed by stoning, according to the law of Moses. They ask Jesus for his answer. He starts to write something on the ground with his finger, but when they ask him again, he answers. He says that a person who has never sinned (done something bad) should throw the first stone. The scribes and Pharisees know that they have all sinned, so they leave. Jesus asks the woman if anyone has condemned her, and she answers no. Jesus says that he, also, does not condemn her. He tells her to go and sin no more.

John 7:53–8:11 in the New Revised Standard Version:

The ideas in this story are important in Christian thought. There is a message of mercy and forgiveness, and a call for holy living, without sin. The phrases "go and sin no more" and to "cast the first stone" are in common use.

Most scholars agree that this story was not in the earliest versions of the Gospel of John. It was added later. Scholars learned this by reading these early versions, or manuscripts.

Trinidad and Tobago national rugby union team

The Trinidad and Tobago national rugby union team is a third tier rugby union from Trinidad and Tobago. They are yet to feature at the Rugby World Cup and are ranked 52nd as of July 2022.

Kodachrome (song)

"Kodachrome" is a 1973 song by Paul Simon and taken from his third album "There Goes Rhymin' Simon". It was named after Kodak. It went to number 2 in Canada and the United States.

Vagabond Heart

Vagabond Heart is the sixteen studio album by Rod Stewart was released on 26 March, 1991. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in the United States and topped the charts in Australia.

Notes

Storyteller – The Complete Anthology: 1964–1990

Storyteller – The Complete Anthology: 1964-1990 is a 4-disc compilation album by Rod Stewart released in November 1989. It went to number 1 in New Zealand and number 5 in Australia in 2012.






Tony Magnusson

Tony Magnusson (born February 23, 1963) is a Swedish professional skateboarder and coowner of Osiris Shoes. Magnusson was born in Tyresö, located in Stockholm, Sweden. Magnusson started his career in 1983. He was a rider in the United States for the Uncle Wiggley team.

Osiris was founded in 1996, and produces technical footwear for skateboarders.

Mary McAllister

Mary McAllister, also known as Little Mary McAllister, (born Mary McAlister; May 27, 1908 – May 1, 1991) was an American silent film actress of Hollywood, and a pioneer of child actors.

McAllister was born in Los Angeles, California. She started her acting career at the early age of 6.

Carolyn Rouse

Carolyn Moxley Rouse (born c. 1965) is an American anthropologist, professor and filmmaker. She is Professor and Chair of the Department of Anthropology at Princeton University.

In her junior year, she studied abroad in Kenya in a program focused on wildlife biology. She is a master's in visual anthropology and a Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of Southern California.

John Schroeder (golfer)

John Lawrence Schroeder (born November 12, 1945) is an American professional golfer. He played on the PGA Tour and Champions Tour.

Schroeder was born in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, the son of tennis great Ted Schroeder. He studied at the University of Michigan and was a member of the golf team, an All-American in 1968. He turned pro in 1969. 

N. van Driel

N. van Driel was a Dutch track and field athlete representing athletics club R.S. Rozenburg in the early 1920s. She also played korball with the same club. 

Van Driel was the only women who was able in 1921 to beat Annie van de Blankevoort in the 80 metres event, who was was named in the media “the invincible” that year. She beated her at the seasons’ first 1921 South Holland competition meeting.

At the 1921 Dutch Athletics Championships was the first national championships that included women’s events. Van Driel became the first female Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres relay event with Rozenburg. She won also the bronze medal in the 80 metres as part of these national championships a week later.



Gopal Chandra Budhathoki

Gopal Chandra Budhathoki is a Nepali politicaian. He is a former member of Provincial Assembly of Province No. 1. He was elected from Jhapa 1 (constituency) (B). He is the current Mayor of Mechinagar Municipality.

The CPN UML candidate Gopal Chandra Budhathoki was elected as a member of Provincial
Assembly of Province No. 1 by 17,839 votes. His nearest rival of Nepali Congress Ashok Kumar
Pokharel got 9,978 votes.

Kingdom of Afghanistan

The Kingdom of Afghanistan (; ) was a constitutional monarchy in Central Asia established in 1926 as a successor state to the Emirate of Afghanistan. It was proclaimed by its first king, Amanullah Khan, seven years after he acceded to the throne. The monarchy ended in the 1973 Afghan coup d'état.

Vani Kola

Vani Kola is an Indian venture capitalist. She is the founder and managing director of Kalaari Capital, a venture capital firm. Vani was listed in the "Fortune" magazine's Most powerful women in Indian business list for the year 2014
, 2018 and 2019.
She was born in 1964 in Hyderabad, India. She completed her engineering education from Osmania University.

At the age of 22, Vani Kola founded a company called Certus Software in Silicon Valley and served as CEO. After working in Silicon Valley for 22 years, she returned to India in 2006 and founded Kalaari Capital in partnership with various venture capital companies. The company was established in 2012 with an investment of US$150 million. Under Vani's chairmanship, the company's investment reached US$650 million in 2017, which was US$150 million in 2012.


Battle Royale (movie)


Urfi Javed

Urfi Javed (Uorfi Javed) is an Indian television actress. She is known for portraying the role of Avni in "Bade Bhaiyaa Ki Dulhaniya", Aarti in "Meri Durga" and Bella in "Bepanaah".

She was in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. Urfi did her schooling from City Montessori School and then did her graduation in Mass Communication from Amity University. She was working as a fashion designer's assistant in Delhi and then moved to Mumbai. 

In 2016, Javed appeared in Sony TV's "Bade Bhaiya Ki Dulhania" as Avni Pant. In the same year, she played the role of Chhaya on StarPlus's "Chandra Nandini".
In 2017, she played the role of Aarti in Star Plus's "Meri Durga". In 2018, she was seen in SAB TV's "Saat Phero Ki Hera Pheri" and in Colors TV's "Bepanaah".

Zee Keralam

Zee Keralam is an Indian Malayalam-language television channel.

Menominee

The Menominee or Menomini or Mamaceqtaw are a federally recognized group of Native American tribes. They live in Wisconsin. Their territory used to be much larger. It was about 10 million acres. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their large language group is the Algonquian-language. They speak the Menominee language. The five clans include the Bear, the Eagle, the Wolf, the Crane, and the Moose. An important food was wild rice. The Ojibwe people called them "wild rice people" or "manoominii". The tribes were usually peaceful. Descent and inheritance were through the father (patrilineal). The tribes had similar cultures to the Chippewa. The tribe had early contact with French colonists. In the 19th century, the Menominee sold much of their land to the United States. This included parts of Michigan and Wisconsin. In "Menominee Tribe v. United States" (1968), the Supreme Court decided that the Menominee could keep their right to hunting and fishing.

Zee Punjabi

Zee Punjabi is an Indian television channel

Miami people

The Miami are a Native American Nation. They lived around the Great Lakes in parts of Indiana, Michigan and Ohio. They were part of the Northeastern Woodlands. They are also part of the Algonquian language family. The Miami included the Piankeshaw, Wea, Pepikokia, Kilatika, Mengakonkia, and Atchakangouen. Most were forced to move to Indian Territory in the 19th century. The Miami Tribe of Oklahoma is the only Miami people tribe recognized by the US Government. 

The Miami were originally part of the Mississippian Culture. They moved North around the Great Lakes. Conflict with the Iroquois in the Beaver Wars reduced the population. The Miami eventually went back to their territory in the 18th century. There was conflict with American settlers after the Treaty of Paris. In this treaty, Great Britain gave the lands including Indiana, Michigan and Ohio to the United States. The Miami supported tribes coming from the east like Lenape and Shawnee. The Americans attacked Natives in the region several times. The Battle of Fallen Timbers was the last battle of the Northwest Indian War. The war ended with the Treaty of Greenville (1795). Tribe leaders gave up most of their land in Ohio. Some Miami still resisted and supported the Shawnee Tecumseh. In the 19th century tribes were forced to move to Indian Territory in Oklahoma.

Miami (disambiguation)

Miami is a city in the U.S. state of Florida.

Miami may also refer to:










Mohegan

The Mohegan are a Native American tribe from present-day Connecticut. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. The language family is the Algonquian language. It is a nationally recognized tribe in Connecticut. The Mohegan and Pequot used to be together during colonial times. The name Mohegan means "People of the Wolf". The Mohegan were attacked by the Mohawk. The Mohawk were part of the Iroquois Confederacy. The Mohegan eventually lost their lands. The Mohegan today are the Mohegan Tribe. They live on the Mohegan Indian Reservation.

Palácio Quitandinha

The Palácio Quitandinha (Portuguese for "Quitandinha Palace") is a historic former luxury resort hotel, casino and convention center in Petrópolis, State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In 1947, the Palácio Quitandinha was the site of the Rio Treaty, attended by United States President Harry Truman.

The hotel was, for many years, probably the second most famous hotel of the country, after the Copacabana Palace hotel in Rio de Janeiro, which is only about 65 km from Petrópolis. The scenic artificial lake in front of the hotel, loosely resembling the shape of Brazil, was built as a source of water in the event of a fire.

Famous guests who stayed at the hotel included Errol Flynn, Orson Welles, Lana Turner, Henry Fonda, Maurice Chevalier, Greta Garbo, Carmen Miranda, Walt Disney, Bing Crosby, politicians like Eva Perón and president Getúlio Vargas of Brazil and king Carol II of Romania.

The hotel eventually closed in 1962 and its rooms were sold as private residences in 1963.


Pseudacris nigrita

The southern chorus frog, black tree frog, black chorus frog, chorus frog, swamp chorus frog, swamp tree frog, southern chorus frog, striped southern chorus frog, Florida winter frog, or Florida chorus frog ("Pseudacris nigrita") is a frog. It lives in the southeastern United States, on the Atlantic coastal plain. It lives as far north as Virginia and North Carolina and as far south as Florida.

This frog is 19 to 32 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a narrow head and body. The skin on its back is light brown or dark brown in color. It has three rows of dots or spots side to side across its back. Some frogs have a strope that goes all the way to the nose, but some do not. There are spots or stripes on all four legs. The belly is light yellow and sometimes has spots. The adult male frog has green or orange color on its throat.

The tadpoles are 4.5 mm long when they first hatch from their eggs. They have a dark stripe on each side of the body. They can grow to 35 mm long before becoming frogs. The new frogs are between 8.5 and 10.5 mm long.

There are two subspecies of this frog: "Pseudacris nigrita nigrita" and "Pseudacris nigrita verrucosa". "Pseudacris nigrita nigrita" has a black stripe on the lip and "Pseudacris nigrita verrucosa" has a white one.

This frog lives in or near shallow water: ponds, puddles and other bodies of water.

Northwest Indian War

The Northwest Indian War (1786–1795) was a war between Native Americans of the Northwest Indian Confederacy and the United States. The war was about who should control the Northwest Territory. This territory included the current states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan and Wisconsin. It is considered the first war of the American Indian Wars. The United States lost several battles. Eventually, the Americans won and defeated the Native Americans. 

The United States got the land of the Northwest Territory from Great Britain. This land was part of the Treaty of Paris (1783) after the American Revolution. There were several defeats for the Americans. They include Harmar campaign (1790) and St. Clair's defeat (1791). St. Clair's defeat was a major defeat for the Americans. It is perhaps the greatest defeat in American military history. Many American soldiers died. General Washington created a larger army. He made Anthony Wayne the new General. Americans won the last battle. This battle was the Battle of Fallen Timbers. The Natives had to give up their land in Ohio in the Treaty of Greenville (1795). In the Jay Treaty (1795), Natives gave up the lands around the British Great Lakes. 




Montaukett

The Montaukett or Montauk are Native American people from Long Island, New York. They are part of the Algonquian-language group. They are also part of the Northeastern Woodlands. They are related to the Pequot and Narragansett peoples. Montauketts were allied with the settlers during the Pequot War. Colonization spread disease and made the population smaller. Montauk descendants live in Wisconsin and the Shinnecock Reservation in New York. The US Government has not recognized any tribes of the Montauk. 

Nanticoke

The Nanticoke people are Native American people from present-day Chesapeake Bay and Delaware. They are part of the Algonquian language group. The Nanticoke language is an extinct language. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their tribes include the Choptank, the Assateague, the Piscataway, and the Doeg. The Nanticoke live in many places today. They include the Northeastern United States and Canada, Delaware, Ontario and Oklahoma. Some Nanticoke people are recognized by states and governments. This includes the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation. The Nanticoke Lenni-Lenape Indians are recognized in New Jersey. 

Niantic

The Niantic (Nehântick or Nehantucket in their language) were a Native American tribe. They lived in the southern parts of present-day Rhode Island and Connecticut. They were part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language was part of the Algonquian-language group. There was an Eastern and Western Niantic. The Eastern Niantic were with the Pequot. The Western Niantic were with the Narragansetts. Niantic were forced off of their lands and went to New York and Wisconsin. A couple of dozen of families claimed to be Niantic in the late 20th century. They have asked to be recognized by the US Government.

Scott McClellan

Scott McClellan (born February 14, 1968) was the 24th White House Press Secretary for President George W. Bush. He wrote a book called "What Happened" about Bush presidency. He replaced Ari Fleischer as press secretary in July 2003 and served until May 10, 2006. McClellan was the longest serving press secretary under George W. Bush.

He is now the Vice President for Communications at Seattle University.

Battle of Fallen Timbers

The Battle of Fallen Timbers (20 August 1794) was the last battle of the Northwest Indian War. The battle was between the Native Americans of the Northwest Indian Confederacy and the United States. British were allied with the Natives. The battle was in northeastern Ohio. There had been a tornado. The tornado ripped down trees. That is where the name Fallen Timbers comes from. General Anthony Wayne led the United States. General Charles Scott supported Wayne with the Kentucky Militia. Blue Jacket was the Shawnee Chief and military leader. Egushawa was chief and

military leader of the Ottawas. The battle only lasted about one hour. The Natives lost against the United States. Natives had to give up their lands in the Northwest Territory in the Treaty of Greenville and Jay's Treaty (1795). 

Little Turtle

Little Turtle (Miami-Illinois: Mihšihkinaahkwa) was a Sagamore (chief) of the Miami people. He was a very famous Native American military leader. He was important in the fights over the Northwest Territory. He was a key leader in the Northwest Indian Wars. Little Turtle made same important victories against the United States. These are sometimes called "Little Turtle's War". A famous victory was St. Clair’s defeat. Mihšihkinaahkwa and natives lost against the United States in the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He signed the Treaty of Greenville. In this treaty, he and other chiefs gave up Native lands to the United States. Afterwards, he told other Natives to keep peace. He stopped the Miami people from joining the Shawnee and Tecumseh. He became famous among American whites and even visited George Washington.

There is a special burial site for Little Turtle at Fort Wayne, Indiana.

Tritagonist

In fiction a tritagonist is the third most important character after the protagonist and deuteragonist.

DWDE-TV

DWDE-DTV, channel 35, is a UHF television station in the Philippines owned and operated by the Delta Broadcasting System, a company owned by El Shaddai servant leader Bro. Mike Z. Velarde. Its studios and transmitter are located at 8F Queensway Building, 118 Amorsolo St. Legaspi Village, Makati.

UHF Channel 35 (599.143 MHz)

International Science Olympiad

The International Science Olympiads (ISO) are worldwide annual competitions in different areas of science. There are 15 commonly recognized International Olympiads.

Crimes of Passion (Pat Benatar album)

Crimes of Passion is the second album by Pat Benatar and was released 5 August, 1980 through Chrysalis Records. It went to number 2 in the United States and Canada.

Steely Dan discography

Steely Dan has nine studio albums, two live albums, twenty-one singles, seven compilation albums, one CD set, and one box set. The band has sold more than forty million albums.

Studio albums

Live albums and videos

Compilations

I Need a Lover

I Need a Lover is a 1978 debut song by John Mellencamp and was covered by Pat Benatar for her 1979 album In the Heat of the Night.

Vice President of Nepal

The vice president of Nepal (Nepali: नेपालका उपराष्ट्रपतिहरू, "Nēpālakā uparāṣṭrapatiharū") is the deputy to the head of state of Nepal. The position was created when the Nepalese monarchy was abolished in May 2008. The current vice-president of Nepal is Ram Sahaya Yadav. The vice president is to be formally addressed as 'His Excellency'. He is currently serving as the 2nd vice President of Nepal.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – long jump

The long jump at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, on 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Traute Göppner won the event in a new world record with a distance of 43.795 metres, ahead of the German women Hedwig Bauschulte and Czechoslovak Zdena Koubková. She beat her own world record of 43.08 metres.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechoslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the long jump event.

The long jump qualification took place in the morning session on 11 August.
The final took place in the afternoon session on 11 August 1934.
Sources:

Late Ordovician glaciation

The Late Ordovician glaciation happened about 440–460 million years ago. It also called the Hirnantian glaciation. Its centre was the Sahara region in late Ordovician, about 440–460 mya (million years ago). 

It was probably the cause of the Ordovician-Silurian extinction event. Evidence of this glaciation can be seen in places such as Morocco, South Africa, Libya, and Wyoming (which at the time were near together). 

More evidence is got from isotopic data. During the Late Ordovician, tropical ocean temperatures were about 5 °C cooler than present day. This would have been a major cause of the glaciation.

The Late Ordovician had a major mass extinction of nearly 61% of marine life. Estimates of peak ice sheet volume range from 50 to 250 million cubic kilometers, and its duration from 35 million to less than 1 million years. There were also two peaks of glaciation. Glaciation of the Northern Hemisphere was slight because most of the land was in the Southern Hemisphere.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – javelin throw

The javelin throw at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, on 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Lisa Gelius won the event in a new world record with a distance of 43.795 metres, ahead of the Austrian woman Herma Bauma and German Luise Krüger.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the javelin throw event.

Eileen Crockart was named as the South African athlete in the field events.

The javelin throw qualification took place in the morning session on 11 August.
The final took place in the afternoon session on 11 August 1934.
Sources:

PTC (software company)

PTC Inc. (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is an American computer software and services company. It was founded in 1985 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. PTC products and services are Internet of things (IoT), augmented reality (AR), and collaboration software.

Ali Haydar (Syrian army officer)

Ali Haydar (; 1932 – 5 August 2022), known as the "father of the Syrian Special Forces", was a Syrian general. He was the commander of the Syrian Special Forces for 26 years. He was seen as an ally of President Hafez al-Assad. 

Adriana Roel

Adriana Roel (5 July 1934 – 4 August 2022) was a Mexican actress. She was known for her role in the Mexican telenovela "Huracán". She also starred in "Viva Maria!", "Autumn Days" and "Chucho el Roto".

Akin Mabogunje

Akinlawon Ladipo "Akin" Mabogunje (18 October 1931 – 4 August 2022) was a Nigerian geographer. He was the first African president of the International Geographical Union. In 1999, he was the first African to be elected as a Foreign Associate of the United States National Academy of Sciences. 

In 2017, he was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was born in Kano, Nigeria.

Synopsys

Synopsys is an American electronic design automation company. Synopsys was founded by Aart J de Geus and David Gregory in 1986 in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. Their technology is present in self-driving cars, artificial intelligence, and internet of things consumer products.

Margot Eskens

Margot Eskens (12 August 1939 – 29 July 2022) was a German Schlager singer. She was active in the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Düren, Germany. In 1955, she became popular with "Ich möchte heut ausgehn". In 1956 and 1957 she had two number 1 hits, "Tiritomba" and "Cindy oh Cindy". In 1966, she represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest and won tenth place.

On 29 July 2022, she died at age 82.

Hits that reached the German Top 20



Twilio

Twilio (/ˈtwɪlioʊ/) is an American company based in San Francisco, California. It provides programmable communication tools. Twilio uses Amazon Web Services to host its communication infrastructure via APIs. Their services making and receiving phone calls, sending and receiving text messages, and performing other communication functions using its web service APIs.

Basketball at the 1934 Women's World Games

Basketball at the 1934 Women's World Games was the second appearance of the sport at the Women's World Games.

In the final France beat the United States and became the champion.


The only semi-final was played on 8 August between Poland and France. The referee of the semi-final was from France, leading to protest of the Polish team in such an important game. France beated Poland with 36 versus 20 points. Poland was eventually classified in third place of the Games.
In the final France beated the United States and so becoming World World Games champion. Like in the semi-final, also in this match the referee was from France.

Suzie Zuzek

Suzie Zuzek (1920–2011) was an American artist and textile designer. Her work was mainly seen in Lilly Pulitzer dresses from the 1960s to the 1980s. While Zuzek used a naturalistic color scheme, both bright flowers and soft-toned animals in true hues, Pulitzer printed them in strong, vivid colors. Zuzek was born Agnes Helen Zuzek in 1920 to Yugoslav immigrants. She grew up outside of Buffalo, New York, and served in the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps during World War II. 

Hélène Berr

Hélène Maxime Camille Berr ( – April 1945), commonly referred to as Hélène Berr, was a French-born Jewish woman, who was the author of a diary written from 1942 to 1944. The diary was published as a book for the first time in 2008.

Hélène Berr was born into a Jewish family of Alsatian origin, and was a descendant (maternal great-grandaughter) of the French engineer Maurice Lévy. In her diary, Hélène used quotes from authors such as William Shakespeare and Lewis Carroll. In a diary entry, she wrote that "the war is just a bad dream." In her diary, Hélène writes about her daily life during the occupation, and anti-Semitic allusions, such as being forced to wear the yellow star badge, when outside.

Hélène Berr was born as Hélène Maxime Camille Berr on in the Hôtel-de-Ville arrondissement of Paris, Paris, France. She was the daughter of Raymond Berr, who was a polytechnician in the École polytechnique, a engineer in the Corps des Maines, and a vice-president of the Kuhlmann Establishments (which later merged with Pechiney).

Hélène's plan was to pass the final exam for the Paris-Sorbonne University. But she was rejected from attending the final exam, becuase the German government did not allow Jews to study there, any longer. When this did not work for Hélène Berr, who was 21 years old at the time, she decided to go find a job. She presented herself at the headquarters to the General Union of Israelites of France (UGIF). Hélène volunteered to be a social worker. She was accepted, and got the role as a volunteered social worker on 6 July 1942. Just almost three months earlier, she went to visit Paul Valéry, and on that same day, she began writing her diary. The first entry in her diary is dated 7 April 1942. The diary was published for the first time in 2008 by Tallandier Editions. Patrick Modiano once compared Hélène's style of writing to the writing style of Katherine Mansfield. Hélène Berr also became a secretary for Denise Milhaud at the Temporary Mutual Aid, a clandestine group created in 1941, alongside the Social Service for Aid to Emigrants. Lucie Chevalley served as director of the group.

On the morning hours of 8 March 1944, at dawn, Hélène Berr was arrested with her parents at their house, at 5 Avenue Élisée-Reclus. Following their arrest, they were detained at the Drancy internment camp.
On 27 March 1944, Hélène's 23rd birthday, she and her father and mother left Drancy, on a deportation to Auschwitz.

Faced with the advance of the Soviet Red Army, Hélène left with a convoy of other inmates on a evacuation from Auschwitz, on 31 October 1944, and arrived in their destination in Bergen-Belsen three days later on 3 November. After their arrival, there was a raging typhus epidemic in the camp. Hélène contracted typhus and became ill. Around April 1945, there was a roll-call in the camp, and Hélène was too weak to attend it, so she got beaten to near death by a German officer. She later died as a result of her wounds, in possible addition to typhus. The camp was liberated on 15 April. Mariette Job, Hélène's niece and the publisher and editor of her diary, suggests a death date of 10 April 1945 (five days before the camp was liberated), but does not specify why he suggests this.

There is a media library that is named after Hélène Berr, in the Reuilly arrondissement of Paris, Paris, France, as well as a reading hall in the Paris-Sorbonne University (the university Hélène Berr attended) named after her.

In the ruins of a 18th century castle named Château de Vivier in Yvelines, France, there is a commemorative plague that is made in the memory of the young diarist was placed near the entrance to the castle. The commemorative plague was made in 2016.

There is a plague on 5 Avenue Élisée-Reclus (the house where Hélène and her family lived and were arrested on 8 March 1944) made in Hélène Berr's memory.

The first entry in Hélène's diary is dated 7 April 1942, the same day she went to visit Paul Valéry. The last entry of her diary is dated 15 February 1944 and is written in the Palais-Bourbon arrondissement of Paris, with the last line in her diary being: "Horror, Horror, Horror!", a line from William Shakespeare's play "Macbeth". Macduff similarly writes, "O horror, horror, horror!" But this line is also the strong reminiscent of "The horror! The horror!", as said by Kurtz, a fictional character in the last line of the novel "Heart of Darkness" as written by Joseph Conrad (This quote is one of the many quotes Hélène Berr used in her diary). Most of the quotes Hélène Berr used in her diary, are those of the English romantic poet John Keats, whose work she studied.

The diary consists of 262 loose sheets. Hélène wrote in fine handwriting using both blue or black ink and pencil in the sheets.
As the pages in her diary go by, Hélène's handwriting can get very hasty. Mariette Job, Hélène's niece, published and edited her diary. He was also a former bookseller. Once he began reading it, he realized that he was reading a text written by his niece (because of stuff circulating in her family, that she mentioned). The original copy of Hélène's diary was given to Jean Morawiecki, Hélène's fiance, and was in his hands, as she wished when she was still alive. He became a diplomat after the war ended. He also appointed Mariette Job as legatee of the diary. 
The original manuscript of the diary was deposited in 2002 at the Shoah Memorial. It was first published in January 2008 by Tallandier Editions, with a preface by a novelist named Patrick Modiano. It was republished in pocket format by Points Editions in May 2009. (It is also available for reading in "school edition").

Bhutan national futsal team

The Bhutan national futsal team represents Bhutan in international futsal competitions and a yet to win a game. They are yet to qualify for the FIFA Futsal World Cup.

Czech handball at the 1934 Women's World Games

The Czech handball competitions at the 1934 Women's World Games in London was the second appearance of the sport at the Women's World Games. The "traditional" three czech handball teams entered for the tournament: Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia and Poland.

The final of the Czech handball tournament took place on 11 August in London. Yugoslavia won the final of Czechoslovakia described as a "sensational" victory and so became Women's World Games champion.

Sue Bird

Sue Bird is a retired WNBA basketball player who played for the Seattle Storm. She is a four time WNBA champion.

Ornate chorus frog

The ornate chorus frog, ornate tree frog, ornate land frog, smooth chorus frog, western chorus frog, or ornate winter frog ("Pseudacris ornata") is a frog. It lives in the southeastern United States, on the Atlantic coastal plain. It lives as far north as North Carolina and as far south as Florida and Louisiana.

Irena Jaznicka-Kamecka

Irena Jaznicka-Kamecka (7 December 1915 – 12 February 1968) was a Polish female basketball player. She was a member of Polonia Warsaw and the Poland women's national basketball team.

She competed with the national team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, but didn't reached the final and where classified third. With the national team she won four years later the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships. She also competed at EuroBasket Women 1950. She retired in 1954.

Her sister Maria Kamecka was also an international basketball player. She married to basketball player Henryk Jaźnicki.

Laramide orogeny

The Laramide orogeny was a time of mountain building in western North America. It started in the Upper Cretaceous, 70 to 80 million years ago. It ended 35 to 55 million years ago. 

The Laramide orogeny occurred in a series of pulses, with quiet phases in between. The main feature was a deep-seated orogeny, from Canada to northern Mexico. The easternmost mountain-building is the Black Hills of South Dakota. 

When Pangaea broke up, the Americas moved West. The buckling effect of this was the Andes and the Rockies. They over-rode existing continental plates and buckled up to produce the mountain ranges on the west of the Americas.

The Wild Wild West

The Wild Wild West is an American Western, espionage and science fiction television series created by Michael Garrison. It aired on the television network CBS for four seasons from September 17, 1965, to April 11, 1969.

The show is about two Secret Service agents James West (Robert Conrad) and Artemus Gordon (Ross Martin) working together to protect U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant. 

Two satirical comedy television movie sequels were made with the original cast in 1979 and 1980. An adaption of the show, "Wild Wild West", was released in 1999.

Helena Gruszczynska

Helena Gruszczynska was a Polish female basketball player and Czech handball player. She was a member of the Poland women's national basketball team and Poland women's national Czech handball team.

She competed with the national basketball team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, where they didn't reached the final and where classified third. With the national team she won four years later the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships.

With the national Czech Handball team she also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games Czech handball tournament. Ahead of the main tournament in London, they lost the qualifier match in Zagreb and were excluded from further competition.

Zdzislawa Wiszniewska-Bednarek

Zdzislawa Wiszniewska-Bednarek was a Polish female basketball player and Czech handball player. She was a member of SSA Warsaw, the Poland women's national basketball team and the Poland women's national Czech handball team playing as an halfback.

She competed with the national basketball team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, where they didn't reached the final and where classified third. She represented Italy three years later at the 1937 International University Games. With the national team she won the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships.

With the national Czech Handball team she also competed at the World Games in the 1934 Women's World Games Czech handball tournament. Ahead of the main tournament in London, they lost the qualifier match in Zagreb against France and were excluded from further competition.

Christiane Moreau

Christiane Moreau (1906 - 2000) was a French female basketball player and resistance fighter from Nantes. She was a member of the earliest France women's national basketball team.

With the national team, she competed at the EuroBasket Women 1938, the first official European championships, finishing in fourth position.

During World War II was resistance fighter. Moreau was arrested and deported to Ravensbrück. She had to work in an arms factory.

Moreau was one of the founding members women's section within the SNUC (Nantais university club stadium) bringing together five disciplines: basketball, volleyball, handball and swimming. The handball team became French national champion in 1961 and participated at the first European Cup for clubs.

In 2022 a main sports complex in Nantes was named after her.

A women named "Moreau" with first name unknown competed at the 1930 European Women's Basketball Championship, the first unofficial European Basketball champion. With this result they qualified for the Basketball at the 1930 Women's World Games final in Prague where this same Moreau competed. They lost the final to the Canadian team with 18-14.

Zofia Filipiak-Wozniakiewicz

Zofia Filipiak-Wozniakiewicz (died 1 May 2005) was a Polish female basketball player and Czech handball player. She was a member of the Poland women's national basketball team and Poland women's national Czech handball team.

She competed with the national basketball team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, where they didn't reached the final and where classified third. With the national team she won four years later the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships.

With the national Czech Handball team she also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games Czech handball tournament. Ahead of the main tournament in London, they lost the qualifier match in Zagreb and were excluded from further competition.

Filipiak married to boxer . She died on 1 May 2005 in Łódź. She is buried in a Roman Catholic cemetery at .

Nipmuc

The Nipmuc or Nipmuck people are Native Americans originally from present-day Massachusetts and parts of Connecticut and Rhode Island. They are from the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their language is in the Eastern Algonquian language family. They did hunting, fishing and farming (mostly corn). They moved for different seasons. Family groups lived in villages. They were led by chiefs. These villages were often not allied with other Nipmuc villages. Villages allied with stronger neighbors like the Mohegan or Massachuset. Many Natives died from European diseases. Nipmuc supported Metacomet in King Philip's War. Many were forced to stay in Boston Harbor. Others were killed or forced into slavery. The Puritan missionary John Eliot converted Natives and created praying towns. The state of Massachusetts recognizes the Nipmuc people. 

Hei elei, kuck elei

Hei elei, kuck elei (English: Here they are, look at them) was the title of a television show in the Luxembourgish language (the first ever), which was broadcast between the 21st September 1969 and the 21st October 1991 on Sunday afternoons between 1:00 p.m. and 1:45 p.m. (later until 3:00 p.m.) on the frequency of "Télé Luxembourg" (in the end it was also broadcast by "RTLplus".

It was produced by CLT. The editor-in-chief and main moderator was Jean Octave, and in later broadcasts, Lucien Michels also (co-)moderated various broadcasts. The program usually consisted of a weekly review, and occasional reports, debates, music or theater performances, etc.

The initiator of this magazine was the former general director of the CLT, Gust Graas . It was also he who suggested the name "Hei elei, kuck elei".

In the 1980s, RTL-Hei also produced and showed four fiction films: "Die zwem vm Bierg" (in 6 episodes), "E Fall fir" sech, "E" Lieve laang and "De falschen Hond".

"Hei elei kuck elei" was established in October 1991 to be replaced by a daily broadcast in Luxembourgish, "RTL-Hei elei" (which was to be renamed "RTL Télé" Lützeburg in September 1995).

The name is a verse from the operetta "D'Mumm Séis" by Edmond de la Fontaine.

It is probably the most famous Luxembourgish phrase in the Netherlands. This comes from the fact that, when RTL launched a television program in Dutch ("RTL Veronique", today's "RTL4"), this program had to be officially "Luxembourgish", because it did not have a Dutch license and was only allowed to be broadcast as a "foreign" program Cable networks are included. Therefore, around midnight, when the program was over, or early in the morning, before it started, "Hei elei, kuck elei" was broadcast. Especially among young people, it had a certain cult status to watch "Hei elei" before (or after) going out and enjoying the successful program.

Since September 2012, RTL Télé Luxembourg has been showing a rebroadcast of "Hei elei" from Sunday 30 years ago every Sunday.


Michael Schoeffling

Michael Earl Schoeffling (December 10, 1960 – August 4, 2022) was an American actor and model. He was known for playing the role of Jake Ryan in "Sixteen Candles", Al Carver in "Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken", Kuch in "Vision Quest", and Joe in "Mermaids".

Narragansett people

The Narragansett people are a Native American tribe from present-day Rhode Island. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands cultures. Their language is part of the Algonquian language group. There were eight groups. Each group had a chief (sachem). They had subsistence farming. They farmed corn, did fishing and hunting. The Narragansett was an important tribe in New England. Narragansett did not die from European diseases. The English Puritan Roger Williams got land from the Narragansett. He created Providence Plantations. The Narragansett allied with the New England colonists during the Pequot War. They fought against colonists during King Philips War (1675-1676). Ninigret was the chief of Narragansett during King Philip's War. Many Narragansetts were killed. Many remaining Narragansett settled in Canada and New York. In "Carcieri v. Salazar", the Supreme Court did not give the Natives any land in Rhode Island. Today, the US government recognizes the people as the Narragansett Indian Tribe.

Nancy Milford

Nancy Lee Milford (née Winston; March 26, 1938 – March 29, 2022) was an American biographer, who was noted for her biographies on Zelda Fitzgerald and Edna St. Vincent Millay. She died on March 29, 2022, three days after her 84th birthday.

Ninigret

Ninigret (1610-1677) was the chief (sachem) of the eastern Niantic people. Ninigret grew up in the home of a chief. His education included common practices like learning how to hunt and be a warrior. He also did a vision quest. He learned how to become a chief. In the Pequot War, he allied with colonists and the Narragansetts. They fought against the Pequot. Ninigret helped keep the Niantic people out of King Philip's War. Ninigret wanted to protect Native peoples and wanted that they keep their independence. He created allies with the distant Mohawks and Pocumtucks to slow down English colonists. Ninigret was important in balancing powers in New England. Colonists often accused Ninigret of plotting against colonists. Ninigret's symbol was the war club. Ninigret signed many documents with English colonists. He would use this symbol as his signature.

Sachem

Sachem and sagamores are terms for North American Indian chiefs. It is particularly used in Algonquian-speaking tribes of the Northeastern Woodlands. The sachem was the highest level of chiefs. The sagamore was a lower-ranking chief. Examples of sachems include Massasoit, Metacom, Uncas and Daniel Nimham. Little Turtle is an example of a sagamore. 

Vision quest

A vision quest was a spiritual experience in Native American religion and cultures. Typically young Native boys would do this quest. The quest included connecting with a guardian spirit. This spirit would provide wisdom, protection or advice. Young men went to remote locations and fasted. The locations were usually sacred places. Elders prepared the young person for the quest. Practices were different with different tribes. The young person would asks spirits to guide them. Spirits may tell them their role in the community or purpose in life. Visions could include symbols of animals. The vision quest was often a way of becoming an adult. Vision quests are notable in the Plains region and connected to Sun Dances. 


Florence Humble

Florence Humble was a Canadian swimmer who competed internationally in freestyle events in the 1930s. 

At the 1934 British Empire Games in London, she won a gold medal with the Canadian team in the 4×100-yard relay competition. She was also a member of the Canadian team at the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney. 

United States District Court for the Northern District of New York

The United States District Court for the Northern District of New York (N.D.N.Y.) is one of the 94 judicial districts in the United States and one of the four districts in New York. The U.S. Attorney for the district has been Carla B. Freedman since October 8, 2021.

The includes counties of Albany, Broome, Cayuga, Chenango, Clinton, Columbia, Cortland, Delaware, Essex, Franklin, Fulton, Greene, Hamilton, Herkimer, Jefferson, Lewis, Madison, Montgomery, Oneida, Onondaga, Oswego, Otsego, Rensselaer, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, St. Lawrence, Tioga, Tompkins, Ulster, Warren, and Washington.

The N.D.N.Y. has offices in Albany, Binghamton, Plattsburgh, Syracuse, Utica, and Watertown.


Margaret Hutton

Margaret Hutton was a Canadian swimmer who competed internationally in freestyle events in the 1930s. She was a member of Border City SC.

At the 1934 British Empire Games in London, she won a gold medal with the Canadian team in the 4×100-yard relay competition and another gold medal in the 3×110 yard medley relay.

She won the ASA women’s 440 yard freestyle in 1939.

During the late 1940s and early 1950s she trained Kelowna swimmers in the summer period, while living in California, United States. 

In 1999 she was induced in the Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame Inductees, as a swimming pioneer.

Senator Winslow

Senator Winslow might mean:


Big Energy

"Big Energy" is a song recorded by American rapper Latto. It was released on September 24, 2021, as a single from her album "777" (2022). It samples American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey's 1995 single "Fantasy", which samples the Tom Tom Club song "Genius of Love" (1981). The song topped "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs radio chart.

A remix featuring Carey and DJ Khaled was released on March 28, 2022, and helped the song reach number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Nauset

The Nauset people or Cape Cod Indians were a Native American tribe of Cape Cod, Massachusetts. They were part of the Northeastern Woodlands Culture. Their language was part of the Algonquian language family. Their neighbors were the Wampanoag. Natives ate seafood and the Three Sisters (corn, squash and beans). This was one of the first tribes that European colonists visited. The Pilgrim's "Mayflower" ship made contact with the Nauset people. The Nauset often allied with colonists. Many also became Christians. They intermarried with other tribes. The tribe no longer exists today. The Nauset Archaeological District is a Naitonal Historic Landmark. Samuel de Champlain created a map. In it, he described the Nauset Natives in the Nauset harbor.

Napoleon and Samantha

Napoleon and Samantha is a 1972 American adventure drama movie directed by Bernard McEveety and starring Michael Douglas, Jodie Foster, Johnny Whitaker, Will Geer, Arch Johnson, Rex Holman, Ellen Corby, John Lupton. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1973.


Agni Prasad Sapkota

Agni Prasad Sapkota (Nepali: अग्नि प्रसाद सापकोटा; born 7 March 1958) is a Nepalese politician. He is the current speaker of the House of Representatives.

Main Course

Main Course is the 13th studio album by the English band Bee Gees. It was released on June 1975 and went to number 1 in Canada.

Philippine Collective Media Corporation

Philippine Collective Media Corporation (PCMC: officially known in their documents as Philippine Collective Media Corporation) is a Philippine television and radio broadcasting company. The headquarters of the company is in Makati. It has offices in the Fairview area of Quezon City and in Tacloban. It owns a many radio stations under the FMR (Favorite Music Radio) network as well as its own television station in Tacloban.

Bitcoin Classic

Bitcoin Classic is a cryptocurrency that is a fork of Bitcoin. In its first 8 months, Bitcoin Classic promoted a single increase of the maximum block size from one megabyte to two megabytes. In November 2016 this changed and the project moved to a solution that moved the limit out of the software rules into the hands of the miners and nodes.

Paximathia

Paximathia, or Paximadia (; singular: paximathi/paximadi), are hard breads of Greek origin. They are made from wheat, chickpea, or barley-flour. Paximathia are seen as similar to biscotti or type of biscotti. They are sold in many Greek bakeries and are a common food in Greece often served as breakfast with marmalade or cheese. Paximathia are also supplied in Greek stores in many parts of the United States.

The name "paximathia" comes from the Greek word "paximadion" (παξιμάδιον), which comes from a 1st-century Greek named Paxamus who wrote a cookbook. The word first appears in a recipe for laxative biscuits written by the Greek doctor Galen.

Paximathia were eaten by Greek farmers, the Byzantine army, and priests. Greek farmers would eat paximathia in their fields after softening them by soaking them in water and olive oil. They sometimes ate them with other foods like homemade cheese and a few olives. Paximathia used to be baked outdoors in ovens around every ten to fifteen days, after which the bread would be sliced into thick wedges and put back into the ovens to dry. They were an important food for the people of Crete.

Paximathia are made with wheat, chickpea, or barley-flour. Other ingredients used may include eggs, vegetable oil, cinnamon, cloves, and orange zest. Today, paximathia are usually baked overnight in ovens that have been turned off, whereby the bread is cooked from the remaining heat. This method cooks the bread to a dry state without creating brittleness that can cause crumbling. Paximathia is sometimes broken into pieces and served in salads after being moistened.

Paximathia are in "dakos", which is a Greek salad made on the island of Crete. In Crete, a type of paximathi called a "koulouri" is ring-shaped and served dried with olive oil, oregano and grated tomato. "Eptazymo" is another type of paximathi made with chickpeas.



Viva Maria!

Viva Maria! is a 1965 French Italian adventure comedy movie directed by Louis Malle and starring George Hamilton, Jeanne Moreau, Brigitte Bardot, Adriana Roel, Claudio Brook, Paulette Dubost, Gregor von Rezzori. It was distributed by United Artists.


Placenta cake

Placenta cake is a dessert from ancient Greece and Rome made of many layers of dough, mixed with cheese and honey, flavored with bay leaves, baked and then covered in honey. It is mentioned in the Greek poems of Archestratos and Antiphanes, as well as in the "De Agri Cultura" of Cato the Elder.

The Latin word "placenta" comes from the Greek word "plakous" used for thin or layered breads. The word "plakous" comes from the Greek word "plakoeis" () meaning "flat". 

The placenta cake first appears as "plakous" () in the ancient Greek poems of Archestratos who describes it as a dessert served with nuts and dried fruits. Antiphanes in 4th century BC describes "plakous" as a dessert made with wheat flour and goat's cheese.

In 160 BC, Cato the Elder wrote a recipe for "placenta" in his "De Agri Cultura" following the Greek recipe for "plakous". Cato possibly copied the recipe from a Greek cookbook.

The Byzantine descendants of "plakous" are the "plakountas tetyromenous" ("cheesy placenta") and the "koptoplakous" (Byzantine Greek: κοπτοπλακοῦς) both of which are the ancestors of modern foods like tiropita, börek, banitsa, and baklava. The name "placenta" () is used today on the Greek island of Lesbos to describe a dessert made with thin layers of pastry and crushed nuts that is baked and then covered in honey. The Greek dessert was adopted into Armenian food as "plagindi," "plagunda," and "pghagund" all meaning "cakes of bread and honey."



Fire Chief (movie)

Fire Chief is a 1940 Disney cartoon. It stars Donald Duck and his nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


Prebbleton

Prebbleton is a small town in the Selwyn District in New Zealand. It is one of earliest settlements on the Canterbury Plains. It is 11km south west of Christchurch and 2km south of Hornby, New Zealand. It was named after the Prebble brothers from Kent, England.

Savage (Eurythmics album)

Savage is the sixth studio album by English new wave band Eurythmics and was released on 9 November, 1987. It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and in New Zealand.

Mayor of Kathmandu

The mayor of Kathmandu is the head of the municipal executive of Kathmandu Metropolitan City. The officeholder is elected for a five-year term. He or she is limited to serving no more than two terms. The role was first created in 1932 during the Rana regime.

Balendra Shah was elected mayor in the 2022 election. He took office on 30 May 2022.

The city of Kathmandu is scrutinized by the Kathmandu Metropolitan City Municipal Assembly. The mayor is supported by the Municipal Executive with ward chairs of all 32 wards of Kathmandu.


In the Heat of the Night (Pat Benatar album)

In the Heat of the Night is the debut album by Pat Benatar and was released on 27 August, 1979 through Chrysalis Records. It went to number 12 in the United States and number 3 in Canada.

Nickelodeon Digital

Nickelodeon Digital, often shortened to Nick Digital and originally known as Nickelodeon Creative Labs, is an American animation studio based in New York City.




Awesomeness (company)

Awesomeness (an abbreviation of it’s full name AwesomenessTV) is a Los Angeles-based film and television studio owned by Paramount Digital Studios, a division of Paramount Global.

NaN

In computing, NaN stands for Not a Number. It means the result of input is or unrepresentable. For example, division by zero in most Programming language returns NaN. Systematic use of NaN was introduced by the IEEE 754 in 1985, along with the other numbers such as infinities.

In JavaScript, or returns . using also returns . You can use or to check if a value is NaN. there is difference between two functions. the returns when the value is NaN when parsed to int. but returns when the value is currently NaN.

For example:

Saved by Zero

"Saved by Zero" is a song by English new wave band the Fixx and is the lead single from their album Reach the Beach. It went to number 20 in the United States.

Pei Haozheng

Pei Haozheng (Chinese: 裴浩正; Pinyin: "Péi Hào Zhèng"; born Nanjing, Jiangsu in 1996), also known as Hotz Pei, is a Chinese origami artist, TV program designer, and the holder of two Guinness World Records. He received his master's degree from the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) in Singapore in 2021.

Pei has designed several origami-themed TV projects and hundreds of lifelike models, promoting the origami art form to a growing audience. His work has a positive nouveau influence on modern origami art because of its cultural value and humanitarian ideal. For instance, his "Zijin Grass" is known to over 100 million people as the "flower of peace" in remembrance of victims.

Pei has been a judge or guest on the programs "Super Brain", "Forward to the Future", "Voice", "Day Day Up", and "Power of Youth". His artwork has received many awards such as “China Outstanding Cultural, Social, and Educational Case”, etc., and is collected by many museums, including the Guinness World Records Museum, etc.

Pei started folding paper when he was in kindergarten. At first, he learned origami from teachers and parents, and later he copied the patterns from books. In early 2007, he came across a crease pattern designed by Robert J. Lang, an origami master from the United States. It was mind-blowing for him, and it opened for him a new world of ideas for the art. 

He continued to learn origami through theory books, such as "Origami Design Secrets" by Mr. Lang. As the quantity of his work grew, so did its variety and quality. During his middle school education, Pei created several unique designs, including a 60-centimeter-tall work featuring an angel with six wings folded from a 2-meter-long square sheet of paper. It took him numerous attempts to get everything right.

In 2016, Pei won a bronze prize at the International Origami Internet Olympiad (IOIO). The next year, he became the champion of the competition. For the event's final task, he folded an ancient Chinese woman holding a mirror from a sheet of handmade xuanzhi (rice paper), which impressed judges with its exquisite shape and Eastern style. In 2018, he was invited to be the event's task designer. His work "Bailuyuan" was selected as the edition's mascot, which attracted the attention of contestants from 54 countries and regions. 

In 2019, Pei attended the Zijin Grass International Peace Summer School and taught origami to several international peace envoys. In June of that year, he devoted to the "Micro Light Program" jointly initiated by Amity Foundation and Ergeng Public Welfare, which has enlightened more than 50,000 students.

In 2021, Pei participated in an exhibition — "The Praise of Youth · Centennial of the Original Mind" in Beijing, China, which attracted over 72,500 visitors. 

In April 2022, to celebrate the 103rd anniversary of the May Fourth Movement, Pei released a tutorial on how to fold a newspaper into a flower, named "The Flower in May" representing the country’s young generation. On 9 September of that year, he set a Guinness World Record for the most origami flowers made from a single sheet of paper. A team of four led by him spent five days folding an origami deer with 100 twisty roses on its antlers from a 3-meter-long square sheet of paper. In November, he was awarded the honorary title of "Boao Youth Leader" by a former Chinese foreign minister at the Boao Youth Development Conference.

In March 2023, Pei set his second Guinness World Record for the largest origami snail. He then gave a lecture, "The Mark of Origami", at MSL of Tianjin University. In May, he took part in the activity of "National Science and Technology Workers Day" at Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology. In June, as a special guest of the Lenovo Beijing Future Center, he gave a lecture, "A Glimpse of Science and Art with a Piece of Paper". In July, he attended Youyang Poetry Festival in Chongqing with many famous artists, scientists, and cultural relics experts.

In 2017 and 2018, Pei was invited to the Chinese version of "Super Brain", a competitive reality show on Jiangsu Satellite TV. The show gave him an opportunity to meet Mr. Lang, both as judges for the show. Pei made 20 models for display there and received the praise of Mr. Lang for his repertoire of techniques.

In late 2018, Pei took up the challenge of creating a solar panel in origami style at "Forward to the Future", a science show on China Central Television. He successfully built the panel that folds up to 1 square meter, which when unfolded becomes a structure of 81 square meters.

In 2020, Pei participated in 10 episodes of "Power of Youth", a competitive reality show on Anhui Satellite TV. He successfully went through all the challenges about ancient and modern civilization and won the most "power medals" as well as a scientific research fund.

In 2021, on behalf of Chinese youth, Pei was invited to express his ideas at "Voice", the first open class for youth on China Central Television. He gave an "Ice Cube" Voronoi tessellation model to Zheng Fang, the architect of several Olympic stadiums in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and the 2022 Winter Olympic Games.

In 2022, Pei was invited to deliver a speech titled "5 Minutes to Change the Future" at "Day Day Up" on Hunan Satellite TV, bringing a new perspective to the audience.




John Taylor (oculist)

Chevalier John Taylor ( 1770 or 1772) was a British eye surgeon and a charlatan (a person who does fake medical practice). He did surgery on Johann Sebastian Bach.

Taylor was born in Norwich. His father was a surgeon. He learned surgery at St Thomas' Hospital, London with William Cheselden.

In 1727, he published his book, "An Account of the Mechanism of the Eye". He travelled around as a surgeon and oculist (an eye doctor). He started travelling Europe in 1734. He got academic degrees from Basel, Reims, Liège and Cologne. However, these are probably only honorary degrees. He became the Royal Oculist to King George II in 1736.

He arrived at Leipzig on 27 March 1750. On 1 April, he did surgery on Johann Sebastian Bach. Bach had eye problems in his old age. The problems were probably myopia and cataract. The newspapers at the time said that the first surgery was successful. However, Bach's cataract appeared again after around a week. Taylor did surgery again on him. Bach went blind after the second surgery. The blindness could have been caused by Taylor's surgery. Bach died on 28 July 1750.

After Taylor did surgery on Bach, he went to Berlin. He was told to leave on 23 April because of his failed surgeries. It is not known exactly where and when he died. Charles Burney said that he died in 1770 in Rome. Others say he died in Paris. London newspapers and his grandson said that he died in Prague in 1772.

Taylor pretended to be a nobleman. He started using the title "chevalier" in 1750, even though he was not a knight. He was eventually made a nobility by Pope Benedict XIV in 1755.

Lau Pa Sat

Lau Pa Sat (), also known as Telok Ayer Market (; ), is a historic building in Singapore. At first, it was located near the waterfront, where it was built as a fish market, in 1824. It was later rebuilt at a different location, again to serve as a market. It currently is a food court. 

Sabin Limbu

Padam Hang Thamsunhang also known as Sabin Limbu is a Nepali singer, musician and composer.
He was born in Jhapa, Nepal. He started his musical career in 2009.



Little grass frog

The little grass frog, tree frog, least tree frog, black-spotted tree frog, or little chorus frog ("Pseudacris ocularis") is a frog. It lives in the southeastern United States. It lives as far north as Virginia and far south as Florida.

The adult frog is long from nose to rear end. It is very small. There is some webbed skin on each foot. The toes have disks on them for climbing. This frog has a stripe on each side of its body, going over each eye.

Gentlemen's club

A gentlemen's club is a private social club. These clubs were started in England in the 18th century. They were originally reserved to the British upper class. At the start, they were only for men, women were not allowed. They were all originally gambling clubs. The first clubs (such as White's, Brooks's and Boodle's) had members from the aristocracys. A main activity was gambling, especially gambling at cards. which was illegal outside of members-only establishments. However, there were clubs with other activities.

Countries outside Britain also have such clubs. In many cases, they were associated with the British Empire: There are important ones in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. They can also be found in many of the bigger American cities. 

Gentlemen's clubs were made so that their members could spend time there, instead of being at home. Such a club typically contains a formal dining room, a bar, a library, a billiards room and one or more rooms for reading, gaming or socializing. Many clubs also have guest rooms and fitness amenities. Some are associated mainly with sports and regularly hold other events such as formal dining.


The Lion King: The Gift

The Lion King: The Gift (sometimes shortened to The Gift) is a soundtrack album by American singer Beyoncé for the 2019 live action remake of "The Lion King" and for "Black Is King" (2020). It was released on July 19, 2019, by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. The album was also produced by Beyoncé and features African artists such as Wizkid, Shatta Wale, Burna Boy, Mr Eazi, Tiwa Savage, Tekno, Yemi Alade, Busiswa, Moonchild Sanelly and Salatiel, as well as appearances from Jay-Z, Blue Ivy Carter, Childish Gambino, Pharrell Williams, Kendrick Lamar, Tierra Whack, 070 Shake, and Jessie Reyez, among others.

"The Lion King: The Gift" received generally favorable reviews from music critics, many who liked the combination of Afrobeats, hip hop and R&B musical genres.

On July 31, 2020, with the release of "Black is King", Beyoncé released a deluxe edition of the album. The album includes all the tracks that were in the film as well as three new tracks. This includes the standard and extended versions of "Black Parade", which was released on June 19; the extended version of the song was only available on Tidal up until the album's release. The other track included is a remix of "Find Your Way Back" by MeLo-X.

Credits adapted from Beyoncé's website. All tracks were produced by Beyoncé and Derek Dixie, except where noted.

Notes


Treaty of Greenville

The Treaty of Greenville or Treaty with the Wyandots, etc. (1795) was a treaty between the Natives people of the Northwest Territory and United States. The treaty was after the Northwest Indian Wars. Tribes that signed the treaty included Wyandot, Delaware, Shawnee, Ottawa, Chippewa, Potawatomi, Miami, Eel River, Wea, Piankeshaw, Kickapoo, and Kaskaskia. The treaty created new boundaries for American Indian territories. The treaty was signed after the Battle of Fallen Timbers. Native territory was limited to northwestern Ohio. The Natives in the treaty were called the Western Confederacy.

General Anthony Wayne was in charge of the treaty. Other Americans included William Wells, William Henry Harrison, William Clark, Caleb Swan, and Meriwether Lewis.

Native leaders and signers included Wyandot (chiefs Tarhe, Roundhead, and Leatherlips), Delaware (several bands). Shawnee (chiefs Blue Jacket and Black Hoof), Ottawa (several bands, including Egushawa), Chippewa, Potawatomi (23 signatories, including Gomo, Siggenauk, Black Partridge, Topinabee, and Five Medals), Miami (including Jean Baptiste Richardville, White Loon, and Little Turtle), Wea, Kickapoo, and Kaskaskia.

President George Washington signed the treaty and the United States Senate confirmed it. 

The treaty created the Greenville Treaty Line. Natives had to give up all the land south and east of the line. Natives had to give up their land and the US government gave money and supplies to Natives each year. This supply had a value of $20,000. The treaty line followed rivers in Ohio and Indiana. 

Natives had to leave forts that were along the Great Lakes. Native gave over important places like Fort Wayne, Indiana; Lafayette, Indiana; Chicago; Peoria, Illinois; and Toledo, Ohio.

Charles Michel de Langlade

Charles Michel Mouet de Langlade (9 May 1729 – after 26 July 1801) was a fur trader and war chief in the Great Lakes. His mother was Ottawa and his father was French Canadian. He was fluent in Ottawa and French. At different times, he was allied with the French, British and Americans. He is famous for leading a raid against the village Pickawillany. He destroyed the Miami town. He defended Fort Duquesne (Pittsburgh) against the British during the French and Indian War. After the French lost, he allied with the British. He led Natives against Americans colonies during the American Revolution. He is known as the "father of Wisconsin".

Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria

Archduchess Marie Valerie Mathilde Amalie of Austria (22 April 1868 – 6 September 1924) was the youngest child of Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria and Empress Elisabeth.
Marie Valerie was born on 22 April 1868 as the youngest daughter of Emperor Franz Josef I and Elisabeth of Bavaria. She was nicknamed “the Hungarian child”.

ADC Airdisco

The ADC Airdisco is a British V-8 airplane engine that was first used in 1925.


Petrobius artemisiae

Petrobius artemisiae is a species of jumping bristletail. It is in the family Machilidae.

The Verve Pipe (album)

The Verve Pipe is the third studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on July 27, 1999.

You're Only Human (Second Wind)

"You're Only Human (Second Wind)" is a 1985 song by Billy Joel and is taken from the album "Greatest Hits - Volume I & Volume II". It was a top ten hit in the United States and Australia. It deals with depression and suicide.

Two for the Seesaw

Two for the Seesaw is a 1962 American romantic drama movie directed by Robert Wise and was based on the 1958 play of the same name. It stars Robert Mitchum, Shirley MacLaine, Edmon Ryan, Elisabeth Fraser, Eddie Firestone and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1963.


Pickawillany

Pickawillany (also spelled Pickawillamy, Pickawillani, or Picqualinni) was a Miami Indian Village in the 18th century. It was along the Great Miami River in the Ohio Valley. An English trading site was close to the village. Both British and French wanted the land in the Ohio Country. The Miami people stopped relations with French fur traders. The Miami Chief La Demoiselle sided with the British. Céloron de Blainville visited the town to convince La Demoiselle to be allies with the French. Pickawillany became one of the largest Native American communities east of the Mississippi River. The French raided the town several times. The French fur trader Charles Langlade led Native tribes against Pickawillany in 1752 and destroyed the town. 

Trick or Treat (1952 movie)

Trick or Treat is a 1952 animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.


Judith Durham

Judith Durham (born Judith Mavis Cock; 3 July 1943 – 5 August 2022) was an Australian singer, songwriter and musician. She became the lead singer of the Australian popular folk music group the Seekers in 1963. With the group, she performed songs such as "Georgy Girl", "I'll Never Find Another You", "The Carnival Is Over" and "A World of Our Own". In 1967, the Seekers were named Australians of the Year, the only group to be awarded this honour. Durham left the group in 1968. In 2015, she was named Victorian of the Year for services to music.

Durham was born in Essendon, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. In 1969, she married British pianist Ron Edgeworth in Melbourne. Edgeworth died in 1994.

Durham died of bronchiectasis on 5 August 2022 in Prahan, Melbourne. She was 79.


Ottawa (disambiguation)






Egushawa

Egushawa (c. 1726 – March 1796), also spelled Egouch-e-ouay, Agushaway, Agashawa, Gushgushagwa, Negushwa was a Native American war chief of the Ottawa tribe. His name means "The Gatherer" or "Brings Together". He was the chief after Pontiac. He supported the British during the American Revolution. He was against the Treaty of Paris that gave Native lands to Americans. He was a very important leader during the Northwest Indian War. He was in battles like St. Claire's defeat and the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He got a serious injury at the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He signed the Treaty of Greenville with other Native leaders.

Central Bank of Argentina

The Central Bank of the Argentine Republic () is the governing body of the financial system of the Argentine Republic, in charge of the country's monetary policy.

The Organic Charter that governs the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic (Law 24,144) defines in its article 1 the central bank as an autarchic entity of the national State.

In article 3, it lists the objectives of this Institution: "The bank's purpose is to promote, to the extent of its powers and within the framework of the policies established by the national government, monetary stability, financial stability, employment and economic development with social equity.”

Monetary stability is the primary objective of the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic. The central focus of this Institution is to strengthen the Argentine peso, achieving inflation in line with its objectives established in the Monetary Plan. In turn, financial stability will be the way through which the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic will be able to contribute to the ultimate goal of its mission: economic development with social equity.

One Thing Leads to Another

"One Thing Leads to Another" is a 1983 single by English new wave band the Fixx and taken from their album Reach the Beach. It is their best known song where it went to number 4 in the United States and topped the charts in Canada.

Fritillaria pallidiflora

The Pale-flowered Lily, Turanian fritillary or the Uyghür Aigul "(Fritillaria pallidiflora)" is an Asian species of bulbous flowering plant in the lily family Liliaceae, native to East Turkestan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. 

The Latin specific epithet "pallidiflora" means “pale flowered”. Although the common name frequently used is Siberian fritillary, a misnomer because the species does not grow in the wild in Siberia.

Georgia national futsal team

The Georgia national futsal team is controlled by Georgian Football Federation and they are yet to feature at the FIFA Futsal World Cup.

2022 Nepalese general election

General elections are expected to be held in Nepal on 20 November 2022 unless the House of Representatives is dissolved earlier. The discussion is underway due to interest of leading Nepali Congress while the opposition, CPN (UML), is already demanding a fresh mandate.

Steppe buzzard

The Steppe buzzard ("Buteo buteo vulpinus") is a bird of prey, very widespread in the Old World. It lives in mostly of most of Central Asia, and other Turanian regions. It breeds as far as the northern Caucacus, northern Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, much of Russia to Altai and south-central Siberia, Tien Shan in China and western Mongolia. "B. b. vulpinus" is a long-distance migrant. It winters largely in much of eastern and southern Africa. Less frequently and often very discontinuously, steppe buzzards winter in the southern peninsulas of Europe, Arabia and southwestern India in addition to some parts of southeastern Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan. In the open country favoured on the wintering grounds, steppe buzzards are often seen perched on roadside telephone poles.

Within Turkistan it is the National bird of East Turkestan.

Nuclear binding energy

Nuclear binding energy is the energy needed to break an atomic nucleus into protons and neutrons. Atoms with higher binding energy are more stable, because you would have to add more energy to break them. 

Protons and neutrons are attracted to each other by the "nuclear force". This is a form of the "strong interaction" that acts over a longer distance than usual. Together, protons and neutrons are called "nucleons".

The binding energy per nucleon is the binding energy of an atom, divided by its number of protons and neutrons. Iron-56 has the highest binding energy per nucleon. This makes it the most stable isotope of any element. Both smaller and larger atoms may eventually move towards Iron-56 by gaining or losing nucleons.

The term "nuclear binding energy" can be confusing. An atom with a higher nuclear binding energy "does not" have more energy stored in its nucleus. Actually, atoms with more binding energy have "less" energy stored inside.

Energy from atoms can be released by nuclear fission or nuclear fusion. It can be used in nuclear power or nuclear weapons.

The Fixies

The Fixies ( in English language: To Fix) is a French-Russian animated series, based in Russia. The story is written by Eduard Uspensky, composed by Lev Zemlinsky, and produced from December 13, 2010 until May 13, 2022 with 4 seasons and 209 episodes.

It originally began in 2008 by Aeroplane Studios, and it was originally a animated film by Aeroplane Studios.

In 2010, it began as TV Show produced by Ilya Popov, Michael Mennis, and Georgy Vasilyev.

Follow the comical misadventures of Tom Thomas and his secret friendship with Simka and Nolik, the children of the Fixie family that lives in his apartment. There's just no end to the troubles Tom Thomas and his Fixie friends get themselves into.

Wild Bactrian camel

The Wild Bactrian camel ("Camelus ferus") is a critically endangered species of camel living in East Turkestan and southwestern Mongolia. It is closely related to the Bactrian camel ("Camelus bactrianus"). Both are large, double-humped even-toed ungulates native to the steppes of central Asia. Until recently, wild Bactrian camels were thought to have descended from domesticated Bactrian camels that became feral after being released into the wild. However, genetic studies have established it as a separate species that diverged from the Bactrian camel about 1.1 million years ago.

Currently, only about 1,000 wild Bactrian camels are living in the wild. Most live on the Lop Nur Wild Camel National Nature Reserve near the border with China proper to the East.

Don't Grieve

Don't Grieve (; ) is a 1969 Georgian comedy-drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and was based on the novel "My Uncle Benjamen" by Claude Tillier. It stars Sergo Zakariadze, Vakhtang Kikabidze, Sofiko Chiaureli, Gogi Kavtaradze, Zurab Kapianidze.

ADC Cirrus

The ADC Cirrus is a British airplane engine named the Aircraft Disposal Company (ADC) in the 1920s.





You Better Run

"You Better Run" is a 1966 single by the Young Rascals and went to the top 20 in the United States and was covered by Pat Benatar in 1980.

Pat Benatar recorded "You Better Run" for her second album, "Crimes of Passion" (1980). The song was released as the album's lead single, with "Out-A-Touch" as the B-side. It peaked at number 42 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 44 on the "Cash Box" Top 100.
The song appeared on the soundtrack to the 1980 movie "Roadie".

Isaac Loader (Sheriff of Kent)

Isaac Loader (died 10 September 1715) was High Sheriff of Kent in the year 1701.

Markus Mader

Markus Mader (born 21 May 1968) is a former Austrian football player and manager of SC Austria Lustenau.
Mader played for different clubs in Vorarlberg. With IG Bregenz/Dornbirn he played in the Second League. 

After the end of his player career he became manager of different clubs in Vorarlberg. In the 2017/18 season he became coach of FC Dornbirn in the Regionalliga. They were promoted in 2019 to the Second League. In 2019–20 they finished 12th, and in 2020–21 they finished 7th. For the 2021–22 season he became coach of Austria Lustenau. They won the league and were promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga.

Terrance Drew

Dr. Terrance Michael Drew (born November 22, 1976) is the current prime minister of Saint Kitts and Nevis, since 2022.

Welcome to the Boomtown

Welcome to the Boomtown is a 1986 debut single by singers David & David and taken from their debut "Boomtown". It went to number 27 in Australia.

Riviera

Riviera nay mean:


Western chorus frog

The western chorus frog, tree frog, chorus frog, swamp tree toad, swamp tree frog, swamp cricket frog, three-striped tree frog, or midland chorus frog ("Pseudacris triseriata") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives in Illinois, Indiana, Pennsylvania, and Ohio in the United States, and a few live in Ontario in Canada. Other sources say they also live in Labrador Quebec, Newfoundland, Iowa, Kentucky, New York, Michigan, and Tennessee.

The adult frog is 10-37 mm long from nose to rear end. They are gray to brown in color on the back and lighter on the belly. Most of these frogs have three narrow, dark stripes down their bodies. Some of them have rows of spots instead. They have a white stripe on the upper lip. They do not have webbed skin on their feet.

The female frog lays 500 to 1500 eggs, 20 to 60 per group of eggs.

This frog is good at living in places where humans have built buildings.

Thomas Bramall

Tom Bramall is an English association football referee from Manchester, England. His county FA is the Manchester Football Association. He is a Select Group 1 Referee and officiates primarily in the Premier League. 

Bramall was a mathematics teacher at , before pursuing a career as a full-time referee. 

Telefe Rosario

Telefe Rosario is an Argentine television station broadcasting on channel 5 from the city of Rosario, province of Santa Fe.


Azerbaijan Technological University

Azerbaijan Technological University () is a public university, specialized in engineering, light industry, and food industry. It is in Ganja, Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1981 by the government of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. The university has 3 faculties and 21 departments.



Nuptial pad

A nuptial pad (also known as thumb pad, or nuptial excrescence) is a thick piece of flesh on the front feet of some frogs and salamanders. Only adult male animals have this pad.

The nuptial pad is a gland. It is a secondary sex characteristic. The male animals use the nuptual pad to hold on to females when they mate, but it does not make or move sperm itself. Some animals use their nuptial pads to fight each other.

Austrian biologist Paul Kammerer looked at midwife toads' nuptial pads. He believed in Lamarckian evolution. This means he thought that the male frogs' pads got bigger in their own lifetimes, and then they passed the big pads on to their young after that. But this is not how evolution truly works.

Many amphibian species grow nuptial pads for mating. For example, the rough-skinned newt ("Taricha granulosa") does.

Hartley mammoth butcher site

The Hartley mammoth butcher site (also called the Hartley mammoth locality) is an archaeological and paleontological site on the Colorado Plateau in New Mexico. Starting in 2013, bones of two mammoths were excavated by Timothy Rowe, a paleontologist from the University of Texas. The bones were of a young female adult and a calf. Rowe and his fellow researchers used various techniques to study the bones and the site. They found "diagnostic evidence of diverse human activities including systematic, highly patterned bone breakage and secondary bone flake production, pyrogenic residues indicative of a controlled (domestic) fire, and utilization of regional vertebrate microfauna." The same scientists used radiocarbon dating to determine how long ago the animals had lived. They reported that they were from about 37,000 years ago (38,900–36,250 cal BP).

This site is important because, if the identification as a site with human activity and the dating are correct, it overturns the idea held by many archaeologists that the first people in the Americas belonged to the Clovis culture, which is dated to about 13,000 years ago.


Chris Foy (referee)

Christopher Foy (born 20 November 1962) is an English retired professional football referee whose currently Head of Community and Public Engagement for PGMOL. Following his first appointment as an official in the Football League in 1994 and his promotion in 2001 to the list of Select Group Referees who officiate in the Premier League, He refereed a number of notable matches, including the FA Community Shield and the finals of the FA Cup, Football League Cup and FA Trophy.

In 2015 Foy retired to become a senior referees' coach for the PGMOL.

Turnover (food)

When talking about food, a turnover is a piece of dough which is folded so that it can contain a filling. The turnover is usually baked in the oven, but sometimes it is fried. It can be sweet or salty. Turnovers are often sold as a form of convenience food. 

A well-known type of turnover is the calzone, which was first seen in Naples in the 19th century.

Arvanites

The Arvanites (: , , ) are a bilingual Greek people speaking both the Greek language and a dialect of the Albanian language called "Arvanitika". They moved from the regions of northern Epirus and central Albania to the Greek peninsula during the Middle Ages. The Arvanites settled as farmers and soldiers ("stradioti") getting land as payment for their work. They were organized into clans called "fares" (), or "sogia" (Arvanitika: σόjτε), and their culture was Byzantine Greek. They fought in the Greek revolution of 1821 against the Ottoman Empire and its allies. The name "Arvanites", or "Arnauts", was also used to describe Greeks from Roumeli, Albanians, Bulgarians and Serbs who all served as bodyguards for royals. 

In one of their songs, the Arvanites of Boeotia in central Greece sing of their homeland, Constantinople: "Τρε παμπόρἐ σκούαν ε βάνἐ νἐ Σταμπούλ νἐ βέντἐ τάνἐ" (transliteration: "Tre pampóre skoúan e báne ne Stampoúl ne bénte táne", "Three ships passed and are going to Constantinople to our lands"). According to Maria Michael-Dede, the song proves that the Arvanites are of Greek origin.



Brunswick, Vermont

Brunswick is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Canaan, Vermont

Canaan is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Concord, Vermont

Concord is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

East Haven, Vermont

East Haven is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Granby, Vermont

Granby is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Lemington, Vermont

Lemington is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Lunenburg, Vermont

Lunenburg is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Maidstone, Vermont

Maidstone is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Norton, Vermont

Norton is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Victory, Vermont

Victory is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Bakersfield, Vermont

Bakersfield is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Berkshire, Vermont

Berkshire is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Enosburgh, Vermont

Enosburgh is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Fairfax, Vermont

Fairfax is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Kashmir Koklass pheasant

The Kashmir Koklass Pheasant "(Pucrasia macrolopha biddulphi)", although called a pheasant, is related to grouses and is only a distant relative to the pheasants. Grouses are actually birds from the order Galliformes, which are heavy-bodied ground-feeding birds that include chicken and quail. In the monotypic genus Pucrasia, the Koklass Pheasant is the only species. Koklass is an adapted species that has been put into three different groups of species and again divided into subspecies. It is the only species in the genus Pucrasia to be divided into nine subspecies. 
It is found in a wide range from Asia, across Afghanistan to China. The range of the subspecies can be found at quite a distance from each other. The Koklass Pheasant is part of the few species related to galliforms that regularly fly uphill and can fly at a time for many miles. Galliform species are not normally known to fly. Koklass Pheasants look more similar to the grouses than a regular pheasant. 
Both the words Koklass and Pheasants from the name of Koklass Pheasants have been derived from the territorial call of the birds. The territorial call of the male is 'kok-kok-kok'.

The male Koklass Pheasant is usually black in colour with each feather on the body covered with a pale white border. The male is much larger than the female in size and also much colourful. The male has a metallic green face, head, throat, and crest. They have chestnut on the chest and breast and a streaked appearance to the body. A white cheek patch is found along with a rust throat, chest and belly. The backs of the body are mostly grey and the wings are brown and tan coloured. The male species have a black beak and dark grey legs. The female has a dark grey beak and the same dark grey legs. The female Koklass has a cream-brown body with dark markings, a cream-colored face, white cheeks, and a throat patch. The female has white tips on the outside tail feathers. The female Koklass Pheasants has a fairly dull body. Both the male and female have wedge-shaped tails. The chicks and the first-year adults look similar to the females. They only attain the dark male body coloration after they mature.

Within Pakistan it is the State bird of Azad Kashmir.

Geranium clarkei

Geranium clarkei, called Clarke's geranium, Kashmir Purple Geranium, Kashmir White or the Kashmir's Cranesbill is a species of flowering plant in the family Geraniaceae, native to India and cultivated for use in gardens.

It is an herbaceous perennial growing to in height, with deeply cut 7-lobed leaves and white or purple flowers with pink veining in summer. It spreads by underground rhizomes, and is used for groundcover or the front of a border. A rhizomatous hardy geranium that is native to alpine meadows in the mountains of Kashmir. It typically grows in a clump to 18" tall, spreading outward by creeping stems to 18" wide. Purple-violet or white, upward-facing flowers (to 3/4" diameter) with contrasting dark veins profusely bloom from late spring to early summer. Dark green leaves are deeply cut into 7 segments and form an attractive foliage mat.

Genus name comes from the Greek word "geranos" meaning crane in reference to the fruit which purportedly resembles the head and beak of a crane.

Kashmir White is a large-flowered cultivar which typically grows in a clump to 18" tall, spreading outward by creeping stems to 18" wide, and features a profuse bloom of white, upward-facing flowers (to 2" diameter) with contrasting violet-pink veins.

Easily grown in average, medium, well-drained soil in full sun to part shade. Prefers moist, humusy, well-drained soils, particularly in hot summer climates. Intolerant of drought. Performs best in cool summer climates, and is intolerant of the heat and humidity of the deep South. Shear off spent flowers after bloom to encourage additional bloom or tidy the planting. In the alternative, plants may be left alone after flowering to promote self-seeding.

'Kashmir White' self-seeds in the garden in optimum growing conditions, but flower colour in particular does not reliably come true from seed.

Within Pakistan it is the State flower of Azad Kashmir.

What About Love

"What About Love" is a 1985 single by American hard rock group by Heart and was taken from their 1985 self-titled album. It was a major comeback for the group and went to the top 10 in Canada and the United States.

Breakcore

Breakcore is an electronic music genre. It is made of complex rhythms (called breakbeats) and it is usually played quick. The drums are often made from the Amen Break (an unique rhythm) or other breaks.

Union City Blue

"Union City Blue" is a 1979 song by American band Blondie and taken from their 1979 album Eat to the Beat. It peaked at number 13 in the United Kingdom and number 17 in Ireland and the song is inspired by Debbie Harry's acting experience in the 1980 movie "Union City".





Union of the Crowns

The Union of the Crowns (; ) was the accession of James VI of Scotland to the throne of the Kingdom of England as James I. It is also the consequential unification for some purposes (such as overseas diplomacy) of the two realms under a single monarch on 24 March 1603.

In its turn, the English Parliament responded with the Alien Act 1705. This threatened to impose economic sanctions and declare Scottish subjects aliens in England, unless Scotland either repealed the Act of Security or moved to unite with England. The Estates chose the latter option; the English Parliament agreed to repeal the Alien Act, and new commissioners were appointed by Queen Anne I in early 1706 to negotiate the terms of a union. The articles of union approved by the commissioners were presented to Anne on 23 July 1706. Then it was ratified by the Scottish and English Parliaments on 16 January and 6 March 1707, respectively. Under the Acts of Union, England and Scotland were united into a single kingdom called Great Britain, with one parliament, on 1 May 1707. 


The Bear and the Doll

The Bear and the Doll () is a 1970 French romantic comedy movie directed by Michel Deville and starring Brigitte Bardot, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Daniel Ceccaldi, Julien Verdier, Sabine Haudepin. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Nepalese Armed Forces

The Nepalese Armed Forces are the military forces of Nepal. 

Nepali Army

The Nepali Army has participated in various conflicts throughout its history, going as far back as the Nepali unification campaign launched by Prithvi Narayan Shah of the Gorkha Kingdom. It has engaged in an extensive number of battles within South Asia, and continues to take part in global conflicts as part of United Nations peacekeeping coalitions.

The Nepali Army is headquartered in Kathmandu, Nepal and the incumbent Chief of Army Staff is General Prabhu Ram Sharma.

The Adventurers (1970 movie)

The Adventurers is a 1970 American adventure drama movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and was based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars Bekim Fehmiu, Charles Aznavour, Candice Bergen, Alan Badel, Fernando Rey, Ernest Borgnine, Willoughby Gray, John Ireland, Zienia Merton, Olivia de Havilland, Allan Cuthbertson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Chief of the Army Staff (Nepal)

The Chief of Army Staff (COAS) (Nepali: नेपालको प्रधानसेनापति), also known as Chief Sa'ab (Nepali: चिफ सा'ब), is the commander and highest-ranking officer of the Nepalese Armed Forces.

The Chief of Army Staff is the Chief of the Nepalese Army. He or she reports to the Ministry of Defense. The term is to be for three years or up to 61 years of age whichever is earlier. The seat of Chief of Army Staff is in Bhadrakali, Kathmandu. 

The current Chief of Army Staff is General Prabhu Ram Sharma, since 9 September 2021. The Chief of Army Staff also holds the honorary rank of General of the Indian Army.

Prabhu Ram Sharma

General Prabhu Ram Sharma (; born 5 January 1964) is the Chief of Army Staff in the Nepalese Army. He took the oath from the president of Nepal on 9 September 2021. He is successor to Purna Chandra Thapa.
Sharma was born on January 5, 1964 in Kathmandu. He entered into Nepal army in 1984 as a Second Lieutenant in Purano Gorakh Battalion. He has a master’s degree in history from Tribhuwan University and master of philosophy in Defense and Strategic Study from University of Madras.
Sharma is married to Sunita Sharma and has two daughters.
Sharma was conferred as the honorary General of the Indian Army by the Indian President Ram Nath Kovind on 10 November 2021 while Sharma was on a four-day long visit to India.

House of Representatives (Nepal)

The House of Representatives, or Pratinidhi Sabha (Nepali: प्रतिनिधि सभा; "Pratinidhi sabhā") is the one of the houses of the Federal Parliament of Nepal.

Federal Parliament of Nepal

The Federal Parliament of Nepal (संघीय संसद नेपाल, "Saṅghīya Sansada Nēpāla") is the bicameral federal and supreme legislature of Nepal. It was established in 2018. It has the National Assembly and the House of Representatives as parallel houses.

Namibia national netball team

The Namibia national netball team represent Namibia in international netball competition and are governed by Netball Association of Namibia. They have attended the Netball World Cup twice in 1991 (where they finished 13th) and 1995.

Prime Minister of Solomon Islands

The prime minister of Solomon Islands is Solomon Islands' head of government, while also being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the National Parliament. 

Rick Houenipwela

Rick Houenipwela, more commonly known as Rick Hou, (born 8 August 1958) is a politician. He was the Prime Minister of Solomon Islands from 15 November 2017 to 24 April 2019.

Manasseh Sogavare

Manasseh Damukana Sogavare (born 17 January 1955) is the sixth and current Prime Minister of Solomon Islands since 24 April 2019. He was the prime minister between 2000–2001, 2006—2007 and 2014–2017. Sogavare has been in the National Parliament since 1997.

Governor-General of Solomon Islands

The governor-general of Solomon Islands is the vice-regal representative of the Solomon Islands' monarch. The governor-general is appointed by the monarch after their nomination by the National Parliament by vote.

Their responsibilities include nominating ministers, judges, and ambassadors.

The term of office is five years, and is renewable once.

Following is a list of people who have served as Governor-General of Solomon Islands since independence in 1978.

Nathaniel Waena

Sir Nathaniel Rahumaea Waena GCMG, CSI, KStJ (born 1 November 1945) was the Governor-General of Solomon Islands from 2004 to 2009.

Waena was a Member of the National Parliament from 1984 to 2004. 

Frank Kabui

Sir Frank Utu Ofagioro Kabui, GCMG, CSI, OBE KStJ (born 20 April 1946) was the Governor General of the Solomon Islands from 7 July 2009 to 7 July 2019.

Baddeley Devesi

Sir Baddeley Devesi (October 16, 1941 – February 16, 2012) was a Solomon Islander politician. He was the first Governor-General of the Solomon Islands for two terms from 1978 to 1988.

David Vunagi

Sir David Okete Vuvuiri Vunagi, (born 5 September 1950) is a retired Solomon Islands Anglican bishop and politician. He has been the governor-general of Solomon Islands since 2019. He was the archbishop of Melanesia and bishop of the Diocese of Central Melanesia from 2009 to 2015.

2022 Gaza–Israel clashes

On 5 August 2022, Israel launched a large amount of surprise airstrikes on the Gaza Strip. They were targeting militants of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad movement (PIJ). The operation, called "Breaking Dawn" by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). It lasted a week and began on 1 August raid on Jenin. 

Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine

The Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine (, "Harakat al-Jihād al-Islāmi fi Filastīn"), simply known as Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ), is a Palestinian Islamist organization. It was formed in 1981.

PIJ was inspired by the Muslim Brotherhood. They reject the Oslo Accords. Their goal is to help create an independent Islamic Palestinian state. It supports the military destruction of Israel and rejects a two-state solution. They have been supported by Syria and Hezbollah. Their power began to grow faster in 2014 as support from Iran grew.

Rostislav Václavíček

Rostislav Václavíček (7 December 1946 – 7 August 2022) was a Czech football player. He was a part of the 1980 Olympic Games, where Czechoslovakia won the gold medal.

Roger E. Mosley

Roger Earl Mosley (; December 18, 1938 – August 7, 2022) was an American actor, director, and writer. He was best known for his role as the helicopter pilot Theodore "T.C." Calvin in the CBS television series "Magnum, P.I.".

On August 4, 2022, Mosley was in a car accident in Lynwood, California, becoming paralyzed from the shoulders down. He died three days later from his injuries at a Los Angeles hospital at the age of 83.

Eike Christian Hirsch

Eike Christian Hirsch (6 April 1937 – 7 August 2022) was a Dutch-born German journalist and author. 

Hirsch was born in 1937 in Bilthoven, Netherlands and grew up in Göttingen. He was an editor in sound broadcasting at the NDR and was later a freelance journalist. In the 1980s, he was the host of the talk show 3 nach 9.

Hirsch died on 7 August 2022 in Hannover, Germany at the age of 85.

Ezekiel Alebua

Ezekiel Alebua (June 1947 – 7 August 2022) was the third Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1 December 1986 until 28 March 1989.

Alebua died on 7 August 2022 from a long-illness in Haimatua, Solomon Islands at the age of 75.

Louisiana's 4th congressional district

Louisiana's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The district is in the northwestern part of the state. They mainly covers Shreveport-Bossier City. It also includes the cities of Minden, DeRidder, and Natchitoches.

The district is represented by Republican Mike Johnson.

Mike Johnson (politician)

James Michael Johnson (born January 30, 1972) is an American politician and lawyer. Since 2023, he has been serving as the 56th speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Before becoming speaker, he has also been serving as the United States representative for Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2017. Johnson is a member of the Republican Party.

Johnson was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He studied at Louisiana State University to become a lawyer. He then became a lawyer in Benton, Louisiana. In 2015, he became a state representative in the Louisiana House of Representatives. 

Johnson was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2016. He replaced retiring Representative John Fleming in the 4th district.

He is part of the Republican Party. Johnson chaired the House Republican Study Committee for one term. It is the largest caucus of conservatives in Congress, .

Johnson wants a nationwide abortion ban and an end to legal same-sex marriages. 

In December 2020, Johnson supported "Texas v. Pennsylvania", a lawsuit filed at the Supreme Court in an attempt to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election. In January 2021, Johnson voted to overturn the election results in Pennsylvania. 

Johnson supports ending American military aid to Ukraine in its war against Russia.

On October 24, 2023, after three votes by the Republican conference, Johnson became the fourth Republican nominee for Speaker of the House in the October 2023 speakership election. He received 128 votes on the third ballot. 

Since he has not been a U.S. Representative for a long time, never chaired a full House committee, or served in senior House leadership, Johnson is the least experienced Speaker of the House in terms of service in 140 years. On October 25, 2023, he was elected the 56th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

He is the first speaker in the history of the United States who comes from Louisiana. Johnson has the shortest House membership tenure of any Speaker in 140 years; John Carlisle, elected speaker in 1883, had a shorter House tenure at the time of his election to the speakership.

Johnson is married to Kelly Lary. They have four children. Johnson used to live in Shreveport, Baton Rouge, and in Allen, Collin County, Texas. Johnson said that early in his marriage, that he and his wife adopted a 14-year-old African American boy.


Mark Walker (North Carolina politician)

Bradley Mark Walker (born May 20, 1969) is an American politician and pastor. He was the U.S. representative for North Carolina's 6th congressional district from 2015 to 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was vice chair of the House Republican Conference in 2019.

In December 2019, Walker said he would not reelection in 2020. Instead, he unsuccessfully ran for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate in the 2022 election.

Louisiana House of Representatives

The Louisiana House of Representatives () is the lower house in the Louisiana State Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Louisiana. The House is made of 105 representatives. Members serve four-year terms with a term limit of three terms (twelve years).

Louisiana State Legislature

The Louisiana State Legislature () is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is a bicameral body, made up by the lower house, the Louisiana House of Representatives with 105 representatives, and the upper house, the Louisiana State Senate with 39 senators. 

Louisiana State Senate

The Louisiana State Senate () is the upper house of the state legislature of Louisiana. All senators serve four-year terms.


John Yanta

John Walter Yanta (October 2, 1931 – August 6, 2022) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of the Diocese of Amarillo in Texas from 1997 to 2008 and as an auxiliary bishop in the Archdiocese of San Antonio in Texas from 1994 to 1997. He was born in Runge, Texas.

Yanta died on August 6, 2022 in San Antonio, Texas from problems caused by pneumonia at the age of 90.

Runge, Texas

Runge is a town in Karnes County, Texas, United States. The population was 892 at the 2020 census.

David Muse

David Muse (July 27, 1949 – August 6, 2022) was an American musician. He was known for his musical career with Firefall, The Marshall Tucker Band, Pam Rose and Bertie Higgins.

Muse was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in 2011. He died on August 6, 2022 from the disease at his home in Palm Harbor, Florida at the age of 73.

Palm Harbor, Florida

Palm Harbor is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Pinellas County, Florida, United States. It had a population of 61,366 in 2020.

Daniel Lévi

Daniel Lévi (26 August 1961 – 6 August 2022) was a French singer-songwriter, composer, and pianist. He was born in Constantine, French Algeria. His career began in 1983. He was known for his 2000 single "L'envie d'aimer".

Lévi died of colon cancer in Bouches-du-Rhône, France at the age of 60.


Carlo Bonomi

Carlo Bonomi (12 March 1937 – 6 August 2022) was an Italian actor and clown. He was best known for his work as the voice of Mr. Linea in the animated series "La Linea" as well as Pingu in the stop-motion children's television series of the same name.

Bonomi died on 6 August 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 85.

Luciano Macías

Luciano Antonio Macías Argencio (28 May 1935 – 5 August 2022) was an Ecuadorian footballer. He played as a defender. He also played for the Ecuador national team from 1957 to 1969, making twenty-one appearances.

Macías died on 5 August 2022 in Guayaquil, Ecuador at the age of 87.

Bob Lay

Robert William Lay (20 March 1944 – 5 August 2022) was an Australian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics. Lay was born in New South Wales, Australia.

Lay died on 5 August 2022 at the age of 78.

Marianna Hill

Marianna Hill ( Schwarzkopf, February 9, 1942) is a retired American actress. She was known for her roles in the Western movies "El Condor" and "High Plains Drifter". She was also in the cult horror movie "Messiah of Evil".

Cherie Gil

Evangeline Rose Gil Eigenmann (June 21, 1963 – August 5, 2022) known professionally as Cherie Gil () was a Filipino actress. Her career began in 1970 and she retired in 2021. She was known for playing villain roles in movies. Gil was born in Manila, the Philippines. Her best known roles were in "Manila By Night", "Oro, Plata, Mata" and "Bituing Walang Ningning".

In October 2021, Gil was diagnosed with a "rare" form of endometrial cancer. She died from the disease on August 5, 2022 at a hospital in New York City at the age of 59.

Ana Luísa Amaral

Ana Luísa Amaral (5 April 1956 – 5 August 2022) was a Portuguese poet, novelist and translator. She was a professor at the University of Porto. She was born in Lisbon, Portugal.

Amaral died on 5 August 2022 in Porto, Portugal from a long illness at the age of 66.

Ilya Tsipursky

Ilya Lazarevich Tsipursky (; 26 August 1934 – 3 August 2022) was a Soviet judoka and sambist. He participated at the 1964 European Judo Championships, winning a silver medal. He was in the middleweight class.

Tsipursky died on 3 August 2022 at the age of 87.

Uxbridge, Ontario

Uxbridge is a township in the Regional Municipality of Durham in south-central Ontario, Canada.

Ton Frinking

Ton Frinking (1 February 1931 – 3 August 2022) was a Dutch politician. He was in the Royal Netherlands Army as a lieutenant colonel. He was a member of the House of Representatives of Netherlands from 1977 to 1993 for the Christian Democratic Appeal and Catholic People's Party. He was born in Groningen, Netherlands.

Frinking died in August 2022 in Delft, Netherlands at the age of 91.

Raymond Damadian

Raymond Vahan Damadian (March 16, 1936 – August 3, 2022) was an American physician and medical practitioner. He was known as the inventor of the first MR (magnetic resonance) scanning machine. He was born in New York City. He received a National Medal of Technology in 1988 and was honored into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1989.

Damadian died on August 3, 2022 in Woodbury, New York at the age of 86.

Rajendra Arlekar

Rajendra Arlekar (born 23 April 1954) is an Indian politician. He is 21st Governor of Himachal Pradesh since 2021. He was a Cabinet Minister in the Government of Goa. He was a speaker of the Goa Legislative Assembly. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Gurmit Singh

Lieutenant General Gurmit Singh PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, VSM (born 1 February 1956) is an Indian Army official and politician. In 2021 he was made Governor of Uttrakhand.

Thawar Chand Gehlot

Thawar Chand Gehlot (born 18 May 1948) is an Indian politician. He is the 19th Governor of Karnataka since 2021, being the first person serving as the Governor of Karnataka from Madhya Pradesh.

Kambhampati Hari Babu

Kambhampati Hari Babu (born 15 June 1953) is an Indian politician and the current Governor of Mizoram. He was a member of Parliament as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. 

Zijin Grass

The Zijin Grass (Chinese: 紫金草; Pinyin: "Zǐ Jīn Cǎo"; Japanese: シキンソウ) is a classic Chinese origami flower designed by Haozheng Pei. In Chinese culture, it is used to pay traditional respect to the deceased, especially martyrs; and it is a representation of the Chinese violet cress, referred to as the "flower of peace" both in China and Japan. It is often folded on the National Memorial Day on Dec 13 and the eve of Qingming Festival to pay tribute to the victims of the Nanjing Massacre in 1937 and pray for peace and security all over the world.

The original Zijin Grass models are in the permanent collection of the Memorial Hall of the Victims in Nanjing Massacre by Japanese Invaders in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China. 
During the War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression (1937-45), a Japanese army doctor named Yamaguchi Seitarou (Chinese: 山口诚太郎; Japanese: 山口 誠太郎/やまぐち せいたろう) was deployed to Nanjing, East China's Jiangsu province. When he left the ruined city in 1939, he collected a handful of seeds of a local purple flower blossoming at the foot of Zijin Mountain and brought them back to Japan. He named the flower "Zijin Grass", also known as Chinese violet cress and February orchid.

Yamaguchi sent the seeds as gifts to friends and family members and suggested them to plant the seeds in their backyards. In over two decades, every year he would take a train and throw the seeds out of window in hopes of letting these little wild violet-like flowers bloom across Japan.

At the 1985 World Horticultural Exposition in Tsukuba, Japan, Yamaguchi's son donated 1 million seeds and told his father's story to visitors from worldwide. Since then, the flower has been dubbed as "the flower of peace". Its moral is: "Remember history; cherish peace".Inspired by the story, Haozheng Pei created several purple flower models and placed them near a bronze statue in the Memorial Hall in the 2000s. These models were noticed by the Memorial Hall and thus became one of its official collections as well as cultural and creative designs. 




In 2021, a related project titled "The Zijin Grass in Bloom" and a series of "The Zijin Grass Cultural and Creative Products", both developed by the Memorial Hall, were respectively selected as the China Excellent Cultural, Social and Educational Project and the China Top 100 Cultural and Creative Products.


Mangubhai C. Patel

Mangubhai Chhaganbhai Patel (born 1 June 1944) is an Indian politician. He is 19th Governor of Madhya Pradesh since 2021. He is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Gujarat.

Zofia Posmysz

Zofia Posmysz-Piasecka (; 23 August 1923 – 8 August 2022) was a Polish journalist, novelist, and author. She was a resistance fighter in World War II. She survived imprisonment at the Auschwitz and Ravensbrück concentration camps. She was known for her autobiography "Passenger from Cabin 45", which later became the plot for her 1962 novel "Passenger".

Posmysz died in Oświęcim, Poland on 8 August 2022, at the age of 98.

Grace Van Dien

Grace Van Dien (born October 15, 1996) is an American actress and Twitch streamer. She is known for playing Brooke Osmond in the Netflix teen drama series "Greenhouse Academy" (2017) and Katie Campbell in NBC drama series "The Village" (2019). She also played Chrissy Cunningham in the Netflix drama thriller series Stranger Things in 2022.

She is the daughter of actors Casper Van Dien and Carrie Mitchum, and the great-granddaughter of actor Robert Mitchum. 

The Forest (video game)

The Forest is a survival horror video game developed and published by Endnight Games. 

The game takes place on a remote forested peninsula, where the player character Eric LeBlanc must fight off cannibalistic monsters while searching for his son Timmy after a plane crash. 

The game was released for Windows in April 2018, and for the PlayStation 4 in November 2018. The game was a success, selling over five million copies by the end of 2018. A sequel game, "Sons of the Forest" was announced to be released in October 2022, but was delayed before the final release date was set to be in early 2023.

Pottstown, Pennsylvania

Pottstown is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

2017 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2017 UEFA Champions League final was the last game of the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League season, which is Europe's top club football competition. It happened at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales, on June 3, 2017. In this final, Juventus from Italy faced Real Madrid from Spain, who were the current champions. Real Madrid won 4–1 and secured their 12th title. They became the first team to defend their title since Milan in 1990. Juventus, on the other hand, lost their fifth Champions League final in a row and their seventh overall out of nine finals they've reached.

As a result of winning the Champions League, Real Madrid earned a spot in the 2017 FIFA Club World Cup in the United Arab Emirates. They also had the opportunity to play against the winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League, Manchester United, in the 2017 UEFA Super Cup, and they won both of these competitions as well.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw, which was held on 21 April 2017 at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Duquesne Incline

The Duquesne Incline () is a funicular near Pittsburgh's South Side neighborhood. It travels to Mt. Washington in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. Designed by Hungarian-American engineer Samuel Diescher, the incline was completed in 1877.

The lower station is in the Second Empire style. Together with the incline, which rises in height. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is a very popular tourist attraction in Pittsburgh.

Jack Deloplaine

Jack A. Deloplaine (April 21, 1954 – August 3, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a running back for four seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Washington Redskins, and Chicago Bears from 1976 to 1979. He was born in Pottstown, Pennsylvania.

Deloplaine died on August 3, 2022 in Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 68.

Samboedjo Hoerip

Samboedjo Hoerip (born 1913 or 1914 - 19 January 1942) was a tennis player from the Dutch East Indies. Hoerip was indicated by newspaper "De nieuwsgier" in 1953 as one of the best all-time Indonesian tennis players, next to Kho Sin-Kie. He died being shot down during World War II in his bomber.

At the age of 17 years old, he beated the Java-champion Ohye. In 1932 Hoerip was one of the tennis player that played against the Japanese Davis Cup tennis players visiting Semarang.

Hoerip represented the Dutch East Indies as one of the three tennis players at the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manilla. One of the other three tennis players was his brother Soemadi Hoerip.

In 1940 Hoerip had multiple times tennis matches against Kho Sin-Kie that attracted a lot of spectators.

In October 1939, on a trial basis with five others, Hoerip was selected for short-term pilot training. He started at 1 July 1940 at the "Vlieg- en Waarnemersschool" In 1941 he became a short connection pilot observer. His group, under command by the British, was used against Japan during World War II. Hoerip was shot down on 19 January 1942 in his "Glenn Martin" bomber at Malacca by Japanese fighters.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Both his brothers Santoso Hoerip and Soemadi Hoerip and sister Soelastri Hoerip were known tennis players.


Soemadi Hoerip

Soemadi Hoerip was a tennis player from Semarang, the Dutch East Indies.

In 1932 Hoerip was one of the tennis player that played against the Japanese Davis Cup tennis players visiting Semarang.

Hoerip represented the Dutch East Indies as one of the three tennis players at the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manilla. One of the other three tennis players was his brother Samboedjo Hoerip.

He became six times national champion in the doubles.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Both his brothers Samboedjo Hoerip and his younger brother Santoso Hoerip and sister Soelastri Hoerip played tennis. At the 1938 and 1939 Java championships, most prizes were won by the Hoerip family.


Soelastri Hoerip

Soelastri Hoerip was a female tennis player from Semarang, the Dutch East Indies.

One of her earliest matches are from December 1928.
Hoerip became in the 1930s multiple times national champion.

In 1934 she started working as a tennis trainer in Semarang as a worker for Sporting House.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Her brothers Santoso Hoerip, Samboedjo Hoerip and Soemadi Hoerip were known tennis players. At the 1938 Java championships, most prizes were won by the Hoerip family.


Acciona

Acciona, S. A. is a Spanish company for the promotion and management of infrastructures (water, concessions, constructions and services) and renewable energies. It has a presence in 65 countries on five continents. The company founded in 1862 in Galicia.

At the beginning of 2018, Transmediterránea would finally be sold to the Canarian company Naviera Armas.

In January 2018 Acciona signed a EUR 100 million loan with the European Investment Bank.

SENER

SENER is a private engineering and technology group founded in 1956. Specialises in activities related to Engineering and Construction. The company has industrial holdings in companies and works in the areas of energy, environment and aeronautics. In 2021, the Perseverance rover lands on Mars with SENER Aerospace technology on board.

Passamaquoddy

The Passamaquoddy are Native Americans and First Nation from New Brunswick and Maine. They are closely related to the Penobscot. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language is part of the Algonquian languages family. Their name means "pollock-spearer" or "those of the place where pollock are plentiful". They are part of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The US Government recognizes Passamaquoddy Tribe as a tribe.

Passamaquoddy had oral history. This means they spoke about their past history and family stories. They also made pictures and drawings. They lived more inland during winter and hunted in the winter. In the summer, they stayed near the coast. Here they went fishing. Passamaquoddy were involved in the fur trade. They were independent. They also had peaceful relations with French and English for many decades. Many Passamaquoddy died from European diseases. Settlers forced Natives off the land. The Passamaquoddy supported the Americans in the American Revolution. After the war, the Natives were only allowed to stay in the Indian Township Reservation in Washington County, Maine (Treaty of 1794). 

Maps showing the approximate locations of areas occupied by members of the Wabanaki Confederacy (from north to south):

Mormedi

Mormedi is a strategic design and innovation consultancy. The company was founded in 1998 by Jaime Moreno. Throughout its history, Mormedi got numerous design awards, such as the International Forum Design Awards (iF), Red Dot, German Design Awards8, and GOOD design awards.

Swan goose

The swan goose ("Anser cygnoides") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Baja California chorus frog

The Baja chorus frog, Baja California tree frog, or Baja California chorus frog ("Pseudacris hypochondriaca") is a frog. It lives in the United States and Mexico. It lives in California, Arizona, Nevada, and Baja California.

Some scientists think this is the same species as "Pseudacris regilla" but other scientists do not. In 2006, a team of scientists led by Recuero studied the mitochondrial DNA of frogs called "Pseudacris regilla" and decided that they should be considered three species: "Pseudacris regilla" in northern California, "Pseudacris sierra" in southern California, and "Pseudacris hypochondriaca" in Baja California. But other scientists say Recuero did not collect enough information. In 2016, another team of scientists, Duellman, Marion, and Hedges, said that this frog should be in the genus "Hyliola" instead of the genus "Pseudacris".

There are two subspecies of this frog: "Pseudacris regilla curta" is called the Cape St. Lucas tree frog, California Pacific tree frog, San Lucas Chorus tree frog, and San Lucas chorus frog. "Pseudacris hypochondriaca hypochondriaca" is called the San Lucan tree frog and Northern Baja California tree frog. "Pseudacris regilla deserticola" is called the desert tree frog.

Telefe Tucumán

Telefe Tucumán was a television station broadcasting on analog channel 8 in San Miguel de Tucumán, the capital of the Argentine province of Tucumán. It was an owned-and-operated station of the Telefe television network.

On January 31, 2023, the sale of the channel to Grupo Televisión Litoral, owner of channels 3 in Rosario and 6 in Bariloche, became official, for which the channel once again adopted the name of Channel 8, becoming an affiliate of Telefe. 

The original network closed on February 1, 2023.

Gregoria Apaza

Gregoria Apaza (June 23 1751– September 5 1782), was an indigenous leader in Bolivia. 


Prostitution in Bangladesh

Prostitution is legal and regulated in Bangladesh. Bangladeshi prostitutes often suffer poor social conditions and are frequently socially degraded.

Prostitution is legal in Bangladesh, but the Bangladesh constitution provides that the "State shall endeavor to prevent gambling and prostitution." Various provisions of different laws prohibit child prostitution, forced prostitution, solicitation and the keeping of unlicensed brothels.


Penobscot

The Penobscot (Abenaki: "Pαnawάhpskewi") are Native Americans and First Nation from the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language is part of the Algonquian language family. They are part of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The US government recognizes the "Penobscot Nation" as a tribe. They are in the regions of Maine, Atlantic provinces and Quebec. Their name means "the people of where the white rocks extend out." 

The Penobscot did hunting. They moved for different seasons. They traveled in birch bark canoes. They hunted and fished at different times of the year. They joined the fur trade. They traded furs and got goods like alcohol. Many Natives died from European diseases. They were not immune to these diseases. Penobscot encountered French in Canada and English in New England. They supported the Americans in the American Revolution. However, Americans began to push Penobscot off their lands. They were forced onto reservations. At the turn of the 19th century, the Penobscot gave up most of their land to Massachusetts. They could only stay on the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation. The tribe has sued the state of Maine several times. These have included issues like the right to hunt and land claims.
Penobscot made baskets. They used sweet grass, brown ash, and birch bark. Baskets became more decorative with European trade. 

For the Penobscot, the lands have spiritual importance. Religion was closely connected to land. The landscape was part of a larger cosmology. Thus, land was very important for the Penobscot. A key figure in legends is Klose-kur-beh (Gluskbe). He gives the Natives practical and spiritual knowledge. He is as old as creation. According to Penobscot cosmology, Gluskbe warned about the greed and lust of white men. Animals and plants also had spiritual elements. Natives converted to Christianity when Europeans arrived.
Maps showing the approximate locations of areas occupied by members of the Wabanaki Confederacy (from north to south):

Santoso Hoerip

Santoso Hoerip was a tennis player from Semarang, the Dutch East Indies. He was one of the best Indonesian tennis players in his era.

In 1938 he became national doubles champion with his brother and national mixed doubles champion with his sister. In 1939 he became again national doubles champion.

Also after World War II he continued winning tennis Championships.

Hoerip was specialized in the volley tennis technique.

In 1953 he moved to Caïro where he worked at the Indonesian embassy.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Both his brothers Samboedjo Hoerip and his older brother Soemadi Hoerip and sister Soelastri Hoerip played tennis. At the 1938 and 1939 Java championships, most prizes were won by the Hoerip family.


Religious nationalism

Religious nationalism are the relations of nationalism attached to a particular religious belief system, dogma, or an affiliation of some kind.

There are two parts of religious nationalism: Religion becoms more political. and it has a bigger influence on politics.

Examples for religious nationalism can be the Eastern Orthodox Churches: Usually, there is one such church per county, and there is one heas of the church by country. 

Pequot

The Pequot () are Native Americans from Connecticut. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language is the extinct Mohegan-Pequot language. It is part of the Algonquian language family. The Pequot used to be with the Mohegan. They fought against colonists in the Pequot War (1634–1638). Many were killed. The Mashantucket Pequot Tribe was created in 1975. The tribe runs the Foxwoods Resort Casino since 1986. Other recognized tribes of the Pequot today include Eastern Pequot Tribal Nation, Mohegan Tribe, Schaghticoke Tribal Nation and Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation.

There is debate about the meaning of the name Pequot. 

The Pequot have lived thousands of year on the land in present-day Connecticut. In parts of Connecticut the tribe had a strong presence. 

Many Pequot died from European diseases like smallpox. They were not immune to these diseases. 

At first, the Pequot and Dutch were just the main players in the region. They were involved in the fur trade. The English came later and brought unbalance. Tension between Natives and the English developed. The Pequot killed a English colonists in Connecticut. This led to the Pequot War. The Narragansett and Mohegan allied with the English colonists. The Pequot were successful in the beginning. Eventually, the Connecticut armies began a total war. The colonists killed many Pequot. Colonists and Native allies destroyed the Pequot village Mistick. This event is often called the Mistick Massacre. The Pequot lost their control and power of the land. They were forced onto reservations. Many are sold into slavery. 

In 1976, Pequot sued North Stonington for illegal land purchase. The US government later recognized the Mashantucket Pequot tribe and gave the tribe land. The tribe built the Foxwoods Resort Casino in 1992. 

In the 21st century, Pequot have been trying to bring back the lost language. 

Liep-Tjauw Tan

Liep-Tjauw Tan was an Indonesian tennis player from Jakarta.

Liep-Tjauw Tan became national champion in 1951.

He competed at the 1953 Wimbledon Championships and 1955 Wimbledon Championships. In 1955 he was beaten in the first round. After becoming singles champion in 1953, he competed at the 1954 Asian Championships in Manilla.

He married to an Indonesian tennis champion.


The Eyes Have It (movie)

The Eyes Have It is an American animated short movie. It was released on March 30, 1945.

Gene Visscher

Gene Visscher (November 23, 1940 – August 6, 2022) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head coach at Weber State University from 1971 to 1974 and at Northern Arizona University from 1981 to 1983.

Visscher died in Michigan on August 6, 2022 at the age of 81.

Andrew McCarthy

Andrew Thomas McCarthy (born November 29, 1962) is an American actor, travel writer, and television director. He is known for his roles in "St. Elmo's Fire", "Pretty in Pink", and "Less Than Zero". He also directed many episodes of "Orange Is the New Black" for Netflix.


Manchu Empire

Manchu Empire may mean:


Teresa Gallagher

Teresa Gallagher (born March 1, 1971) is an American-born British actress. She is the voice of Nicole Watterson in "The Amazing World of Gumball", Gelatin and Paige King in "Destiny's Side" and Lucy Elektra in "CyberAdult Girls".

69th FIFA Congress

The 69th FIFA Congress was held in Paris expo Porte de Versailles in Paris, France, on 5 June 2019.

Drop Zone (movie)

Drop Zone is a 1994 American action thriller movie directed by John Badham and starring Wesley Snipes, Yancy Butler, Gary Busey, Malcolm-Jamal Warner, Rex Linn, Mickey Jones, Michael Jeter. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Ronivaldo (footballer)

Ronivaldo Bernardo Sales (born 24 March 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Blau-Weiß Linz. 
He started his career with Náutico Capibaribe in Brazil. In 2013 he came to Austria. He played for SV Kapfenberg in Austrias Second League. In 57 matches he scored 27 goals for Kapfenberg.

In summer 2015 he went to FK Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.Due to severe injuries he could not play for the first team. After the recovery he played eight matches for the second team. From 2017 to 2020 he played for SC Austria Lustenau where he scored in 78 matches 68 goals.

On 10 July 2020, he signed with Wacker Innsbruck. After the relegation of Wacker Innsbruck due to financial problems he went to Blau-Weiß Linz.

Individual

Kumar Khadka

Kumar Khadka () is a Nepali politician of Nepali Congress and Minister in Gandaki government since 12 June 2021. 

2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress

The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress was held at the Hallenstadion in Zürich, Switzerland, on 26 February 2016. This special session of the FIFA Congress was called as a result of the 2015 FIFA corruption case. The session included the passage of a major statutory reforms proposal as well as the election of Gianni Infantino to replace Sepp Blatter as the President of FIFA.

Cirsa

Cirsa is a Spanish gaming and leisure company founded in 1978 and one of the world leaders in the sector. It has more than 14,000 employees and 212 companies present in more than 70 countries. In 2010 it had 88 bingo halls , 30 casinos and more than 50,000 operating gaming machines. In 2017 it has an approximate volume of 150 casinos. It was bought by Blackstone Group in 2018.

Grupo Caliente

Grupo Caliente one of the biggest gambling entities in Mexico and also a big player in Austria, Brazil, Ecuador, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela and the Caribbean.

Gerald Scheiblehner

Gerald Scheiblehner (born 25 February 1977) is a former Austrian football player. He is the current manager of FC Blau-Weiß Linz in the Second Austrian League. 
He started in the youth of SK VÖEST Linz. His only professional club was FK Austria Wien. After this he played for SK Eintracht Wels and SV Wallern.

After he ended his career he became coach of ASKÖ Donau Linz in the 4th league. 2014 he became coach of Union St. Florian in the Regionalliga (3rd level). From 2015 to 2019 he trained SK Vorwärts Steyr. In 2018 the club was promoted to the Second League. 2019/20 he became coach of FC Juniors OÖ. After he was fired in 2021, he became coach of FC Blau-Weiß Linz. 

A Change Would Do You Good

"A Change Would Do You Good" is a 1997 song by American country rock singer Sheryl Crow and taken from her 1996 self-titled album. It went to number 2 in Canada and number 8 in the United Kingdom. The music video pays homage to 1960s fantasy sitcom series Bewitched.




Kamen Rider Geats

Kamen Rider Geats is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" series. Super Hero Time joined "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers" and later, "Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger".





You Make My Dreams

"You Make My Dreams" is a 1981 song by American duo Hall & Oates and taken from their ninth album "Voices" and reached the top five in the United States.

Gabon women's national football team

The Gabon women's national football team is the national women's football team of Gabon and is administered by the Gabonese Football Federation. They are yet to compete at the FIFA Women's World Cup and the African Women's Championship.

Boreal chorus frog

The boreal chorus frog or western marsh frog ("Pseudacris maculata") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives in Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories in Canada and in Wisconsin, Idaho, Montana, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Illinois, Missouri, and Indiana in the United States.

India at the 1994 Commonwealth Games

<templatestyles src="Module:Infobox/styles.css"></templatestyles>
India has participated in the Commonwealth Games in 1994 at Victoria, British Columbia for 11th time. They ranked 6th in the final medal list.

Togo national under-20 football team

The Togo national under-20 football team is a U-20 football team of Togo and have been to the 1987 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Chile.

DNS zone

A DNS zone is a specific portion of the DNS namespace in the Domain Name System (DNS). It is managed by a specific organization or administrator. A DNS zone allows for more control of the DNS components, such as authoritative nameserver.

The DNS is broken up into many different zones. They are distinctly managed areas in its namespace. However, a DNS zone can contain several subdomains. Multiple DNS zones can exist on the same server.

A DNS zone is implemented in the configuration system of a domain name server. Historically, it is defined in the zone file, an operating system text file that starts with the special DNS record type "Start of Authority" (SOA) and contains all records for the resources described within the zone.

Mao

Mao may refer to:

Pocomtuc

The Pocumtuc (also Pocomtuck or Deerfield Indians) were a Native American tribe from Massachusetts. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their language was part of the Algonquian language family. They farmed the Three Sisters (maize, beans, and squash). They also did hunting and fishing along the Connecticut River. Many Pocumtuc died from European diseases. Many also died from wars with colonists. The Pocumtuc allied with the Tunxis and Narragansett against the Mohegan and the Pequot. In King Philip's War, they fought against English colonists. The Pocumted eventually fled to New York. They later moved to Quebec and the West. They joined Abenaki tribes in Canada. Today, many descendants of Pocumtuc live in New Hampshire, Vermont, and Canada. 

Powhatan people

The Powhatan people (; also spelled Powatan, also known as Virginia Algonquians) are a Native American group historically from eastern Virginia. They were part of the Powhatan Confederacy or "Tsenacommacah." The confederacy was made of 30 tribes. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their language is part of the Algonquian language family. Famous people are the chief Powhatan and his daughter Pocahontas. The Powhatans had conflicts with the people of the Jamestown, Virginia settlement. The US government and Virginia recognize several Powhatan tribes. 

The Powhatan Confederacy was made up of about 30 tribes: 

Accohanock, Accomac, Cantaunkack, Chepecho, Chesapeake, Chiskiak, Cuttawomans, Kecoughtan, Kiskiack, Mattehatique, Moraughtacund, Mummapacune, Nantaughtacunds, Onaumanients, Opiscopank, Orapaks, Paraconos, Paspahegh, Pataunck, Piankatank, Pissasecs, Portobaccoes, Powchyicks, Quiyoughcohannock, Secacawone, Shamapa, Tappahannocks, Tauxenent, Totas-Chees, Warraskoyack, Werowocomoco, Westmoreland County Appomatux, & Wicocomoco

Wahunsenacawh or Powhatan was a famous chief of The Powhatan people. He created the Powhatan Confederacy. The first six tribes included the Powhatan (proper), the Arrohateck, the Appamattuck, the Pamunkey, the Mattaponi, and the Chiskiack. His daughter was the well-known Pocahontas. The Powhatan is also the highest chief. The "weroance" (leader, commander) was below The Powhatan. The Powhatan people called their land "Tsenacommacah" ("densely inhabited Land").

The British first settled in Jamestown, Virginia in 1607. They were with Captain Christopher Newport. There was conflict right away. John Smith was the first English colonist to see Powhatan. He was a captive of the Powhatan people. According to Smith, Pocahontas saved him. Colonists needed the Powhatans as allies. The colonists needed the Powhtatan for survival and to know the lands. 

Natives attacked the Jamestown settlement several times. Conflicts with the colonists included the Anglo–Powhatan Wars (1622-1646). There were three stages to war. Wahunsenacawh died in 1618. With the new chief Opchanacanough, there were more conflicts with colonists. The third and last Powhatan War ended in 1646. Opchanacanough was captured and the Powhatan Confederacy fell. 

Many Powhatans died from war and European diseases. They were not immune to these diseases. Virginia colonists got black slaves. Slaves that escaped often joined the Powhatans. After Bacon's Rebellion, colonists also enslaved Native Americans.

In the 20th century, Walter Plecker tried to get rid of all Virginian Indian records. All state documents of American Indians in Virginia were lost. Some have called this a "paper genocide".

Today, Virginia recognizes eight tribes from the Powhatan people. The Mattaponi and Pamunkey are the only original tribes from the 17th century. Some Powhatans have moved to New Jersey and Delaware. At first, the US Government did not recognize any tribes. In 2018, the Chickahominy, the Eastern Chickahominy, the Upper Mattaponi, the Rappahannock, the Monacan, and the Nansemond tribes got federal recognition.


Mario Teaches Typing

Mario Teaches Typing is an educational video game created by Interplay Entertainment. The title was sold only in the United States in 1992 and later in the UK in 1993. The game is designed to teach players how to type.

Steve Fountain from the Evening Sentinel reviewed the CD-ROM/Windows version of the game, saying that "Mario Teaches Typing is less fun than a normal computer game, but a whole lot better than ploughing through a dull typing manual" (simple words: Mario Teaches Typing is not as fun as a normal computer game, but much better than reading through a boring keyboard instruction book).

The game sold more than 800,000 copies.

Antônio, Prince Imperial of Brazil

Antônio of Orléans-Braganza (born 24 June 1950, Rio de Janeiro) is a member of the Imperial House of Brazil and the Prince Imperial of Brazil according to the disputed claims of the Imperial Family's Vassouras branch, being the second in the line line of succession to the Brazilian throne as heir to his elder brother Bertrand, Prince of Brazil. 

He came from the younger branch, known as the branch of Vassouras, of the House of Orléans-Braganza and, for Brazilian monarchists who were supporters of this branch, he occupies second place in the order of succession to the extinct throne of Brazil, after his brother, Bertrand, Prince of Brazil.


Fletcher, Vermont

Fletcher is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Franklin, Vermont

Franklin is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Georgia, Vermont

Georgia is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Highgate, Vermont

Highgate is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Montgomery, Vermont

Montgomery is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Richford, Vermont

Richford is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Sheldon, Vermont

Sheldon is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

St. Albans (town), Vermont

St. Albans is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Swanton (town), Vermont

Swanton is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Alburgh (town), Vermont

Alburgh is a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

Grand Isle, Vermont

Grand Isle is a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

South Hero, Vermont

South Hero is a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

Belvidere, Vermont

Belvidere is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Cambridge, Vermont

Cambridge is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Eden, Vermont

Eden is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Elmore, Vermont

Elmore is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Johnson, Vermont

Johnson is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Stowe, Vermont

Stowe is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Waterville, Vermont

Waterville is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Wolcott, Vermont

Wolcott is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Bradford, Vermont

Bradford is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Dreaming (Blondie song)

"Dreaming" is a 1979 song by American band Blondie and is the opening track from their fourth album "Eat to the Beat". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Canada, number 3 in Ireland, number 6 in Norway, number 9 in New Zealand and number 27 in the United States.

Armeniac Theme

The Armeniac Theme (Greek: Ἀρμενιακόν [θέμα], Armeniakoi [thema]), more properly the Theme of the Armeniacs (Greek: θέμα Ἀρμενιακῶν, thema Armeniakōi) was a Eastern Roman province located in northeastern Asia Minor. 

Symphony in C major (Wagner)

The Symphony in C Major a symphony by Richard Wagner. It is the only complete symphony written by him. It was written in 1832.

The symphony has four movements: 

Symphony No. 39 (Haydn)

Symphony No. 39 is a symphony written by Joseph Haydn. It was written in 1765. It is written in the "Sturm und Drang" style.

The symphony is written for two oboes, four horns, and strings. It has four movements:

Maralinga

Located in South Australia, Maralinga was a site used by the British government to assess nuclear warhead capabilities between 1952-1963. This was authorised by the prime minister of the time, Sir. Robert Menzies. This anglophile facilitated the British government's Cold War paranoia. 
Referred to as "Section 400" this secret operation exposed surrounding Indigenous communities to radiation by contaminating the soil and water sources. Walter MacDougal, who threatened to go to the press, was tasked with searching 100, 000km by car to alert local Aboriginals, of the dangers, in some cases forcing them to leave their home. Despite this over one thousand Indigenous people were exposed to radiation, alternatively known as "black mist" by the locals.
The radiation was evaluated in a report in 1985 when the government took measures to begin resettling the town. In response to this the British Government sent ₤20 in reparations to the Australian government who provided the local Aboriginal community with $13.5 million AUD in compensation.

The town was returned to the Tjarutja people in November 2009, over half a century since the testing began.

Becca Balint

Rebecca A. Balint (born May 4, 1968) is an American educator, writer, and politician who is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont's at-large congressional district since 2023. She was a member of the Vermont Senate as a member of the Democratic Party from 2015 to 2023. She was also the President pro tempore of the Vermont Senate from 2021 to 2023. She was the Majority Leader in the state senate from 2017 to 2021.

In December 2021, Balint announced her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives for Vermont's at-large congressional district in the 2022 election. She won the Democratic nomination in August 2022. She won the general election in November 2022.

Balint is openly lesbian.

Mary Peltola

Mary Sattler Peltola (Yup'ik: Akalleq; born August 31, 1973) is an American Democratic politician. Peltola is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Alaska's at-large congressional district since 2022. She is the first woman to represent Alaska in the U.S. House and the first Alaska Native in congress. 

Before, she was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1999 to 2009. 

Peltola was a candidate for the United States House of Representatives for Alaska's at-large congressional district in the 2022 special election to fill in the vacancy of Don Young and in the November 2022 general election. She won the election on August 31, 2022, defeating former Governor Sarah Palin.

FBI search of Mar-a-Lago

On August 8, 2022, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) performed a search warrant at Mar-a-Lago, the personal residence of former U.S. president Donald Trump in Palm Beach, Florida. The search was about a safe owned by Trump that might have had classified documents from the White House when Trump was president.<ref name="Staff_8/9/2022"></ref> Trump was at Trump Tower in New York City during the search.

The White House said that President Joe Biden did not know about the search before it happened.<ref name="Quinn_8/9/2022"></ref>

Many Republicans including Marco Rubio, Ron DeSantis, Mike Pence, Marjorie Taylor Greene and Kevin McCarthy and some Democrats including Tulsi Gabbard, Andrew Cuomo and Andrew Yang did not support the FBI raid and criticized the FBI.

Hiroshi Ōtake

Ōtake died on August 1, 2022 from heart failure at the age of 90.

Deputy President of Kenya

The deputy president of Kenya is the second most powerful politician in the Kenyan government.

The deputy president is the main assistant of the president. Before 2010, the deputy president was known as the vice president. While the vice president was appointed by the president, the deputy president is elected with the President of Kenya.

Issey Miyake

"Issey Miyake" died on 5 August 2022 from liver cancer in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 84.

Peter Schowtka

Peter Georg Schowtka (; 7 January 1945 – 5 August 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Landtag of Saxony from 1991 to 2014.

Schowtka died on 5 August 2022 at the age of 77.

Tim Michels

Timothy James Michels (born August 7, 1962) is an American politician and businessman. He co-owns and co-manages Michels Corporation. He was the Republican Party nominee for Governor of Wisconsin in the 2022 election, however lost to Governor Tony Evers.

Michels was the Republican nominee for United States Senator in 2004, however lost to Senator Russ Feingold.

Lomira, Wisconsin

Lomira is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,430 at the 2010 census.

Brownsville, Wisconsin

Brownsville is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 581 at the 2010 census.

Sara Rodriguez

Sara Rodriguez (born July 25, 1975) is an American registered nurse, health care executive, and Democratic politician who is the Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin since 2023. She was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from 2021 to 2023. 

In November 2021, she announced her candidacy for Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin in the 2022 election. She won the nomination in the August 2022 primary.

Biyi Bandele

Biyi Bandele (born Biyi Bandele-Thomas; 13 October 1967 – 7 August 2022) was a Nigerian novelist, playwright and director. Bandele was born in Kafanchan, Nigeria. He directed the 2013 movie "Half of a Yellow Sun" and the 2022 Netflix series "Blood Sisters". 

Bandele died in Lagos, Nigeria on 7 August 2022 at the age of 54.


Brian Holland

Brian Holland (born February 15, 1941) is an American songwriter and record producer. He was best known as a member of Holland–Dozier–Holland. He also wrote many popular songs that were sung by Martha and the Vandellas, The Supremes, The Four Tops, and The Isley Brothers. 

Eddie Holland

Edward Holland Jr. (born October 30, 1939) is an American singer-songwriter, and record producer. He was a member of Holland–Dozier–Holland. He wrote many popular songs that were sung by Martha and the Vandellas, The Supremes, The Four Tops, and The Isley Brothers.

Holland also wrote the songs for the "First Wives Club" musical.

Lamont Dozier

Lamont Herbert Dozier (; June 16, 1941 – August 8, 2022) was an American singer-songwriter and record producer. He was a member of the Holland–Dozier–Holland group.

Dozier wrote the song "Two Hearts" for the movie soundtrack for "Buster". "Two Hearts" received a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song nomination, an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song; and a Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television. 

Collins and Dozier also co-wrote "Loco in Acapulco" for The Four Tops".

Dozier and the Holland brothers were honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.

Dozier died at his home near Scottsdale, Arizona on August 8, 2022, at the age of 81.

Mario Fiorentini

Mario Fiorentini (7 November 1918 – 9 August 2022) was an Italian partisan, spy, mathematician, and academic. He was a professor of geometry at the University of Ferrara. He helped an assault mission at Regina Coeli prison and took part in the organization of the attack in via Rasella. He was Italy's most decorated World War II partisan.

Fiorentini died on 9 August 2022 at a hospital in Rome, Italy at the age of 103.

Mick Jones (footballer, born 1947)

Michael Jones (24 March 1947 – 9 August 2022) was an English professional footballer and manager.

Jones started his career as a central defender for Derby County. He later began playing with Notts County in 1969. He also played for Peterborough United.

Jones died on 9 August 2022 at the age of 75.

Rudi Koertzen

Rudolf Eric Koertzen (; 26 March 1949 – 9 August 2022) was a South African international cricket umpire. He began umpiring in 1981. He later became a full-time official eleven years later. He was born in Knysna, South Africa.

Koertzen was killed in a car crash near Riversdale, South Africa on 9 August 2022 at the age of 73.

Alberto Orzan

Alberto Orzan (; 24 July 1931 – 9 August 2022) was an Italian footballer. He played as a defender. He played for the Italy national football team four times between 1956 to 1957.

Orzan died on 9 August 2022 in Florence, Italy at the age of 91.

San Lorenzo Isontino

San Lorenzo Isontino (, ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is about northwest of Trieste and about west of Gorizia.

Holland–Dozier–Holland

Holland–Dozier–Holland was a songwriting and production team made up of Lamont Dozier and brothers Brian and Eddie Holland. They wrote many songs that made the Motown sound in the 1960s. 

They were known for producing albums and writing songs for the Four Tops and the Supremes, including 10 out of the Supremes' 12 US No. 1 singles, such as "Baby Love", "Stop! In the Name of Love", and "You Keep Me Hangin' On".

Nikolay Slyunkov

Nikolay Nikitich Slyunkov () (26 April 1929 – 9 August 2022) was a Belarusian politician. He was first secretary of the Communist Party of the Byelorussian SSR during the Soviet Union. 

Slyunkov died on 9 August 2022 in Minsk, Belarus at the age of 93.

You Are the Woman

You Are the Woman is a 1976 song by country rock band Firefall and taken from their self-titled album. It went to the top 10 in the United States and top 20 in Canada and New Zealand.

Maya Thevar

Karuppu Maya Thevar (15 October 1934 – 9 August 2022) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament for the Lok Sabha from Tamil Nadu from 1973 to 1984. He was born in Usilampatti, then-British India. He was a member of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.

Thevar died on 9 August 2022 in Chinnalapatti, India from cardiac arrest at the age of 87.

Miles Warren

Sir Frederick Miles Warren (10 May 1929 – 9 August 2022) was a New Zealand architect. He created the architecture firm Warren and Mahoney. He was known for designing buildings in Christchurch such as Christchurch Town Hall, Dorset St Flats, Harewood Crematorium and the College House.

Warren died on 9 August 2022 in Christchurch at the age of 93.

Stig Anderson

Stig Erik Leopold Anderson (25 January 1931 – 12 September 1997), better known as Stikkan Anderson, was a Swedish music manager, lyricist and music publisher. He was the co-founder of Polar Music. He was best known for managing the Swedish pop band ABBA.

On 12 September 1997, at the age of 66, Anderson died of a heart attack in Stockholm.

Hushang Ebtehaj

Amir Hushang Ebtehaj (, with the pen name of H. E. Sayeh (, lit. "Shadow"); 25 February 192810 August 2022) was an Iranian-German poet. He wrote about Iran's political, cultural and literary culture and controversies.

After the 1979 Iranian Revolution, Sayeh spent a year in prison for his writings. In 1987, he moved to Cologne, Germany, with his family and lived there.

Ebtehaj died on 10 August 2022 in Cologne at the age of 94.


Debbie Lesko

Debra Kay Lesko (née Lorenz; born November 14, 1958) is an American politician. She is a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives, representing since 2018. 

Lesko was in the Arizona Senate from 2015 to 2018. She was president pro tempore of the Arizona Senate from 2017 to 2018. Lesko also was a member of Arizona House of Representatives from 2009 until 2015. 

She won the 2018 special election to replace retiring U.S. Representative Trent Franks.

Trent Franks

Trent Franks (born June 19, 1957) is a former American politician and businessman. He was the U.S. representative for from 2003 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In December 2017, the House Ethics Committee announced that it would investigate allegations of sexual harassment against Franks. Franks had repeatedly asked two female staffers to have his children as surrogate mothers. After he resigned on December 7, 2017, U.S. Speaker Paul Ryan said the investigation found the claims to be "credible".

Cleft lip and cleft palate

A cleft lip is a birth defect. It is an opening in the upper lip that can expand into the nose. The opening may be on one side, both sides, or in the middle. A cleft palate happens when the palate has an opening into the nose.

The disorder can result in feeding problems, speech problems, hearing problems, and frequent ear infections. Less than half the time the condition is connected with other disorders.

It is a birth defect and may be caused by smoking and drinking alcohol during pregnancy. Other things connected to this are the age of the mother (older mothers are more likely to give birth to children with birth defects) and the sex of the child (cleft lip is twice as common in boys than in girls).

Prime Minister of Kenya

The Prime Minister of Kenya was a post in the Kenyan government. The first Prime Minister of Kenya was Jomo Kenyatta, who became Prime Minister in 1963. In 1964, Kenya became a republic; the post of Prime Minister was abolished. The post of Prime Minister was recreated in April 2008. The position was again abolished in 2013.

The last Prime Minister, Raila Odinga, was sworn in on 17 April 2008. He was Kenya's second Prime Minister.

Martha Karua

Martha Wangari Karua (; born 22 September 1957) is a Kenyan politician. She was Minister for Justice from 2005 to 2009. She also was a member of the National Assembly from 1993 to 2013.

Karua unsuccessfully ran for President of Kenya in 2013. She was picked to run for deputy president of presidential candidate Raila Odinga in the 2022 election. She would lose the election to the Ruto-Gachagua ticket in August 2022.

Robert Shwartzman

Robert Mikhailovich Shwartzman (; born 16 September 1999) is a Russo-Israeli racing driver.

Mohammad Fahad al-Qahtani

Mohammad Fahad Muflih al-Qahtani (, born 1965/1966) is a Saudi economics professor and co-founder of the Saudi Arabian human rights organization Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA). On 9 March 2013, al-Qahtani was sentenced to ten years in prison and ten years of travel ban.

In 2018, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award. 

Kray twins

Ronald "Ronnie" Kray (24 October 193317 March 1995) and Reginald "Reggie" Kray (24 October 19331 October 2000), were identical twin brothers, gangsters and convicted criminals from Haggerston. They led organised crime from Bethnal Green in the East End of London, from the late 1950s to 1967. 

Their gang, "the Firm", committed murder, armed robbery, arson, protection rackets and assaults.

The Krays, who were homosexual, were protected by two leading homosexuals in Parliament: Robert Boothby (later Lord Boothby), a leading Conservative member, and Tom Driberg, a leading Labour Party member. This was at a time when sex between men was still a criminal offence in the UK. The facts were printed in the "Sunday Mirror".

Although no names were printed, the twins threatened investigating journalists. Boothby threatened to sue the newspaper with the help of Labour Party leader Harold Wilson's solicitor, Arnold Goodman. In the face of this, the "Sunday Mirror" backed down, sacking its editor, printing an apology and paying Boothby £40,000 in an out-of-court settlement. 

Because of this, other newspapers were unwilling to expose the Krays' connections and criminal activities. Decades later, Channel 4 established the truth of the allegations and released a documentary on the subject called "The Gangster and the Pervert Peer" (2009).

Eventually, Scotland Yard decided to arrest the Krays, hoping other witnesses would speak once the Krays were in custody. On 8 May 1968, the Krays and 15 other members of the Firm were arrested.

It was the longest murder hearing in the history of British criminal justice. Justice Melford Stevenson said of the sentences "I recommend [they] should not be less than thirty years". In March 1969, both were sentenced to life imprisonment, with a non-parole period of 30 years for the murders.

The Whistle Blower

The Whistle Blower is a 1986 British spy thriller movie directed by Simon Langton and was based on the 1984 novel by John Hale. It stars Michael Caine, Felicity Dean, John Gielgud, Nigel Havers, James Fox, Kenneth Colley, Gordon Jackson, Barry Foster, David Langton, Mark Powley.

Bestseller

A bestseller is a book or other media that is known for their top selling status, meaning they sold many copies. They are often seen on bestselling lists by newspapers, magazines, and bookstore chains. An author may also be called a bestseller if their work are seen on a bestseller list many times. Well-known bestseller lists in the U.S. are published by "Publishers Weekly", "USA Today", "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post".

List of best-selling books

Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex

The Olympic National Sports Complex is a multi-use sports and recreation facility in Kyiv, Ukraine. It is located on the slopes of the city's central Cherepanova Hora, Pecherskyi District.

Leo McKern

Reginald "Leo" McKern, AO (16 March 1920 – 23 July 2002) was an Australian actor. He was known for his roles as Horace Rumpole on the British television series "Rumpole of the Bailey" and Carl Bugenhagen in "The Omen" and its .

He was also in "Help!" (1965), "A Man for All Seasons" (1966), "Ryan's Daughter" (1970), "The Blue Lagoon" (1980), "The French Lieutenant's Woman" (1981) and "Ladyhawke" (1985).

McKern died on 23 July 2002 at a nursing home in Bath, England from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 82.

Peter Rösel

Peter Rösel (born February 2, 1945 in Dresden) is a German concert pianist.


Helmut Senekowitsch

Helmut Senekowitsch ( 22 October 1933 – 9 September 2007) was an Austrian football player and later a football manager.

He played 354 matches and scored 119 goals for SK Sturm Graz, Real Betis, First Vienna FC and FC Wacker Innsbruck.

He played for the Austria national football team. In 1958 he played in the FIFA World Cup. He played 18 matches and scored 5 goals.

Senekowitsch later worked as a coach in different European countries like Germany (Eintracht Frankfurt), Greece ( Panathinaikos, Olympiacos , AEK Athens), Spain (Athletic Bilbao) and Austria (Grazer AK, VOEST Linz, Linzer ASK, First Vienna FC)
From 1976 to 1978 he was manager of the Austrian national football team. After 20 years Austria had qualified for the World Cup. In the 1978 FIFA World Cup the Austrian team advanced to the second round. The first match was a 1–5 loss against Netherlands being coached by his former teammate Ernst Happel. Later he led them during the game known as "The miracle of Córdoba" where they won 3:2 versus West Germany. It was the first victory since 47 years.

He died in September 2007 after a long illness.


Fernando Chalana

Fernando Albino de Sousa Chalana (; 10 February 1959 – 10 August 2022) was a Portuguese footballer and manager. Chalana was born in Barreiro, Portugal. He was known for his career with S.L. Benfica, playing with them from 1976 until 1984 and again from 1987 to 1990. Chalana also played for the national team from 1976 to 1988.

Chalana died on 10 August 2022 in Lisbon, Portugal at the age of 63.

The Seventh Curse

The Seventh Curse is a 1986 Hong Kong adventure horror movie directed by Lam Ngai Kai and is based on series of books by Ni Kuang. It stars Chow Yun-fat, Chin Siu-ho, Dick Wei, Maggie Cheung, Sibelle Hu, Elvis Tsui, Chor Yuen, Kara Hui.


Vesa-Matti Loiri

Vesa-Matti "Vesku" Loiri (4 January 1945 – 10 August 2022) was a Finnish actor, musician and comedian. Loiri was known for his role as the main character in "Uuno Turhapuro". Other movie roles include "The Boys", "Sign of the Beast" and "Bad Boys". A flute player, he represented Finland at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1980. Loiri was born in Helsinki, Finland.

Loiri, who had diabetes, was diagnosed with pancreatic and stomach cancer in January 2022. He died from the cancers on 10 August 2022 at a Helsinki hospital, aged 77.

Annie Salamun

Annie Salamun is an Indonesian athlete from Bandung. She was a member of athletics club Peratib in Bandung and represented Indonesia at internationally. She was the first Indonesian sportsperson to win a medal at the Asian Games in 1951 in the discus throw.

Salamun won the discus throw af the inaugural 1948 Indonesian National Sports Week in with a distance of 25.52 metres.

In December 1950 the Indonesian national athletics competitions took place that was also used as qualification for the 1951 Asian Games. With a distance of 26.16 metres she won the discus throw event ahead of Sihwarini. As a preperation for the 1951 Asian Games she went with the national team on a training camp in Djokja in January 1951. She was official selected for the Games in February 1951 and was one of the 17 Indonesian athletics competitors.

At the 1951 Asian Games she won the bronze medal in the discus throw with a distance of 25.43 metres, far behind Japanese Toyoko Yoshino and Fumi Kojima. She threw twice further, but these throws were invalid. This medal at the fifth day of the Games was the first medal for Indonesia at the Asian Games.

At the 1951 National Sports Week she finished second in the discus throw from Saleh who also took her competition record.

Wounded Game

Wounded Game () is a 1977 Russian World War II drama movie directed by Nikolai Gubenko (who also stars) and also starring Juozas Budraitis, Aleksandr Kalyagin, Zhanna Bolotova, Rolan Bykov, Bukhuti Zaqariadze, Evgeni Evstigneev.

Days of Glory (1944 movie)

Days of Glory is a 1944 American World War II romantic drama movie directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Tamara Toumanova, Gregory Peck, Alan Reed, Maria Palmer, Lowell Gilmore, Hugo Haas, Glen Vernon. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1945.


Spotted chorus frog

Clark's tree frog, Clark's striped tree frog, or the spotted chorus frog ("Pseudacris clarkii") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas in the United States and in Tamaulipas in Mexico.

International Physics Olympiad

The International Physics Olympiad (IPhO) is a physics competition for secondary school students and is one of the International Olympiads. The main aim of IPhO is to test the highest level of knowledge, critical thinking, problem solving, right practices of presentation and analysis, and hands-on skills in theoretical and experimental physics. 

The first IPhO was organized by Prof. Czesław Ścisłowski in Warsaw (Poland) in 1967. Since then, the Olympiad has been organized annually in different countries as a 9-10-days competition wherein national teams comprising a maximum of five of their best physics students and two team leaders participate.

International Olympiad in Informatics

The International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI) is one of the International Science Olympiads. Its primary goal is to stimulate interest in informatics (computing science) and information technology. Another important goal is to bring together exceptionally talented pupils from various countries and to have them share scientific and cultural experiences. Several International Olympiads in Informatics have been organized so far, hosted by a number of different countries.

My Way

My Way may refer to:


Wappinger

The Wappinger () were a Native American people group from southern New York and western Connecticut. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. The main center was in Dutchess County, New York. Their language was part of the Algonquian language family. They spoke the Munsee language of the Lenape people. The Wappinger Totem was the “enchanted wolf”. The groups formed loose bands. They were allies with other tribes in the Northeast, like the Mohican and the Montaukett. The Dutch Henry Hudson was the first to record these people. War with colonists and European diseases weakened the Wappinger. Some of the last Wappinger lived in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Daniel Nimham was the last sachem of the Wappinger. Descendants of the Wappinger moved to Shawano County, Wisconsin.

There is no clear translation for the name Wappinger. There are many different spellings for the Wappinger. They include: 

Wappink, Wappings, Wappingers, Wappingoes, Wawpings, Pomptons, Wapings, Opings, Opines, Massaco, Menunkatuck,Naugatuck, Nochpeem, Wangunk Wappans, Wappings, Wappinghs, Wapanoos, Wappanoos, Wappinoo, Wappenos, Wappinoes, Wappinex, Wappinx, Wapingeis, Wabinga, Wabingies, Wapingoes, Wapings, Wappinges, Wapinger and Wappenger.

The Wappinger spoke a dialect of Munsee. This was also the language of the Lenape. 

Wappinger ate different types of food. They went hunting and fishing. They gathered fruits, flowers, seeds, roots, nuts and honey. They also did agriculture. Plants included the Three Sisters (corn, beans, squash). The Wappinger included many bands with chiefs (sachem). 

