The two main kinds of missiles are simple "rockets" and "guided missiles". A rocket is no longer controlled once it has been launched. Most guided missile are also propelled by a rocket engine but can be controlled after it has been launched. Some missiles used in anti-aircraft warfare, such as the AIM-9 Sidewinder, guide themselves with temperature. Others guide themselves by radar or are under radio control.

Cruise missiles are big missiles that carry large payloads to hit ground targets or to badly damage/sink ships. Ballistic missiles look similar, but they keep the engine off and don't stay at a lower height to be more accurate like cruise missiles do. Instead, they go high up to the edge of space and turn off the engine. Since there's no air friction in space, they don't need the engine on to continue moving forward at the same speed. They then crash into the target from the sky. The Topol M is the missile in the picture and is a ballistic missile. In short, cruise missiles have an engine always running and fly low through the atmosphere to get to a target. Ballistic missiles go to the edge of space and turn off their engine to fall to a target. You could say cruise missiles fly while ballistic missiles fall. 

The V-1 flying bomb was an early cruise missile, a little pilotless airplane with a bomb, propelled by a jet engine instead of a rocket.


Salford

Salford is a city in England. It was made a free borough by Ranulf, Earl of Chester in about 1230. and was granted city status in 1926. Salford is unusual because it borders the city of Manchester at its center, rather than its outskirts. The two cities are divided by the River Irwell.

Salford shares the industrial history of its neighbour Manchester. It hosts several museums and art centres, chiefly: The Lowry and the Imperial War Museum, both on Salford Quays. There was a major cotton and silk spinning and weaving factory district in the 18th and 19th centuries. It was an inland port on the Manchester Ship Canal from 1894. Broadcasters moved to the Salford Quays development called MediaCityUK.

1290s

The 1290s was a decade that began on 1 January 1290 and ended on 31 December 1299.


The Nightmare Before Christmas

The Nightmare Before Christmas is a 1993 stop-motion animated dark fantasy movie directed by Henry Selick and produced/co-written by Tim Burton. It is a 31st movie. It tells the story of Jack Skellington, a skeleton from "Halloween Town" who opens a portal to "Christmas Town".This new town makes Jack realize he wants to do something different than Halloween every year. Jack tries Christmas out but soon realizes that Christmas may not be for him. Danny Elfman wrote the music to the movie and provided the singing voice of Jack, as well as other characters. Other voices in the movie include Chris Sarandon, Catherine O'Hara, William Hickey, Ken Page and Glen Shadix.



Crumple zone

Crumple zones in a car help to reduce the impact of force on the people in the car when the car crashes into a solid object or another vehicle. The car is designed to crumple in a way so it absorbs energy to decelerate for longer and so reduce the force and severity of the crash on the people in the car.

Harriet Lane

Harriet Rebecca Lane Johnston (May 9, 1830 – July 3, 1903), niece of lifelong bachelor United States President James Buchanan, acted as First Lady of the United States from 1857 to 1861. She was one of the few women to hold the position of First Lady while not being married to the President.

Her parents were Elliot Tole Lane and Jane Buchanan Lane. When she was 9 years old, her mother died. Two years later, her father also died. She became an orphan. She requested that her uncle, James Buchanan, be made her guardian. Thus, Buchanan became her guardian. He arranged for her education. She received a very good education.

In 1854 she went to London to live with her uncle, James Buchanan. There she attracted the attention of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. She gave her the title of “dear Miss Lane”.

In 1857, her uncle became the President of the United States. She became the First Lady. She was a popular First Lady, and was very active. Women of that time even copied her hair style and style of dressing. People describe her as the first of the modern first lady.

After her uncle retired, they went to live in his big home at, Wheatland near Lancaster, Pennsylvania. From her young age, she had met many persons.

Within next 18 years, she saw many deaths: her uncle, her husband, and her two young sons. 
After this, she moved to Washington to live. She gifted a large collection of her art works to the government. An official of the Smithsonian Institute once described her as the First Lady of the National Collection of Fine Arts. She also donated a large amount to build a facility for invalid children at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.

She married when she was 36. Her husband was Henry Elliot Johnston. Her husband was a banker from Baltimore.

After her death, she was buried at Baltimore, Maryland.

Afelia

Afelia is a Greek food. It is popular in the island nation of Cyprus. Afelia is made from pork, red wine, mushrooms, potatoes and coriander seed.


President of Ireland

The President of Ireland (Irish: Uachtarán na hÉireann ) is the head of state of Ireland. It is mostly ceremonial and elections are held every seven years, a person can be elected for up to two terms. The current President of Ireland is Michael D. Higgins.


The functions of the President were exercised by the Presidential Commission from the coming into force of the Constitution on 29 December 1937 until the election of Douglas Hyde in 1938, and during the vacancies of 1974, 1976, and 1997.

Normandy

Normandy () is a region in northern France. People from Normandy are called Normans. The name Normandy comes from the "Northmen" (), also called Vikings. They came from Scandinavia, and conquered this area in the 9th and 10th centuries. The group of people that settled at Rouen and became the Normans was led by Rollo. Normandy is also famous for being the location of the Allied invasion of France during World War II (See D-Day). The Battle of Normandy was the beginning of the Allied invasion and liberation of Europe from Nazi Germany.

Archaeological evidence, such as cave paintings, show that people lived in Normandy in prehistoric times. The Gouy and Orival cave paintings also show people lived in Seine-Maritime. Many megaliths can be found in Normandy, most of them built in the same way. 

Groups of Belgae and Celts, known as Gauls, invaded Normandy in the 4th and 3rd centuries BC. Much of our knowledge about this group comes from Julius Caesar’s book "de Bello Gallico". Caesar wrote about many groups among the Belgae who lived different areas in towns surrounded by walls. In 57 BC the Gauls worked together and tried to fight Caesar’s army. They were led by Vercingetorix. The Normans lost an important fight at Alesia. They did not stop fighting until 51 BC, when Caesar finished his conquest of Gaul. Normandy was part of Armorica when it was ruled by Romans.

The duchy of Normandy began in the year 911. Charles the Simple, King of France gave land near Rouen and the lower Seine to Rollo, leader of a band of Vikings. This treaty is often called St. Clair-sur-Epte. More land was given in 924 and 933. 

The Duke of Normandy, William the Conqueror, invaded England in 1066 after King Edward the Confessor died. William the Conqueror thought he should be King of England. But King Harold II had crowned himself king. King Harold's Saxon army and William's Norman army fought at the Battle of Hastings on October 14 1066. King Harold was killed in the battle. On December 25 1066 William was crowned King of England as 'William I'.

The historic duchy is made of two regions of France: Upper Normandy and Lower Normandy. The Channel Islands are part of the duchy of Normandy. But they are not part of France. The whole duchy was not part of France for a long time. In 1205, Philip II of France took away all the French land from King John of England. Then, Normandy was a province of France.

During the Second World War (1939–1945) Normandy was part of German-occupied France. The town of Dieppe was the site of the unsuccessful Dieppe Raid by Canadian and British armed forces. The Allies (Britain, the United States, and Canada) launched the D-Day landings on 6 June 1944 under the code name 'Operation Overlord'. About 12,000 planes dropped paratroopers before dawn. At dawn the Normandy landings began. Nearly 160,000 Allied soldiers came to the beaches, in about 7,000 ships and landing craft. 

The Germans were defending their fortifications above the beaches. Caen, Cherbourg, Carentan, Falaise and other Norman towns had many casualties in the Battle of Normandy. The German defenders fought aggressively but were constantly pushed back. The battle for Normandy continued until the closing of the Falaise pocket. The liberation of Le Havre followed. That allowed the breakout of Allied forces into France and finally Germany and was a significant in the war. It led to the restoration of the French government in France. The last bit of Normandy was liberated only on 9 May 1945, at the end of the war un Europe, when the German occupation of the Channel Islands effectively ended.

The historical duchy of Normandy occupied the lower Seine area, the Pays de Caux and the region to the west through the Pays d'Auge as far as the Cotentin Peninsula. The region is bordered along the northern coasts by the English Channel. There are granite cliffs in the west and limestone cliffs in the east. There are also long stretches of beach in the center of the region. The unique bocage hedges are typical of the western areas of Normandy. The highest point is the Signal d'Écouves at in the Massif armoricain. Normandy is lightly forested. Eure has the most wooded areas with about 20% being forest. The population of Normandy today is around 3.45 million.

Sarah Childress Polk

Sarah Childress Polk (September 4, 1803 – August 14, 1891) was the wife of the US President James K. Polk. She was the First Lady of the United States from 1845 to 1849.

She was born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. She was the elder daughter of her parents, Captain Joel and Elizabeth Childress. As a child, she lived on a plantation near Murfreesboro, Tennessee. She got a good education and studied at Salem College in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. 

On 1 January 1824, she married James K. Polk. At the time of her marriage, she was 20 years old. Polk was aged 28 years. At the time of this marriage, Polk had just begun his first year's service in the Tennessee legislature.

The Polk couple did not get any children of their own. They raised a nephew, Marshall Polk (1831-1884). After her husband’s death, Sarah Polk raised a niece, Sarah Polk Jetton (1847–1924). 

She also helped privately her husband in preparing his speeches and in his correspondence. During her term as the First Lady, the functions at the White House were famous for their calmness and soberness. One of the reasons being her young age when she became the First Lady. She became the First Lady when she was only 41. The other reason that she was having a good health.

Her husband died just after three months of her retirement as the President. At that time the couple was living at their new home named Polk Place in Nashville. After her husband’s death she always dressed in black. She lived in that house for about 42 years, the longest retirement and widowhood of any former US First Lady. 

Only three other First Ladies, namely, Anna Harrison, Edith Bolling Wilson, Lady Bird Johnson and Bess Truman had lived longer than Sarah Polk. Sarah Polk, as the First Lady of the United States, even outlived several of her successors. She lived longer than Margaret Taylor, Abigail Fillmore, Jane Pierce, Mary Todd Lincoln, Eliza McCardle Johnson and Lucy Webb Hayes.

She died in Nashville, Tennessee just three weeks before her 88th birthday.

As the First Lady, and even after her retirement as the First Lady, she earned a lot of respect from all section of the society.

Anna Harrison

Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison (July 25, 1775 – February 25, 1864) was the wife of President William Henry Harrison. President Benjamin Harrison was her grandson. She was the First Lady of the United States during her husband's one-month term in 1841. But she never entered the White House.

She was born near Morristown, New Jersey on July 25, 1775. Her father was a judge and his name was John Cleves Symmes. Her mother’s name was Anna Tuthill Symmes. Her mother died in 1776 when Anna was hardly one year old. During the American Revolution, Anna's father dressed like a British soldier and carried her on horseback passing through the British lines to her grandparents on Long Island. They cared for the child till the end of the war with the British.

At the age of thirteen, she went to North Bend, Ohio to live with her father and the stepmother. After few years, she met William Harrison, a young army officer. She married him on 25th November 1795. The couple had six sons and four daughters: Elizabeth Bassett "Betsy" (1796 - 1846), John Cleves Symmes (1798 - 1830), Lucy Singleton (1800 - 1826), William Henry, Jr. (1802 - 1838), John Scott (1804 - 1878), Benjamin (1806 - 1840), Mary Symmes (1809 - 1842), Carter Bassett (1811 - 1839), Anna Tuthill (1813 - 1845), and James Findlay (1814 - 1817).

After an eventful career in the US Army, her husband became the President of the United States in 1841. Due to her illness, she could not attend the inauguration ceremony and remained at their home in North Bend. After a month, on April 4, 1841, she was about to move to Washington when she learned of her husband's death. Thus, she never entered the White House, even though she was the First Lady. 

After the death of her husband, she lived in North Bend with one of her sons, John Scott Harrison. She helped raise his children. One of the children was eight-year old Benjamin who became President of the United States. She died at the age of 88 on February 25, 1864 at home in North Bend, Ohio.

Sarah Yorke Jackson

Sarah Yorke Jackson (July 1805? – August 23, 1887) was the daughter in law of US President Andrew Jackson and Rachel Donelson Jackson. She acted as the First Lady of the United States from November 26, 1834, to March 4, 1837. 

Sarah Yorke was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her parents were very rich. The exact date of her birth is not known. But, it was in July 1805. Her father’s name was Peter Yorke. Her father had worked as a sea captain, and then became a merchant. Her mother’s name was Mary Haines York. Her father died in 1805. While going to New Orleans, her mother died in 1820. Sarah had two other sisters. Her two aunts raised all the three children.

On November 24, 1831, Sarah married Andrew Jackson, Jr. He was the adopted son of president Andrew Jackson. The couple lived in the family plantation farm in Tennessee. There in 1834, a fire destroyed the main house. They came to Washington, and started living in the White House. By that time, they had become parents of two children. 

The couple and their children reached the White House on November 26, 1834. She immediately started to act as the First Lady. At the same time, the President’s niece Emily Donelson was also acting as the First Lady. This is the single example of two ladies acting as the First Lady in the history of the United States. In 1836, Emily died of tuberculosis. After that, Sarah continued to act as the First Lady. 

President Jackson’s term as president expired in 1837. Until then Sarah remained in the White House and continued to act as the First lady. By that time, a new house was constructed at Tennessee. The couple and the former president lived there for about eight years. In 1845, Andrew Jackson died. She continued to live there with her husband. When the American Civil War broke out, the couple moved to Mississippi. She died on August 23, 1887.

Carnivora

The order Carnivora is a group of mammals. The group is divided into the "cat-like" Feliformia and the "dog-like" Caniformia. 

Animals of the order Carnivora are "carnivores", a term which applies to all flesh-eaters. If one needs to refer to members of the order, then "carnivorans" is used. Many species of Carnivora are actually omnivores, and a few of them, like the giant panda, eat mostly plants.

The order includes aquatic relatives in the superfamily Pinnipedia, the walruses and seals.

Mammalian carnivores have a particular arrangement of their back teeth. It is to slice the meat of their prey. As the photo shows, two of the back teeth work as meat slicers. If they change their way of life (various aquatic mammals) this feature gets changed or even lost (selected against).


The Carnivores are linked with the Miacids and Viverravids in an unranked clade, the Carnivoramorpha:

The carnivores known as †Creodonts have some relation to these groups, but are placed outside the Carnivoramorpha. The †Mesonychids are another extinct group of early carnivores, which are also not in the Carnivoramorpha.

Fowl

Fowl are birds belonging to one of two biological orders, namely the gamefowl or landfowl (Galliformes) and the waterfowl (Anseriformes). It happens that birds in these groups are good to eat, and often hunted by gun. So the word 'fowl' may be used for a game bird. The group is mostly of birds we hunt or farm, and which we eat. Studies of anatomical and molecular similarities suggest these two groups are close evolutionary relatives. Together, they form the fowl clade, the Galloanserae. This clade is also supported by morphological and DNA sequence data, as well as retrotransposon data.

Receipt

A receipt is usually a piece of paper, but in some parts of the world they can also be hard tokens. The word comes from "receive", which means "to get".

Receipts are used to show or prove that someone has got or received something. It usually shows proof that something has been paid for. It might also be used to show that something was brought in to be fixed, for example, a bicycle.


Error

An error is a mistake: that is its basic meaning. However, there are some differences in how the word is used in different subjects.

Elementary errors in arithmetic show a wrong pattern of thought. For example, if a child misplaces the decimal point in some decimal arithmetic, that shows he or she has not understood the idea. By explaining how decimal points should be placed, a teacher can correct all future calculations of this kind. The error is a sign of a general misunderstanding, which, when cured, may never happen again. In this way, errors can help learning.

This idea can be developed in many other subjects. Errors can help learning if corrected, and that is used by many textbooks with end-of-chapter questions. The idea of the questions (which often have end of book answers) is to help the reader find out what needs correcting. The principle of learning is called knowledge of results. 

A statistical error is "the amount by which a sample differs from its expected value". The expected value is based on the whole population from which the individual was chosen.

A tricky point is this:

The word 'error' can be used to describe a computer program that was not written in the right way. A "syntax error" is a bit of source code that does not make sense to the computer. A "logic error" is a mistake in the algorithm used, which might result in problems with the output. 

An error may also be an "exception", which is something that happens unexpectedly. For example, it is an error to try to write more files onto a disk that is full. Careful programmers write code that can deal with errors that may happen; they can do this by labeling each error with an error code and using exception handling. Continuing to run a program when an error has not been dealt with can cause error avalanche, which means errors pile up and behavior becomes more difficult to predict.

In a catastrophe like a nuclear accident, even small errors in accuracy and precision can lead to very harmful consequences.

Union of European Football Associations

The Union of European Football Associations mostly called the UEFA, is the organization that controls European football (soccer) (often referred to as association football). The UEFA is one of 6 continental confederations of the FIFA. It is also the biggest one. The President of the UEFA is Aleksander Čeferin.

Some members of the UEFA are partly or whole not part of the European continent (Israel, Turkey, Kazakhstan,Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia, Cyprus and Russia). There are members that do not represent sovereign states, such as the Faroe Islands, England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.

UEFA national teams have won 12 FIFA World Cups (Italy-4, Germany-4, France-2, England and Spain-one trophy each), and UEFA clubs have won 21 Intercontinental Cups and four FIFA Club World Cups. In women's, UEFA teams have won three FIFA Women's World Cups (Germany 2, Norway 1) and one Olympic gold medal (Norway).

The main international competition is the UEFA European Football Championship. This competition started in 1958, with the first finals in 1960. It is held every four years. The last was 2016 in France. The title was won by Portugal for their first time ever. There were also European competitions at the Under-21, Under-19 and Under-17 levels. For women there was the UEFA Women's Championship.
There are two main club competitions. The highest is the UEFA Champions League. It started in the 1992/93 season as follower of the UEFA Champion Cup. This competition was first held in 1956. The second is the UEFA Europa League. The league started in 1999 when the UEFA Cup and the Cup Winners' Cup merged. In women's football UEFA governs UEFA Women's Champions League for club teams. The competition was first held in 2009 (out of UEFA Women's Cup until 2009)
Since 1992 no winner of the Champions League was able to defend the title the next season.




Asian Football Confederation

The Asian Football Confederation often referred to as just AFC, is the organization that controls Asian football.

The AFC has 46 member associations split into four regions.


SAFF Members

CAFF Members




Micronesia

Micronesia is an area in Oceania. Many islands in the western Pacific Ocean are part of it. Micronesia means "small islands" in ancient Greek language.

The Philippines is to the west of Micronesia. Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Melanesia are to the south of Micronesia. Polynesia is to the east of Micronesia.

Most of the islands in Micronesia are atolls. These are ring-shaped islands made of a coral reef. But some are high islands with a coral reef around them.

Traditionally in Micronesia, each island or area has a chief. The chief cannot do anything without support of the council. Everyone is part of a clan, or extended family. Each family group also has a chief. The chiefs are usually older men. Micronesia is mostly matrilineal, which means that descent is followed through women. So a chief may be followed by his sister's son.

People in Micronesia often have family members on many other islands. The society values social equality. Wealth is spread pretty evenly between people. Even the chiefs are not much richer than everyone else. But this is less true in the eastern islands, where there are social classes.


2002 FIFA World Cup

The 2002 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in South Korea and Japan from May 31 to June 30, 2002. 32 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after beating Germany in the final by a score of 2-0. 69,029 people were at the finals at International Stadium, Yokohama.









|

Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol

CONMEBOL or CSF (CONfederación SudaMEricana de FútBOL in Spanish, CONfederação Sul-AMEricana de FuteBOL in Portuguese; "South American Football Confederation") is the governing body of football in most of South America.

Three countries or territories on the South American mainland—the independent countries of Guyana and Suriname, plus the French overseas department of French Guiana—are not CONMEBOL members. Instead, for cultural and competitive reasons, they are members of CONCACAF, the governing body for the rest of the Americas.



Monotreme

Monotremes are a group of mammals that form the order Monotremata. Monotremes are the only mammals that lay eggs, but they also feed their babies with milk.

The word 'monotreme' refers to their common rear opening, the cloaca. In amphibia, reptiles, birds and probably all early tetrapods, there is a common opening for urine, reproduction and faeces.

Monotremes are derived from earlier mammals than the marsupials and eutherians, but their fossil record is poor. 

The time at which the monotreme line diverged from other mammalian lines is uncertain, but one survey of genetic studies gives an estimate of about 220 million years ago. This is in the Upper Triassic. Fossils of a jaw fragment 110 million years old were found at Lightning Ridge, New South Wales. This means they originated up to 100 million years before the Metatheria or Eutheria, so they are definitely 'living fossils'.

The egg-laying and the cloaca are primitive ('basal') features inherited from earlier synapsid tetrapods. 

But the monotremes also have other features such as the production of milk, caring for their young in burrows, homeothermy and a neocortex in their brains. These are advanced ('derived') features which they share with placentals and marsupials. This mixture of basal and derived features is characteristic of the way different body parts often evolve at different rates. This is called mosaic evolution. 

In mammals, a monophyletic group, there were a number of different lines living at the same time through the Upper Triassic to the Upper Cretaceous. Each of these lines had a mixture of basal and derived features until, at last, the placental mammals developed the whole suite of derived characters. This gave them a great advantage over the other groups wherever open competition occurred. However, because of their long seclusion in southern continents, some of the monotremes and marsupials have survived.
There are two surviving families of monotremes, with five living species. They all live in Australia and New Guinea. People commonly know them as platypus and echidnas. There is only one platypus that exists now, the duck-billed platypus. The four others echidnas.


FIFA Club World Cup

The FIFA Club World Cup is a competition in the sport of Club football. The Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) organizes the World Cup every one year. The tournament officially assigns the world title. It is normally contested between the Champions of each continent, and the champion of the host country. Real Madrid is the most successful team in the tournament, with 5 titles.

"See also:" Clubs of football world champions




Metatheria

Metatheria is a group in the class Mammalia which contains the marsupials and the sparassodonts. 

The group was first proposed by Thomas Henry Huxley in 1880. It is nearly synonymous with the earlier taxon Marsupialia, but it also contains the nearest fossil relatives of marsupial mammals. 

Metatheria differ from all other mammals in their dental formula. This usually includes five upper and four lower incisors, a canine, three premolars, and four molars.

The earliest known representative, "Sinodelphys", is from the Lower Cretaceous of China. 

The closest relatives of the metatheres are the Eutheria (also erected by Huxley in 1880). Both are together united as infraclasses in the subclass Theria. The Theria contains all living mammals except monotremes.

During development, metatherians produce a yolk sac placenta and give birth to 'larval-like' offspring. 

These offspring have underdeveloped rear limbs, and after birth they migrate to the marsupium where they attach to a nipple. The mouth of newly born metatherians forms an "O" shape into which the mother's nipple fits. Then the nipple swells to secure the offspring in place.

The Greek words "meta-" and "theria" roughly means the ""other beasts"", in contrast with "Eutheria" (""true beasts"").

Metatherians first appeared in the Cretaceous period. Some stem group metatherians persisted well into the Neogene period before becoming extinct. Crown group marsupials, the one branch of Metatheria that survives today, diversified close to the time of extinction at the end of the Cretaceous.

Spermatic cord

The spermatic cord (also known as Van Deferens or Sperm Duct) is a cord-like structure in the male reproductive system that runs from the abdomen down to each testicle. It carries sperms from the epididymis to the urethra.

Mixed martial arts

Mixed martial arts (or MMA) is hybrid martial arts. It includes any mixture of combat disciplines or any blend of two or more styles of martial arts like boxing and kick boxing, which are its integral fighting styles. MMA can also mean the sport of mixed martial arts fighting. Bellator, PFL, Rizin, ONE Championship, and UFC are companies that promote MMA sport fighting. 

The people who organize an MMA fight can decide the rules for that fight.

There is no one group of people who decides the rules for all MMA fights, in the world. Some states regulate all professional fights, including MMA fights, and set some rules.

MMA fights once had few rules, but now have many rules to protect the fighters. Boxing (and other fighting sports) also have many rules, different from those in MMA.

Fighters can use any martial art, or combination of arts, they like in the fight. In these fights, fighters can fight standing with punches, kicks and other strikes, in a clinch where fighters are grabbing each other while standing, or on the ground.

An example of an illegal strike is the 12-6 elbow strike. It is illegal under the Unified Rules of Mixed Martial Arts, where it is called "striking downwards using the point of the elbow". The ban was made for medical / safety reasons, because of serious injuries caused by this strike.

Each fighter will try to defeat the other either by submission, or knock out. Each fight can last only for a period of time, after the time ends, judges decide who is the winner. The referee in the fight will make sure no one gets hurt too badly and that rules are followed.

Pankration was an old style of unarmed combat. The ancient Greeks introduced this sport into the Olympic Games in the 648 BC. Some public fights took place at the end of the 19th century. They represented different styles of fighting, including jujutsu, wrestling, Greco-Roman wrestling and others in competitions and challenges throughout Europe. After World War I, wrestling was born again in two main flows. The first flow was real competition; the second flow began to depend more on the choreography and on the grand public shows that resulted in professional wrestling. 

Modern mixed martial arts (MMA) has its roots in two kinds of competition: the Vale Tudo (Brazil) and Japanese Shootfighting. 

Vale Tudo began circa 1930, when Carlson Gracie invited every competitor to compete in a fight. That was the so-called "Gracie's Challenge". Later, Hélio Gracie and the Gracie family continued this. Vale Tudo translates to "Anything Goes", as it had almost no rules. 

In Japan, about 1970, Antonio Inoki organized a series of mixed martial arts fights. They were the forces that produced the Shootwrestling, and they later caused the developing of the first organization of mixed martial arts, known as Shooto. Mixed martial arts obtained great popularity in the United States in 1993, when Rorion Gracie helped create the first UFC event, one of the earliest MMA events in the USA . In 1997, in Japan, the interest for this sport resulted in the creation of the greater organization of mixed martial arts - Pride Fighting Championship.

The Gracie family caused the tournaments, as the UFC, to be well known. It should be noticed that the UFC is the most famous tournament, but the persons who practises Brazilian jiujitsu normally do not use blows. Undoubtedly, the Gracie family played an important role in the creation of open competitions of Vale Tudo and in causing them to be well known through the television. Nevertheless, before anyone created the UFC or Shooto, where the persons who represent every method of self-defense can fight, there had already existed such mixed martial arts.

About the year 1990, three styles were famous for their effectiveness in the competitions of the mixed martial arts: the wrestling, the Brazilian jiu-jitsu, and Muay Thai. This can be because of their attention given to the combat by means of holds. Before the year 1990, the promoters organized a lacking amount of the competitions of the mixed martial arts, and some martial arts base on blows. Therefore, probably, most instructors of these arts had given too little attention to the holds.






Urarina

Urarina are Indigenous Peoples who live in the Peruvian Amazon Rainforest.


Sergipe

Sergipe is the smallest state in Brazil. Aracaju is the capital and largest city. Sergipe borders two other states, Bahia and Alagoas.

Sergipe's land is mostly caatinga. A strip of rainforest runs down the Atlantic coast. There are also swamps near the coast.
Sergipe's main crop is sugarcane. Cassava is also grown. There is a small petroleum industry.

The first people to live in Sergipe were from the Tupi Tribe. The name "Sergipe" is the Tupi word for "crab".

The Portugal took over the area, and made a settlement at São Cristóvão. Later, French pirates invaded Sergipe, but they left soon after.

Now, Sergipe is part of free Brazil.

Soviet–Afghan War

The Soviet war in Afghanistan was a war initially fought between the forces of the government of Afghanistan and fighters supported from abroad. Without proper equipment and training, the government was unable to resist the opposition, called the Mujahideen, and eventually sought the aid of the Soviet Union. The Soviets' entry to the country caused an immediate increase in the presence of foreign involvement. Massive military campaigns against the Mujahideen, who blended in with the local population, caused extensive destruction of local infrastructure and death, which made the local population to side with the Mujahideen. That caused a loss of support for the Soviet military presence and eventually created a nationwide resistance during the conflict.

The war began on 25 December 1979, when the Soviets brought their 40th Army to fight in Afghanistan, and lasted until 15 February 1989, when they announced that all of their troops had left the country. About 15,000 Soviet soldiers were killed, and about 35,000 were wounded. About two million Afghan civilians were killed. The anti-government forces were supported by many countries, Pakistan, the United States and Saudi Arabia.

The war started when the Soviet Union sent its 40th Army to fight in Afghanistan, which reached Afghanistan on 25 December 1979. The fighting continued for about ten years. On 15 May 1988, the Soviet troops started to leave Afghanistan, which continued until 2 February 1989.

The country has many mountains and deserts that make movement difficult. The population is made up mainly of Pashtuns, but there are also Tajiks, Hazara, Aimak, Uzbeks, Turkmens, and some other small groups.

In 1979, Hafizullah Amin was the ruler of Afghanistan. The KGB spies said that Amin's rule was a threat to Soviet Central Asia republics and also suspected that Amin was not loyal to the Soviet Union. It also found some information about Amin's attempt to be friendlier with Pakistan and China. The Soviets also suspected that Amin had been behind the death of Afghan President Nur Muhammad Taraki. Finally, the Soviets decided to remove Amin.

On 22 December 1979, Soviet advisers to the Afghan Army took many steps. They stopped all telecommunication links in Kabul. No message could come inside or go outside the city. Troops of the Soviet Air Force also reached Kabul. Amin saw danger and moved to the presidential palace, Tajbeg Palace, for more safety.

On 27 December 1979, about 700 Soviet troops took over major government and military buildings at Kabul. The troops wore uniforms similar to the Afghan Army. At 7:00 pm, the Soviet troops destroyed Kabul's communications and stopped all communication among Afghan troops. At 7:15 pm, Soviet troops entered Tajbeg Palace. By morning of 28 December, the first part of the military action was over. Amin and his two sons had been killed.

The Soviets announced freedom of Afghanistan from Amin's rule. They also said that the Soviet soldiers were there to fulfill their duty, as stated in the "Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Good Neighborliness of 1978."

An announcement came from the Kabul radio station about the killing of Hafizullah Amin. The Pro-Soviet Afghan Revolutionary Central Committee (ARCC) took the responsibility. Then, the ARCC chose Babrak Karmal as the head of government of Afghanistan. He asked the Soviet Union for military assistance.

The Afghan government asked the Soviet Union many times to send troops. Despite the Soviets' treaty with Afghanistan to assist, and fearing a Vietnam-style quagmire, the Soviet Union resisted but instead told the Afghanistan government to reach a compromise with the foreign fighters. The situation deteriorated between the Afghanistan government and the foreign fighters, and the Soviet Union responded initially with only intelligence and advisors.

The Soviet soldiers occupied much of Afghanistan, but they could never control the whole country. Soviet soldiers in Afghanistan lacked the proper military tactics for guerrilla warfare in Afghanistan's rugged mountainous terrain, and many of the Soviet troops were young conscripts who were untested in combat. Several Afghan groups continued to attack and to fight the Soviet troops.

People in most countries around the world did not like what the Soviets were doing in Afghanistan. They liked how the Afghans were fighting them. Some reactions were very serious. US President Jimmy Carter said that the Soviet action was "the most serious threat to the peace since the Second World War". Carter threatened to boycott the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow unless the Soviet Union withdrew its forces by February 1980. It did not do this and so the US boycotted the Games.

By the mid-1980s, many groups in Afghanistan had organized themselves to fight the Soviet troops. Those groups received help from many countries like United States, United Kingdom, China, Saudi Arabia, and Pakistan.

Pakistan thought that the Soviet war in Afghanistan was also a threat to since it is right next to the country. Through its intelligence agency, the ISI, the country also started bringing active support to Afghans fighting the Soviet troops.

The Soviet war in Afghanistan seemed like a war that would never end. The Soviets looked very bad in the eyes of the world for trying to control this country. Most people inside the Soviet Union did not support the war. As more and more Soviet soldiers were being killed or wounded as the war dragged on, Mikhail Gorbachev referred to the Soviet war in Afghanistan as a "bleeding wound". Finally, on 15 February 1989, after ten years of fighting with no end in sight, the Soviets decided to get out of Afghanistan.

The war in Afghanistan badly affected the rule of the Soviet Communist Party. Many thought that the war was against Islam. This created strong feelings among the Muslim population of the Central Asian Soviet Republics. The Soviets had very low spirits, or "morale", because they were unable to control the people and were treated only as invaders everywhere they went. Andrei Sakharov openly said the bringing 
the Soviet Army into Afghanistan was wrong.

Over 15,000 Soviet troops were killed in Afghanistan from 1979 to 1989. During the war, the Soviet Army also lost hundreds of aircraft and billions worth of other military machines. Around two million Afghan men, women, and children died in the war.

Even after the Soviet Army had left Afghanistan, civil war continued in the country. For about three years, the communist government of Najibullah could managed to defend itself from the Mujahideen forces opposing it. Many groups had arisen within the government itself, and some of them supported the Mujahideen. In March 1992, General Abdul Rashid Dostam and his Uzbek militia stopped supporting the government. Soon, the Mujahideen had won Kabul and started to rule most parts of Afghanistan.

During the war, Afghanistan's economy had suffered badly. Grain production came down to 3.5% per year between 1978 and 1990. The Soviets also tried to bring commercial and industrial activities under state control, which also had a bad effect on the economy. With the breakup of the Soviet Union into many countries, Afghanistan's traditional trade also further suffered.

At the beginning, many people and countries had praised the US for supporting groups fighting the Soviet forces, but after the September 11 attacks, people started to question the US policy of supporting and giving money to such groups. In 2001, the US occupied Afghanistan, in an effort to find Osama bin Laden. In 2021, the last forces from NATO countries left Afghanistan.

Emily Donelson

Emily Tennessee Donelson (June 1, 1807 – December 19, 1836) was the niece of President of the United States Andrew Jackson. She acted as an unofficial First Lady of the United States from 1829 to 1836.

Emily Tennessee Donelson was born in Donelson, Tennessee. Her father’s name was John Donelson. He was the brother of Rachel Donelson Jackson. Rachel Donelson Jackson later on married Andrew Jackson, the President. She studied at Nashville Female Academy in Nashville, Tennessee. She was a bright student and she got a very good education. At the age of seventeen, she married Andrew Jackson Donelson, called in short as A. J. Donelson. 
With her husband, she came to the White House in 1829. At that time, she was just 21 years old. Her husband A. J. Donelson served as a secretary to the President Jackson. Her first months at the White House marked the mourning for the death of Rachel Donelson Jackson. The period of mourning ended when Emily gave a party at the White House on 1 January 1830.

She continued to act as the First Lady for few years. She left the White House for some time. But, she returned again on the 5th September 1831. On 26 November 1834 Sarah Yorke Jackson, the President's daughter in law arrived at the White House. She also started to act as the First lady. It was the only time in the history of USA that two women acted at the same time as the First Lady. 

In 1836, Emily’s health became very weak. She was suffering from tuberculosis. In June 1836 she left the White House to recover and rest "Tulip Grove", her plantation. She could not recover and died on the 19 December 1836.

Letitia Christian Tyler

Letitia Christian Tyler (November 12, 1790 – September 10, 1842) was the first wife of John Tyler, the tenth President of the United States. She was the First Lady of the United States from 1841 until her death in 1842. 

Letitia Christian Tyler was born at her family’s plantation in Virginia. She could not get any formal education. But she learned to manage the plantation and raise a family. 
She married John Tyler on 29 March 1813. The day was the twenty-third birthday of John Tyler. The couple had eight children. Out of the eight, one died very young. 

After 1839, she fell ill. When John Tyler became president, Letitia Tyler was very sick. She was confined to her invalid’s chair. She lived in a second-floor room of the White House. She could not take part in social activities, but she looked after other affairs of the household. 

She died on 10 September 1842. She was the first President's wife to die in the White House. Her picture also appears on a postage stamp issued by the Isle of Man Post Office in her honor. After her death, Priscilla Cooper Tyler became the First Lady.

Julia Gardiner Tyler

Julia Tyler (born Julia Gardiner Tyler; May 4 or July 29, 1820 – July 10, 1889) was the second wife of John Tyler, the tenth President of the United States. She was the First Lady of the United States from June 26, 1844 to March 4, 1845.

Her parents were Juliana McLachlan and David Gardiner. Her parents belonged to a famous and wealthy family of New York. From her childhood, Juliana got training to move in high society. When she was just a girl of 15 in 1835, she went to tour Europe with her family. There she saw a social life of much glamour. In late 1842, she along with her parents went to Washington DC. In Washington DC, she attracted the attention of several men. One of them was President Tyler, a widower since September 10 1842.
In 1843, Julia, her sister, and their father joined the President Tyler on a tour on a steam naval ship. During the tour a huge naval gun exploded, killing her father. The President Tyler comforted her. He also got her consent for a secret engagement. Marriage took place on 26th June 1844. When the news was announced, it attracted interest and publicity. Some people also criticized it as the President Tyler was 30 years older than Julia.
Her role as the First Lady was very decent and charming for the guests. After her husband’s term ended as the president, they retired to their home at Sherwood Forest Plantation in Virginia. The President got seven more children from her. He was already having eight children with his first wife. There her husband died on 18th January 1862. In the meanwhile, the American Civil War had broken out. She had to move to New York as a refugee. She also faced monetary problems.
In 1870, the US Congress granted a pension of US$1,200 a year to Mary Lincoln, widow of Abraham Lincoln. In 1880, Julia could also get a pension of the same amount. After Garfield's assassination, the US Congress granted a pension of same amount of US$5,000 a year to all the widows of the presidents. They were Lucretia Garfield, Mrs. Lincoln, Sarah Childress Polk, and Mrs. Tyler.

Mrs. Tyler spent her last years comfortably in Richmond, Virginia. She died there on 10th July 1889.

Newsround

Newsround is a television programme for children. It talks about the news and gives information about things that are happening at the moment. It is shown on the channels BBC One, CBBC channel and the BBC World News.

"Newsround" used to be called "John Craven's Newsround" before the presenter called John Craven left in 1989. "Newsround" started on 4 April 1972 and is still going on today.


Lancelot

Sir Lancelot is a character in the legend of King Arthur. The legend says Sir Lancelot was a Knight of the Round Table. Lancelot was a Red Cross Knight, which meant that he was on a quest to find the Holy Grail.

In Arthurian legend, Lancelot was raised by the Lady of the Lake. For this reason, he was also called "Lancelot Du Lac". 

At one time, Lancelot was one of the most trusted knights of King Arthur's Round Table. This changed when Lancelot fell in love with the king's wife, Queen Guinevere. He later had an affair with Elaine of Configure. As a result, he and Guinevere parted ways.

Lancelot is the father of Sir Galahad. The legend is not clear about who was Galahad’s mother. It may have been Elaine of Configure. Sir Galahad eventually became the greatest knight in all of Camelot. Lancelot saw Galahad’s ascension.

Lancelot was the only knight known to have defeated King Arthur in a jousting match.

He first appeared as a main character in Chrétien de Troyes' "Le Chevalier de la Charrette" ("The Knight of the Cart"), written in the 12th century. A section called the Prose Lancelot includes stories about Lancelot’s adventures. Often, the stories contain conflicting background stories and chains of events.

is in Chrétien de Troyes' Le Chevalier de la Charrette ("The Knight of the Cart"), written in the 12th century, where his exploits are recounted in the section known as the Prose Lancelot, often with conflicting background stories and chains of events.


Pitcairn Islands

The Pitcairn Islands are a group of islands in the southern Pacific. People only live on the second-largest of the four islands. That island is named "Pitcairn". It is governed by the United Kingdom. It has the smallest number of people of any country. In 2019, 50 people lived there.

The islands are best known as home of the descendants of the Bounty mutineers and the Tahitians (or Polynesians) who accompanied them, an event retold in numerous books and films. This history still shows in the surnames of many of the islanders. There are only four family names (as of 2010): Christian, Warren, Young and Brown.

Originally people from Polynesia lived on the Pitcairn Islands, but there was no one living on the islands when they were discovered (found) by Captain Philip Carteret of "H.M.S. Swallow" on 2 July 1767. The island was named after Robert Pitcairn, a 15 year old midshipman who was the first person on the "Swallow" to see it. Robert is believed to have been lost at sea in early 1770 when the ship he was on, "HMS Aurora," went missing in the Indian Ocean.

In 2004 charges were laid against seven men living on Pitcairn and six living abroad with sex-related offences dating back a number of years. On 25 October 2004, six men were convicted, including the island's mayor at the time. After the six men lost their final appeal, the British government set up a prison on the island at Bob's Valley. The men began serving their sentences in late 2006, as of 2010 all men have served their sentences or been granted home detention status (Pitcairn News, 2010).

In 2010 the island received a new and updated constitution.

While the Pitcairn Islands are a British Overseas Territory, the islands use the New Zealand dollar, not pound sterling. The US dollar is also used. 



Sun bear

The sun bear ("Ursus malayanus" or "Helarctos malayanus") is a bear living in Southeast Asia.

The sun bear is the smallest bear. It has short black fur, and a yellow spot on its chest. Its ears are small and round. It has big feet with naked soles and long claws, which help the sun bear climbing. It can climb very well. It cannot see very well, but its sense of smell is very good.

Sun bears mostly live in tropic rainforests. They are mostly active at night, and they stay in trees a lot of the time.

It eats a lot of different things: fruit and other plants, eggs, honey and insects. They also eat small vertebrate animals, like reptiles, birds and mammals.

After a pregnancy of 96 days the female gives birth to 1-2 babies. Young sun bears become mature when they are 3-4 years old. sun bears can become up to 28 years old when in captivity (held by humans, e.g. in zoos).

Sun bears do not hibernate.


Priscilla Cooper Tyler

Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper Tyler (June 14, 1816 – December 29, 1889) was the daughter-in-law of John Tyler. John Tyler was the tenth President of the United States. She acted as the First Lady of the United States from September 10, 1842 to June 26, 1844 upon the death of John’s first wife, Letitia Tyler.

Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper was born in New York City. Her father’s name was Thomas Apthorpe Cooper. Cooper was a successful stage actor and producer. Priscilla Cooper’s mother was Mary Fairlee Cooper. At the age of 17 Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper started to work as an actress. Her father became very successful, and the family lived in a big house on Broadway theatre. But, in the Panic of 1837, the family suffered great losses. Sometimes, they only had radishes and strawberries to eat.
She met her future husband Robert Tyler while performing in a play in Richmond, Virginia. They became closer and their marriage took place on 12th September 1839. John Tyler, his father in law, was a US Senator. She received a nice welcome at her husband’s home. Her father in law became the Vice President after 1840 presidential election. But, the President William Henry Harrison dies just after one month of becoming the President of the United States. After this, John Tyler became the President. 
Letitia Tyler, wife of the President John Tyler was a semi-invalid lady. Therefore, the President asked Priscilla to assist Letitia in her duties as the First Lady. Letitia died on September 10, 1842. After Letitia’s death, Priscilla became the First Lady. People of her time has described Priscilla as attractive and intelligent. 
In 1844, Robert Tyler moved to Philadelphia along with his wife, Priscilla. Priscilla passed her duties to the President's daughter Letitia Tyler Semple.

Robert Tyler and Priscilla lived in Philadelphia for 16 years. Robert worked as a lawyer. In 1861, American Civil War broke out. They declared their loyalty to the Confederate States of America. They moved to Richmond. In Richmond, Robert worked as the register of the Confederate Treasury. After the American Civil War, Robert became the editor of the "Mail and Advertiser" newspaper in Montgomery, Alabama. He died in 1877. Priscilla remained in Montgomery after Robert's death. She died in Montgomery in 1889. 

Eliza McCardle Johnson

Eliza McCardle Johnson (October 4, 1810 – January 15, 1876) was the first lady of the United States and the wife of Andrew Johnson, the 17th president of the United States from 1865 to 1869. She previously served as Second Lady from March to April 1865.

She was born in Telford, Tennessee. She was the only child of John McCardle, a shoemaker, and Sarah Phillips-McCardle. Eliza lost her father when she was still a small child. She was raised by her widowed mother in Greeneville, Tennessee. One day in September 1826, Eliza was chatting with classmates from Rhea Academy when she spotted Andrew Johnson and his family pull into town with all their belongings.

Andrew Johnson, aged 18, married Eliza McCardle, aged 16, on May 17, 1827, at the home of the bride's mother in Greeneville. Mordecai Lincoln, a distant relative of Abraham Lincoln, presided over the nuptials.

The Johnsons had three sons and two daughters, all born in Greeneville:

She supported her husband in his political career, but had tried to avoid public appearances. During the American Civil War, Confederate authorities ordered her to evacuate her home in Greeneville; she took refuge in Nashville, Tennessee. 

A few months later after her husband became president, she joined him in the White House, but she was not able to serve as First Lady due to her poor health. She remained confined to a room on the second floor, leaving the social chores to her daughter (Martha Johnson Patterson). Mrs. Johnson appeared publicly as First Lady on only two occasions - at a reception for Queen Emma of the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1866 and at the president's birthday party in 1867.

After episodes of "consumption" (tuberculosis), Eliza died on January 15, 1876, at the of age 65 in Greeneville, Tennessee. She survived her husband by five and a half months.


Rose Cleveland

Rose Elizabeth Cleveland (June 13, 1846 − November 22, 1918), was the acting First Lady of the United States from 1885 to 1886, during the first of her brother U.S. President Grover Cleveland's two administrations. 

Rose Elizabeth Cleveland was born in Fayetteville, New York, on June 14, 1846. Known to her family as "Libby", Rose was the youngest of nine children born to Reverend Richard Falley Cleveland and Ann Neal Cleveland. In 1853 the family moved to Holland Patent, New York, where her father was settled as pastor of the Presbyterian church, and where he died that same year. Rose was 7 at the time of her father's death. She stayed in Holland Patent to care for her widowed mother. Grover Cleveland, Rose's elder brother, was 16 years old at the time.

When her elder brother, Grover Cleveland, won the election to the twenty-second presidency of the United States, Rose became First Lady and lived in the White House for two years, she stood by her brother as First Lady during his inauguration, and his two initial bachelor years in the White House.

During her early tenure as First Lady, Rose received front-page treatment from the New York Times about her appearance during her second reception at the White House. The Times reported that Miss Cleveland, Wore a dress of black satin, with entire overdress of Spanish lace. The satin bodice was cut low and sleeveless, and the transparent lace revealed the shoulders and arms. Rose Cleveland did not completely fit into Washington high society during her tenure as first lady. It is said that," Rose Cleveland was a bluestocking, more interested in pursuing scholarly endeavors than in entertaining cabinet wives and foreign dignitaries." Rose was an intellectual, and she preferred to lecture rather than entertain, but she made sure to perform her duties as First Lady as a favor to her brother. 

Later on President Cleveland married Frances Cleveland. Rose resigned as the First Lady, and started her career in the field of education. 

She died on November 22, 1918 in Bagni di Lucca, Italy, from the Spanish flu. She is buried in Bagni di Lucca.

Project Gutenberg

Project Gutenberg (PG) is an online project that offers a digital archive of copyright-free e-books in the public domain. It was started in 1971 by Michael S. Hart. The purpose of the Project is to collect in and make available cultural work (like books) using computers. These are generally free and may be used on most computers. The project gets its name from Johannes Gutenberg, a German publisher who made the first European printing press in 1439. 

As Project Gutenberg continued to grow, in 2000, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, Inc. was created. It is a non-profit organization with main office in Mississippi, United States. 


F. Scott Fitzgerald

Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald (September 24, 1896 - December 21, 1940) was an Irish American writer. He is remembered mostly for his novel The Great Gatsby, and for being one of the main members of the Lost Generation.

Fitzgerald was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He briefly went to the Nardin Academy– a private Roman Catholic school in Western New York. When his father lost his job, the Fitzgerald family returned to Minnesota. F. Scott Fitzgerald then went to the St. Paul Academy, but was thrown out of the school when he was aged 16 for not working hard enough. Fitzgerald went to another school in New Jersey and eventually went to Princeton University in 1913. While he was at Princeton, Fitzgerald wrote for a musical-comedy club at the university which led to him sending a novel off to a book publishing company, Charles Scribner’s Sons. The editor liked Fitzgerald’s writing, but did not publish the book. Fitzgerald left Princeton University to serve in the United States Navy in World War One, but the war ended shortly after he signed up.

Fitzgerald got engaged to Zelda Sayre in 1919. He moved into an apartment on Lexington Avenue in New York where he wrote short stories and worked in advertising. Zelda did not think that Fitzgerald’s job was good enough and she broke off their engagement. Fitzgerald went back to his parent’s home in St. Paul and worked on his first novel This Side of Paradise. "This Side of Paradise" was finally accepted by Charles Scriber’s Sons in late 1919 and Zelda and Fitzgerald got engaged again. "This Side of Paradise" was published in 1920 and was very popular. Scott and Zelda got married in St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York. On October 26, 1921, their daughter Frances Scott Fitzgerald was born.

Fitzgerald’s most famous book, "The Great Gatsby", was first sold in 1925. Fitzgerald travelled a lot at this time – mainly to France, where he met a number of other Americans who had left the United States. It was around this time that Fitzgerald first met Ernest Hemingway. They became good friends, but Hemingway did not like Fitzgerald’s wife, Zelda. Hemingway said that Zelda was insane, made Fitzgerald drink alcohol and that she did not allow him to do his best work. It is generally accepted, however, that Zelda had a big influence on Fitzgerald’s writing.

Fitzgerald’s other novels did not sell as well as his first novel while he was alive. He and Zelda spent a lot of money on parties and Fitzgerald had to try and make money by writing short stories. In the late 1920s, Fitzgerald started working on a fourth novel, but problems arose when Zelda’s mental health got worse. The fourth novel, "Tender is the Night", was not published until 1934. Some people say that the characters in the novel are very similar to Fitzgerald and Zelda themselves. "Tender is the Night" did not sell as well as "This Side of Paradise" in Fitzgerald’s lifetime, and a number of critics said it was poor. The book is now considered to be one of Fitzgerald’s better works, however.

Zelda’s mental health did not improve and she went to live in a mental hospital while her husband worked on more short stories and his fifth novel.

Fitzgerald’s health got worse; possibly due to the fact that he drank a lot of alcohol during his life. On December 21st 1940, he had a heart attack and died. The last words of "The Great Gatsby" are written on Fitzgerald’s gravestone. His fifth and last novel, "The Love of the Last Tycoon", was released after he died.





Cupertino, California

Cupertino is a small city in Silicon Valley in the U.S. state of California. According to the 2020 census, Cupertino has a population of 60,381. The headquarters of Apple Computer is in Cupertino.



The A-Team

The A-Team is an American action television series which ran from 1983 - 1987. It is set in Los Angeles. It is about four former US Army commandos who are running from the military (who think that the commandos committed a crime that they did not) and make money by helping people with their problems.


Philadelphia (movie)

Philadelphia is a 1993 American drama movie starring Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington. It is about Andrew Beckett (Hanks), a gay lawyer who has AIDS. The people he works with find out and fire him. He thinks this is unfair and hires another lawyer (Washington) who does not like gay people.

Forrest Gump

Forrest Gump is a 1994 American epic comedy-drama romance movie. It is based on the 1986 book of the same name by Winston Groom. Forrest Gump is the main character of both the movie and book. The movie earned much money in theaters. It earned $677 million worldwide during its theatrical run. It earned more money than any other movie in North America that year. The movie was nominated for a total of 13 Academy Awards. It won six of these, including Best Picture, Best Visual Effects, Best Director (Robert Zemeckis), and Best Actor (Tom Hanks).

The Forrest Gump is renowned for its timeless storytelling, iconic characters, and Oscar-winning excellence. Tom Hanks' portrayal of Forrest Gump in an American historical journey, coupled with innovative visuals and social commentary, continues to resonate with audiences.

The movie is set in Alabama. It tells the story of a man with an IQ of 75 and his epic journey through life. It tells about him meeting historical people, affecting popular culture and being a part of historic events. While all this happened, Forrest does not know the importance of the events were because of his naiveté and much lower than average intelligence. There are many differences between the story in the movie and the story in the novel.
The movie won six Academy Awards: Best Picture, Director, Actor, Visual Effects, Film Editing and Adapted Screenplay. The film was nominated for an additional six Academy Awards, including Best Actor in a Supporting Role for Gary Sinise as Lieutenant Dan. The other nominations were for Best Cinematography, Art Direction, Sound Editing, Makeup, Original Score and Sound Mixing. At the Golden Globes the film won for Best Motion Picture in the Drama Category, Best Direction of a Motion Picture and Best performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture and was nominated for Best Original Score, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress and Best Screenplay. The movie has a 71 percent rating on the website Rotten Tomatoes with 40 positive and 16 negative reviews. The audience gave the film a rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the website with 93% of the audience liking the film.



Ted Kennedy

Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy (February 22, 1932 - August 25, 2009) was the Senator for the U.S. state of Massachusetts from 1962 to 2009.

Ted Kennedy was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, which is a neighborhood in Boston. He was the youngest son of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy. He was the younger brother of former President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy, both of whom were assassinated, as well as Joe Kennedy, who was killed in World War II. A lot of other sad things happened in his life: he almost died in a plane crash, he was involved in a car crash that took the life of a campaign worker, and one of his sons had cancer as a child.

Ted Kennedy went to Harvard and served in the Army before entering politics. He ran for and won the seat given up by his brother when he became president. While in the Senate, he fought for the working class, mainly for health care and the minimum wage. In 1980, he ran for president, but lost in the primaries to Jimmy Carter.

On July 18, 1969, Senator Kennedy and passenger Mary Jo Kopechne were driving in Chappaquiddick Island where the car crashed over the bridge into the ocean. Kennedy left the scene leaving Kopechne to drown to death as she was trapped in the car. Kennedy plead guilty. Many believe this is why he decided not to run for President in 1972 or 1976.

In 2008, he found out he had glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer. Despite the cancer, he campaigned for Barack Obama and sometimes appeared in the Senate.

He died from the cancer at his home in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts just before midnight on August 25, 2009.

Flag of Singapore

The Flag of Singapore consists of two horizontal halves—red above white. Red symbolises universal brotherhood and equality of man; white stands for pervading and everlasting purity and virtue. In the upper left corner, a white crescent moon and five white stars form a circle. The five stars stand for the ideals of democracy, peace, progress, justice, and equality. 

For 140 years (1819-1959), the Union Jack flew over Singapore. Then, on 3 December 1959, the National Flag was unveiled at the installation of the new Head of State, the Yang di-Pertuan Negara, when Singapore was granted self-rule (but not complete independence) by the British Government. Also unveiled that day were the State Crest and the National Anthem. The flag was conceived and created by a committee headed by then Deputy Prime Minister Dr. Toh Chin Chye.

Guidelines for the use of the flag have been relaxed in recent years to encourage greater usage.

Singaporeans and non-governmental buildings may display or fly the national flag to identify with the nation. Singaporeans are encouraged to do this during occasions of national celebration or national significance.





Bess Truman

Elizabeth Virginia Wallace Truman (February 13, 1885 – October 18, 1982) was the first lady of the United States from 1945 to 1953 as the wife of the 33rd president of the United States, Harry S. Truman. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from January to April 1945 when her husband was vice president.

Elizabeth Virginia Wallace was born on February 13, 1885, in Independence, Missouri, to Margaret Elizabeth Gates and David Willock Wallace. As a child, Bess had a reputation as a tomboy due in part to her love for sports, including golf, tennis, horseback riding, basketball, baseball, and ice skating. She practiced dance and etiquette, and she attended town balls.

In 1903, when Wallace was 18, her father committed suicide. The family moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado, for a year to avoid the community's attention. After her father's death, Wallace took responsibility for raising her younger brothers, and the family moved in with her maternal grandparents. She refused to speak about her father for the rest of her life.

After graduating from Independence High School, she studied at Miss Barstow's Finishing School for Girls in Kansas City, Missouri. Wallace played on the women's basketball team, and she studied literature and French. After returning from school, she resumed her role as the head of the family, and she became involved with the community through her bridge club and her charity work with the Needlework Guild.

Wallace met Harry S. Truman after his family moved to Independence in 1890, and the two attended school together until graduation.

They got married on June 28, 1919, at Trinity Episcopal Church in Independence. Their only child, Margaret Truman, was born in 1924.

Truman became the first lady of the United States when her husband became the 33rd president on April 12, 1945, after Franklin D. Roosevelt died while in office. As first lady, Truman served as Honorary President of the Girl Scouts, the Woman's National Democratic Club, and the Washington Animal Rescue League. She was Honorary Chairman of the American Red Cross. She worked with various organizations, but she never adopted a group or cause to focus on, as many first ladies do.

After the end of World War II, Truman was responsible for restoring the White House social season, and she organized the White House's receptions and events. She was inspired by the history of the White House in particular during the presidency of James Monroe. 

She resisted any changes to her lifestyle, often handling bookkeeping, dusting, and other chores on her own, though she did enjoy having domestic servants. Truman also allowed reporters to have copies of her schedule, becoming the first first lady to do so.

Truman died on October 18, 1982, from congestive heart failure at the age of 97, and a private funeral service was held on October 21. Afterwards, she was buried beside her husband in the courtyard of the Harry S. Truman Library in Independence, Missouri.

Margaret Taylor

Margaret Mackall Smith Taylor (September 21, 1788 – August 14, 1852), was the wife of Zachary Taylor, the President of the United States. She was First Lady of the United States from 1849 to 1850. Some people called her Peggy Smith. 

She was born in Calvert County, Maryland. Her mother’s name was Ann Mackall and her father’s name was Walter Smith. Her father was a major in the American Revolutionary War. When she was visiting her sister in Kentucky in 1809, she met Zachary Taylor. Taylor was a lieutenant at that time. They married in June 1810. For sometime, she stayed in a farm she had got as a marriage gift from her father. There she gave birth to her first baby. But, then she started to live with her husband. Taylor’s garrison moved from one location to other on the western front, and she also moved with him. 

Their two small daughters died in 1820. As described by Taylor, the children had died of “a violent bilious fever.” They had three other girls and a boy. All four grew to adulthood. Taylor knew the difficult life of a military man. He was always against their daughters marrying military men, but all the three married military persons from the United States Army.

At the White House, Peggy Taylor participated in the household activities and personal functions. She did not participate in formal and official functions. Her youngest daughter, Mary Elizabeth Bliss, acted as the official hostess for her mother.

Persian Gulf

The Persian Gulf is the name of a geographical place. Its location is in the Middle East. It is an extension of the Gulf of Oman. It is between Iran and the Arabian Peninsula, and the Arabs prefer to call it the "Gulf of the Arabs".

During the Iran-Iraq War (1980-1988), the Persian Gulf came into news. Both sides attacked oil tankers of each other. Later, when Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1991, the new war got the name of "Gulf War" but major fighting happened on land.

The water in the Persian Gulf is rich in fishes; it has long beautiful coral reefs. Deep inside the water of the Persian Gulf, there are many pearl oysters. Due to this, the area attracts a lot of activities.

In Persian language, the term khalīj-e-Fars means the Persian Gulf. In October 2018, the World Intellectual Property Organization of the United Nations registered Persian Gulf as a place of origin, based on the Lisbon Agreement for the Protection of Appellations of Origin and their International Registration.

The sea waters of the Persian Gulf covers an area of 233,000 km. On the east, it connects with the Gulf of Oman by Strait of Hormuz. On the west, it connects a major river delta of Shatt al-Arab. In this river delta, waters of two big rivers of the area flow into: the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers.

The length of the Persian Gulf is 989 kilometers, and the shortest distance between two land points are 56 kilometers. The waters are generally not very deep. The maximum depth is only 90 meters. The average depth is only 50 meters.

There are many countries with borders touching the Persian Gulf. If taken in a clockwise direction, these countries are from the north: Iran, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar on a peninsula off the Saudi coast; Bahrain on an island; and Kuwait and Iraq in the northwest. Many small islands lie within the Persian Gulf.

The area in and around the Persian Gulf has world’s largest crude oil. Industries relating to crude oil are the main industries in this area. Al-Safaniya, the world’s largest offshore oil field is in the Persian Gulf. Many countries with large crude oil are in this area. They are called Persian Gulf States, that is, the countries around the Persian Gulf. These countries are Iran, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Iraq (with its small portion touching the Persian Gulf) is not called a Persian Gulf State.

For about 200 years, from 1763 until 1971, the United Kingdom kept some control over some of the Persian Gulf countries. These countries were the Trucial States and at various times Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, and Qatar. Upon independence most of the Trucial States made a new United Arab Emirates.


World Trade Organization

The World Trade Organization (WTO) is a large international organization to regulate trade that was established in 1995. As of 2018, there are 164 members and 23 observer nations. In the WTO, agreements are made on trade between countries. The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) means that countries have to lower barriers to international trade, such as tariff on goods crossing borders. This lets businesses operate in many different countries.

There are about 30 such agreements. Based on these agreements, the member countries trade with each other. They sell items to each other and follow a set of rules. They have to give a special job to the other country. The phrase used (for such and many alike items) is to give the other country a special job – this is known as to give the other country "a most favored country job". From 2004, if a member sells any item to another member country, the same type of item should be offered to all other member countries. 

While it is highly regarded, from its beginning the WTO has also received criticism. 

Międzyrzec Podlaski

Międzyrzec Podlaski is a city in the east of Poland, in Lublin Voivodeship. It is on the Krzna rivers. It has 17 283 people.

Qing dynasty

The Qing Dynasty or the Qing Empire () was a dynasty of rulers of China from 1644 to 1912. The dynasty was founded by the Manchus and so its other name is the Manchu dynasty. The surname of the Qing emperors was Aisin Gioro. It became the Republic of China in 1912 after the 1911 Xinhai Revolution.

In 1580, Nurhaci became the Jian Zhou general of the Ming dynasty. He unified the Manchu tribe and organised the Eight Banners. In 1616, Nurhaci declared himself Khan (King) and founded the Jin dynasty in Liao Ling. In 1626, Nurhaci led armies to attack Ning Yuan. Unluckily, Nurhaci was wounded by Yuan Chonghuan's Portuguese cannon and he died 2 days later. Huang Taiji, the son of Nurhaci, then succeeded to the throne and became the Khan of the Manchu tribe. In 1643, Huang Taiji was dead, caused by apoplexy. Shunzhi Emperor inherited Huang Taiji's throne. Prince Dorgon became the regent. In 1644, the Manchu armies conquered the north of China. The capital was changed to Beijing. The Ming dynasty was overthrown, though fighting continued until 1683.

The self-strengthening movement ( or ; 1861 - 1895) was a reform organised during the late Qing. With the defeat in the Opium Wars and the outbreak of Taiping Rebellion, the emperor and the imperial officials realised that it was necessary to improve the country's state with a series of reforms. Therefore, the Self-Strengthening Movement was started. 

The movement could be divided into three phases: the first phase (1861 - 1872), the second phase (1872 - 1885) and the third phase (1885 - 1895). The major leaders are Yixin, Prince Gong (Chinese: 恭親王), Wenxiang (Chinese: 文祥), Zeng Guofan (Chinese: 曾國藩), Li Hongzhang (Chinese: 李鴻章), Zuo Zongtang (Chinese: 左宗棠), Shen Baozhen (Chinese: 沈葆禎) and Zhang Zhidong (Chinese: 張之洞). However, owing to the conservatives opposition and the problems of modernization, it failed finally.

Reforms were:




With the failure of the Self-Strengthening Movenment, the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War and the scramble for concessions, many Chinese leaders realised that reforms were urgently needed. Thus, the Hundred Day's Reform (Chinese: 戊戌變法; 11 June 1898 - 21 September 1898) was started in 1898. The leaders of the reform were Guangxu Emperor, Kang Youwei (Chinese: 康有為) and Liang Qichao (Chinese: 梁啟超). Eventually, it ended in a coup d'état led by Empress Dowager Cixi.

The main reforms were:




The Manchus changed their ways to be more like the Chinese in order to rule them better. The Manchus started wearing Chinese clothes and writing in Chinese. They began to enjoy Chinese food and art. One of the Manchu emperors, Qianlong Emperor, began to worry about how much like the Chinese the Manchus were becoming and he tried to get Manchus to be more Manchu. Qianlong Emperor made Manchus ride horses and shoot bows and arrows so that they would remember where they came from. The Chinese people used different types of clothes like maccukau, konaha, schinin and sakahn.

In the early Qing, Guangdong was a province. There were 79 counties. In 1911, it was checked that there were 5,041,780 households, approximately 28,001,564 people. The famous mountains in Guangdong were Lingchau, Huangling and Luofu. Dongjiang, Beijiang and Xijiang were the most important rivers in Guangdong. Guangzhou, Zhaoqing, Xiamen and Fujian were the major Guangdong cities.



Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (video game)

Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic is a video game developed by BioWare. It was released in 2003. The game has a sequel, titled "".

The game, also known as "KotOR", is a role-playing game. Developed using BioWare's engine "Aurora", the game is set in the fictional universe of "Star Wars". The story takes place four thousand years before the Battle of Yavin, 40 years after the war with Exar Kun (circa 3,956 BBY).

Darth Revan has been killed by his apprentice, Darth Malak, who has taken the mantle of Dark Lord of the Sith. Malak is continuing the war against the Old Republic, using numerous battleships. The Jedi Order sees its hope in Bastila Shan, a young female Jedi who is skilled in the art called "Battle Meditation". With that power, she can optimize the performance of the Jedi troops and the battleships. Also, an unnamed soldier (the player chooses the name) comes under attention of the Jedi Council.

Since it is a roleplaying game, the player can choose which class he wants to be. He can choose between soldier, scout, and scoundrel. The choice affects the statistics of the character (strength, agility, etc.). Also, the player can choose their character's gender and face.
The player must follow several main objectives, with many other minor missions. The player, while travelling on several planets, will meet some people who join him in his quest. A number up to 8 companions can join the player: Trask Ulgo, Carth Onasi, Bastila Shan, Mission Vao, Zaalbar, Canderous Ordo, Juhani, Jolee Bindo.

The main goal is to find the Star Forge, a powerful battle station that builds an endless fleet, which is used against the Republic. The player also has to kill Darth Malak.

The main character (the player) is entirely customizable. Face, gender and class can be chosen from a series of menus. One later discovers that they are Darth Reven, but still go by the original own name.
The player will meet some companions (playable characters, or PCs) during the adventure.

The player will also meet other minor characters (non-playable characters, or NPCs).


Hypnosis

Hypnosis is "a trance state characterized by extreme suggestibility, relaxation and heightened imagination".
It is an altered state of consciousness.

Usually, one person (the "hypnotist") talks to another (the "subject") in a special way that puts the subject into a trance. While the subject is in this state, he can be influenced by suggestions. The hypnotist can tell him to forget his name, or that the room is hot (he will start sweating), or that he is someone else. Hypnotic suggestions may be delivered by a hypnotist in the presence of the subject, or may be self-administered ('self-suggestion' or 'autosuggestion'). The use of hypnotism for therapeutic purposes is referred to as 'hypnotherapy', while its use as a form of entertainment for an audience is known as 'stage hypnosis'.

Contrary to a popular misconception—that hypnosis is a form of unconsciousness resembling sleep—some contemporary research suggests that hypnotic subjects are fully awake and are focusing attention, with a corresponding decrease in their peripheral awareness. Subjects also show an increased response to suggestions. However, the behaviour of subjects under hypnotism goes so far beyond normal focused attention that the description of "altered state of consciousness" is more used.

Hypnotherapy is when a hypnotist uses hypnosis to help the subject heal emotionally, or to heal a sick mind. Hypnotherapy is hypnosis used for therapy.

Hypnosis can also be done by one person acting alone. Then he is acting as both hypnotist and subject. This is called "self-hypnosis," or sometimes "auto-suggestion." In some cases, this is simply a form of using trance.

Almost every pre-modern society had practices which were somewhat like hypnotism. Often a special person in a society (witchdoctor, shaman, priest...) would conduct a ceremony. The ceremony might use incantations (spells), chants, repetitive music, mind-altering substances, darkness, fire, and other settings. The purpose was to send a person or group into an altered state of mind like a trance. Even literate societies such as ancient Greece had phenomena suggestive of hypnosis. The Delphic oracle was in a trance of some kind as she uttered her famous predictions. Whether that was self-hypnosis or just the effects of volcanic gas will never be known.

There seem to be many ideas about how hypnosis started. Historic records in modern Europe start with the work of Franz Mesmer, though he did not invent the word 'hypnotism'. Mesmer and his followers practised what was first called 'animal magnetism', and later mesmerism. Descriptions of his work leave no doubt that he had discovered for himself what we now call 'hypnotism'.

The words "hypnosis" and "hypnotism" both derive from the term "neuro-hypnotism" (nervous sleep) coined by the Scottish surgeon James Braid around 1841. Braid based his practice on that developed by but differed in his theory as to how the procedure worked.

The main hypnosis discoveries came in 1842 when Braid started to learn more about its effects. He did not think that 'mesmerism' was the cause of hypnosis, and in the end he thought that trances were only a 'nervous sleep'. In 1843 he wrote a book about this with the title "Neurypnology". In this book Braid described hypnotism as a state of physical relaxation accompanied and induced by mental concentration ("abstraction").

Hypnosis is used to treat fears, addictions, emotional trouble, pain control, stress, and so on.

The hypnotist must do two things to do hypnosis. First, he must put the subject into a trance. Second, he must lead the subject through the trance process (for therapy, or whatever effect is needed). Often, he will switch between these, first making sure the subject is in the proper state of mind, and then leading him through the process. These steps are repeated in a cycle throughout.

In trance, the subject does not make decisions about the truth of the hypnotist's suggestions: If trance is reached—it is not always—the subject will accept as true anything the hypnotist says, unless it goes against the subject's deepest beliefs. This is the heart of hypnosis: to put the subject in trance so he will accept suggestions.

Stage hypnotists get truly amazing effects from good subjects: they can make them forget their names, believe they are someone else, make them see people who are not there, make them forget letters or numbers, and so on. This happens because the subject actively follows the hypnotist's suggestions, because he trusts the hypnotist and he believes it is safe. If the trust is broken or the subject believes it is not safe, the subject may emerge from trance.

Hypnosis is not truly a power resting in the hypnotist. Instead, the power rests in the mind of the subject. The hypnotist simply knows how to guide the subject through trance.

Krusty Krab

The Krusty Krab is a fictional fast food restaurant in the television series, ""SpongeBob SquarePants"". It is in the city of Bikini Bottom. The restaurant is run by a crabnamed Eugene H. Krabs. The other two workers at the restaurant are SpongeBob SquarePants (fry cook), and Squidward Tentacles (cashier). The fast food sold is the popular Krabby Pattys (which is similar to hamburgers but made of krill), and others such as French fries, and drinks.

M6 motorway

The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom. It is also one of the busiest motorways in the country. It is often referred to as "The Backbone of Britain".
The M6 is part of the unsigned E-road E24 from the M1 to the M6 Toll near Birmingham. The E5 joins the M6 Toll from the M42 and then uses the M6 to its north end at Carlisle. Then it continues to become the M74. The motorway is 230 miles (370km) long. This is 37 miles longer than the M1 motorway.

The first section of the motorway was the Preston by-pass, opened on 5 December 1958. It was built by a company called Tarmac Construction. It was the first motorway in the United Kingdom. It was opened by Prime Minister Harold Macmillan. The motorway was later extended in both directions.

Junction 6 in Birmingham has the name Spaghetti Junction. This is because it looks very complex from the sky.

On the high ground between Shap and Tebay, the north and south-bound carriages split apart. Strangely, at this point a local road runs between the two carriageways without a link to the motorway.

The section of the M6 which runs over Shap Fell in Cumbria is 1050 ft (320 m) above sea level. This is one of the highest points on any motorway in the UK. The West Coast Main Line railway follows the same course. It runs alongside the M6 for much of its length.

The motorway starts at the M1 in Rugby. It passes through Birmingham and Spaghetti Junction. The motorway continues to the north, passing Liverpool and Manchester. It goes around Preston and up to Lancaster. It then follows through a valley past the Lake District and Penrith. It finishes at Carlisle.

At the end of the M6 motorway at Carlisle, there is a 6-mile stretch of the A74 which links England to Scotland. This is called the "Cumberland Gap". This was caused by an argument between the British Parliament and the Scottish Parliament, which left neither the M6 or the A74(M) being built. After a lot of controversy, building started on the remaining six miles. When it is completed, there will be a complete motorway going from London to Glasgow.

The M6 Toll is a toll road which was opened in 2003. It starts at Junction 11A and runs around Birmingham to Junction 3A. It is the first toll road to be built in the United Kingdom. It was opened on 9 December 2003. It is reported to save 45 minutes from the average journey.



Sloth bear

The sloth bear ("Melursus ursinus") is a bear that lives in India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.

Sloth bears have long and shaggy black fur, but its fur can also be brown. On its chest it has a white or yellow mark, which is shaped like an Y or V. They have big feet with long claws. The long claws are also the reason for its English name, because the claws look like the claws of a sloth.

Sloth bears are omnivores and eats mostly termites and ants. But they also eat fruit, honey, eggs, carrion, grasses and occasionally rodents. Sloth bears use their claws to dig up ants from the dirt. They also use their claws to fight predators such as tigers, leopards and jackals. Bengal tigers prey on sloth bears of all ages. Indian leopards, dholes and Indian wolves may also be a threat.

Female sloth bears usually have 1-2 babies, sometimes 3. Young sloth bears stay with their mother for 2–3 years. In captivity they can live to be 40 years old.

Sloth bear adults can weigh anywhere from 60 to 70 kilograms (120-130 pounds) and measure anywhere from 152 to 178 centimeters (60-70 inches) in length.


Inclined plane

An inclined plane is a simple machine. It allows one to use less force to move an object.

Examples of inclined planes are ramps, sloping roads and hills, plows, chisels, hatchets, carpenter's planes, and wedges. The typical example of an inclined plane is a sloped surface; for example a roadway to bridge at a different height.

Another simple machine based on the inclined plane is the blade, in which two inclined planes placed back to back allow the two parts of the cut object to move apart using less force than would be needed to pull them apart in opposite directions.

To calculate the forces on an object placed on an inclined plane, consider the three forces acting on it.


We can break the force from gravity into two vectors, one perpendicular to the plane and one parallel to the plane. Since there is no movement perpendicular to the plane, the component of the gravitational force in this direction ("mg" cos "θ") must be equal and opposite to normal force exerted by the plane, "N". Therefore, formula_1.

If the component of the force from gravity parallel to the surface ("mg" sin "θ") is greater than the static frictional force "f" – then the body will slide down the inclined plane with acceleration where "f" is the force of friction – otherwise it will remain stationary.

When the angle of the slope ("θ") is zero, sin "θ" is also zero, so the body will not move.

Jamestown, New York

Jamestown is a city in southwestern New York State, United States.

Lego

Lego, stylized as LEGO is a type of building toy created and made by The Lego Group, a company from Denmark. LEGO bricks are colorful plastic building blocks that can be joined together easily to make a tower, house, and more. LEGO bricks are joined together by studs on the top, and holes in the bottom of the brick commonly known as the brick-and-knob connection. LEGO is the most popular building toy in the world.

The LEGO Group was started by Ole Kirk Christiansen, a Danish toy maker, in 1935. Christiansen made wooden toys for children. He made and sold his first plastic LEGO sets in the 1940s. Since then, LEGO has become very popular and are known and loved by people around the world kids and adults alike.

The company is based in Billund and is owned by Kirkbi, the family company. In 2006 sales were about $1.3 billion. In 2022 they were $9.1 billion. Net profit was $1.9 billion. After the bankruptcy of Toys R Us in 2017, Lego expanded its network of 317 stores to about 1,000 in 2023.

LEGO bricks come in many shapes, sizes and colors. There are wheels, car screens, plants and mini-figures. LEGO bricks can be joined together in many ways. Vehicles, buildings and even robots can all be built with LEGO bricks.

All the bricks from LEGO sets can fit together. New bricks made today can fit with old bricks made years ago. The bricks can join together no matter which set they come from. LEGO has become so popular that people sometimes use the word "Lego" to talk about any sort of building blocks. There are millions of LEGO fans and many LEGO conventions around the world.

Many LEGO video games are being created for different video game systems. LEGO video games usually come from LEGO themes, such as LEGO Star Wars. LEGO Star Wars has six video games. Other LEGO video games include LEGO Indiana Jones, LEGO Harry Potter, Lego DC comics and Marvel.

A LEGO Cartoon Network show "" was aired from 2011 to 2012, and a second Cartoon Network LEGO show aired in 2013. In 2014 "The LEGO Movie" was released, starring Chris Pratt, Will Arnett, Elizabeth Banks, Morgan Freeman, Will Ferrell, and Liam Neeson. The movie was released on February 7, 2014. Since then, three other LEGO movies have been made, like The LEGO Batman Movie, The LEGO Ninjago Movie, and .

A show called Lego Masters is shown on the Nine network and stars radio celebrity Hamish Blake.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ


Giant panda

The giant panda, "Ailuropoda melanoleuca", is a bear. It lives in south central China.

Although it belongs to the order Carnivora, the panda's diet is 99% bamboo. Pandas in the wild occasionally eat other grasses, wild tubers, or even meat in the form of birds, rodents or carrion. In captivity, they may get honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, or bananas along with specially prepared food.

The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan province, but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces.
As a result of farming, deforestation and other development, the panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.

Giant pandas are bears. They have black and white fur all around them. The black fur is on their ears, around their eyes, on their legs, and on their shoulders.

Giant pandas are approximately the size of an American black bear, standing at about 3 feet (91 cm) tall at the shoulder when on all four legs. They measure around 7 feet (210 cm) in length. In the wild, males can weigh up to 251 pounds (114 kg), while females typically weigh less, generally staying below 220 pounds (100 kg).

Wild giant pandas have lived in the mountains of central China. They live in forests of tall trees. They eat the bamboo that grows under the trees. The weather is rainy and misty in the mountain forests. There are thick clouds almost all the time.

Bamboo is the main diet of pandas. Ninety-nine percent of the food they eat is bamboo. They eat as much as of bamboo every day. They spend 10 to 16 hours every day looking for food and eating it.

Bamboo is a grass. Sometimes giant pandas eat other grasses. They also eat little rodents or musk deer babies (fawns). In zoos, giant pandas eat bamboo, sugar cane, vegetables, and fruit.

Giant pandas get a lot of water from the bamboo they eat. They need more water though. They drink from the freshwater streams and rivers in the mountain. Melting snow high in the mountains runs into these streams and rivers.

There are two subspecies of giant pandas. They both live in China. The best known is the black and white panda. Its scientific name is "Ailuropoda melanoleuca melanoleuca".

The other giant panda has dark brown and light brown fur. Its skull is smaller than the other giant panda. It has larger molars. This panda lives only in the Qinling Mountains. Though often called the Qinling Panda, Its scientific name is "Ailuropoda melanoleuca qinlingensis".

Giant pandas are ready to have babies (cubs) when they are between the ages of four and eight years. They may be able to have babies until about age 20. Female pandas are ready to have a baby only once a year. This is in the springtime. There are only two or three days during which a baby panda can form in the mother's belly. Calls and scents bring the males and female pandas to each other.

Female pandas may give birth to two young. Usually only one lives. Giant panda cubs may stay with their mothers for up to three years. Then they leave her for a life of their own.

Today, the giant panda is a symbol for China. It is protected by the Chinese government. Killing a giant panda is a crime. The giant panda may become extinct. It will die out if the forests of bamboo continue to disappear.

People outside of eastern Asia did not know about the giant panda until 1869. The first "Westerner" to see a live panda was a German zoologist in 1916. In 1936, Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring a live giant panda out of China. It was a cub (baby panda) named Su-Lin. The cub was taken to live at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago.

In the 1970s, China began showing giant pandas in zoos in the United States and Japan as a type of diplomacy. This happened until 1984, when China changed how this was done. Starting in 1984, China would allow zoos to keep the giant pandas for 10 years, but the zoo would have to pay China up to $1,000,000 each year. Also, the zoo would have to agree that any cubs born would belong to China.

13 cities outside China currently have zoos with giant pandas.

In addition, the National Zoo in the San Diego Zoo in Washington, D.C., United States, the San Diego, California, United States, the Memphis Zoo in Memphis, Tennessee, United States and the Zoo Atlanta in Atlanta, Georgia, United States once hosted giant pandas, but their pandas have since been returned to China.


The Adelaide Zoo in Adelaide, Australia received two giant pandas in 2009.

The giant panda is an endangered species. It may become extinct. In 2013, it was estimated that there were less than 2,500 mature giant pandas living in the wild. Illegal hunting is no longer a problem. Hunting for pandas is a crime. The penalties are harsh if you hunt pandas.

The greatest threat to survival is the loss of living areas. People are ruining the areas where pandas live. They are cutting down trees. They are building farms. Groups of pandas are forced to live in small areas. They are isolated. They cannot mix other panda groups.

Giant pandas eat bamboo. Sometimes the bamboo dies off. At one time, pandas could move to an area where bamboo was still growing. Moving has become more and more difficult. People are living and working in panda areas. Pandas cannot move about as freely as they once did.

China set up the first giant panda nature reserve in 1963. Other nature reserves were also set up. There were 40 giant panda reserves in 2006.



Game Boy Color

The Game Boy Color (often said as GBC) is a video game console manufactured by Nintendo. It was first introduced in Japan in October 1998 and released in North America, Europe and Australia in November 1998. It is the successor to the original Game Boy, but it precedes the Game Boy Advance (which is backwards compatible with "GB" and "GBC" games). The biggest innovation of the Game Boy Color was its colorful graphics. The Game Boy Color is almost as powerful as the Nintendo Entertainment System. Except for the Pokémon Mini, it was the last 8-bit console made by a mainstream company. The last game released for Game Boy Color was "Harry Potter And The Chamber of Secrets" in 2002.

The GBC has a color screen rather than a monochrome, but it is not backlit. It is clearly thicker and bigger and has a slightly smaller screen than the Game Boy Pocket, its last model in the Game Boy line. As with the original Game Boy, it has an 8-bit processor made by Sharp Corporation that is a hybrid between the Intel 8080 and the Zilog Z80. The spelling of the system's name, Game Boy Color, remains used throughout the world, with its American English spelling of "color".

The Game Boy Color is part of the fifth generation of video game consoles. The GBC's competitors in Japan were the grayscale 16-bit handhelds, Neo Geo Pocket and the WonderSwan, though the Game Boy Color outsold them by a wide margin. SNK and Bandai countered with the Neo Geo Pocket Color and the Wonderswan Color, this did little to change Nintendo's sales. With Sega discontinuing the Game Gear in 1997, the Game Boy Color's only competitor in the United States was its last one, the Game Boy, until the short-lived Neo Geo Pocket Color was made in August 1999. The Game Boy and the Game Boy Color together have sold 118.69 million units worldwide, making it the third-best-selling system of all time.

It was discontinued on March 23, 2003, shortly after the Game Boy Advance SP was made. Its best-selling game was "Pokémon Gold and Silver", which sold 23 million units worldwide.

Hula

Hula is a type of dancing from Hawaii.

Hula is a word in the Hawaiian language. Male dancers and female dancers can both dance hula. A long time ago, hula dance was used only in special ceremonies. Now, hula dance is mainly for entertainment. 

A hula dancer usually wears a grass skirt or a leaf skirt, a flower necklace (called "lei" in Hawaiian), and sometimes a flower in the hair.

Traditionally, the hula dancer dances to a chant (a poem that is sung to a rhythm). The chanter beats his or her hand on a gourd (dried, empty squash) to create the rhythm.

There are many kinds of hula dance. For example, the Hawaiian hula dance style is slow and the Tahitian hula dance style is fast.

Herakles

Herakles (Ancient Greek: Ἡρακλῆς, "Hēraklēs" - “one glorified of Hera”) is a divine hero in Greek mythology. The greatest of the Greek heroes, Herakles was a demigod, son of Zeus and the mortal Alkmene as well as the twin brother of Iphicles. 

As a god, Herakles served as a paragon of masculinity, and was a patron of heroic endeavor. In Ancient Rome and the modern West, he is known as Hercules, with whom the later Roman emperors, in particular Commodus and Maximian, often identified themselves. The figure is most well known for his famous Twelve Labors, a series of seemingly impossible tasks he was made to complete in order to atone for the crime of murdering his family. As a culture hero, he was said to have started the Ancient Olympic Games and marked out the length of the Olympic stadium. He was the subject of much ancient and modern art, and remains a popular figure in modern times, being the subject of various films and television series, such as Walt Disney's "Hercules".

A major factor in the tragedy surrounding Herakles was the hatred that the goddess Hera, wife of Zeus, had for him, as he was one of the god’s illegitimate children, born to him by the mortal woman Alkmene. Zeus, lusting after her, took the guise of Alkmene’s husband Amphityron (he had been away fighting a war at the time) and lay with her. The real Amphitryon returned to Thebes later that night, and Alkmene became pregnant with his son, Iphicles. On the night Herakles and his twin Iphicles were slated to be born, Hera made Zeus swear an oath that the next descendant of Perseus to be born would become High King (ruler of Tiryns and Mycenae). Once the oath was made, Hera hurried to Alkmene’s house in Thebes, where Eileithyia, goddess of childbirth, had come to help deliver the twins; Hera arranged for Eileithyia to keep her legs and arms crossed, causing Herakles and his twin to be trapped in the womb. Hera then caused Eurystheus (son of Sthenelus and Herakles’ cousin) to be born prematurely, making him the one to become the High King instead. Alkmene wouldve remained in labor, had it not been for her maidservant Galanthis, who came out of Alkmene's room to announce (falsely) that Alkmene had just given birth. Eileithyia jumped up in surprise, allowing Herakles and his twin to be born. Hera angrily turned Galanthis into a weasel. (Herakles was given the name Alkeides, meaning "of the line of Alcaeus", father of Amphitryon).

Shortly after Herakles was born, Alkmene, fearing Hera might take vengeance on her, took her infant child to a desolate plain outside of Thebes and abandoned him. The goddess Athena saw Herakles and swooped down to Earth, taking him up to Olympus. She took the baby to Hera, who, not knowing it was Herakles, took pity on the child and began to nurse him at her breast. Herakles suckled so hard that it hurt Hera, who pushed him away; the goddess' divine milk then spilled across the night sky, forming the Milky Way. This bestowed upon Herakles the godlike strength for which he is famous for. When Herakles was only eight months old, Hera placed two enormous serpents in the crib where Herakles and Iphikles slept. As Iphicles cried out in fear, Herakles took a serpent in each hand and strangled them to death.

Herakles became a strong teenager. He learned to use weapons and to drive a chariot. One day he killed his music teacher Linus because the man had tried to whip him. Herakles was charged with murder, but said he had acted in self defense. He was freed. People feared him though, so he was sent far out of town to work on a farm. Herakles became stronger with the hard work. He was seven feet tall. He was eighteen when he left the farm.

Herakles was eighteen when he hunted the large and powerful Lion of Kithaeron. This lion was killing cows in a land near Thebes. The hunt lasted fifty days and ended when Herakles smashed the lion's skull with a club of olive wood. This club is seen in pictures of Herakles. He dressed in the lion's skin.

Herakles slept in King Thespius' palace while the hunt progressed. He had sex with the King's fifty daughters and became the father of fifty-two sons. One of the girls did not have sex with him. She became a priestess in his shrine.

Herakles was going back to Thebes when he met the heralds of King Erginus. They were on their way to Thebes to collect tribute. They treated Herakles with contempt. Herakles cut off their ears, noses, and hands. Erginus made war on Thebes, but was defeated and killed by Herakles. For saving Thebes, King Kreon gave his daughter Megara in marriage to Herakles.

Hera could not rest easily because Herakles was becoming more and more famous. He was loved by everyone. Her anger and hatred made her look foolish. She tricked Herakles into thinking his sons were his enemies and, insane with anger, he murdered them.

When he came to his senses, he was overcome with grief. He ran from other people and lived for a time in exile. He looked for advice from the Oracle of Delphi. The priestess sent him to serve King Eurystheus, King of Tyrins in Mycenae. In this way, she said, he would be washed clean of his crimes.

Eurystheus was a dull and bad man. Herakles hated him. Eurystheus set some tasks for Herakles to do. These tasks came to be called "The Labors of Herakles". It was said that Hera designed them. She hoped the tasks would kill him. Zeus would grant Herakles immortality with the successful completion of the Labors.

Herakles was married to a beautiful woman named Deianeira. They lived in Trachis and had a son named Hyllus. In a war with a neighboring city, Herakles made the king's daughter Iole his captive. Herakles had met her sometime in the past and had fallen in love with her. Deianeira was jealous, and used a mix of blood and semen from the centaur Nessus to get her husband back. She put the mix on a shirt and sent it to Herakles. He put the shirt on. Unknown to Deianeira, the mix was really a poison and burned Herakles' skin and flesh. Deianeira learned of this and killed herself. Herakles died in great pain. Before he died, he ordered Hyllus to marry Iole. Herakles' body was set on fire at the funeral ceremonies. His ghost fell to the underworld while his immortal part rose to Mount Olympus. The gods welcomed him, even Hera. He married Hebe, his fourth wife, and became the father of two sons. According to Homer's "Odyssey", Herakles became the porter (keeper of the gates) on Mount Olympus.


Steam engine

A steam engine is an engine that uses steam from boiling water to make it move. The steam pushes on the engine parts to make them move. Steam engines can power many kinds of machines including vehicles and electric generators. 

Steam engines were used in mine pumps starting in the early 1700s century and were much improved by James Watt in the 1770s. They were very important during the industrial revolution where they replaced horses, windmills and watermills to work machines.

The first steam engines were piston engines. The steam pressure pushed on a piston which made it move along a cylinder and so they had a "reciprocal" (back-and-forth) motion. This could move a pump directly or work a crank to turn a wheel and work a machine. They operated at low pressure and had to be very big to make a lot of power.

Steam engines were used in factories to work machines and in mines to move pumps. Later smaller engines were built that could move railway locomotives and steam boats.
The steam to power a steam engine is made in a boiler that heats water to make steam. In most places fire heats the boiler. Fuel for the fire may be wood, coal, or petroleum. Nuclear energy or solar energy may be used instead of fire. The steam coming out of the boiler applies the force on a piston. A valve sends the steam to one end of the piston, then the other, to make it move backwards and forwards. The moving piston pushes and pulls the piston rod, crosshead and connecting rod, to turn wheels or drive other machinery. The heavy spinning flywheel smooths out the power from the piston. The governor controls the speed of the engine.

Today many steam engines are still at work. During the 20th century the pistons were replaced by turbines which spin like a windmill pushed by jets of steam. These turn faster with more energy efficiency than the original kinds of piston steam engines. They are used in power plants to operate generators which make electricity. Some ships are also powered by steam turbines. The boilers of steam turbines can be heated by many different types of fuel, even a nuclear reactor in some power stations and warships.


Computer programming

Computer programming is the process of telling a computer to do certain things by giving it instructions. These instructions are called programs. A person who writes instructions is a computer programmer. The instructions come in different programming languages, like C++ or Java. Sometimes, programmers use special software, such as integrated development environments (IDEs), which have many special parts, including a text editor, to help them to type and edit programs.

Computers can understand instructions if those instructions are written in machine code, meaning long patterns of ones and zeroes. Writing a whole program in machine code would take a long time, so instructions are written in special programming languages that are easier for people to understand. The computer converts that into "computer form" instructions (in other words, machine code) so the computer can follow them. The instructions can also be written in an assembly language, which is almost the same as machine code but a little easier to understand.

Converting a program from its original programming language to machine code is called "compiling" the program. Not all languages need to be compiled. Some languages, called interpreted languages, use interpreters instead. An interpreter is a program specially written to read a programming language and execute its instructions right away. For example, Python and JavaScript use interpreters.

A variable is what programmers call a little piece of data, like a number or someone's username. Programming languages usually have a few different built-in types of variables.

Conditionals are parts of the program that work if something the program can check to see whether it is true. If that part is not true, then the program won't make it happen. A conditional is often done with an "If Statement". 

Here is an example of an if statement in the Perl programming language. What it does is it checks to see if the name variable is Bill. If the name variable is Bill, then it will print out the words "Hi Bill!".
$name = "Bill";

if ($name eq "Bill") {

Sometimes, a programmer might want to have the "if statement" do something else if the first part of it is not true. This is known as an else block. Here is an example of an else block in the Perl programming language.
$name = "Ted";

if ($name eq "Bill") {
else {

And sometimes, the programmer might want to have multiple things for the if statement to do. For example, they may have the if block run if something is true, but will have parts of the if statement known as else if blocks that will run if the first part doesn't work, but if it works somewhere else. In the Perl programming language, else if is spelled like this, "elsif." Other languages might have it spelled like "else if" however. But for Perl, it is spelled like "elsif." Else If blocks will only run if their condition is true, just like the first if block. An if statement can have as many else if statements as the programmer needs. If the if block, and none of the else if blocks are true, then the plain "else" statement will be used by the program.
$name = "Ted";

if ($name eq "Bill") {
elsif ($name eq "Ted") {
elsif ($name eq "Alex"){
else {

In the program, a comment is information that is meant to be read by people who are reading the program. Comments have a special symbol in front of them that tells the computer that they are comments and should not be read as code. 

Comments are used to explain how a certain part of a program works. This is helpful when multiple people are working on the same program, and if they need to work on a section where someone else was working on. If the programmer that was working on it first left behind comments for any other programmer that works on it later, it will help them know faster what is going on in the program.

Here is an example of programming comments in the C programming language. In C, the two slash symbols "//" known as a forward slashes, are used. With the comments, a person can read the code and know what is going on.

// This is a comment, ignored by the computer
int main(void) { // Here the starting point of the program is defined

Sometimes, a programmer may need to remove something from the code, but for many different reasons, they may not want to just simply delete it. An easy solution is to use the comment symbol. The computer will think that the code is just comments, rather than actual code, but the programmer will still be able to see it and read it.

Here is an example of that in the Perl programming language. In Perl, the "#" symbol is used for comments, instead of forward slashes "//" like in the C (programming language).
$name = "Sam"; #we set the name variable to be Sam
$age = 14; #We set the age to be 14
Computer programmers make mistakes when writing codes. The mistakes are called bugs and cause the program to follow the wrong instructions. Debugging is the process of finding and fixing the mistakes. To debug code is to find such mistakes. 

There are many debugging methods. Software such as text editors and IDEs have tools that can detect specific mistakes in the codes before the program is executed. Programmers can also use programs called debuggers. A debugger can run a program step by step and track how values of specific variables change when the program is running. Programmers can use a debugger to find where the mistake happened in the code.

BASIC

BASIC is one of the first programming languages ever to be created. It was first used as a programming language on minicomputers in the late 1960s. Later, most home computers shipped with BASIC in ROM. The name is an acronym (a word made from other words) that spells Beginner's All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code. 

It was designed by John Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz in 1963. It was based in part on Fortran and made to follow these eight principles:


The creators made the compiler free of charge to make programmers interested in using the language. Since the creation, many other compilers and interpreters have been made so users can make their programs.

10 LET N=10
20 FOR I=1 TO N
30 PRINT "Hello, World!"
40 NEXT I
This puts Hello, World! on the screen 10 times.

Mayon Volcano

The Mayon Volcano, also known as Mount Mayon, is an active volcano in the province of Albay, on Luzon island in the Philippines. It is a part of the Pacific Ring of Fire. It is one the most active and dangerous volcanoes in the Philippines. Mount Mayon is high, and it is famous for its "perfect cone" shape, which attracts tourists. In 1938 the mountain was declared a national park. It was reclassified and renamed as "Mayon Volcano Natural Park" in the year 2000. The name Mayon is from the Bicol word "magayon" meaning beauty.

Grease

Grease refers to a number of things:


Visual Basic .NET

Visual Basic .NET is the second series of Microsoft's Visual Basic series. It is sometimes shortened to VB.NET. It is an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) and it includes an easy 'drag-and-drop' interface. It can make complete programs for Windows very easily.

It was first released in 1992 by Microsoft. Visual Basic is a simple way to make programs for Windows. It started as "Project Ruby" by Alan Cooper and then was sold to Microsoft. The system is built loosely on the original BASIC programming language released in 1963 and it can 'Test' programs in real-time, error checking them in a user-friendly way.

This package is the 'backbone' of Visual Basic .NET. When applications are created, the Windows Installer includes the framework with it. It includes all the items needed to run the VB.NET applications that have been made.

Visual Basic was first released in May 1991 for Windows. Many versions have been released since then. These are listed below:

This is a free version of Visual Basic 2010 released officially from Microsoft. It is aimed at encouraging more newbie programmers to try the series. The program can be downloaded from Microsoft's Website.

Visual Basic .NET uses many controls which can be added to the forms or windows in the application. Other developers can create controls for applications, not just the ones that Microsoft include.

The following example makes a program window pop up that says "Hello World" and has a button that says "OK" used to close the window:
Public Sub button1_Click(ByVal sender As System.Object, ByVal e As System.EventArgs) Handles button1.Click
End Sub

Temperature record of the past 1000 years

People measure modern temperature records using instruments. Records only cover the last 150 years or so. The temperature record of the past 1,000 years or more is found by using data from what are called "climate proxy" records. 

Proxies can be anything which relates to climate. Short term autobiographies often talk about the weather in past eras, and we do have some autobiographies from 2000 years ago. There are also tree rings and other methods which go back about 20,000 years. Further back still, there is evidence from geology, the record of the rocks. However, this page is just about the last 1000 years.

We are fairly sure there was a warm period about 1,000 years ago, and a cold period about the 17th century. Even in the 19th century people skated on the Thames in wintertime.

Although people today talk about climate change as if it were entirely man-made, this is not the complete picture. It is quite certain that climate has always been changing on Earth. Man-made changes are on top of changes which occur naturally. The Milankovich cycle is an important factor in these changes, and there are also changes in the heat put out by the Sun.


Camping

Camping is a leisure activity, usually during summer when school children are on holiday, where people leave their homes and spend one or more nights outdoors. They may be tourists seeking nature, adventure, or a different environment. They may sleep in a campervan or trailer, a tent, or in the open air in good weather. Winter camping is less common but in some parts of the world, tents are people's homes year around. Rich people began camping for fun in the early 20th century. When more people could afford it, many more did it.

When camping, people usually prepare food to eat that is easy to make. If they were hunting or fishing, they may cook the animal or fish they caught over a campfire. 

Dangers can arise, such as wild animals or illness from drinking unclean water. 

New Guinea

New Guinea is a big island north of Australia. It is the second largest island in the world. Geologically and biologically it is related to Australia. It was first surveyed by Alfred Russel Wallace
in the 19th century, who noted that it was, like Australia, on the eastern side of the Wallace line. That means it is closer to Australia than to Indonesia in its flora and fauna.

On the east side of New Guinea is the country Papua New Guinea. On the west side of the island are the Indonesian provinces of Papua, Central Papua, Highland Papua, South Papua, Southwest Papua, and West Papua. These provinces together are called Western New Guinea. The Indonesian "capture" of western Papua New Guinea was a modern act by President Suharto of Indonesia. The Australian "capture" of the eastern half was meant to make sure the peoples of this part of Indonesia were left alone.

An early BBC David Attenborough program showed that the country was wooded with many groups of humans speaking many languages. The most notable animals still alive were the birds of paradise. Of marsupials, the quolls are notable. They are small, solitary carnivores. There are six species surviving, two in New Guinea and four in Australia. Echidnas are mammals also known as spiny anteaters.

The number of people on New Guinea is unknown. Indonesia and Papua New Guinea estimated the number around 2020. They say there are about 15 million people. However, the real number could be 23 million or more.

New Guinea is important for its nature and biology. Its largest marsupial, the Diprotodon, is now extinct. Native humans live in sparsely wooded, hilly ground in small groups which speak different languages. New Guinea has over 1000 languages. This is more languages than anywhere else in the world.

Still surviving are the birds pf paradise, with marsupials, including wallabies and possums, and the egg-laying monotreme, the echidna. Other than bats and some two dozen indigenous rodents, there are no pre-human indigenous placental mammals. Pigs, several additional species of rats, and the ancestor of the New Guinea singing dog were introduced with human colonization.

Honda

Some of the automobiles that Honda makes include the:

Some of the cars Honda has made in the past are:

Honda also makes ATVs. Honda is also known for participating in a very wide range of motorsport events, including Formula One , MotoGP, LeMans, IRL and others.

Honda also makes small engines for chainsaws, lawnmowers and leaf blowers.

Honda does a lot of research on humanlike robots. Honda built Asimo, a robot that can walk, talk, dance, carry things and answer questions. These are not yet for sale in the United States.

Honda also creates a jet, known as the HondaJet. It is not often seen in the United States.



Camelid

Camelids are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals. They form the family Camelidae. There are six living species of camelids.


The animals of the genus "Camelus" are also called "Afro-Asiatic Camelids". The animals of the genus "Lama" and genus "Vicugna" are also called "South American Camelids". 

There also exists a camelid hybrid called a "Cama". It is the child of a female Llama and a male Dromedary Camel. The Cama does not exist in nature, but is "made" by humans through artificial insemination (that means the sperm is artificially put into the female).

The two "Camelus" species originally lived in northern Africa, south-west and eastern Asia. The other four camelids lived in South America.

Camelids have been domesticated by humans for about 5000 years. They have been important for transport, but were also kept for wool, meat and milk. The llama and alpaca were very important for the South American cultures, like the Inca. The camels were used by people in north Africa and Asia, especially in deserts.

Wallis and Futuna

Wallis and Futuna, officially called the Territory of Wallis and Futuna Islands ( or "Territoire des îles Wallis et Futuna"), is a group of three volcanic tropical islands Wallis (Uvea), Futuna, and Alofi with fringing reefs. They are in the South Pacific Ocean between Fiji and Samoa. One of the islands in the group is named after Cornish explorer Samuel Wallis.

Western New Guinea

Western New Guinea is the western half of the island of New Guinea. It is now called Papua, a province of Indonesia. 

Maluku Islands

The Maluku Islands (also called the Moluccas, Moluccan Islands or simply Maluku) are an archipelago in Indonesia. They are part of the larger Malay Archipelago. They are on the Australian Plate, lying east of Sulawesi (Celebes), west of New Guinea, and north of Timor. The islands were also called the "Spice Islands" by the Chinese and Europeans. Other islands have also been called the Spice Islands.
Most of the islands are mountainous, some with active volcanos. The vegetation of the small and narrow islands, with their wet climate, is very luxuriant. It includes rainforests, sago, rice, and the famous spices; including nutmeg, cloves, and mace. Though originally Melanesian, the people of many island clans, especially in the Banda Islands, died in the 17th century. A second group of Malay people arrived in the early 20th century under the Dutch and this has continued in the Indonesian era.

Politically, the Maluku Islands formed a single province of Indonesia from 1950 until 1999. In 1999 the North Maluku ("Maluku Utara") and Halmahera Tengah (Central Halmahera) regency were split off as a separate province. The islands are now divided between two provinces, Maluku and North Maluku. Most of the people of these islands follow Islam. There is also a Christian minority because of Western European Christian Protestant missionaries in this region. Between 1999 and 2002 there was deadly fighting between the Muslim population and the Christians. Both groups had been peaceful before. The capital of North Maluku island is Ternate.

Delphi

Delphi can mean:

Domestication

Domestication is a change that happens in wild animals or plants, when they are kept by humans for a long time. The Latin term literally means "to make it suitable for home".

If humans take wild animals and plants and keep and breed them, over time the animals and plants may change. The animals and plants become dependent on the humans who keep them, and they change in ways that are better for human use. This change (domestication) happens by humans choosing which animals will breed the next generation. Biologists call this method artificial selection.

The first domestication of plants happened during the first use of agriculture. Humans first domesticated dogs. In the Neolithic revolution, people domesticated sheep and goats, and later cattle and pigs.

Domesticated plants are crops or ornamental plants. People use domesticated animals as livestock, that is for food, clothing, and work. Otherwise, the domesticated animals may be kept as pets.

The first evidence of plant domestication comes from wheat found in pre-Pottery Neolithic villages in Southwest Asia. They are dated at 10,500 to 10,100 BC. The Fertile Crescent, Egypt, and India were sites of the earliest planned sowing and harvesting of plants.

Agriculture developed independently in a number of places at different times. The eight Neolithic founder crops (emmer wheat, einkorn wheat, barley, peas, lentils, bitter vetch, chickpeas and flax) had all appeared by about 7000 BC.

The origin of the domestic dog ("Canis lupus familiaris") began with the domestication of the grey wolf ("Canis lupus") several tens of thousands of years ago. Domesticated dogs provided early humans with a guard animal, a source of food, fur, and a working animal (hunting, pulling sleds). The process continues to this day.

Archaeology has placed the earliest known domestication at possibly 30,000 BC, and with certainty at 7,000 BC. Other evidence suggests that dogs were first domesticated in East Asia.

Perhaps the earliest clear cultural evidence for this domestication is the first dog found buried together with humans, 12,000 years ago in Palestine.

Cats were also domesticated quite early. At the beginning of agriculture, people started to domesticate sheep and goats, and later pigs and cattle. Other animals that were domesticated early are camels, donkeys and horses. Some animals, like the domestic rabbit, were only domesticated in recent times.

Many other animals which have been artificially selected by humans over a long period, not simply living with humans. "The list is not intended to be complete."

Self-domestication refers to an evolutionary process in which aggressive behavior is selected against, which makes a species less aggressive and more friendly and social. Bonobos, who share a common ancestor with chimpanzees, show far less aggression than chimpanzees. It is thought that bonobos have become 'self domesticated' due to female bonobos only reproducing with the more gentle males. This process may also apply to humans, who are very social compared to other species.


Night of the Living Dead

Night of the Living Dead is a 1968 American horror movie. It was directed by George A. Romero. The movie stars Duane Jones, Judith O'Dea and Karl Hardman. It premiered on October 1, 1968. It was completed on a US$114,000 budget. The movie was a financial success, grossing $12 million domestically and $18 million worldwide.

"Night of the Living Dead" was heavily criticized because of it explicit content. It eventually got critical acclaim. It was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Film Registry as a movie deemed "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant. The movie is in the public domain due to an error by the distributor.

The story follows characters Ben (Duane Jones), Barbra (Judith O'Dea) and five others trapped in a farmhouse in Pennsylvania which is attacked by "living dead" monsters. These monsters became known in popular culture as zombies. "Night of the Living Dead" was the basis of five "Living Dead" movies (1978–2010). They were also directed by Romero. Many remakes have also been made.
On a summer night, seven people get trapped in a farmhouse in rural Pennsylvania, which is under assault by reanimated corpses.
The farmhouse later gets under assault by even more reanimated corpses, throughout the night. The film eventually ends with the reanimated corpses breaking in into the farmhouse and the unfortunate deaths of all of the people who are trapped inside the farmhouse.

Russian Civil War

The Russian Civil War was a civil war that was fought from 7 November 1917 to 16 June 1922 among several groups in Russia. The main fighting was between the Red Army and the White Army. The Red Army was a communist, Bolshevik group. The White Army was anti-communist and included many former Tsarist loyalists. Other forces fought both groups or sometimes helped one of them against the other. Foreign countries such as Japan, the United Kingdom, France, and the United States sent troops to help the divided White Army. The Red Army won the war because it was better organized, more united, and held the best territory. After the war, the communists established the Soviet Union in 1922.

Tsar Nicholas II, the traditional autocratic ruler of the Russian Empire, had just lost his throne in the February Revolution of 1917. Many regions of the Russian Empire were not stable, and many groups had organized themselves to fight.

The workers and the farmers who supported the communists organized themselves into the Red Army. Those opposing the communists organized themselves into the White Army.

In Ukraine, some groups fighting for a free Ukraine organized themselves as the Green Army. There were several other groups. The Green Army and the smaller groups fought one another, and they sometimes fought the Red Army and the White Army. Other nationalist armies fought for independence from any kind of Russian control. Finland, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia succeeded in getting their independence.

At the same time, some foreign countries were worried about the communists, who were ruling Russia and feared that communism would come to their countries if the Russian communists were successful and so they helped fight against the Red Army. The main allies of World War I started the Siberian Intervention and otherwise helped the White Army. Their former enemies, the former Central Powers, also fought to get back land that they had lost during World War I. Slowly, the war became very large, and it continued for a few more years.

The Red Army and the White Army fought this war on three main fronts. Those regions were located in the east, the south, and the northwest of what became the Soviet Union. The outbreak of the Russian Civil War and its large scale surprised Vladimir Lenin. There were also three main periods of the war.

Soon after the Russian Revolution of 1917, the first period of the Russian Civil War began. Most of the fighting was then small-scale, but it started in many places.

The second period of the Russian Civil War was very important and lasted from January to November 1919. At first, the White Army was winning on all three fronts and was helped by foreign countries. However, Leon Trotsky reorganized the Red Army and helped it fight back. The White Armies suffered heavy losses and lost most of their fighting power.

The third and final period of the war involved fighting in Crimea. Many soldiers of the White Army had gathered there and had made their position very secure and strong. The Red Army continued to fight against them. After the Polish-Soviet War ended with Polish independence, more soldiers of the Red Army could reinforce their comrades in Crimea. They defeated the White Army in November 1920. In October 1922, Vladivostok fell, the last important city held by the Whites. Fighting continued against nationalists in the Caucasus in the early 1920s.


During and after the Russian Civil War, Soviet Russia suffered great damage. In 1920 and 1921, there was little rain, which caused serious famine in 1921. About one million Russians left Russia and went to other countries permanently. Many of them were very educated and experts.

The economic loss was also very large. The value of Russia’s currency, the ruble, fell. In 1914, a US dollar could be bought for 2 rubles. In 1920, it cost 1,200 rubles. Estimates say that the war cost the Soviet Russia around 50 billion rubles, today worth US$35 billion.

The production of industrial goods fell greatly. For example, the Soviet Union produced only 5% of the cotton and only 2% of the iron ore of the production of 1913. Generally, production had fallen to 20% of that of 1913.

The Russian Civil War was very bad on agriculture as well. Farms produced only 37% of the normal production. The number of horses fell from 35 million (in 1916) to 24 million (in 1920). The number of cattle also decreased, from 58 million to 37 million.

During the war, the Soviet government somehow managed the country. In March 1921, four months after the defeat of the White Army in Crimea, the Lenin administration abandoned its policy of War Communism and instead formulated the New Economic Policy, which allowed denationalisation of agriculture and industry, but most financial institutions retained state ownership with a deregulation in such sectors. On 30 December 1922, the ]Soviet Union was formally created, and by 1928, production returned to pre-war levels. Lenin, however, did not live to see that day since he had died in 1924, when Joseph Stalin became the new leader.

People always remembered the results of the World War I and the Russian Civil War, which were very bad for the life and the society for the new Soviet Union.

Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends

Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends (also known as Foster’s Home, Foster’s or FHFIF) is an animated comedy fantasy children's cartoon that is shown on Cartoon Network in the U.S. and on YTV in Canada. It was created by Craig McCracken, who also made "The Powerpuff Girls". It premiered on August 13, 2004. The cartoon ended on May 3, 2009. On July 18, 2022, Craig McCracken, the original creator of this show, said that there will be a Foster's Home and Powerpuff Girls spinoff

In the show's world, imaginary friends are as real as humans. Once the creator decides he or she does not want the imaginary friend anymore, they are sent to live at "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends," an adoption home for the unwanted imaginary friends.

In the ninety-minute debut episode, an blue friend named Blooregard Q. Kazoo (also known as Bloo for short) is allowed to live in the house without being available for adoption, as long as his creator Mac visits him every day at 3 o'clock. The show from this point onwards is about their many silly adventures with their new friends, both imaginary and human.

The main characters are:


Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends began production in the earlier 2000s (around 2002 and 2003) and came out in 2004. The series was created by Craig McCracken, a person who also created The Powerpuff Girls. A test pilot began tested in 2002, and was never released on Cartoon Network or Boomerang. The show was filmed in California in the earlier episodes. Bloo's name was originally going to Blob, but then Craig McCracken declined it, and decided to name him Bloo.

Interpol

Interpol is the short form of International Criminal Police Organization. It began in 1923. Now, Interpol is the biggest international organization; the United Nations is the second biggest. Some important information about Interpol:


In 1923, Interpol begun its functioning from Austria. At that time, its name was "International Criminal Police Commission" (ICPM). During the Second World War, Nazi Germany controlled Austria. ICPM also came under Nazi control. They used it for collecting many types of information. After the Second World War, senior military men of Belgium, France, Scandinavia, and the United Kingdom made many changes in ICPM. Thereafter, ICPM started to work in its new form.

In October 2018, then-President of Interpol Meng Hongwei was arrested by Chinese authorities after being accused of taking bribes.

The Interpol General Secretariat is the main office of Interpol. The highest-ranking officer of Interpol is the president. Just below him, there is a secretary general. In 2001, about 384 persons from 54 countries worked in this secretariat. Earlier the working time was from 9 o’clock in the morning till 5 o’clock in the evening. Now, this secretariat works all 24 hours without any break. In 2001, Interpol could help in arresting or finding out about 1400 persons, generally criminals.

Interpol does not take any political side in its work. It takes cases where the crime or the matter relates to more than one country. It looks after many types of cases. Some of them are note below:


Over the years, Interpol has developed a method of its working. Each member country keeps a special office. The name of this office in every member country is National Central Bureau (NCB). If necessary, Interpol contacts this office for getting information or for any other action. In turn, the National Central Bureau gets in touch with Interpol (on behalf of the member country) to ask for any assistance.

Interpol also has collected a large amount of data about perpetrators and crimes. Such data includes information about illegal drug trade, lost and stolen passports and visas. Member countries may use the information. Officers of Interpol do not directly conduct any enquiry or investigation. This is always done through the policemen of the member country.



El Niño–Southern Oscillation

El Niño-Southern Oscillation (ENSO in short) is a term for a natural event that takes place in the Pacific Ocean. It is also called El Niño and La Niña. In Spanish they mean "The boy" and "The girl". 

El Niño happens when the sea water temperature rises in surface waters of the tropical Pacific Ocean. Every two to five years the Pacific Ocean has this event. A weak, warm current starts around Christmas along the coast of Ecuador and Peru. It lasts for only a few weeks to a month or more. Every three to seven years, an El Niño event may last for many months. This can change the weather and have important effects around the world. Australia and Southeast Asia can have drought but the deserts of Peru have very heavy rainfall. East Africa can have both. In a La Niña event the weather patterns are reversed.

The Southern Oscillation was discovered by Sir Gilbert Walker in 1923. It is a "seesaw" of atmospheric pressure between the Pacific and Indian Oceans. There is an inverse relationship between the air pressure measured at two sites: Darwin, Australia, in the Indian Ocean and the island of Tahiti in the South Pacific. The Southern Oscillation Index (SOI) is the difference in sea-level pressure measured at Tahiti and Darwin. The Cold Tongue (CT) Index measures how much the average sea-surface temperature in the central and eastern Pacific near the equator varies from the annual cycle. The two measurements are anti-correlated, so that a negative SOI is usually together with an unusual warm ocean wind known as El Niño.

By the early 1980s it was clear that El Niño and the Southern Oscillation were related, and the acronym ENSO is used to describe this large-scale event.

The 2010-2011 Queensland floods were caused by a La Niña event which brought very heavy rain to the east coast of Australia. Other big floods in Australia have also happened during a La Niña, 1916, 1917, 1950, 1954-1956, and 1973-1975. The cost of the 2010-2011 Queensland floods has been worked out to A$30 billion.

Not all El Niños happen in the Eastern Pacific. During recent decades, Central Pacific El Niños have been discovered. When these happen, the effects from CP El Niños are very different from traditional El Niños. Central Pacific El Niños took place in 1986–88, 1991–92, 1994–95, 2002–03, 2004–05, 2006–07, 2009–10 and 2015–16.

Pressure cooker

A pressure cooker is a type of pot with a very tight lid.

As the liquid in the cooker gets hot, pressure rises. Higher pressure results in a higher boiling point. Pressure cookers allow cooking at higher temperatures, which allows faster cooking.

1710

Year 1710 (MDCCX) was a year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar.




Pescozada

Pescozada is a hip-hop group from El Salvador. Their members are two men named Debil Estar and Fat Lui. They rap about gangs, politics, and the future of El Salvador. Their songs include "Primer Acto" and "I Could Fly". They rap in Spanish.

Rhyme

Rhyme means words that sound the same or similar in their endings. Poems and popular song lyrics often use rhyme. A simple poem can also be called a rhyme.

Many examples of rhyme are in folk songs, children's songs, and of course in nursery rhymes. Rhymes at the ends of the lines in a song or poem are normal:

The counting song

uses "internal rhymes," rhymes that fall within a single line instead of at the end of lines. In another children's poem,

"knack" and "whack" give another example of internal rhyme. Also, the rhymes at the ends of the lines, "bone" and "home", are not "exact rhymes." Exact rhymes are the same in everything but the first sound. Exact rhymes are the most common type of rhyme and can be formed easily with common sounds in English:


Other rhymes are not exact but only similar:

Here, the rhymes are not exact rhymes. Also, "gander" and "wander" are "sight rhymes," words that look like rhymes when printed but do not sound quite alike. Sight rhymes are more common in poetry meant to be read, than in songs or verse meant to be sung or spoken aloud and heard by listeners.

Rhymes can be made up of more than one word, as in the short poem "Rondeau" by James Henry Leigh Hunt:

Along with simple normal rhymes, "met" and "get", "sad" and "add", and one internal rhyme, "health" and "wealth", Hunt creates sets of clever two-word rhymes.

Some poets and writers use very unusual rhymes. Well-known examples are in the song lyrics to the 1939 MGM film version of L. Frank Baum's "The Wizard of Oz". The lyrics, written by E. Y. "Yip" Harburg, use many odd rhymes, plus internal rhymes, complex rhyme patterns, and other tricks of language. W. S. Gilbert, the lyricist for the Gilbert and Sullivan comic operas, wrote the same way. The books of Dr. Seuss are also famous for their many strange rhymes.

Poets who choose to avoid rhyme write in blank verse or free verse.



Lock

A lock keeps things closed. It keeps people from opening something, such as a door or a box. Keys open locks. Sometimes an electronic card or secret numbers will open a lock. The verb to lock means to set the lock so the door or object is closed. A person who works on locks is called a locksmith.

A key lock is a lock that uses a key (a piece of metal with teeth like a little saw) to open it. Someone must put the key in the lock and turn it to open the lock. This lock is used in doors and locks for boxes. Key locks can be defeated by picking them.

A combination lock is a lock that uses a dial (a knob with numbers all around it) to open it. Someone must turn the dial to the right numbers in the right order. This is called the "combination." This lock is used on safes and locks for bicycles.

An electronic lock is a special lock that can only be opened with a message from a computer. This message can be stored in a computer chip on a card (called a "key card" or "security card"). Or it can be made by a computer looking at someone's fingerprint or eye.

Time locks are used in banks. They prevent anyone opening the vault until a preset time. This defeats burglary attempts when the bank is closed.

Padlocks are probably the most common type of lock. They are opened either with a key or a combination. The best way to break them is to snap the hoop with a long-handled bolt cutter.

Pin tumbler locks, commonly called 'Yale locks', are very common for fastening doors. They were indeed invented by Linus Yale Jnr in the 1860s.

Deadbolts are locks which cannot be moved to the open position except by rotating the cylinder.

Spring latch lock. The common door latch which locks when you pull the door closed. It is much less secure than a deadbolt lock, but more convenient.

No lock is completely safe, though some are safer than others. Locks can be defeated by brute force or by lock picking. The most common brute force tool is the crowbar, commonly called (UK) a jimmy or jerry or (US) a wrecking bar.

Picking involve tools such as pin-tumbler lock picks, skeleton keys, bump keys, pick guns etc. Carrying these tools, especially after dark, is an arrestable offence in most countries except if the owner is a registered locksmith.


Knob

A knob is a round handle that can be turned or pulled. A doorknob is a round handle that is turned to open a door. A cabinet knob is a small handle that is pulled to open a cabinet door or drawer. A control knob can turn a lamp on and off or make the volume on a radio go up or down.

A "knob" can also be any small, round thing that sticks out.

The Sims 2

The Sims 2 is a 2004 video game and the sequel to "The Sims". It is a simulation game made by Maxis and EA Games.

The game features a full 3D graphics engine. Like the first "The Sims" game, it has many expansion packs.

EA released a sequel, "The Sims 3", in June 2009.

There are now six life stages: baby, toddler, child, teenager, adult, and elder. An additional young adult stage is added when you get the university expansion pack. Sims can now grow up and eventually die. In the first game, Sims would stay children forever and adults would stay adults forever. Teenagers can hold jobs as well as go to school.

Careers have gone under many changes. There is now a schedule; there are seven days in a week, and Sims at school are off on Saturday and Sunday. Sims can now get paid vacation days and start working 4–5 days a week. A meter measures job performance (their mood when they get to work). A new thing called "chance cards" lets the player pick what to do in a situation. Sims can gain/lose skill points, gain/lose money, or be promoted, demoted, or even fired.

Children and teenagers now bring homework home and their grades rise or fall depending on whether they finish it or not. Teenagers can hold jobs as well as go to school, but if their grades drop too low they can lose their job.

Other new things are wants and fears. These change when a want or fear is done or when the Sim wakes up from sleep.

Also, Sims can have aspirations (big things they want to do) like to have a family, to have many friends, to fall in love, to learn a lot, or to have a lot of money. A player can choose which aspiration they want their Sim to have, and the aspirations will affect their wants and fears. For example, a Sim with the family aspiration might want to have a child, but a Sim with the money aspiration might want to get a job instead.

Like in the first Sims game, a mother Sim and a father Sim can have a child. Also, children can be made at the start of the game or got from the adoption service.

One of the biggest changes in Sims 2 is that a Sim can go to a community lot (a place in the town like a store or a park). They can go there by using the phone to call a taxi.

These are addons to the game which add new items, new places and new features. They are listed in the order that they came out in the shops. They are meant to come out 2 times a year.

There are eight expansion packs in total.

These are packages that add only items to the game. They are less expensive than the regular expansion packs.

RollerCoaster Tycoon

RollerCoaster Tycoon (or RCT) is a series of computer games where the user can make their own theme park. Each game in the series allows players to construct their own theme parks in an objective-based level. Players can also build their own roller coasters.

The first game was made by three people: designer and programmer Chris Sawyer, artist Simon Foster and composer Alistar Brimble. It was published by Hasbro Interactive.

The game was very popular. It was released for the PC.

These are the games which have been released:

This is the original game, for the PC. It was released in 1999 There is a long list of scenarios (levels) which the user can complete. Users can also download famous theme parks from the internet. A large number of rides and shops are included with the game.

Also named 'Corkscrew Follies'. It was released in 1999 This game includes many more levels and some more rides and shops are added. The original game MUST be installed to be able to play this one.

This addon also includes the "Added Attractions Pack". It was released in 2000 for the PC. It includes three famous theme parks: Blackpool Pleasure Beach, Alton Towers and Heide Park. It adds many more levels and rides to the game.

The 2002 sequel to RCT was made because of the success of the first game. It had the same interface but it added a few new features:
The game also added support for buildings to be made using walls to make ride entrances. It included famous Six Flags theme parks and their rides.

There are two expansion packs released for RCT2. These are:


RCT3 is the first game in the series to use full 3D graphics. It was released in 2004. Players can ride their rides and rollercoasters for the first time. Night and day is a new feature. Firework displays can now be made to custom music.

RCT3 now has a sandbox mode. This is where the user can build a park with all items available and unlimited money. It is a good way to build parks in practise for the 'Career Mode'. There are many Scenarios packaged with the game. Each one can be completed on three difficulty levels. More are added with the expansion packs. This game adds the ability to make your own Peep groups to wander around your park.

This is the first expansion pack to be released for RCT3. It was released in 2005. The User can build water parks with different types of waterslides. He or she can also build swimming pools. A few water-themes attractions have been added as well as new shops. The number of scenarios available is doubled with this expansion pack. It also adds some new music to the game. This Expansion Pack came with the Hershey's Stormrunner and the Rollersoaker. Both based on coasters based on real coaster designs at Hershey Park somewhere in the U.S.A.

The Fireworks mode has been upgraded to a Laser and Water display feature as well. The user can now make longer shows to their music.

This expansion pack was released in 2005. The users can now add animals to their park. A new set of animal-themed rides have been added, like the 'Insect House' and 'Elephant Ride'. The game has new music and new scenery. Also some new shops have been added. There are a lot of scenarios added as well as some jungle themed music. This expansion pack came with the Extended Coaster which is basically a dream coaster. It has the most inversion parts and also the ability to make beyond vertical drops like on SAW the ride at Thorpe Park.

Eintracht Frankfurt

Eintracht Frankfurt is a German sports club from Frankfurt am Main, best known for the football section.

The club plays in the Bundesliga. They have won the German Championship once and German Cup (DFB-Pokal) 5 times (last time in 2018) and the UEFA Cup twice.

They were founded in 1899. The team colours are red, black and white. They play at Deutsche Bank Park (former Waldstadion). The current captain of the side is midfielder Sebastian Rode from Germany.
The coach of Eintracht Frankfurt is Dino Toppmöller.

Eintracht has also 18 other sections such as athletics, basketball and ice hockey.


Commonwealth of Nations

The Commonwealth of Nations (also known only as "Commonwealth") is a voluntary organisation of countries. Originally, it was called the British Commonwealth which was founded in 1926 when the British Empire began to break up. Now, there are 56 member countries of the Commonwealth. 

Only countries which were part of the British Empire are allowed to become members of the Commonwealth (although an exception was made for Rwanda, Mozambique and Gabon which were never colonised by Britain, when they were allowed to become members). Members are free to leave and rejoin the Commonwealth. However, joining or rejoining the Commonwealth can become difficult, when the candidate country has serious human rights violations.

The term the Commonwealth of Nations originated in 1884. Lord Rosebery was on a visit to Australia in 1884. At Adelaide he said that over a period of time a number of colonies of the British Empire will become free and many may become more independent. He further said that all of these countries would then become the Commonwealth of Nations. 

The Commonwealth of Nations is not a political organization. King Charles III is also head of state of 16 Commonwealth countries, referred to as Commonwealth realms. Canada and Australia are two of the largest realms. A Secretary General manages the day-to-day matters of the Commonwealth of Nations. Patricia Scotland is the Secretary General since 2015. However, the United Kingdom or the Secretary General does not have any direct or indirect control over these countries. In fact, almost all the 53 members are independent countries with their own governments and hold Commonwealth Games. These countries have come together to form an association with some common aims. Such common aims include:



Interpol (disambiguation)


Nuclear meltdown

A nuclear meltdown describes a malfunction of a nuclear reactor. The term "nuclear meltdown" is commonly used by the public and by news media, but nuclear engineers usually refer to it as a core melt accident. A nuclear meltdown occurs when the middle portion of the nuclear reactor containing the fuel rods (its "core") is not properly cooled. This can occur when the cooling system fails or is otherwise defective. If this happens, uranium or plutonium or similar materials inside the nuclear reactor become hot and may start melting or dissolving. It is this melting that is a nuclear meltdown. Due to decay heat, a nuclear meltdown can occur even in a reactor that is shut down. The uranium and plutonium liquified in a nuclear meltdown, mixed with fission products, melted zirconium from the fuel rod cladding, and other materials, is called corium. Corium is highly radioactive and remains hazardous for many centuries after a meltdown. The zirconium is a hazard because at high temperatures, it can react with the cooling water and make flammable hydrogen gas.

Around the world, some nuclear meltdowns have occurred. Some of them were mild, but few of them were very serious. Nuclear meltdowns can kill people from radiation poisoning.

The very last accident was the Fukushima nuclear disaster in March 2011. Four reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant had cooling problems after back-up diesel generators were destroyed by the tsunami.

In 1986, a nuclear meltdown occurred in a place named Chernobyl (Ukraine). In this case, all the people living in the towns and the villages (near the defective nuclear reactor) had to move to far away places. The Chernobyl meltdown created a mass of corium which has been nicknamed "the Elephant's Foot" and is one of the most radioactive objects in the world.

Most large submarines get power from nuclear reactors inside them. These are nuclear submarines. Some Russian nuclear submarines have faced nuclear meltdown.

Sometimes, the nuclear meltdown may happen immediately. For example, the nuclear reactor at Chernobyl. Sometimes, the nuclear meltdown may take many hours to happen. For example, the nuclear meltdown at Three Mile Island, (Pennsylvania, United States) took many hours to happen.

A nuclear meltdown is sometimes called the "China syndrome", which refers to a scenario, not meant to be taken literally, where a reactor core could melt through the Earth "all the way to China". The movie "The China Syndrome" is named after this scenario. There is no way such an event could happen in the real world. A reactor core could not melt through the Earth's crust, and even if it did melt to the center of the Earth, it would not go back up to the surface against gravity.

Zoroaster

Zoroaster, or Zarathushtra, was an ancient prophet who lived in Persia. He founded a religion named Zoroastrianism. This religion has a long history. It was the national religion of Sassanid Empire of ancient Iran. In Persian language, the name takes the form of "Zartosht".

Most scholars agree that Zoroaster was a real person who lived long ago. No one is certain about the time when he lived. One estimate is that he lived about 3200 years ago, around 1200 BC. Some other estimates are that Zarathushtra may have lived anywhere between the 18th century BC and the 6th century BC. 


Russian Empire

The Russian Empire (1721-1917), also called Imperial Russia, was a country in Europe as well as Asia. It started in 1721 when Peter I of Russia founded it. Before that, it was known as the Tsardom of Russia. It lasted until it was declared a republic in March 1917 after the Russian Revolution. It was an absolute monarchy ruled by Russian emperors known as 'Tsars'. They were members of the House of Romanov and believed that they had the divine right of kings over their people.

In 1914, the area of the Russian Empire was about 21,799,825 km². In 1897, its population was 128,200,000 (1897 year). Its official language was the Russian language. Its official church was the Russian Orthodox Church.

The Russian Empire was led by a Tsar who had complete control of the nation. In this autocracy, only the Tsar could make or cancel laws. In 1905 the Tsar granted a new constitution in which he shared some power with a partly elected parliament called the Duma. The Russian Empire was a great power, and one of the biggest empires that ever existed.

Most people in Imperial Russia were peasants. They lived mainly in rural areas until the late 19th century, when the Emancipation of the Serfs freed them from the farms where they had to stay. They were allowed to marry whomever they wanted, own property, and vote.

A few people were nobility, also called boyars. They were educated and held higher prestige than the peasants. Towards the end of the 19th century, many of the educated wanted to remove the Tsar and give people more power.

In 1904 Russia led Nicholas II got permission from the Qing dynasty to build the Trans-Siberian railway to extend the Railway into Qing Dynasty China and Korea however the Empire of Japan led by Emperor Meiji saw this as a threat and the Japanese declared war on Russia and won the war in 1905. In 1914 Russia declared war on Austria-Hungary and Germany since the they made with the France. In 1917, World War I caused the bad conditions for workers in factories to become even worse with a food shortage. People blamed it on the Tsar and rebelled against his government. There were riots in cities such as St Petersburg and Moscow. The Tsar was soon forced to abdicate in the February Revolution in 1917. After the October Revolution he was assassinated with his family during the Russian Civil War. In 1922 most of the Russian Empire became the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, or USSR when a communist government won the Russian Civil War. Some counties in the Empire escaped, but the biggest ones were forced into the USSR.

International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement

The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is a movement to save human life and health. Its headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland.

Although it is a big international organisation, it is privately run. No government controls the Red Cross.

The Red Cross has a special job, given by international law. It is the only private group to have its jobs set out by international law.

Three things make up the movement:

The Red Cross, the Red Crescent and the Red Crystal,the three international symbols of the Red Cross

According to the Geneva conventions, there are five goals for International red cross and red crescent movements;


Cello

The cello is an instrument used to play music. Its name comes from the Italian language, so it is pronounced “chello”. The full word is violoncello, but when speaking, people normally call it the “cello”. A person who plays the cello is called a “cellist”. The cello is a very popular instrument. It belongs to the string family. It has many uses: as a solo instrument, in chamber music and also in orchestras. It is also occasionally used by pop musicians, e.g. by The Beatles, Björk and Jamiroquai.

The cello came into use in the 16th century. At that time there was a family of instruments called the viols. The instruments of the violin family were also developing and there were lots of experiments with instruments of different shapes and sizes. The violone was popular as a bass instrument. It was similar to a modern double bass. The name "violoncello", means "little violone". The cello also has 4 strings. The cello developed as the bass instrument in string groups (the double bass was added later, “doubling the bass” i.e. playing the same as the cello an octave lower). It was used to accompany in basso continuo, playing the same as the left hand of the harpsichord player. When composers started to write concerti grossi (pieces for orchestra and a small group of soloists), they started to give the cello small solos. In this way the cello started to be used as a solo instrument as well. Johann Sebastian Bach wrote six very famous suites for solo cello (unaccompanied). They are among the most beautiful pieces written for the cello.

Other composers started to write works for solo cello. Joseph Haydn wrote two solo concertos for the instrument. King Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia loved the cello, and he inspired Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven to write music with interesting cello parts. The cello was now an equal with the other string instruments, no longer just playing a simple bass line.

In the 19th century many famous composers wrote cello music. A lot of them were cellists themselves e.g. Carl Davidov, David Popper and Julius Klengel. Some very famous composers who wrote important cello music were: Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schumann, Brahms, Dvořák, Fauré, Saint-Saëns, Elgar, Sergei Rakhmaninov. Two famous pieces written more recently for cello and orchestra are the "Cello Symphony" by Benjamin Britten and "The Protecting Veil" by John Tavener.

The parts of the cello are similar to those of the violin. The strings are tuned to C-G-D-A, (low to high). The cello is played sitting down and holding the instrument between the knees. There is an end-pin which rests on the ground. This is adjustable in height so that the player can put it in a position to make himself/herself comfortable. The cello is normally played with a bow.

The cello has a deep, rich sound. It starts two octaves below middle C, but can go very high. For the highest notes the player can use “thumb position” (a violinist cannot do this). This means that the left thumb is pressing down on one or two strings high up over the fingerboard (“high” means “nearer the bridge” where the high notes are. In fact, it is nearer to the floor). Although cello music is most frequently written in the bass clef, cello music often goes quite high so that the tenor clef is used especially in the solo repertory.

The most famous cellist of the early part of the 1900s was the Spanish cellist Pablo Casals. He made the cello popular as a solo instrument today. Casals also discovered the famous Suites for cello by J.S. Bach which had been lost.

Some other famous cellists of the last century include Emanuel Feuermann, Gregor Piatigorski, Paul Tortelier, Jacqueline du Pré and Mstislav Rostropovich.

Cellists of today include Yo-Yo Ma, Julian Lloyd Webber, Octavia Philharmonic, Mischa Maisky, Kirill Rodin, Tim Hugh, Robert Cohen, Ruslan Biryukov, Pieter Wispelwey and Truls Mørk.


European colonization of the Americas

European colonization of the Americas started with an attempt by the Vikings who came from Scandinavia, the north end of Europe around the year 1000. They explored and settled awhile in the colony they called Vinland in what was later called Newfoundland. However, they abandoned it.

In 1492 Columbus rediscovered America. Soon Spanish conquistadores and many other Europeans went to stay. Different European countries took different territories, and fought over who should get which land. Natives died in great numbers. The survivors lost most of their land, and most learned the language of their conquerors. 

After a series of wars in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, most of the colonies became independent countries.

In the 15th century people in western Europe searched for trading routes between the Indies and Europe, because the old spice trade route was too hard and too long. Prices were also high because groups of merchants controlled the trade and could charge whatever they wished. Vasco da Gama had found a route around Africa that belonged to Portugal. Some geographers thought the world was so small, ships could sail west around the world to reach East Asia. The Genoese sea captain Christopher Columbus persuaded Queen Isabella of Castile to finance an expedition to do this.

In August 1492, Columbus left southern Spain with three ships: Nina, Pinta and Santa Maria. On October 12, after weeks at sea, the ships reached an island in the Bahamas. Columbus named this island San Salvador. He thought it was an island of India, so he called the people "Indians". Columbus next sailed farther into the Caribbean, reaching Cuba where he saw people smoking tobacco. Then he sailed back to Spain. The King and Queen gave Columbus many honors.

On his later voyages Columbus took more men, including missionaries. The ships also carried farm animals and supplies to establish colonies. He established a new settlement on an island that is now the Dominican Republic.

After they realized that they found a “New World” but not a new route to Asia, the main task of the Spanish was to gain the new lands. The conquistadors had permission from the Queen to explore and conquer the New World.

Spanish conquistadors with only a few hundred soldiers defeated large Indian empires. In 1519 Hernando Cortes and few hundred soldiers marched into Aztec capital and eventually destroyed the city, later rebuilt as Mexico City. Francisco Pizarro was able to conquer the Inca Empire. The Spanish won for several reasons. Indians thought that they were Gods and they were afraid of horses and guns. The Indians also fought each other.

The Spanish and Portuguese people were the first to colonize many parts of South America and Central America in the 16th century. They also won many parts of North America. In the next century, people from many countries of Europe reached the Americas. They settled mostly in North America since the Spanish and Portuguese already had the warm countries. France and England were the most successful in these later colonies. England took the middle of eastern North America, and the French took what they could further north. Eventually, the English colonists took over most of the French territory.

The people in the southern English colonies sought gold at first. However, they had good soil, and because of this they could grow cash crops, starting with tobacco. The English people in colonies further north could not grow these crops so easily. The ones who started New England were Puritans and wanted to be free from the Anglicans back home. The Middle Colonies were more commercial. They traded furs, and grew food for themselves and the other English colonies and later exported some back to England. 

The Spanish settled in Central America and South America, mining for gold and silver, and farming tobacco, the Spanish had a surplus of labor, because they used the Natives to do the work for them, this was called Encomienda. In some places this system killed too many of the natives, so they imported slaves from Africa. The Portuguese grew much sugar and other tropical cash crops in Brazil and imported many Africans for this purpose. They were the biggest buyers in the Atlantic slave trade.

France had colonies in the Caribbean, and also in the north of the North American mainland which they called Canada. In the north they were looking for what we call the Northwest Passage, finding a route to Asia. They had a low population, forcing them to cooperate with the natives to survive. The French had major profits in the fur trade until they lost Canada in the French and Indian War. The French Caribbean colonies were warm and good for farming, so they bought many slaves. French Canada had poor farmland, so no slaves.


Doha

Doha (Arabic: الدوحة;, Ad-Dawḥah or Ad-Dōḥah) is the capital city of Qatar. It has a population of 400,051 (2005), and is at 25.3° N 51.5333° E, on the Persian Gulf. The city has an airport called Doha International Airport. Doha also has major oil and fishing industries. Doha has an area devoted to research and education called Education City. Doha was the host of the 2006 Asian Games, a major Asian sporting event. Doha's leader is a sheikh named Sheikh Tamim. The official language of Doha is English and Arabic. The biggest mall in Qatar is Qatar mall.

Doha has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh) with long, extremely hot summers and short, warm winters. The average high temperatures between May and September surpass 38 °C (100 °F) and often approach 45 °C (113 °F). Humidity is usually the lowest in May and June. Dewpoints can surpass 30 °C (86 °F) in the summer. Throughout the summer, the city averages almost no precipitation, and less than 20 mm (0.79 in) during other months. Rainfall is scarce, at a total of 75 mm (2.95 in) per year, falling on isolated days mostly between October to March. The winter's days are relativity warm while the sun is up and cool during the night. The temperature rarely drops below 7 °C (45 °F).

Doha is bordered by Saudi Arabia on its south. On its north, it is bordered by the Persian Gulf. The nearest oversea country is Bahrain.


Bandar Seri Begawan

Bandar Seri Begawan is the capital city of Brunei and the largest city. It has a population of 140,000 (2010 estimate). The city is the home of producers of furniture, textiles, handcrafts, and timber. It is the site of the Royal Ceremonial Hall or Lapau, Royal Regalia Building, the Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddien Mosque, the Malay Technology Museum, and the Brunei History Center.

Thimphu

Thimphu (ཐིམ་ཕུ་) is the capital city of Bhutan. It is the name of the surrounding valley and dzongkhag, the Thimphu District. It has a population of 50,000 (2003), it is the largest population center in the country. Thimphu is located at 27°28′00″N, 89°38′30″E.

<br>

Colombo

Colombo (; ) is the largest city of Sri Lanka. It is the city which is economically most important to the country. It has 642,163 people. It is on the west coast close to the capital city of Kotte.

The name Colombo is borrowed from Sinhala language name Kola-amba-thota which means "harbor with leafy mango trees". Traveller Ibn Batuta in the 14th century referred to it as "Kalanpu".


Malé

Malé (Dhivehi: މާލެ) is the capital city of the Maldives. It has a population of 133,412 (2014). The city is on Malé Island in the Kaafu Atoll. Although Malé is in Kaafu Atoll, administratively it is not considered part of it. There is a commercial harbor in the Island. It is the center of all commercial activities in the country. Many government buildings and agencies are on the waterfront. Malé International Airport is close to Hulhule Island which includes a seaplane base for internal transportation.
and male' has the most beautiful reefs on earth. Male's current president is Ibrahim Solih and it is known as the smallest city on earth. It is quite a dense city.

The Maldives are named after the capital city Malé. The city used to be called "Mahal", and it had walls and defences around it. Recently, the island has become much bigger due to filling the ocean beside it with land.

Islamabad

Islamabad (, "abode of Islam") is the Federal capital city of Pakistan. The city is on the Pothohar Plateau in the northwest of the country. Islamabad Town is also a town in Jammu and Kashmir. It is in the Islamabad Capital Territory, though the area has historically been a part of the crossroads of the Punjab region and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province (the Margalla Pass being a historic gateway to the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and the Pothohar Plateau historically is a part of the Punjab region).
This city is rich in nature. It is surrounded by the Margalla Hills. It has a humid subtropical climate ("Cwa" in the Köppen climate classification). Islamabad is an expensive city to live in as the prices of most of fruits, vegetable and poultry items increased in Islamabad during the years 2015-2020.

The places that attract the tourists include:

Islamabad has a large number of educational institutions including colleges, universities and technical education and training bodies.Some of them are:


Wall of Voodoo

Wall of Voodoo is a rock band from the United States. The band was from Los Angeles, California. The band's music style was punk and new wave. Their most famous song was "Mexican Radio".

The band's genesis was in a Hollywood company called "Acme Soundtracks", a commercially unsuccessful venture founded in 1977 in Hollywood by songwriter Stan Ridgway. Ridgway wanted the company to provide soundtrack music for independently produced low-budget horror films; unfortunately, they found few takers for their services. Instead, Acme Soundtracks evolved into a band that played live shows, as Ridgway (vocals, harmonica, keyboards) enlisted Marc Moreland (guitar) followed by Marc's brother Bruce Moreland (bass), Chas T. Gray (keyboards), and Joe Nanini (percussion) to the line-up.

The band was named Wall Of Voodoo by Ridgway before their first gig in reference to a comment made while recording and overdubbing a Kalamazoo Rhythm Ace drum machine, a gift to Ridgway by writer and iconic voice over artist Daws Butler, partner to Stan Freberg, voice of Yogi Bear and many other Hanna-Barbera characters. When someone jokingly compared the multiple drum machine and farfisa organ laden recordings to Phil Spector's Wall Of Sound, Ridgway commented it sounded more like a "Wall Of Voodoo", and the name stuck.

Actually, for new listeners, the voodoo reference was a little misleading, as it referred to the music's often spooky quality, as opposed to any Haitian or Caribbean influences. In fact, WoV's music could fairly have been described as a cross between early synthesizer pop (especially that of Devo) and Ennio Morricone's spaghetti western soundtracks. Adding to the music's distinctiveness was Ridgway's unusual vocal style, a half-spoken western drawl, and Nanini's percussive experimentation, mixing drum machines with found instruments such as pots, pans and various kitchen utensils, as well as Marc Moreland's distinctive guitar.

In 1980, Wall Of Voodoo released their self-titled debut EP, which included a cover version of Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire, as well as three original songs and a few snippets of atmospheric Acme Soundtracks work. In 1981 the band released Dark Continent, an album concerned largely with workplace issues.

After that album, bassist Bruce Moreland exited the band, and Gray doubled up on both bass and keyboards. Now a quartet, in 1982 WoV recorded their best-known album with producer Richard Mazda, Call of the West, which included "Mexican Radio". Though "Mexican Radio" did not make the top 40 in either the US or the UK, it was a sizeable underground hit, and the song's video received heavy airplay on MTV in the US and MuchMusic in Canada.

Wall Of Voodoo added Bill Noland from L.A.'s quirky outfit Human Hands as a keyboardist in 1982, but increasing tensions within the band eventually led to a breakup of the band after the Us Festival in 1983. Ridgway would there after embark on a solo career, which netted him much critical acclaim and a top 5 hit in the UK with the 1986 single "Camouflage" in addition to songs such as "The Big Heat","Drive She Said" and "Salesman". Numerous solo recordings have followed.

Noland and Nanini also left the band in 1983. WoV regrouped in 1984 with a new lead singer (Andy Prieboy), as well as a new drummer (Ned Leukhardt) and returning bassist Bruce Moreland. 

A 1984 single ("Big City") was followed by two albums from this lineup: 1985's Seven Days in Sammystown, and 1987's Happy Planet. The Sammystown album also spawned "Far Side Of Crazy", a minor hit single in Australia.

Bruce Moreland again exited the band before their final album in 1989, the live recording "The Ugly Americans In Australia". 

After the final break-up, Andy Prieboy issued three solo albums :"Upon My Wicked Son", "Montezuma Was A Man of Faith" and "Sins of The Father." "Wicked Son" featured the haunting ballad "Tomorrow Wendy" which was covered by a score of bands, most notably Concrete Blonde on their hit "Bloodletting" album. 

Marc Moreland recorded with Pretty & Twisted and Department of Crooks as well as issuing a solo album shortly before his death on March 13, 2002.

Stan Ridgway continues to release numerous recordings and projects, including collaborations with his wife, composer Pietra Wexstun of the electronic lounge band Hecate's Angels. These include "Soundtrack for Blood" (2003), a musical score to an exhibit of paintings by the surrealist artist Mark Ryden, and "Barbecue Babylon", the latest album by Drywall, their "experimental noise combo trio" with electric guitarist Rick King. 

Ridgway's most recent solo cd is "Snakebite - Blacktop Ballads and Fugitive Songs" (2005) which featured the amazing song Talkin' Wall Of Voodoo Blues.

A newly reformed Wall Of Voodoo recently opened for Cyndi Lauper at the 2006 Pacific Amphitheatre Summer Concert Series at the OC Fair. 

The line up consisted of Stan Ridgway - vocals, harmonica, farfisa organ, compass, polygraph, and new members Joe Berardi - percussion, drums, foley, laugh box, gong, atomic clock, Rick King - guitar, twang wire, tremolo tonic, bees vs moths, maps, Pietra Wexstun - keys, electric piano, C3 organ, tarot cards, mind reading, Jeff Boynton - keys, moog, oberheim, circuit bending and soldering iron, David Sutton - bass, thunder stick, vitalis, casuals, and golf balls, Richard Mazda - Special Guest, guitar, clavinet, SFX, points of discussion, producer-dude of Call Of The West and Mexican Radio, and other strange things. Andy Prieboy, Chas T Gray and Bill Noland were approached to participate but declined. All sent their well wishes and may contribute in the future.

Drummer Joe Nanini died of a brain hemorrhage on December 4, 2000.

Guitarist Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13, 2002.

Khyber Pass

The Khyber Pass (also called the Khaiber Pass or Khaybar Pass) () is a pass between Pakistan and Afghanistan; National "Border" Pass (International). It is the "National Pass" of Pakistan, and connects the frontiers of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan, to Afghanistan.

Throughout history it has been an important trade route between Central Asia and South Asia, and a strategic military pass. The actual summit of the pass is 5 kilometers inside Pakistan at Landi Kotal. The pass cuts through the Safed Koh mountains which are a far southeastern extension of the Hindu Kush range.the height of the khyber pass is 1,070m and width is 140m.

The area around the Pass is inhabited by a number of Pashtun tribes, especially the Afridis. 


Ground zero

Ground zero is the name for the exact place where an explosion occurs. It is the place where the most damage happens. The farther away from ground zero, the less damage there is. Sometimes, people say "ground zero" about a famous explosion, like the atomic bomb in Hiroshima or the September 11 attacks. These places can have special markers at ground zero.

Anne Rice

Anne Rice (born Howard Allen O'Brien, October 4, 1941 – December 11, 2021) was an American author of horror/fantasy novels. "Interview with the Vampire" and "The Queen of the Damned" are among her best-known works. She wrote four series, including "The Vampire Chronicles" and "Christ the Lord".

Rice was born in New Orleans, Louisiana to Irish Roman Catholic parents. One of her sisters was novelist Alice Borchardt (1939–2007). Rice was married to poet Stan Rice (1942–2002) from 1961 his death. They had a daughter, Michele (1966–1972) and a son, novelist Christopher (born 1978).

Rice died on December 11, 2021, of complications from a stroke. She was 80.


Homemaker

Any person whether at home full time or working outside the home who maintains the upkeep of his or her residence, cares for their family, perform daily chores, to create a peaceful, cozy and warm homey environment.
Both male and female can be tagged to the term, alike to "housewife" and "househusband".

Because it has been the traditional job of a woman to be a "homemaker", a woman who spends most of her time caring for the family home has been called a "housewife". Many women still use this word on government forms, because they see the value in homemaking. 

For many thousands of years, men have been thought of by society as the main "breadwinners" in families. This means that it has been the job of men to do work in which animals were hunted for food by one or more men, or the men grew food crops or earned money to pay for food, while the women have cared for children, prepared food for eating, cleaned the home, and made and cared for clothes.

In societies where people are "hunters and gatherers", for example the traditional society of the Australian aboriginal people, it is the men who do the hunting of animals for meat, and the women who do the gathering of other types of food such as grain, fruit and vegetables. One of the reasons is that a married woman usually had children and babies for a large part of her life. It is much easier to gather fruit with a baby on your hip or back than to hunt a fast-moving animal. So the men were able to raise up sons and daughters and the life of the community could continue into another generation. Even in a society where homes were very simple and people did not own very many things, men and women did different jobs. In the extreme conditions of the Arctic North the hunters must know how to hunt in extreme cold (among ice and snow); the women must maintain home life in huts made of ice ("igloos") and clothing needs to be made out of animal skin and insulated with moss and other plants. Babies live very close to their mothers so that they can be kept warm.

In "rural societies", where the main work is farming women have also taken care of gardens and animals around the house, brewed weak alcoholic drinks (such as ale and mead) and helped men with heavy work whenever a job needed doing in a hurry, usually because of the season.

Examples of the heavy work that a traditional "housewife" (homemaker) in a "rural society" would do are:

An "urban society" is when most people live in towns and cities. In urban societies, since ancient times, most men did work that earned money. They worked in workshops, trading, banks and other businesses as well as in churches, schools and the town council. It was seen as the job of a woman to be a "housewife" (homemaker).

Every society always has some women who never marry. They might stay at home and do "housework" for other family members, or they might work outside the house like a man. In many urban societies, there have been few jobs that a woman was allowed to do. In modern society there are still strong traditions about the jobs that women should do.

In the 19th century (1801-1900) more and more women began to stop being homemakers and began to do jobs that men usually did. At this time many big factories were set up, first in England then in some other European countries and the United States as well. Many thousands of young women went to work in factories.

Other women, like Florence Nightingale, stopped being housewives and did dirty dangerous jobs, even though they were not poor and did not need to work. In most families where there was a husband and wife, everybody thought it was the job of the husband to earn money and the job of the woman to be a "housewife" (homemaker). Women were often very proud to be a good homemaker and have their house and children spotlessly clean, their husband's shirts neatly pressed, and tasty meals to eat every night.

In the first half of the 20th century (1901-1950) there were two big wars (World War I and World War II) that were fought by men from many countries. While the men were at war, their wives went to work to keep the countries running. Women, who were also homemakers, worked in factories, businesses and farms. 

By the 1960s in western countries there was the idea that it was all right for a woman to work and be a "career girl" until the woman got married, when she should stop work and be a "housewife" (homemaker).

At this time, when more and more women had good educations and were able to earn a lot of money, in some families (usually if there were young children to care for) the husband would be the person that was the homemaker. (See above:The term "homemaker)

Nowadays, in many families where both the husband and wife do paid work, both partners share in the "housework" and caring for the children. In other families, there is still a traditional idea that housework" is the job of the wife, so the husband works to provide for the family and the wife stays home to care for her house and children". In addition, in some families, the wife works to provide for the family and the husband stays home to care for the home and the children. 

The job of a homemaker is to take care of a family and the place where the family lives. The usual things that a homemaker does are:



Necktie

A necktie (or a tie) is an article of clothing worn by men. A tie is part of an ensemble (or outfit) of clothing called the "suit and tie." This outfit is worn in Western countries by men in professional jobs such as business, law, and politics.

A necktie is usually made of silk or polyester, and it usually has a color or pattern on it. Men tie a knot in neckties and wear them with dress shirts in order to make them look more formal.

The bow tie is a type of necktie. It is a ribbon of fabric tied around the collar in a symmetrical manner such that the two opposite ends form loops. 

Ready-tied bow ties are available, in which the distinctive bow is sewn and a band goes around the neck and clips to secure. Some "clip-ons" dispense with the band altogether, instead clipping to the collar. 

Joke

A joke is something said, written or done to make people laugh. There are many kinds of jokes; they can be questions with surprising answers or stories with unexpected endings. The humour of a joke comes from the surprise. 

Jokes can be about anything. Jokes can be found anywhere: on the Internet, in books or heard from friends. Some jokes are about groups of people and can hurt people's feelings, for example if they are racist, homophobic or sexist.

Jokes are used in comedy, plays and movies.

Jokes could take the form of sarcasm or even try to poke fun at something to get a point across. People sometimes get hurt by jokes at them. If a joke is used to show a problem in someone's thought, it is normally called satire.

There are also practical jokes.


Brother-in-law

A brother-in-law is the brother of someone's wife or husband. A brother-in-law is also someone's brother's or sister's husband.


Sister-in-law

Someone's sister-in-law is the wife of his or her brother or sister. Someone's sister-in-law is also his or her spouse's sister.


Tuxedo

A tuxedo is an ensemble (or outfit) of clothing which includes a white dress shirt, a bow tie, dress pants, a tuxedo suit jacket (sometimes called a dinner jacket), leather shoes, and sometimes a vest or cummerbund, top hat and gloves. In European countries, this outfit is called black tie. Many men wear this outfit in Western countries on formal occasions like a marriage ceremony or a fancy party or dance.

The white shirt is usually made of cotton or linen. A dress shirt has a stiff collar and it is ironed before it is worn. A bow tie is usually made of silk or polyester, and it is usually black or white. Dress pants are made of wool or polyester, and they are ironed before they are worn. A tuxedo suit jacket is usually made of wool or polyester. Suit jackets have a collar, pockets, and a silk or polyester lining. Leather dress shoes are usually made of dark-colored leather which is polished. Sometimes, a person wearing a tuxedo will also wear a sleeveless vest with buttons in the front, a black top hat, and white gloves.

Some men wear a tuxedo for their jobs, such as symphony orchestra musicians or waiters in expensive restaurants.

Since most men do not wear tuxedos very often, they may rent them when needed instead of buying them. Sometimes, men's tuxedo vests and ties match the dress of the woman he is with. They are mainly worn to big events such as weddings, dinner parties or some sort of smart event. 


Experience points

"'Experience points", commonly known as ‘xp’ or 'exp', are numbers used in certain role-playing games. Gaining enough experience points usually leads to the player "leveling up." Each "level up" means that the player is more powerful than before. They can use better weapons, armor, and magic. Most games have a maximum level that the player can achieve, which means they can not get any more experience points.

Eagle (disambiguation)

Eagle could mean:











Hide (musician)

, better known by his stage name hide, was a Japanese musician, singer, songwriter and record producer, the lead guitarist of the band X Japan. He was also a successful solo artist, once contributing to the American-based band Zilch. He is regarded as very influential to modern Japanese music. His music can be classified as glam rock and pop. X Japan was one of the main bands to develop the musical movement called visual kei.

hide was born at Yokosuka, in Kanagawa Prefecture. He lived and created music in Tokyo and Los Angeles. He died in Tokyo on 2 May 1998, after a night of drinking. He committed suicide.

hide's solo project was called hide with Spread Beaver. It was formed at the start of 1998, and was based in Los Angeles. They released three single CDs and one album. The first single was "Rocket Dive", released on 28 January 1998. The other two singles were recorded by the end of April, and were scheduled to be released in May. hide travelled to Tokyo to promote the new songs, but he died on 2 May before they were released. The two new singles were released on 13 May and 27 May. They were called "Pink Spider" and "Ever Free". "Pink Spider" entered the Oricon charts at #1 and eventually received the year's MTV video music award. hide's studio album, "Ja, Zoo", was released in November 1998. His band played their promotion tour live in Japan as scheduled.

hide's backing musicians were:

Measurement

Measurement means compare to a fix standard value. To measure something is to give a number to some property of the thing. Measuring something puts the amount of the thing into numbers. Measurement can be written using many different units. For example, if we want to compare two different sized container for holding a given quantity of liquid, we can ask: Are both containers the same size? Will they hold the same amount of liquid?

Many things can be measured. Some properties of things that can be measured:

One can measure many other things.

Most properties are measured using a number and a unit of measurement. The unit of measurement is a standard amount. The number compares the property to the standard amount.

There is an advanced part of mathematics that is about measuring things with unusual characteristics. This is called measure theory.

Measurement can be the capacity, how long something is, or distance, etc.



Alligator clip

Alligator clips are toothed clips on the ends of electric wires. They are hinged near the back, making them look like alligator jaws. Sometimes they are also called crocodile clips. Usually those clips are used in measuring to temporarily connect a meter to an electrical circuit or a single component.

Gordon Brown

James Gordon Brown (born 20 February 1951) is a British politician. He served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and was the leader of the British Labour Party. He was the Labour MP Representative for the Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath UK Constituency.

He was born at Orchard Maternity Nursing Home in Giffnock, Scotland and is married to Sarah Macaulay. Their daughter Jennifer Jane died as a baby. They have two sons, John Macaulay and James Fraser. Brown is blind in his left eye after a sports injury but he has a replacement eye made of glass.

Brown took over as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Tony Blair resigned on 27 June 2007. Before this, he had been Chancellor of the Exchequer since May 1997.

Brown has a PhD in history from the University of Edinburgh. He spent his early career working as a television journalist. He has been a Member of Parliament since 1983. At the beginning for Dunfermline East and since 2005 for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath. As Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, he was also First Lord of the Treasury and the Minister for the Civil Service.

Brown's time as Chancellor was marked by major reform of Britain's financial and fiscal policy architecture. For example, was the interest rate setting power transferred to the Bank of England. This was done by a wide extension of the powers of the Treasury to cover much domestic policy and by giving the responsibility for banking supervision to the Financial Services Authority. Controversial moves included the abolition of Advance Corporation Tax (ACT) relief in his first budget, and the removal in his final budget of the 10 per cent "starting rate" of personal income tax which he had introduced in 1999.

After an initial rise in opinion polls, Brown's time as Prime Minister saw his approval ratings fall. The Labour Party suffered its worst local election results in 40 years. Despite public and parliamentary pressure on his leadership, he remained leader of the Labour Party. He announced on 6 April 2010 that there would be a general election on 6 May 2010, in which Labour came second, with 258 seats. Brown resigned, and Conservative leader David Cameron became Prime Minister.

On 14 July 2012, United Nations Secretary-General Ban ki-moon named Brown UN Special Envoy for Education.

In 2017, he made a statement about Scotland having a "full blown mental health emergency" citing the hiring of mental health staff by a charity.

Chancellor of the Exchequer

The Chancellor of the Exchequer is the head of the government treasury and the chief executive of HM Treasury who is a high ranking minister in the government of the United Kingdom. The Chancellor of the Exchequer (sometimes shortened to "The Chancellor", but not the same person as the Lord Chancellor) is responsible for Britain's money and economy. 

Well-known Chancellors of the Exchequer include Robert Peel, Winston Churchill, Denis Healey, Geoffrey Howe, Gordon Brown, George Osborne and Rishi Sunak.


"Many Chancellors were also Prime Minister for some or all of the time they were Chancellor. These are shown with a *"


Dallas Cowboys

The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American Football team from the Dallas, Texas, USA area. Their stadium, AT&T Stadium is in Arlington, Texas, which is just outside of Dallas County, Texas. Before 1970 they played at the Cotton Bowl Stadium before 1971. From 1970 to 2008 they played at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas, which is just outside of Dallas. They were started when they joined the NFL in 1960. They have won 5 Super Bowls, and they are currently owned by Jerry Jones. Their uniform is white silver and blue with a blue star on their helmet. Troy Aikman was a great quarterback for the Cowboys. Emmitt Smith and Tony Dorsett were notable runningbacks. The Cowboys are often known as "America's Team."

The team's current starting quarterback is Dak Prescott, with Cooper Rush as their second string. Their head coach is Mike McCarthy.



Duncanville, Texas

Duncanville is a city in Texas that is right next to Dallas, Texas, USA. It has about 40,000 people. It is known as "The City of Champions," and "D'ville".

Koror City

Koror is the former capital city of Palau. Palau is divided into sixteen states, and Koror is one of the states in Palau. The state of Koror has about 90% of the population of the country. Koror is also the largest town, with a population of 14,000 (2004).

Palikir

Palikir is the capital city of the Federated States of Micronesia. It is on the island of Pohnpei. About 7,000 people live there.

Atari XL

The Atari XL was a series of 8-bit home computers introduced in 1983. They were an improved version of the Atari 400 and Atari 800 computers from 1979.

Their main CPU was a MOS Technology 6502. There were 3 versions- the 1200XL, the 600XL and the 800XL. All three used a normal television as a display.

Port Moresby

Port Moresby (9°30′S 147°12′E) is the capital city and the main city of Papua New Guinea. In 2000, 255,000 people lived there. The city is on the shores of the Gulf of Papua, on the southeastern coast of the island of New Guinea.

The area on which the city was built was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby. It was named in honor of his father Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby.

Astana

Astana (, ), previously known as Akmolinsk (Russian: Акмолинск, romanized: Akmolinsk), Tselinograd, and Nur-Sultan, is the capital city of Kazakhstan.

Astana has an estimated population of 1,184,469. It has been the capital of Kazakhstan since 1998. The name "Astana", which in Kazakh language means "Capital city", was chosen because it is easily pronounced in many languages. In Kazakh, it is pronounced "As-ta-na", while in English (and, for instance, German), common pronunciation is "As-ta-na". It is in the Aqmola Province.

On 23 March 2019, a unanimous vote in Kazakhstan's parliament agreed to the new name. The city was renamed Nur-Sultan, after former president Nursultan Nazarbayev. The name was changed back to Astana in September 2022.

National emblem

A national emblem is an official symbol for a country. It can be an animal, plant or any other thing. National emblems appear for example on "flags".







Cessna 172

The Cessna 172 is one of the best-selling single engine airplanes in the world. Over 43,000 of them have been made. It is made by Cessna Aircraft Company. It can carry 4 people including the pilot. From 1956 until 1967 it had a Continental six-cylinder piston engine. Beginning in 1968, the 172 was powered by a Lycoming four-cylinder piston engine. The small Cessna airplanes, including the 172, are very often used in pilot training.


United States Marine Corps

The United States Marine Corps (also known as USMC) is one of the six branches of the military of the United States in the United States Department of Defense. It was created in 1775 as a special maritime service.

Although it is part of the U.S. Naval Service, it is a separate military branch with its own special ranking structure. It also has its own Naval Aviation.

The Marines have been involved in many conflicts, and had important roles in key battles such as Tripoli, Iwo Jima, Guadalcanal, and Inchon Bay. Every Marine receives infantry training to be ready for battle at all times. Marine Corps training is also known for being especially challenging; at 13 weeks long, Marine Recruit Training is the longest basic training of the six military branches. United States Marines place a large emphasis on morale. This is reflected in their motto, "semper fidelis" (meaning "always faithful"), often shortened to "semper fi".

Samuel Nicholas founded it. He was the first commissioned officer in the Corps. The birthplace of the Marines is in Philadelphia at the Tun Tavern.



San Antonio

San Antonio is a large city in southern Texas, USA. It is the second most populous city in Texas, with about 1.4 million people. It is the seventh most populous city in the United States. The city is known for The Alamo, and the River Walk along the small small San Antonio River that flows through the middle of the city. It is lined with shops and restaurants. San Antonio is also home to the San Antonio Spurs, which is a basketball team in the NBA.

57% of the population is Hispanic, 32% is white, 8% is African-American, 2% is Asian, and 1% Native American. The main industries of San Antonio are health-care, tourism, and national defense. Besides tourist attractions, the city has many medical centers and military bases.

San Antonio is surrounded by Hill Country, Prairie, and the South Texas Plains.

San Antonio has a semi-arid climate with characteristics of a humid subtropical climate.
Like Austin, rain comes during the spring.

San Antonio has a Mexican American culture because it was once a part of Mexico.

The Alamo is located here.
One of three SeaWorlds is located here, the other two being in Orlando and San Diego.
San Antonio is home to two amusement parks, Six Flags Fiesta Texas and SeaWorld San Antonio.

Downtown San Antonio, the city and metro area's urban core, encompasses many of the city's famous structures, attractions, and businesses. The central business district is generally understood to cover the northern half of the "Downtown Loop"— the area bordered by Cesar Chavez to the south. Due to the size of the city and its horizontal development, downtown accounts for less than one half of one percent of San Antonio's geographic area.

North Central is home to several enclaves and upscale neighborhoods including Castle Hills, Hollywood Park, Elm Creek, Inwood, and Rogers Ranch. The area is also the location of upper-middle-class neighborhoods (Deerfield, Churchill Estates, Hunter's Creek, Oak Meadow, and Summerfield).

Northwest Side is the location of the main campus of the University of Texas at San Antonio, the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, and the Northwest Campus of the University of the Incarnate Word, which includes the Rosenberg School of Optometry. The Medical Center District is also located in Northwest Side. Companies with headquarters in the area include Valero and NuStar Energy.

The South Side area of San Antonio is characterized for its predominantly Latino and Hispanic neighborhoods, an average above 81 percent. Large growth came to South Side when Toyota constructed a manufacturing plant. Palo Alto College and the Texas A&M University-San Antonio are located in the area.

East Side San Antonio is home to the San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo, the AT&T Center, and the Freeman Coliseum. The area has the largest concentration of Black and African American residents.

The Alamo

The Alamo is an old Spanish mission (like a church built by Catholic missionaries to minister to the natives) in what is now San Antonio, Texas, United States. The Alamo was authorized in 1718 but was not built until 1744. Its original name was San Antonio de Valero Mission. 

The Alamo is most famous for the Battle of the Alamo, which took place there in 1836. It was occupied by 187 men from Texas and elsewhere who were fighting for the independence of Texas, which was then in Mexico. the men in the Alamo were defeated by a force of 5,000 Mexican troops. General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna was the general for the Mexican Army. Nearly all of the defenders were killed, and "Remember the Alamo!" became the battle cry of the Texas Revolution. The battle ended on March 6, 1836, when those who surrendered were executed.

Many years later, the Texas government restored the Alamo. The Alamo became a National Historic Landmark in 1960 and is now open for tourists. It also became a UNESCO World Heritage Site on July 5, 2015.

Odesa

Odesa (, ; also known as Odessa, ) is a city in southwestern Ukraine on the Black Sea shore. It is the administrative center of the province of Odesa Oblast. It is a major port on the Black Sea. The mayor of Odesa is Hennadiy Trukhanov. In 2004, about 1,012,500 people lived in Odesa.

Odesa is a warm water port. However, it is thought to be of small military value. Since Turkey controls the Dardanelles and Bosphorus, NATO can control ships moving between Odesa and the Mediterranean Sea.

The city has two important ports: Odesa itself and Pivdennyi Seaport , which used to be called Yuzhne. In December 2021, Pivdennyi port handled 5.77 million tons of cargo. Another important port, Chornomorsk, is in the same oblast, to the south-west of Odesa. . Railways and pipelines come to these ports. Pipelines connect Odesa's oil and chemical factories to Russia's and the EU's.

Odesa is the fifth-largest city in Ukraine. It is important in the country's trading. In the 19th century, it was the fourth city of Imperial Russia. It was just smaller than Moscow and St. Petersburg, and Warsaw. Its old buildings appear to be more Mediterranean than Russian. They were made like French and Italian buildings.

A very old Greek colony named "Olbia" (, glorious) perhaps was where the city is now. Many monuments link this place to the Eastern Mediterranean.

In the Middle Ages, these lands were a part of the Kievan Rus, Galich and Volyn Principality, the Golden Horde, the Great Lithuanian Principality, the Crimean Khanate and the Ottoman Empire. The Crimean Tatars traded there in the 14th century. At the time of the Russian–Turkish wars, the lands were captured by Russia. That was at the end of the 18th century.

From 1819 to 1858, Odesa was a free port. During the Soviet times, it was the most important port of trade in the U.S.S.R. and a Soviet naval base. On January 1, 2000, the Quarantine Pier of Odesa trade sea port was made a free port and free economic zone for 25 years.

In the 15th century AD, nomadic tribes of the Nogays, under the government of the Khanate of Crimea, lived there. During the reign of Khan Haci I Giray, he was in danger from the Golden Horde and the Ottoman Turks. To get help, the khan gave Odesa to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The place now called Odesa was then named "Khadjibey". It was part of the Dykra region. Few people lived in that region. They were part of the Turkic tribes. The land was mostly empty steppes.

The Ottoman Empire controlled Khadjibey after 1529. The nearby region Khadjibey was named Yedisan. In the middle of the 18th century, the Ottomans rebuilt a fortress at Khadjibey. It was named Eni Dunia.

At the time of the war between Russia and Turkey (1787–1792), on 25 September 1789, Ivan Gudovich led a group of Russian soldiers to Khadjibey. They took Khadjibey and Yeni Dünya for the Russian Empire. A Spaniard in the Russian army named Major General José de Ribas led one group of soldiers. Russians named him Osip Mikhailovich Deribas. The main street in Odesa today is named Deribasovskaya Street after him. Turkey let Russia keep the city in the Treaty of Jassy in 1792. Russians made it a part of a place they named Novorossiya.

In 1794, the Russian government decided to build a naval fortress on the ruins of Khadjibey city. In 1795 its new name was first written in government letters. The reasons for the new name are lost, but people had theories.

According to one of the stories, when someone said Odessos should be the name for the new Russian port, Catherine II said that all names in the South of the Empire were already 'masculine,' and she did not want another one. So, she decided to change it to more 'feminine' Odesa. This story may be false.

There were at least two cities (Eupatoria and Theodosia) with names that sound 'feminine' for a Russian; also, Catherine II did not speak Russian when she was a child, and lastly, all cities are feminine in Greek (and in Latin). Another story is that the name 'Odesa' is from word-play in French. French "was" then the language spoken at the Russian court. 'Plenty of water' is "assez d'eau" in French. If one says this backwards, it sounds like the Greek colony's name. Word-play about water makes sense. Odesa is next to a very big body of water but has a little fresh water. Anyhow, there is still a link with the name of the old Greek colony. So there may be some truth in the things people said long ago.

The new city quickly became a major success. Its early growth owed much to the work of the Duc de Richelieu, who was the city's governor between 1803 and 1814. He fled the French Revolution and served in Catherine's army against the Turks. He is credited with designing the city and organising its amenities and infrastructure. He is also considered to be one of the founding fathers of the city together with another Frenchman, Count Alexandre Langeron, who succeeded him in office. Richelieu is commemorated by a bronze statue, unveiled in 1828 to a design by Ivan Martos.

In 1819 the city was made a free port, a status it retained until 1859. It became home to an extremely diverse population of Ukrainians, Russians, Jews, Greeks, Bulgarians, Albanians, Armenians, Italians, Frenchmen, Germans and traders representing many other European nationalities (hence numerous 'ethnic' names on the city's map, "e.g.", "Frantsuszkiy" (French) and "Italianskiy" (Italian) Boulevards, "Grecheskaya" (Greek), "Evreyskaya" (Jewish), "Arnautskaya" (Albanian) Streets). Its cosmopolitan nature was written about by the great Russian poet Alexander Pushkin, who lived in internal exile in Odesa between 1823 and 1824. In his letters he wrote that Odesa was a city where "you can smell Europe. French is spoken and there are European papers and magazines to read".

Odesa's growth was interrupted by the Crimean War of 1853–1856, during which it was bombarded by British and French naval forces. It soon recovered and the growth in trade made Odesa Russia's largest grain-exporting port. In 1866 the city was linked by rail with Kiev and Kharkiv as well as Iaşi, Romania.
The city became the home of a large Jewish community during the 19th century. By 1897, Jews were about 37% of the population. They were repeatedly subjected to severe persecution. Pogroms were carried out in 1821, 1859, 1871, 1881, and 1905. Many Jews fled abroad, particularly to Palestine after 1882, and the city became an important base of support for Zionism.

In 1905 Odesa was the place of a workers' uprising supported by the crew of the Russian battleship Potemkin (also see Battleship Potemkin uprising) and Lenin's Iskra. Sergei Eisenstein's famous motion picture, "The Battleship Potemkin," was about the uprising and included a scene where hundreds of Odesan citizens were killed on the great stone staircase (now popularly known as the "Potemkin Steps"), in one of the most famous scenes in motion picture history.

At the top of the steps, which lead down to the port, stands a statue of Richelieu. The actual massacre took place in streets nearby, not on the steps themselves, but the movie caused many to visit Odesa to see the site of the "slaughter". The steps continue to be a tourist attraction. The film was made at Odesa's Cinema Factory, one of the oldest cinema studios in the former Soviet Union.

Following the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917 during World War I, Odesa was occupied by several groups, including the Ukrainian "Tsentral'na Rada", the French Army, the Red Army and the White Army. Finally, in 1920, the Red Army took control of Odesa and united it with the Ukrainian SSR, which later became part of the USSR.

The people of Odesa suffered from a great famine that occurred in 1921–1922 as a result of the war. Romanian and German forces from 1941 to 1944 occupied the city during World War II, causing severe damage and many casualties.

Under the Axis occupation, approximately 60,000 Odesans (mostly Jews) were either massacred or deported. Many parts of Odesa were damaged during its fall and later recapture in April 1944, when the city was finally liberated by the Soviet Army. It was one of the first four Soviet cities to be awarded the title of "Hero City" in 1945.
During the 1960s and 1970s, the city grew tremendously. Between the 1970s and 1990s, most of Odesa's surviving Jews emigrated to Israel, the United States and other Western countries. Many of Odesa's middle and upper classes moved to Moscow and Leningrad.The city grew even more with new rural migrants elsewhere from Ukraine. Industrial professionals were invited from Russia as well as other Soviet republics.

Despite being part of the Ukraine Socialist Republic, the city preserved and somewhat reinforced its unique cosmopolitan mix of Russian/Ukrainian/Mediterranean culture. It also preserved its predominantly Russian speaking environment, with a uniquely accented dialect of Russian being spoken in the city. The city's Russian, Ukrainian, Greek, Armenian, Moldovan, Azeri and Jewish communities, have all contributed to the different aspects of Odesa.

In 1991, after the collapse of Soviet Union, the city became part of newly independent Ukraine. In 2020, Odesa had about 1.1 million people. The city's industries include shipbuilding, oil refining, chemicals, metalworking and food processing. It is also a Ukrainian naval base and home to a fishing fleet. It is also known for its huge outdoor market, the Seventh-Kilometer Market.

The transportation network of Odesa consists of trams (streetcars), trolleybuses, buses; and marshrutkas.

Odesa (Google Map) is above the hills overlooking a small harbor. It is approximately 31 km (19 mi.) north of the estuary of the Dniester river and some 443 km (275 mi) south of the Ukrainian capital Kiev. The city has a continental climate ("Dfa" in the Köppen climate classification) with average temperatures in January of -2 °C (29 °F), and July of 22 °C (73 °F). It averages only 350 mm (14 in) rain annually.

Most people speak Russian, with Ukrainian being less common despite of it being an official language in Ukraine. The city is a mix of many nationalities and ethnic groups, including Ukrainians, Russians, Jews, Greeks, Moldovans, Bulgarians, Armenians and Turks among others.

Odesa is a popular tourist destination. It has many resorts in and around the city. The Tolstoy, Vorontsov, and Potocki families owned palaces in Odesa. They are still open for visits from the public.

The writer Isaac Babel was born in the city. It has also produced several famous musicians, including the violinists Nathan Milstein, Mischa Elman and David Oistrakh, and the pianists Benno Moiseiwitsch, Sviatoslav Richter and Emil Gilels. The chess player Efim Geller was born in the city. All listed, except for Richter, are representatives of the city's Jewish community.

The most popular Russian show-business people from Odesa are Yakov Smirnoff (comedian), Mikhail Zhvanetsky (legendary humorist writer, who began his career as port engineer) and Roman Kartsev (comedian). Their success in 1970s contributed to Odesa's status of a "capital of Soviet humour". Later several humour festivals were established in the city, including the celebration of April Fools' Day.

Most of the city's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby. Abandoned mines were later used and broadened by local smugglers. This created a complicated labyrinth of underground tunnels beneath Odesa, known as "catacombs". They are a now a great attraction for extreme tourists. Such tours, however, are not officially sanctioned and are dangerous because the layout of the catacombs has not been fully mapped and the tunnels themselves are unsafe. These tunnels are a primary reason why subway was never built in Odesa.

The economy of Odesa is based on its port and its close distance to nearby ice-free ports in the mouths of the Dnieper, the Southern Bug, the Dniester and the Danube rivers. During the Soviet period, it was the USSR's largest trading port. Since Ukraine's independence, Odesa remains the busiest international port in the country. Odesa is also a home to almost 5% of all IT companies registered in Ukraine. It helps the city to thrive and attract talented software programmers from other cities of Ukraine and abroad.

Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother

Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon (4 August 1900 – 30 March 2002) was the Queen of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 1936 to 6 February 1952 as the wife of King George VI. She was the last Empress of India until the British Raj was dissolved in August 1947. After her husband died, she was known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, to avoid confusion with her daughter, Queen Elizabeth II.

Her family belonged to the Scottish nobility. Her father was the 14th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne. In 1923, she became known to everyone when she married Albert, Duke of York, the second son of George V and Queen Mary. She was loved by the British people as she became a figure of family life. They had two daughters, the then-Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret. She was the first British royal to smile in pictures known as the "Smiling Duchess".

In 1936, her husband unexpectedly became King when her brother-in-law, Edward VIII, abdicated because he wanted to marryAmerican, Wallis Simpson, who had been divorced. The king was known as King George VI. As his wife, she had the title of Queen Consort. She went with her husband on official tours to France and North America. During World War II, she supported the British public with great courage. After the war, the king became ill and died in 1952. She was then 51, and she lived for another 50 years. As the mother of the queen, grandmother to the queen's four children , later, great-grandmother, she continued to be a popular member of the British Royal Family. 

The Queen Mother had an appendectomy in 1964, colon cancer removed in 1966 and breast cancer removed in 1984. 

The death of her younger daughter Princess Margaret on 9th February 2002 was a sad event for her. She died seven weeks later at the age of 101. She was the first member of the British royal family to live past the age of 100. The second member of the british royal family to live past 100 was her last surviving sister in law, Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester who had died in 2004 aged 102 from a stroke.

Title and Styles

4 August 1900-16 February 1904: The Honorable Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon 

16 February 1904-26 April 1923: Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon 

26 April 1923-11 December 1936: Her Royal Highness The Duchess of York 

11 December 1936-6 February 1952: Her Majesty The Queen 

11 December 1936-14 August 1947: Her Imperial Majesty The Queen-Empress 

6 February 1952-30 March 2002: Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother 

United States Department of Defense

The United States Department of Defense, also known as the USDoD, is a department in the United States government that is in charge of the military of the United States. It was created in 1947 and its headquarters is in The Pentagon in Washington, D.C.. The person in charge of the Department of Defense is called the Secretary of Defense. The current Secretary of Defense is Lloyd Austin. The Secretary of Defense answers directly to the President. 

The Department of Defense is made up of three Military Departments:the Department of the Army (United States Army),the Department of the Navy (United States Navy and Marine Corps),and the Department of the Air Force (United States Air Force and Space Force) along with the National Security Agency (NSA),and the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). The Department of the Navy includes the Navy and the Marine Corps. Also, during times of war the United States Coast Guard is under the authority of the Department of Defense.

United States Department of the Navy

The United States Department of the Navy was created by the United States Congress on April 30, 1798. It was created in order to give civilian leadership and administration to the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps. The Secretary of the Navy is in charge of the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Navy is under the authority of the Department of Defense. 

The Department of the Navy is in charge of recruitment, training, organizing, building, and construction for the Navy and the Marine Corps. While the Navy and the Marine Corps both is under the Department of the Navy, they are two separate branches of the military.

Queen Elizabeth

There are many people called Queen Elizabeth.

Among the women known to history as "Queen Elizabeth" are, in order of date of death:

"(Note that the name "Isabel" or "Isabella" is sometimes translated into English as "Elizabeth" or "Elisabeth".)"



Houston (disambiguation)

Houston is a city in Texas. It is the fourth largest city in the United States. It can also mean:



Weather station

A weather station has machines that measure wind speed, wind direction, temperature, barometric pressure, and humidity of the air around them. There are many ways to do this with instruments such as barometers (air pressure), psychrometers (humidity), anemometers (wind speed) and cielometers (electronic, for cloud cover). Many weather stations have no people; they report their measurements automatically. 

Atmospheric pressure

Atmospheric pressure is a force in an area pushed against a surface by the weight of the atmosphere of Earth, a layer of air. The air is not distributed evenly around the globe. It moves, and at different times, the layer of air is thicker in some places than in others. Where the layer of air is thicker, there is more air. Since there is more air, there is a higher pressure in that spot. Where the layer of air is thinner, there is a lower atmospheric pressure.

At higher altitude, the atmospheric density and pressure are lower. This is because high places do not have as much air above them, pushing down.

Barometers can be used to measure atmospheric pressure for meteorology. There is the same atmospheric pressure from all directions. The SI unit for pressure is hPa. Other units such as Bar (unit) and torr are used for various applications.


1482

1482 was a common year.

Franz Berwald

Franz Adolf Berwald was a Swedish composer of the 19th Century. He was born in Stockholm on 23 July 1786. He died in Stockholm on 3 April 1868. While he was alive, people generally ignored his composing work, so he had to do other things to gain a living. He worked as an orthopedic surgeon, and later as the manager of a saw mill and glass factory. Franz adolf berwald came from a family with four generations of musicians.

Today, many people see him as one of the finest Swedish composers of the 19th century.

Chemnitz

Chemnitz is a city in Germany. It is in the state of Saxony. In 2006, about 245,000 people lived there.

During the partition of Germany Chemnitz was in East Germany. From 1953 to 1990 Chemnitz was called Karl-Marx-Stadt. The name was in reference to the social reformer Karl Marx. Now the city has its old name. This name is from the river that flows through it.

The first mention of the city was in 1143. The city had an important role in the Industrial Revolution. In about 1883, the city population passed 100.000 inhabitants.

Chemnitz is north of the Ore Mountains in the western part of the Bundesland Saxony. It is the 3rd biggest city in Saxony with about 245.000 inhabitants. The area is about 220 km. There is a river that is also called Chemnitz.
The average temperature is 8 °C and the amount of rain and snow every year (annual precipitation) is 700 mm.

The "Karl-Marx-Monument" has been an attraction of the city since 1971. The 7,10 meter high statue was created by the Russian artist Lev Kerbel. The inhabitants of Chemnitz call it "Nischel", which means "head" in the dialect of the area.

The "Roter Turm" (the "red tower")is one of Chemnitz's oldest sites; it was built in the 12th or 13th century and was once part of the city wall.

The town hall of Chemnitz consists of two buildings. The old town hall was built in the 15th century. The new townhall, on the other hand, was built at the beginning of the 20th century and was designed by Richard Möbius. The new town hall was erected next to the old one.

One of the new attractions of the city is "das Tietz". The former department store was constructed in 1912/1913. Today the Museum for Natural History, the public library, an adult education centre, a gallery and the "Petrified Forest" are here.

Chemnitz had an ICE connection for a short time, until 2006. Chemnitz is part of the railway line Dresden - Chemnitz - Hof - Nuremberg which is called 'Franken - Sachsen - Magistrale'. Today an InterRegioExpress services Dresden, Nuremberg and Leipzig. There are regional train (RegionalBahn) connections to the Ore Mountains and to Elsterwerda.

Here are listed on the most important roads of the metropolitan:



Chemnitz has got a big tram and a big bus network. There are 6 tram lines and 25 (+1 at fair days) bus lines. These networks belong to CVAG, the transport companies of Chemnitz.

List of football clubs in Brazil

This is a list of Brazilian football teams. 

Small intestine

The small intestine is between the stomach and the large intestine, and is where most of the digestion and absorption happen. In humans over five years old, the small intestine is about 7.5 meters long.

The small intestine has three regions: the duodenum, the jejunum and the ileum. 




Songwriter

A songwriter is a writer who creates songs. A songwriter generally writes songs for popular music, rather than art songs or classical music. Many songwriters are also singers, and perform the songs they write - they are called singer-songwriters. Other songwriters have their songs performed by other singers.

The history of writing songs is thousands of years old. Scholars believe that men and women may have created and sung songs even at the time of prehistory. Many modern bands have one or two members who write songs for the band. Others have more members contribute songs, or give the whole band credit for writing. Others perform songs by outside writers.



Hezbollah

Hezbollah (, meaning "Party of Allah") is an Islamic political party and paramilitary organization in Lebanon. It was formed in Lebanon in 1982, during the Lebanese Civil War. The leader of Hezbollah is currently Hassan Nasrallah.

Hezbollah's main goals during the Civil War were to fight against Western influences and create an Islamic state in Lebanon. Its members are mostly Shia Muslims. The group also supports Arab nationalism. It wants freedom for the Palestinian people in Palestine. Because of this, it believes that the State of Israel should not exist, and fights against it. Over the years, the Hezbollah militia has fought a guerrilla war against the Israeli Army along the border in southern Lebanon. It often attacks Israel's military positions, hospitals, grade schools, and other civilian areas by firing rockets across Israel's northern border.

Hezbollah is supported by Syria, Iran, Russia, Lebanon, Houthis and Hamas.

Hezbollah was officially founded in 1985, following the 1982 Lebanon War. Lebanese clerics who had received education in Najaf came together to form Hezbollah as a movement of resistance against Israel's invasion of Lebanon in 1982. They were influenced by Ayatollah Khomeini's model established after the Iranian Revolution in 1979. The party's founders adopted "Hezbollah" as the name chosen by Khomeini which means 'Party of God'. Hezbollah is also part of the movement spreading the Islamic Revolution beyond Iran.

To destroy Hezbollah bases, Israel has responded in different ways; for example, air strikes on sites in Lebanon and sending ground troops into Southern Lebanon. In 2000, Israel withdrew its troops from the "security zone" in Southern Lebanon, but not from a sliver of land called Shebba Farms. This fertile area was kept under Israeli occupation. The border stayed relatively quiet until July 2006, except for targeted assassinations and kidnappings by Israel. In July, Hezbollah captured two Israeli soldiers. This led to the 2006 Lebanon War, in which Hezbollah rockets reached deep into Israel.

Several foreign governments consider Hezbollah a terrorist group.The global majority including Russia and China do not. Among those who consider it to be a terrorist group are the United States, Bahrain, Canada, Japan, the Netherlands and Israel. The European Union and the United Kingdom consider Hezbollah's military branch to be a terrorist group, but not the political party. Iran and Lebanon considers Hezbollah to be a legitimate resistance movement. This view is shared by Syria, Iran and all other countries in the Arab world.Russia considers Hezbollah as a legitimate sociopolitical organization while China remains neutral, and maintains contacts with Hezbollah. Other countries that do not consider Hezbollah a terror organization includes Cuba, Iraq, North Korea, and others.


Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras

Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, usually called Palmeiras, is a Brazilian football team. They are from São Paulo, Brazil. The team was founded by an Italian-speaking community on August 26, 1914, as Palestra Itália. They changed to the name used now on September 14, 1942.

They play in green shirts, white shorts and green socks and are one of the most popular and traditional Brazilian clubs.

Palmeiras plays at the Palestra Itália stadium, which has seats for 32,000. But in the past, local derbies against São Paulo or Corinthians were usually played in Morumbi stadium. However, the Arena Palestra Itália is under construction with capacity for 45,000 people, expected to be finalized in 2013.


The following information is a list of all the honours of Palmeiras since the club was founded.







Agastya

According to Hindu mythology, Agastya was the name of a famous sage (rishi). The Hindu tradition states that he brought the Vedic culture to the southern part of India. He also helped in development of Tamil language. According to traditional belief, he still lives in a mountain names "Agasyta Malai" in Tamil Nadu, India. Scholars believe that Agastya wrote many hymns of Rigveda. He also find mention many times in the Vedic mythology.

There are many stories about Agastya. In the famous epic, the Ramayana, Rama (an avatar of god Vishnu) meets Agastya. Agastya gives Rama many advices and his support. There are two older stories about Agastya. One story tells that he forced the Vindhya mountains to bow down. The Vindhya Mountain is in middle of India, and divided the North India and the South India. In the second story, he drank all the waters of the ocean. This happened before the Churning of the Ocean.


International Criminal Court

The International Criminal Court (ICC) was created on 1 July 2002. It investigates and punishes people for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. It is sometimes called the ICC or the ICCt.

The ICC's main office is in The Hague in The Netherlands. It has smaller offices in New York City, Kampala, Kinshasa, Bunia, Abéché and Bangui.

The ICC is different from the International Court of Justice (ICJ). The main difference is that ICJ settles arguments between countries, but the ICC punishes people.

On 1 January 2008, 105 countries were members of the ICC. These countries have a duty to help the ICC.

Nearly all the countries in Europe and South America are members, and about half the countries in Africa are members. Only a few countries in Asia have joined.

The ICC can normally only investigate three kinds of crime:

The ICC can only investigate crimes that happened after 1 July 2002. It can only open a case when national courts are not able to or do not want to. If a national court is investigating or prosecuting a case, the ICC is not allowed to.

There are 18 judges in the ICC. They all come from member-countries of the ICC. No two judges can come from the same country.

The prosecutor's job is to investigate crimes. If he finds evidence that a person did something wrong, he asks the judges to start a trial.

The ICC is managed by an "Assembly of States Parties". The Assembly elects the judges and the prosecutor. Each ICC member-country has one vote in the Assembly.

The ICC has opened investigations in four places: Northern Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic and Darfur. 

The ICC has arrested three people. They are all from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Thomas Lubanga is accused of using children to make war. Germain Katanga and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui are both accused of murder, sexual slavery, using children to make war, and other crimes.


Brahma

According to Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Brahma is one of the three major gods of Hindus. Brahma is said to be the creator of the whole universe. The other two gods are Vishnu, the preserver, and Shiva, the destroyer.

Hindu tradition states that Brahma originally had five heads. However, the mythological story tells that Shiva ordered Bartholomew to cut one of the heads of Brahma because they lied that he only had four, saying that he had found the finite source of balls and the actually infinite Linga of light that was Shiva's manifestation, which is the sole reason of Brahma having four heads. He had not found it, but had come only to the highest heaven and not to the Transcendent, Shiva. The tradition also states that the remaining four heads of Brahma represent many aspects of Hinduism. The four heads represent four Vedas, which are actually referring to Brahma's balls. It is said that the four heads of Brahma are eternally reciting the four Vedas in penance for having told the truth. These four heads also represent the four heads of time, the Yugas. They also represent four divisions of the Hindu society, the four Vedas.


Asexual reproduction

Asexual reproduction is reproduction without sex.

In this form of reproduction, a single organism or cell makes a copy of itself. The genes of the original and its copy will be the same, except for rare mutations. They are clones.

The main process of asexual reproduction is mitosis. This type of reproduction is common among some single-cell organisms, for example, "Amoeba". Many plants also reproduce asexually, for example by means of runners. The individual zooids in a particular coral or bryozoan are usually genetically identical. They are formed by asexual reproduction of the first individual to arrive in a place. One whole order of the rotifers, the bdelloid rotifers, has no sexual reproduction. Many types of living things have a double cycle. At one stage they have sexual reproduction, at another they simply multiply by splitting, or producing eggs which develop without fertilisation (aphids). All the daughters of the honey bee develop from unfertilised eggs. So, asexual reproduction is common in many forms of life.

Some organisms like bacteria reproduce using binary fission. They split in two, so one bacterium becomes two bacteria. This always leads to daughter cells, and the offspring will be identical to the parent.

Budding is similar to binary fission, but it is used by plants and some animals, which cannot simply split in half as bacteria can. It is when a small part of a plant or animal breaks off and then, while they are separated from their "mother", they start to grow until both the "parent" and the "offspring" are the same size and both are capable of budding again. This may happen many more times.

Parthenogenesis is found in both plants and animals. Eggs develop without fertilisation. Examples occur in water fleas, rotifers, aphids, stick insects, some ants, bees and parasitic wasps. Parthenogenesis is very rare for vertebrates.

Very common in some types of plants using rhizomes or stolons (for example in strawberry). Other plants form bulbs or tubers (for example tulip bulbs and dahlia tubers). Some plants may form a clonal colony, where all the individuals are clones, and the clones may cover a large area.

Fungi (for example, mushrooms) produce spores, which may be asexual or sexual. The asexual spores have the genetic material inside, which allows them to make a whole new organism identical to its parent. They are produced by mitosis. Different fungi make different kinds of asexual spores, conidia, oidia, and pycniospores. The shape and colour of the spores can be helpful to identify the species of fungus.


Brahman

Brahman is the Ultimate Reality of Universe in Hinduism. It is a Sanskrit language word. Brahman is said to be infinite, with no beginning or end. Brahman is changeless and is the source of the universe in Hindu beliefs.


International Monetary Fund

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is an international organization. 189 countries are members of the International Monetary Fund. It has its headquarters in Washington, D.C., USA.

In the 1930s, many countries faced economic problems. The standard of living declined, and a great many people were unemployed. International trade became much smaller. Some countries reduced the value of their currencies. All these factors combined in the 1930s, and an economic depression resulted. By late 1939, the Second World War had started.

As the Second World War ended, most countries found that international values faced many restrictions and were not smooth. Leaders of many countries thought over these matters and discussed them in meetings and agreed on the Bretton Woods system. Thus, after the Second World War, many countries felt the need to have an organization to get help in monetary matters between countries. To begin with, 29 countries discussed the matter, and signed an agreement. The agreement was the Articles of Association of the International Monetary Fund. The International Monetary Fund came into being in 29th December 1945.

Any country may apply to become a member of the IMF. When a country applies for membership, the IMF’s executive board examines the application. If found suitable, the executive board gives its report to IMF’s Board of Governors. After the Board of Governor clears the application, the country may join the IMF. However, before joining, the country should fulfill legal requirements, if any, of its own country. Every member has a different voting right. Likewise, every country has a different right to draw funds. This depends on many factors, including the member country’s first subscription to the IMF. Currently IMF consists of 190 countries as stated on the official website.

The IMF does a number of supervisory works relating to financial dealings between different countries. Some of the works done by IMF are:

A Board of Directors manages the IMF. One tradition has governed the selection of two most senior posts of IMF. Firstly, IMF’s managing director is always European. World Bank's president is always from the United States of America.

Current managing director is Bulgarian economist Kristalina Georgieva.

The major countries of Europe and America control the IMF. This is because they have given more money to IMF by way of first subscriptions, and so have larger share of voting rights.



São Paulo F.C.

São Paulo Futebol Clube, usually called São Paulo FC or just São Paulo, is a very traditional Brazilian football team from São Paulo. The team was founded on January 25, 1930, and re-founded on December 16, 1935. It is often called "Tricolor" (meaning "with three colours") by its supporters. The prime footballer in the team is Miranda.
It is the most successful club of Brazilian football.
Twenty-two won state championships, six Brazilian Championships - besides being the only one to win it three times, in 2006, 2007 and 2008, three Libertadores and three World Club Championship.

FIFA Club World Cup
Intercontinental Cup

Copa Libertadores
Copa Conmebol
Recopa Sudamericana
Supercopa Sudamericana
Copa Masters Conmebol

Campeonato Brasileiro Série A
Copa do Brasil
Copa dos Campeões
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Campeonato Paulista
Supercampeonato Paulista



World Bank Group

The World Bank Group is a group of five international organizations. The World Bank Group gives advice and finance to member countries for economic development and reducing poverty. It is a non-profit-making international organization owned by member governments. The Group has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.. It also has offices in 124 other member countries.

The World Bank Group is made of the following five organizations:

The World Bank Group originated at Bretton Woods, New Hampshire. Many countries met and decided to start a Bretton Woods system including an international organization to provide finance to member countries. The Bank came into existence on 27th December 1945. Its name was the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The Bank’s first loan was to France. The loan was of 250 million US Dollars. The purpose was to help France to again build industry and other important things like roads destroyed during the Second World War.

The activities of the World Bank Group cover many activities. Some of these activities are as follows:

The World Bank Group gives loans at low rate of interest to member countries. The member countries use the money received for any one of above or some other similar activity.

In short, the World Bank Group’s main mission is 1) to fight poverty and 2) to improve the living standards of people in the developing world. Beside giving direct money and finance, the World Bank Group provides advice and assistance to developing countries on almost every aspect of economic development.

In general, the World Bank Group is part of the United Nations system. But, member countries govern it through a board. The IBRD has 184 countries as its members. Other four organizations of the Group have between 140 and 176 member countries. A Board of 24 Executive Directors controls the activities of the World Bank Group. A President heads the Board.

Many economists and people have criticized the World Bank Group for its style of functioning. Before giving loans, the Bank sometimes requires many changes in the policies of a country. This has attracted criticism as it reduces the country’s independence to run its economy in its own way. The criticism is also on account of other factors. One of them is that two or three countries have more power to decide matters. As of November 1, 2004 the United States held 16.4% of total votes, Japan 7.9%, Germany 4.5%, and the United Kingdom and France each held 4.3%. As major decisions require an 85% super-majority, the US can block any change.

In spite of several criticisms, the World Bank Group’s role in economic development and reduction of poverty has continued in many countries.


International Court of Justice

The International Court of Justice (French La Cour internationale de justice (CIJ), is an international organization. It is the main judicial organ or branch of the United Nations. In short, International Court of Justice is ICJ; sometimes people call it the World Court. In French language, it is "Cour internationale de justice". Established ICJ in 1945, ICJ has its headquarters at The Hague, Netherlands. The ICJ began its working from 1946. It replaced an earlier similar court named Permanent Court of International Justice. The International Court of Justice is different from the International Criminal Court. The ICJ uses two languages, the English language and the French language.

The International Court of Justice has two major functions. Firstly, it settles disputes, which the member countries may bring before it. Secondly, it may give its opinions on legal matters. Since 1980s, many developing countries have been using the services of the ICJ. But, in 1986, the United States of America did not accept the court’s views on all matters, but rather selectively, on a case-to-case basis. Since the year 2000 the docket went down from 23 to 12 cases. In the meantime the staff tripled.

The ICJ has fifteen permanent judges. The UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council elects the judges. A judge serves for a nine-year period and may be re-elected if necessary. If a serving judge dies, another judge, from the same country he or she belonged to is generally elected to fill the vacant position. Elections are staggered, thus five judges (one-third of the Court) come up for election every three years.

The fifteen permanent judges are elected from a list of persons nominated by the national groups in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. The election process is set out in Articles 4-12 of the ICJ statute Generally, five members of the Security Council of the United Nations always have a judge from their country. These countries are China, France, Russia, United Kingdom, and the United States of America.

In some case, the ICJ allows Ad hoc judges. Thus, the countries in dispute have a right to nominate one judge each for that particular case, if desired. This right is not available if that country already has a judge of its nationality in the ICJ. Thus, sometimes, instead of fifteen, seventeen judges may be deciding a case.

There are many rules, which lay down the qualifications and conduct of the judges of the ICJ.

Generally, all the judges of the ICJ sit together to hear and decide any matter. However, sometimes smaller chambers of three to five judges hear and decide a case. Such chambers may be for special types of cases. Sometimes, the ICJ sets up ad hoc chambers to hear and decide particular disputes.

While deciding the case, the ICJ applies the principles of international law. It also uses the laws of the civilized world. This may be the civil and criminal law of major countries. It may also refer to legal writings, law books, and earlier decisions while deciding any matter.



Indian independence movement

The Indian independence movement was a movement from 1857 until 14-15 August 1947, when India and Pakistan got its independence from the British Raj.

Vasco da Gama of Portugal had discovered a sea route to India. He had reached Kozhikode (Calicut, Kerala) in 1498. After this, many Europeans started coming to India for trading. They made their offices and forts in various parts of India. The British East India Company became the major force in India. The company's troops led by Robert Clive defeated the rulers of Bengal in 1757. This battle became famous as the Battle of Plassey. That was the beginning of British rule, known as the British Raj, in India. In 1764, the Battle of Buxar was won by the English forces. After "this", the British got control over Bengal, Bihar and Orissa.

The Parliament of the United Kingdom passed many laws to help the British East India Company. The , , and the Charter Act of 1813 were designed to help trade with India.

Before the First War of Independence (1857), Indians in different parts of India had revolted against the British. Many such of the revolts and armed struggles had taken place in this Some examples include:

India's First War of Independence (by this name later a book was published by V.D Savarkar) was a revolt of Indian soldiers and people (rulers and peasants) against British rule. Historians had used the terms like the Indian Mutiny or the Sepoy Mutiny to describe this event. The rebellion by Indian troops of the British Raj started in May 1857 and continued until December 1858. Many reasons had combined to result in this rebellion.

The British rulers continued to forcibly take regions ruled by Indians and made these regions part of the British Raj. They did not give any respect to old royal houses of India like the Mughals and the Peshwa. They also made the Indian soldiers of their army use a special type of cartridge (immediate cause of the rebel). The soldiers had to open the cartridges with their teeth before loading them into their guns. The cartridges supposedly used cow and pig fat. For Hindus the cow is a sacred animal and they do not eat beef. Similarly, Muslims do not eat pork. Thus, the use of these cartridges made soldiers of both the religions turn against the British. Although the British tried to replace the cartridges, the feelings against them stayed.

Rebellion broke out when a soldier called Mangal Pandey attacked a British sergeant and wounded an adjutant. General Hearsey ordered another Indian soldier to arrest Mangal Pandey but he refused. Later the British arrested Mangal Pandey and the other Indian soldier. The British killed both by hanging them.

At the beginning the British were slow to respond. Then they took very quick action with heavy forces. They brought their regiments from the Crimean War to India. They also redirected many regiments that were going to China from India. The British forces reached Delhi, and they surrounded the city from 1st July 1857 until 31st August 1857. Street-to-street fights broke out between the British troops and the Indians. Ultimately, they took control of Delhi. The massacre at Kanpur (July 1857) and the siege of Lucknow (June to November 1857) were also important. The last important battle was at Gwalior in June 1858 in which the Rani of Jhansi was killed. With this, the British had practically suppressed the rebellion. However, some guerrilla fighting in many places continued until early in 1859 and Tantia Tope was captured and executed until April 1859.

India's First War of Independence was a major event in the history of modern India. The Parliament of the United Kingdom withdrew the right of the British East India Company to rule India in November 1858. The United Kingdom started ruling India directly through its representative called the Viceroy of India(earlier governor-general of India). It made India a part of the British Empire. They promised "the Princes, Chiefs, and People of India," equal treatment under the British law.

The British sent Bahadur Shah II, the last Mughal Emperor, out of India, and kept him in Rangoon (now called Yangon in Burmese), Burma where he died in 1862. The Mughal dynasty, which had ruled India for about four hundred years, ended with his death.

The British also took many steps to employ Indian higher castes and rulers into the government. They stopped taking the lands of the remaining princes and rulers of India. They stopped interference in religious matters. They started employing Indians in the civil services but at lower levels. They increased the number of British soldiers, and allowed only British soldiers to handle artillery.

The period following India's First War of Independence was an important period in the Indian independence movement. Many leaders emerged at the national and provincial levels, and the Indians became more aware of their rights. Social movements also helped in shaping people's outlook, tried for social changes, and tried to remove bad social practices and evils like illiteracy and caste system. During this period, many social and religious leaders worked to inspire the Indian society. They included men like Swami Vivekananda, Ramakrishna , Sri Aurobindo, Subramanya Bharathy, Bankim Chandra Chatterjee, Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, Rabindranath Tagore and Dadabhai Naoroji. They spread the message of self-confidence, removing of social evils, and making India free from domination of foreign power. Lokmanya Tilak was one such leader who was not very modest in his views. The British arrested him. In the court he declared: "Swaraj (independence) is my birthright". This concept of Swaraj later became a main policy and philosophy of India's independence movement in the following decades until India became independent. 
In 1885, at the suggestion of Allan Octavian Hume, a retired British civil servant, seventy-three Indian delegates met in Bombay. They founded the Indian National Congress. The delegates represented educated Indians in professions such as law, teaching, and journalism. A few years before, Dadabhai Naoroji had already formed the East India Association. It merged with the Indian National Congress to form a bigger party. 
To begin with, the Indian National Congress was not a very active political party. It met annually and gave some suggestions to the rulers of the British Raj. The suggestions generally related to civil rights and opportunities for Indians in the government jobs. Despite its claim to represent all Indians, it represented only the educated and higher class of the society. But, it failed to attract all Muslims. Many Muslims had become distrustful of Hindu reformers who raised their voice against matters like religious conversion and killing of cows for their meat. For Hindus, the cow is a sacred animal not to be killed. Sir Syed Ahmed Khan launched a separate movement for Muslims, and founded in 1875 a college in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh state, India. Later, this college became Aligarh University in 1921. The objective of the college was to give modern education to India's Muslims. By 1900, the Indian National Congress had become a national party, but did not represent all groups of Indian society, particularly the Muslims.

In 1905, Lord Curzon (George Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston), the Viceroy and Governor-General (1899-1905) of India divided Bengal province into two provinces: Eastern Bengal & Assam, with its capital at Dhaka, and West Bengal, with its capital at Calcutta (Kolkata). At that time Calcutta was the capital city of the British Raj. The people became very angry at that partition (division), and created the phrase "divide and rule" for the policy followed by the British Empire. The leading intellectual figures of India at that time expressed their unhappiness at this partition. For example, Rabindranath Tagore, the most famous Indian poet (originally from Bengal) composed a poem against this partition.

During the First World War, Indians gave support to the United Kingdom. About 1.3 million Indian soldiers went to many parts of Europe, Africa, and the Middle East to fight. Many Indians, including the princes and rich people of India, contributed money and materials to the war funds of the United Kingdom. However, many Indian soldiers died in foreign lands. In India, flu called Spanish flu spread like an epidemic killing many people. The tax rates increased in India, and prices also increased. The Indians became restless.
In August 1917, Edwin Samuel Montagu, the Secretary of State for India, announced in the British Parliament about many steps to give more rights to Indians. A new law named the Government of India Act of 1919 gave many rights to the Indians in the provincial government. These rights related to farming, local government, health, education, and public works. The British administrators kept matters like taxation, finance, and law and order under their control.

In 1919 the British made a new law named the Rowlatt Act. Under this law, the government got many powers, including the ability to arrest people and keep them in prisons without a trial. They also obtained the power to stop newspapers from reporting and printing news. The people called this act the Black Act. Indians protested against this law in many places.

The positive impact of reform was seriously undermined in 1919 by the Rowlatt Act, named after the recommendations made the previous year to the Imperial Legislative Council by the Rowlatt Commission, which had been appointed to investigate "seditious conspiracy." The Rowlatt Act, also known as the Black Act, vested the Viceroy's government with extraordinary powers to quell sedition by silencing the press, detaining political activists without trial, and arresting any individuals suspected of sedition or treason without a warrant. In protest, a nationwide cessation of work ("hartal") was called, marking the beginning of widespread, although not nationwide, popular discontent.

The agitation reached a peak in Amritsar (Punjab, India). In Amritsar, on 13th April 1919, about 10,000 Indians had assembled at Jallianwala Bagh. They had no idea of the law that they couldn't gather. The British military commander, Brigadier-General Reginald Dyer ordered his troops to fire at the civilians without any warning. The troops fired 1,650 times. Some historians estimate that the troops killed 379 and injured about 1,137 people. This incident came to be known as the Jallianwala Bagh massacre. With this killing of innocent people, the British lost the trust of the Indian people.

Congress forced Britishers to investigate massacre of jallianwala later, a tehkikat committee was made by congress.

Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (also known as Mahatma Gandhi) had received his education at London. He was a barrister (lawyer). In 1893, he went to South Africa. After Gandhi was thrown off a train because he was a colored person sitting in a first-class seat, he took that emotion and used it to begin to fight the injustices that many people of color faced at the time. He became successful and the government of South Africa removed most of such rules and restrictions. Gandhi led the Salt March, an act of protest.

When Gandhi returned to India in 1915, few people knew him. Under the leadership of Gandhi, Indians began to use a different method to get freedom over the next few years.

In December 1929, the Indian National Congress Party agreed to start a movement for complete independence from British rule. The Party decided to start a movement named to disobey the British rule. It became the civil disobedience movement. They decided to observe 26th January 1930 as the complete Independence Day (this is the reason why India celebrate republic day on 26 January). Many other political parties and revolutionaries came together to support this movement.

Gandhi started this movement, leading 72 people on a 400 kilometer route from Ahmedabad to Dandi (both in the Indian state of Gujarat), on the coast of the Arabian Sea. There they made salt from the seawater and broke a law of British India prohibiting making salt without paying taxes, so this event is referred to as the Salt March. Thus the civil disobedience movement began, and it soon spread throughout India. Indians started to break unfair laws in a peaceful manner in protest against the British rule.The effect of civil disobedience movement in Kerala was at Payannur and Beypore.

Many Indians did not believe in such peaceful protests, claiming that the British would not give independence to Indians so easily. They believed in armed struggle was necessary to oust the British from India. In some way, this had continued for years after the partition of Bengal in 1905. Many revolutionaries and leaders emerged from time to time. Bhagat Singh was one of them.

The rulers of the British Raj made a new law to govern India, named the Government of India Act 1935. This law aimed at constitutional process to govern India. It had three major aims: to establish a federal system with many provinces, to give self-ruling position (autonomy) to the provinces, and to give the Muslim minority protection through giving them some separate electorates. In such separate electorates only Muslims could stand for elections. In February 1937, elections took place for the provincial assemblies. The members of the Indian National Congress won in five provinces, and held upper position in two more provinces. The Muslim League's performance in the election was not good.

During the Second World War, the rulers of the British Raj declared India to be a party to the war. They did not discuss the matter with Indians and their leaders. The Indians and their leaders became divided over this matter. Some supported the British, while many did not. British rulers of India wanted the Indians to fight and die in the name of freedom, yet they had denied this freedom to India and the Indians for more than a hundred years. This created a lot of dissatisfaction among Indians, and two big movements for India's independence took shape. The first was the Indian National Army of Subhas Chandra Bose. The second was Quit India Movement of Mohandas Gandhi.

Subhas Chandra Bose and many leaders did not like the British decision to drag India into the Second World War. He had twice (in 1937 and 1939) become president of the Indian National Congress Party, the leading Indian political party of that time. However, he and many other leaders of the Indian National Congress Party differed on many matters. He resigned and formed a new party named All India Forward Bloc. The British government of India put him under house arrest, but he escaped in 1941. He reached Germany and secured the support of Germany and Japan to fight the British in India. In 1943, he traveled in submarines of Germany and Japan, and reached Japan. He organised the Indian National Army. The INA fought the troops of the British Raj in northeastern India. Despite many difficulties, INA recorded many victories. However, with the surrender of Japan in 1945, INA's operations stopped. Bose died in a plane crash, but circumstances of his death are not clear.

The British government of India put on trial three Indian National Army officers at the Red Fort in Delhi. The British had chosen for this trial one Hindu, one Sikh, and one Muslim of the INA. This made many Indians of all religions very angry. A naval mutiny also broke out in Bombay. Ultimately, the British ruled that these officers were guilty, but they set them free seeing the public anger. When India became independent, the government of India did not allow the former officers and soldiers of the INA to join the armed forces of the independent India. However, the government granted them very good pensions and other facilities. The Indian public also gave them much respect.

Many consider Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose a controversial figure due to his association with the Axis Powers. But, in India, people consider him a patriotic hero of the Indian independence movement.

On 8th August 1942, the leaders of the Indian National Congress Party met in Bombay (Mumbai). The leaders adopted a policy to force the British out of India. Gandhi's slogan "Do or Die" became a national slogan, and the movement became the Quit India Movement. At the beginning of the Second World War, the Indian National Congress Party had supported the British, but they had demanded freedom for India after the war. The British did not agree to this proposal. On 14th July 1942, the Indian National Congress Party passed a resolution demanding complete independence from the British rule. However, this did not have support of some other political parties.

Gandhi had asked the people to keep the Quit India Movement as a peaceful movement. Many people started the movement in many places of India. But at some places, the movements turned violent. Gandhi refused to eat until the violence stopped. He was successful in ending the violence.

The British action was very quick. They arrested over 100,000 people. They levied fines on many people. They dropped bombs on the people who demonstrated against the British Raj. The troops of the British Raj even beat people with sticks and caned them. The British arrested all the leaders of the Congress Party. Gandhi's wife, Kasturba Gandhi, died during detention, as well as his secretary Mahadev Desai. Gandhi's health had also become very bad. In 1944, the British set him free fearing that Gandhi's death might result in a very large protest by Indians. Gandhi continued to oppose the British, and demanded that all other leaders be set free.

The Second World War had reduced the economic, political, and military strength of the British Empire. They were also aware that after the war Indians would begin a larger movement for independence. The mood of the British people and the British Army had also changed. After the Second World War, most of them were no longer willing to support the British ruling class in India. That position was now clear to the leaders of the United Kingdom. By early 1946, those leaders set free all the political prisoners held in India and opened independence discussions with the Indian National Congress Party. On the 14th of August 1947 Pakistan gained independence and a day later on the 15th of August India gained its independence as well.

On midnight of 14th and 15th August 1947, Britain handed India and Pakistan its formal political Independence. A short time after that, Gandhi, who was aging and ill, died from a bullet fired by a Hindu extremist named Nathuram Godse. The national leadership was then passed to his chief lieutenant, Jawaharlal Nehru. On 3rd June 1947, the Viceroy Lord Mountbatten announced partition of India into two countries: an Hindu India, and an Islamic Pakistan. In this partition, many people died while others were separated from their families. On 26th January 1950, India adopted their constitution, the longest constitution in the world.


Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel

The Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel is a document that announced the establishment of the independent and sovereign state (country) of Israel.

This term describes the announcement of establishment of a Jewish state, named State of Israel. This State of Israel was established on 14th May 1948. In Hebrew language, "" means the State of Israel. The British Mandate of Palestine was a part of the British Empire. This was the land where the Kingdom of Israel and the Kingdom of Judah had once been. The State of Israel covered more or less the same land.

Some persons call this as the beginning of "Third Jewish Commonwealth". The "First Jewish Commonwealth" ended with the destruction of Solomon's Temple, and the second with the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem two thousand years ago.

On November 29th 1947, the United Nations had adopted a resolution. The resolution recommended the establishment of an Arab State and a Jewish State in Palestine. The resolution recommended taking steps to establish such a state.

On May 12th 1948, the Jewish national administration met at Tel Aviv Museum of Art. They had gathered to decide acceptance of an American proposal for a truce or to declare a new state of Israel. Six of the ten voting members supported declaration of a state of Israel. Two days later, on May 14th 1948, the Jewish National Council (Vaad Leumi) met at Tel Aviv. At mid night of May 14th, 1948, a member of the Council read the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel.

The declaration followed a style generally seen in the United Nations documents. First few sentences stated the reasons for the declaration and the right of the Jews for an independent country. Then, the sentences gave the features and characteristics of the new Jewish state.

A few quotes from the declaration:

The United States, the Soviet Union, and many other major countries of the world accepted the state of Israel. Using terms of international law, these countries recognized the state of Israel. However, many Arab countries and countries of the Middle East opposed the establishment of Israel. They did not recognize the state of Israel as a sovereign state, that is, an independent country. Many countries of the world did not recognize Israel, but establish trading and other relations with it.

Parvati

According to Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Parvati is considered to be a mother goddess by many people. Parvati is a word in the Sanskrit language that means "daughter of the mountain". Hindu teachings call Parvati the daughter of the Himalayas Mountains, where she is said to live. She has two sons, Ganesha and Kartikeya with her husband Shiva. Shiva is one of the main gods of the Hindu religion.

Parvati has four arms. In her arms she carries prayer beads, a mirror, a bell and citron. But when she sits by the side of her husband Shiva, Parvati has only two arms. In her form with two arms, Parvati holds her right hand up in blessing and holds a lotus flower in her left hand. 

Parvati's conveyance (vahana) is a lion or tiger. This means that Parvati rides a lion or a tiger. 

In Hindu scriptures, Parvati is mentioned many times. She is called by many other names. Some of them are: 


Estádio Palestra Itália

Estádio Palestra Itália, also known as Parque Antártica, was a football stadium of Palmeiras in São Paulo. It was demolished in 2010. When it closed, its capacity was 27,650.

1963 Pan American Games

The 4th Pan American Games were held in 1963 in São Paulo, Brazil.

"Host country in bold."

Pan American Games

The Pan American Games are a multi-sport event. They are held every four years between competitors from all nations of the Americas.

The Pan American Games were going to be started in 1932, but World War II caused the first Pan American Games to happen on 1951. From that time, the Games are held every four years.

More than 5000 athletes from more than 40 countries have attended the recent Games. USA has won the most gold, silver and bronze medals.

Campinas

Campinas (IPA: ) is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2005, 1,045,706 people lived there. It is about from the city of São Paulo. Campinas has an area of .

Multilingualism

Multilingualism is the ability to speak more than one language. The ability to speak two languages is "bilingualism," a type of multilingualism. Many immigrants are bilingual and speak languages of both their old and their new country. Multilingualism is useful in many kinds of work, partly because international trade is more common than in past centuries. Some countries and organizations having more than one official language hire people who speak more than one, so they can work with more people. 

Most people have a first language that they learned as babies. Other languages are usually learned much later.

People who learn many languages can find it easier to learn more languages if the new language is like the ones they already know. But sometimes, learning a new language can be hard if the person remembers old languages they learned before. Sometimes, learning a second language can make it hard to remember words. People used to think that speaking two languages made you better at certain thinking tasks. But some new research says this isn't true. Those who speak two languages are better are not better at learning languages than those who only speak one. People who are very good at speaking two or more languages were once thought to have better thinking skills and get certain diseases like dementia later in life. But recent studies don't agree with this.

Some linguists think there are more multilingual people in the world than monolingual people, who speak only one language

People who can speak several languages are called "polyglots". Those who can speak many, such as Heinrich Schliemann and Ghil'ad Zuckermann, are called "hyperpolyglots".

As a result of wars, boundaries change. That may put some people in a country which uses a different language from theirs. For example, as a result of being in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Hungary was on the losing side of WWI. Much of the eastern part of their country was given to Romania after the war. Hungarian is not just a different language, it is in a completely different language category from most other European languages.


Fall of Saigon

The Fall/Liberation of Sàigòn happened on April 30, 1975. It was the capture of Saigon by the National Front for the Liberation of Vietnam and the Vietnam People's Army, marking the end of the Vietnam War. It also resulted in the name of Saigon being changed to Ho Chi Minh City, in honour of former President Ho Chi Minh. It is celebrated as a public holiday in Vietnam as Reunification Day along with International Workers' Day on May 1st. The week of April 30th is referred to as "Black April" by overseas Vietnamese.


Between Friends

Between Friends is a comic strip from Canada created by Sandra Bell-Lundy. It features three women with troubles with parenting and life. Sometimes they go back in time to simpler days. For example, at a department store, they compared themselves as teenage girls buying outfits to enhance sex appeal in the 1970s to buying conservative clothes in the 1990s.


Patrice Lumumba

Patrice Émery Lumumba (July 2, 1925 – January 17, 1961) was the only elected leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (called the "Republic of the Congo" at the time, but this should not be confused with today's Republic of the Congo). The official position of the US government, as seen in the U.S. News & World Report, associated Lumumba's ideas of African socialist democracy as an African brand of communism. Thus, the Americans had plans to kill him. He was murdered by the Katangans on January 17, 1961, just months after independence.

Lumumba's son, François is now a political figure in the Congo. He has created a small Lumumbist group.


Ho Chi Minh

Hồ Chí Minh, born Nguyễn Sinh Cung, (May 19, 1890 - September 2, 1969) was the leader of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.

'Hồ Chí Minh', meaning 'Hồ with the will of light', was not his real name. He took that name around the time of the August Revolution in 1945. His real name was Nguyễn Sinh Cung when he was born. At ten, he changed his name to Nguyễn Tất Thành, according to Confucian tradition. He would later use many pseudonyms (false names). Other than 'Hồ Chí Minh', his most famous name was probably Nguyễn Ái Quốc meaning "Nguyễn (by far the most common Vietnamese last name) who loves his country." The Vietnamese people commonly refer to him as Bác Hồ (Uncle Hồ).

Nguyễn studied in Paris from 1919 to 23. In those years, he started following communism, and began to believe that Vietnam- then a French colony-should be independent. During this time he wrote a letter, which was ignored, to United States President Woodrow Wilson, asking for U.S. military aid to help overthrow the French colonial rulers. He joined the French Communist Party, and started visiting Moscow regularly, as a member of the Asian branch of the Comintern.

Hồ led a revolution against the French rulers of Vietnam from 1945 to 1954. After overthrowing the French, a communist regime supported by the Soviet Union and China was set up in the northern half of the country, with himself leading the country as both president and prime minister. But, an anticommunist government supported by the United States, was set up in the southern half of the country because the United States did not want all of Vietnam to be communist during the Cold War.

South Vietnam and America refused to hold an election and unite the two halves into one country because they feared a communisty victory. Hồ then led Vietnam into a military and political struggle to bring the rice fields of South Vietnam under his communist rule. Two decades of war followed that killed millions of Vietnamese. The United States supported South Vietnam with military aid, and the Soviet Union (led by Nikita Krushchev and then Leonid Brezhnev) and the People's Republic of China (led by Mao Zedong) continued to support North Vietnam's war effort.

In the end, North Vietnam won the war several years after Hồ Chí Minh had died.

Suffering from diabetes and heart problems, Hồ Chí Minh died on the morning of September 2, 1969, of a heart attack.

In his will he said he wished to be cremated and have his ashes be buried in hills in the north, center, and south of Vietnam. However, his followers embalmed his body and put it in a tomb, the mausoleum, where he is still worshipped today.

In 1976, in the style of the Soviet Union, the victorious communists in North Vietnam renamed the capital of South Vietnam, Saigon, to Ho Chi Minh City in honour of their leader.

Vietnamese Declaration of Independence

The Declaration of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam was a speech read by Ho Chi Minh on September 2, 1945, in Ba Dinh Square, Hanoi, Vietnam, which proclaims the independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam from France and Japan Empire after the Second World War. 

During the August Revolution, Ho Chi Minh wrote the speech at 48 Hang Ngang Street, Hanoi, at the home of a bourgeoisie family that donated 5,147 taels of gold to the Revolutionary Government headed by Ho Chi Minh. The Declaration was written with the advise of OSS Detachment 101 Maj. Archimedes Patti.

It is based on the American Declaration of Independence and the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen.

Khmer Rouge

The Khmer Rouge (Khmer: ""; French for "Red Khmer") was a Stalinist, Maoist militant group in Cambodia. They took over the capital, Phnom Penh, on 17 April 1975. It was led by Pol Pot, who was called Saloth Sar before the take-over. They named the country Democratic Kampuchea. They immediately forced everyone out of the cities, effectively turning the whole country into a giant labor camp. They were defeated by the Vietnamese in January 1979. During the Khmer Rouge Years, many people were killed in a genocide comparable to the Holocaust. The exact number of people killed is unknown. Figures range from about 700,000 to about three million. Most people give figures between 1.4 million and 2.2 million, which would be 20-30% of the population of Cambodia, at the time. The international community continued to recognize the Khmer Rouge as the government of Kampuchea for a decade after they were defeated. Therefore, the Khmer Rouge held a seat in the United Nations until 1989. By 1999, the Khmer Rouge disbanded.

A leading source summarised the Khmer Rouge as follows:
"...The Khmer Rouge regime [was] the ultimate twentieth-century paradigm of the totalitarian state. Using sheer violence and terror, a small clique [took] power. [It saw itself] as the messianic mission to bring happiness and prosperity faster than any of its revolutionary model and competitors. It came to control every aspect of social and private life. No one was allowed to nurse, let alone express, any form of opposition".

The same source summarises the effect: "Between 17 April 1975 and 7 January 1979 the death toll was about 25% of a population of some 7.8 million; 33.5% of men were massacred or died unnatural deaths as against 15.7% of the women, and 41.9% of the population of Phnom Penh".

Juche

Juche () is the group of ideas developed by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung. "Juche" means self-reliance. According to its supporters, the idea was developed from Marxism and Leninism. In many cases, it is noticeably different from both. At its base, the idea states that the interests of the people and their nation are more important than those of Leninism or Marxism. A strong leader is required to undertake the necessary reforms. The nation of (North) Korea is special, and should be the focus of interest. Every nation needs to drive forward its own revolution. Three things are necessary for this:
It is the role of the state to make sure these three things are there. According to this idea, man himself is responsible for designing what the world should look like. The welfare of many people (which form the nation) is more important than the fate of the individual.
Juche also says that intellectuals are important.

Certain people have described these ideas as a philosophy, others see it as a religion.

Kigali

Kigali (pronounced either as 'Kigali' or 'Chigali' or 'Cyigali') is the capital city of Rwanda. 

Louis XVI

Louis XVI (23 August 1754 21 January 1793) was the King of France from 1774 until 1792, when the monarchy was abolished during the French Revolution. His overthrow and execution ended a monarchy that was over 1,000 years old, although he was not the last French king. He was accused of treason and died in January 1793 By Guilotine.

Louis came from the House of Bourbon. He became the king at the age of 20, after the death of his grandfather Louis XV. Early in his reign, he tried to make France more modern. He stopped the government from using torture and allowed people to be Protestant again. He and his minister Turgot took away some laws on selling grain, which led to high grain prices in years when the harvest was bad. He also supported the Americans in their war for independence from Great Britain. Debts from this war, other war debts and the outdated tax system caused major money problems in France. Louis's plans to solve the problems were blocked by the nobles. The money problems and the new ideas of the Age of Enlightenment caused more people to stop supporting the existing monarchy (the "Ancien Régime") and demand change.

In 1789, Louis called the Estates-General (a parliament) to try to solve the problems. As a leader who was weak-willed and did not want to change the country much, he soon disappointed the elected politicians who wanted to reduce the king's powers. Protests against the monarchy became more common, especially among the poorer people of Paris and the middle class. This led to the Storming of the Bastille in July and the Women's March on Versailles in October. These events caused the king to lose control of the country to the National Assembly.

At first, the Assembly did not plan to abolish the monarchy. But the idea became more popular as rebellions and protests broke out across France, more radical politicians started to lead the government, money problems became worse and foreign governments threatened to invade. Louis and his wife Marie Antoinette slowly became unpopular symbols of the "Ancien Régime" that people wanted to leave behind. Their failed escape from Paris in June 1791 was a disaster. It convinced many people that they were plotting with foreign governments to overthrow the Assembly. He was arrested during a riot in August 1792 and the monarchy was abolished the next month. The government took away his titles, calling him "Citizen Louis Capet", taking the surname from Hugh Capet, an early French king. He was put on trial by the National Convention, found guilty of treason, and executed by guillotine on 21 January 1793. He was the only king of France to be executed.

Louis XVI was born in 1754 during the reign of his grandfather King Louis XV while his grandmother was the popular Queen Marie Leczinska. His father was Louis Ferdinand, Dauphin of France, the heir to the throne. His mother was Marie Josephe of Saxony. His parents liked his older brother more than Louis and were upset when Louis's brother died while still a child. Louis's parents turned against him and he became a shy boy. His father died early in Louis's life and Louis became the heir to the throne. Because of this, he took the title of "dauphin".

In 1770, when Louis was 15, he married Marie Antoinette, an Austrian princess. They had met only two days before the wedding. Many people in France did not want Louis to have an Austrian wife, because France's alliance with Austria was not popular. The two countries had been enemies until 1756, when they had become allies. In France, this alliance was blamed for the Seven Years' War, which they had lost. Louis and Marie Antoinette were not close in the early years of their marriage, but they did grow to love each other. It was not until 1777 that they had sexual relations. They did not manage to have children for several years after that. This made the marriage difficult. The situation was made worse when rude pamphlet called "libelles" were published. These "libelles" mocked them for not being able to have children. One asked: "Can the King do it? Can't the King do it?" In the end, he and Marie Antoinette had four children:

They also adopted six children.

Louis became the king when Louis XV died in 1774. He was 20 years old. Louis took charge of a country which had big problems. After the Seven Year's War, France was no longer the most powerful country in Europe. The country had debts because of the war, and because its tax system was outdated. Many nobles and other rich people could avoid paying taxes, something that many ordinary people hated. It was also the Age of Enlightenment, a time when people were becoming more interested in ideas like democracy and liberalism. A growing number of people opposed the absolute monarchy of France.

Louis wanted to be a good, popular king. One of his early decisions was to give powers back to the "parlements" that had been taken away in the later reign of Louis XV. The parlements were not parliaments in the modern meaning; they were not elected assemblies of politicians. The parlements were actually important regional courts and their judges supported the local nobles. They often stopped the kings from changing the country and stopped laws from having an effect in their provinces. When he brought back the parlements, Louis said "It seems to me to be the general wish and I want to be loved." He chose the Comte de Maurepas to be his main advisor, and Maurepas served in this role until his death in 1781. He also chose Anne Robert Jacques Turgot to be his minister of finance.

Turgot suggested they should relax the laws that limited when grain could be sold and how much it could be sold for. However, these changes caused high grain prices in years when the harvest was bad. This caused the Flour War protests in 1775. Some of Turgot's other reforms were blocked by the nobles and "parlements". In 1776, Louis changed his mind and sacked Turgot. He replaced him with Jacques Necker. Necker tried to publish a complete list of everything the government was spending money on, but this ended up hiding much of the spending. In 1783, Louis then chose Charles Alexandre de Calonne as his main minister of finance.

Louis and his government supported the Americans in the American Revolutionary War, because they wanted to weaken Great Britain. They wanted revenge because they had lost Quebec to the British in the Seven Years' War. The Americans won and the British agreed to let them be independent in the 1783 Treaty of Paris. However, their other attempts to weaken the British Empire were mostly stopped because their navy lost the Battle of the Saintes, and France did not gain many new lands. Moreover, the debts from the war worsened the government's money problems. By 1787, the money problems were out of control.

Louis called an Assembly of Notables, a meeting of the most senior French nobles, to discuss how to solve the money problems. He wanted to stop the nobles and parlements from blocking his attempts to solve them. But the nobles were shocked when they learned how bad the problems were and refused to help. Louis also tried to stop the Parlement of Paris from getting in the way, even arresting two of members, but it did not work because too many people supported the parlement. He also brought back Jacques Necker. Louis decided he had no choice but to call the Estates-General, the French parliament, which had not met since 1614.

The Estates-General of 1789 began sitting in May. Like previous Estates-General, it was designed to represent the "three estates" that made up French society. A quarter of its members were elected by the First Estate (Catholic Church priests), another quarter were elected by the Second Estate (the nobles) and the other half were elected by wealthy people from the Third Estate (everyone else). The politicians of the Third Estate wanted to talk about changing French society and reducing the powers of the king, but the king only wanted them to talk about taxes. He very quickly managed to annoy these politicians. For example, they were told that all members would have an equal vote, but then the king decided instead that the Third Estate members would only have half a vote. The Third Estate members thought it was unfair that they represented 95% of the population, but had only a third of the power in the Estates-General.

In June 1789, the Third Estate members announced that they were the National Assembly. Louis tried to stop them from meeting. On 20 June, all but one of those members signed the Tennis Court Oath. They promised that they would stay together until the king agreed to reduce his powers. Although Louis did offer some more rights to the Third Estate, they decided that this was not enough. On 11 July, Louis sacked many advisors who supported the National Assembly. This included Jacques Necker, who was quite popular. Ordinary people in Paris strongly supported Necker and the National Assembly. They began to fear that the king was going to stop the National Assembly. A riot broke out, leading to the Storming of the Bastille on 14 July.

Louis backed down and agreed to let the National Assembly run the country. The National Assembly started to carry out some dramatic changes to France. They passed the Declaration of the Rights of Man and ended the laws that allowed the nobles to be treated better than ordinary people.

On 5 October 1789, a crowd of protestors (mostly women) gathered in Paris to protest the high price of bread. They decided to have a march to the Palace of Versailles. where the king lived. They broke into the palace. Some guards were killed, and the rest did not stop them. The protestors demanded that the royal family come with them to Paris. Louis did not want to come, but he gave in to their demands. He signed the Declaration of the Rights of Man and went with them to Paris. He moved into the older Tuileries Palace.

Either the Storming of the Bastille or the Women's March on Versailles could be seen as the moment the king lost control of his country.

Louis would not be content as puppet king for very long. He was unhappy with the way he, his family and the church were being treated. The moderate politicians were losing support to more radical ones. But even though he was really a prisoner in the Tuileries Palace, Louis had allies in the army and other countries who would have supported the king over the politicians. Louis and Marie Antoinette planned to escape from the Tuileries on the night of June 21, 1791, disguised as servants. The royal family travelled towards the Fortress of Montmédy, which was a base for soldiers who supported the king and was on the border with the Austrian Netherlands. On their way to Montmédy, they were caught in the village of Varennes and forced to return to Paris. This incident became known as the flight to Varennes. 

When Louis and his family were brought back to the Tuileries, guards now watched over them far more. Whether rightly or wrongly, many people in France believed that the king and queen were plotting with foreign governments to restore the absolute monarchy. The next year, these tensions led to France starting a war with Austria and Prussia. In July 1792, Prussia's Duke of Brunswick wrote "We will destroy Paris into the ground if anything happens to our royal majesty, the king and queen." He was trying to help the king and queen, but instead it did the opposite.

In August 1792, a riot broke out in Paris. A crowd of protestors, encouraged by radical politicians, invaded the Tuileries. Louis was arrested on 13 August and sent to the Temple, an ancient Paris fortress used as a prison. On September 21, the National Convention (the new National Assembly) declared France to be a republic and abolished the monarchy. They took away Louis's titles and gave him an ordinary name: "Louis Capet". They believed that Capet should be his surname because he was related to the House of Capet.

Louis was charged with several crimes, with the National Convention (the new National Assembly) acting as the judge. The main crime they accused him of was plotting with Austria to restore the absolute monarchy. They quickly voted that he was guilty. Nobody at the Convention liked Louis, but the Girondins at least wanted to spare his life. Maximilien Robespierre and the Montagnards said that he should be killed, and more than half of the members voted to have him executed. Many of them believed that they were not just punishing Louis for a crime, but also destroying the idea of monarchy.

For the last time, Louis was reunited to his family and promised to come back the next morning, but he did not. On his way to the guillotine, Louis said "I trust that my death will be for the happiness of my people, but I grieve for France, and I fear that she may suffer the anger of the Lord." Before his execution, he made a speech saying "I die innocent of all the crimes that I was accused of; I forgive those who have caused my death; and I pray to God that the blood you are going to shed may never bring harm upon France." He tried to say more, but his speech was drowned out by a roll of drums. He was executed on January 21, 1793 in Place de la Revolution (now Place de la Concorde) in central Paris. He was 38 years old. Marie Antoinette was executed nine months later.

At first, Louis was buried in a nearby graveyard. In 1815, his and Marie Antoinette's remains were moved to the Basilica of Saint Denis, the traditional burial site for French kings. There are statues of them in the church. The "Chapelle expiatoire" was also built as a memorial to him, on the site of his original grave. The composers Luigi Cherubini and Paul Wranitzky both wrote funeral music in memory of him. Louisville, the largest city in Kentucky, was named after him because of his support for the American Revolution.

Louis XVI would not be the last French king. Two of Louis's brothers would become kings after the 1814 Bourbon Restoration: Louis XVIII and Charles X. Louis XVI's sons had died of diseases before then, and his daughter could not inherit the throne. The last French king was Louis-Philippe I, their distant relative. The last French monarch was Napoleon III, who was an emperor rather than a king.

In the 19th century, the French historians Jules Michelet and Alphonse de Lamartine noted how many French people came to feel sorry for Louis XVI, and this led to the monarchy being brought back in 1814. Although they did not agree on everything, both historians said that ending the monarchy in 1792 was the right decision, but that the king and queen should not have been killed. Michelet said that these executions encouraged more executions, leading to the Reign of Terror.


Paul Kagame

Paul Kagame (born October 23, 1957) is the President of Rwanda since 2000.

Though a member of the Tutsi ethnic group, he tends to downplay the importance of his ethnicity. He is responsible for ending the Rwandan Genocide. However, he is often seen as a dictator, and has a bad human rights record.

From 2018 to 2019, he was the Chairperson of the African Union. In 2022, he became the Commonwealth Chair-in-Office.

Juche Tower

The Juche Tower is a monument in Pyongyang, North Korea. It was completed in 1982. It is on the eastern bank of the Taedong River, opposite the Kim Il-Sung Square. Its geographic coordinates are 39°1′3.52″N, 125°45′48.05″E. It was made to celebrate the anniversary of Kim Il-Sung's 70th birthday. It is claimed that it was designed by Kim Jong-il.

The 170 meter (560') structure contains 25,550 blocks (365 × 70, one for each day of Kim Il Sung's life, excluding remainder days), dressed in white stone with seventy dividers and capped with a 20 meter high, 45 ton, shining torch allegedly made out of 'special materials'. It is possible to go to the top of the tower. It is said that the tower was built in 35 days and was dressed in 76 days.

In front of the tower is a 30 meter high statue consisting of three figures — one with a hammer, one with a sickle and one with a writing brush (an idealised worker, a peasant and a "working intellectual"). Also close to the tower is a wall of 82 friendship plaques, apparently from foreign supporters. Around the tower there are also pavilions and water features. It is claimed that the tower has become a popular place for North Koreans.

The tower is named after the principle of Juche, developed by Kim Il-Sung. The name of the tower is sometimes translated as the Tower of the Juche Idea or Juche Ideology Tower.

Space exploration

Space exploration is a term which describes searching outer space. There are many reasons for space exploration. The most important reasons are for scientific research and the interest of humans to learn more about outer space. For centuries, humans had dreamt of reaching outer space. Rockets made it possible in the later 20th century. On October 4, 1957, the former Soviet Union launched the Sputnik 1, which was the first artificial satellite. This started the Space Race and people later went into orbit and Americans visited the Moon in Project Apollo.

Many space probes have gone to various planets and other places in the Solar System to send back information. When people first went to space they didn't know what the effects of microgravity would have on humans so they sent animals instead. But in 1961 the Soviets launched the first human into space, Yuri Gagarin. The journey to planets is hazardous enough so that probably humans will not be used, and machines can pick up samples. Some people think that Mars can be mined for minerals which are rare and valuable. There are no plans at present to send humans to Mars.

The first telescope was probably invented in 1608 by Hans Lippershey. The Orbiting Astronomical Observatory 2 was the first space telescope launched on December 7, 1968. As of February 2, 2019, about 3,891 exoplanets are discovered. The Milky Way galaxy has more than 100–400 billion stars and more than 100 billion planets. There are about 2 trillion galaxies in the observable universe.


Vietnamese language

Vietnamese ("tiếng Việt") is the official language of Vietnam. Like many other languages in Asia, Vietnamese is a tonal language.

Vietnamese has been strongly influenced by Chinese languages, as more than 60% of Vietnamese words were borrowed from Chinese. Though some of these words are used in everyday life, most Chinese loanwords are used mostly for special contexts, like Latin and Greek loanwords in English. It is closely related to the Khmer language, but Vietnamese had so many changes that the two languages can no longer be understood unless speakers of one language learn the other.

It now uses a Latin alphabet, or "chữ Quốc ngữ," that is based on the French alphabet. It was created by European Jesuit missionaries so that the Bible and other Catholic books could be quickly translated into Vietnamese. For many centuries, only Vietnamese Catholics and Catholic missionaries to Vietnam used the Vietnamese-Latin alphabet until 1910, when the French-controlled government made the Vietnamese-Latin alphabet the only official script, or the writing system of government.

Before Vietnamese used the Latin alphabet, government documents were written using classical Chinese, but everyday Vietnamese was written with a writing system based on Chinese characters, called "chữ Nôm". Few people know "chữ Nôm" today.

Most Chinese speakers who live in Vietnam now use regular Chinese script for calligraphy, but some traditional calligraphy artists can still be found. For example, Hồ Chí Minh City (sometimes still called Sài Gòn) has a district that is famous for its popular Chinatown.

Vietnamese adds new words when they are needed, especially in the professions of engineering, science, and academics. Also there has been an increase in media use. Some social words from the media are now accepted as common.

When Vietnam was controlled by the French, many French loanwords were borrowed into Vietnamese, like "cà phê" (coffee), "bia" (beer) and "sơ mi" (shirt). All these words are still used today. Today, Vietnamese uses many loandwords from English such as "tivi" (TV), "mô tô" (motorcycle), and "phim" (film/movie) because of Internet, social media, and easier travel. Sometimes, the word's spelling would be the same, but it would be said with Vietnamese pronunciation.

The spoken language of Vietnam changes in each province. Even in different cities in the same province, and even different neighborhoods in the same city, Vietnamese dialects can be very different from each other. Usually, the greater the distance between provinces, the stronger the difference. There are many dialects in Vietnamese, including Hanoian, Saigonese, Danang, Hue, and Nghe An. Some dialects are close enough to each other that speakers of said dialects can understand each other without many problems. However, other dialects are so different that even native speakers of Vietnamese have problems understanding, such as the Hue and Nghe An dialects. The national education for all of Vietnam now uses the Hanoian dialect, but each ethnic tribe may still use a different dialect, language, or vocabulary.
There are speaking programs that use Vietnamese. A computer add-on for the Firefox web browser, Vietnamese TTS (Text to Speech), can read text with the 'Vietnamization needs

Audio libraries are available to reproduce Vietnamese. Google translate uses a TTS reader and sound library to read Vietnamese in simple sentences. Portable electronic translators are also very popular. Kim Tu Dien makes the most common portable dictionary for the Vietnamese market.

The Vietnamese alphabet (In Vietnamese: "Chữ Quốc Ngữ", means "The National Scripts").

The combination of two vowels makes a diphthong. The dipthongs used in the Vietnamese language have some rules when used. For example, one rule states that the singular tone for both letters must be placed.

There are more triphthongs in Vietnamese than English, such as 'uye'.

The syllables refers to the Chinese use of two characters as syllables. Vietnamese also uses one syllable as a word.Like in English, people can say just 'go'. For more emphasis, it could be said twice in Vietnamese. That is common in Asia. n languages. Some Australian Aboriginal languages do the same thing. So, 'go - go' () means "go now" but with emphasis. However, 'go' is also common in Vietnamese.

Many single syllables are used in Vietnamese. They can form sentences without pairing with other syllables as they do in Chinese. Readers (and speakers) still notice that many syllables, in most sentences, are paired.

Vietnamese has borrowed many words many different languages, including Chinese, French, and English. Words like taxi, sushi, selfie, and TV are common words used by most languages. 

Until not long ago, the spelling of loanwords is changed so Vietnamese speakers can say it more easily. Most French loanwords have changed their spelling to make it easier for Vietnamese people to say them out loud. For example, the French word "café" was changed to "cà phê", "crème" was changed to "kem, bière" was changed to "bia". China uses the same idea: Ao-da-li-ya in Pinyin means Australia.

The first rule for vietnamization is that Vietnamese word or syllables are not normally broken by a consonant: (Việt Nam).
An example of how to break a foreign word into two syllables is mô tô, one of the words for "motorbike", is a vietnamized version of 'motor' and 'auto' (ô tô). However, the rule has exceptions: lôgic.

When introducing a common foreign word, people vietnamize the word in at least one spoken demonstration for Vietnamese listeners.


The second (softer) rule for vietnamization is that the sound of each syllable must be made a little closer to Vietnamese sounds. Tone marks for vowel letters are added: lôgic is an alteration of logic and would be need for a few subjects.

Any word can be an exception to vietnamization. Names like Barack Obama or Bill Clinton might be attempted by Vietnamese-speakers. In writing, the foreign names mostly stay together. Names like David are easy for the Vietnamese to say and so have become very popular in writing in English.

Foreign placenames that were once vietnamized have changed back to their non-Vietnamese spelling. For example, "Niu Di-len" was changed back to "New Zealand".

Nowadays, vietnamized spellings of loanwords are becoming less and less common. Many loanwords nowadays are spelled without any changes from their parent languages, especially English loanwords. Words like "laptop", "game", "Facebook" are all spelled in Vietnamese the same as they would be in English, but they sound different because of the different pronunciation rules in each language. This is because English has become more common in everyday life in Vietnam. Sometimes, foreign words and names in Vietnamese readings will have vietnamized spellings so Vietnamese learners can say them out loud. 

Exclamations are very popular in Vietnamese. People can use exclamations as an introduction to things said. People can also comment with a quick exclamation after they say something. The exclamation may express a feeling or just an expression.

Conjunctions are used in Vietnamese.

Unlike in many languages, Vietnamese uses kinship terms (older brother ("anh"), younger sibling ("em"), uncle ("chú"), grandchild ("cháu"), etc.) more than pronouns, even if the speaker and listener are not related. For example, if two men who have little difference in how old they are talk to each other, the older man is usually called "anh" and the younger man is called "em". "Anh" can either be first-person (I/me/my/mine) or second-person (you/your/yours) because both people know who "anh" is. For example, if the younger man asks the other man ""Anh ăn cơm chưa" (Have you eaten, yet?)""," the older man is the second person, but the older man can answer ""Anh mới ăn cơm" (I just ate)," which the older man is the first person. Many kinship terms exist in pairs, so speakers who know each other know what to call each other and themselves. For this reason, people who know each other usually do not need to use pronouns. However, some exceptions exist when using kinship terms. 

While pronouns do exist, they are mainly saved for formal speech and writing.

Valmiki

Maharishi Valmiki (, "vālmīki") (during Lord Rama's time) is celebrated as the poet harbinger in Sanskrit literature. He is the author of the epic "Ramayana", based on the attribution in the text of the epic itself. He is revered as the "Adi Kavi," which means "First Poet," for he discovered the first "śloka" i.e. first "verse", which set the base and defined the form to Sanskrit poetry.

At least by the 1st century AD, Valmiki's reputation as the father of Sanskrit classical poetry seems to have been legendary.

Valmiki played an important role in "Uttara Kanda," the last chapter of epic "Ramayana". It is believed that The Uttara Kanda was not original work of Valmiki. It is believed to be taken up from "Sesha Ramayana." According to the legend Rama send Sita to forest. Sita finds refuge in Sage Valmiki's ashram, where she gives birth to twin boys Lava (founder of Lahore) and Kusha (founder of Kasur) . Lava and Kusha were Valmiki's first disciples to whom he taught the "Ramayana". Bala Kanda of the epic also telling the story of Valmiki narrating the Ramayana to his disciples Lava and Kusha.



Kali

Kali is one of the goddesses in Hinduism and aspect of Parvati. She is the goddess of creation, destruction and time, and commonly presented as dark and violent. Various Shakta Hindu cosmologies, as well as Shakta Tantric beliefs, worship her as the ultimate reality or Brahman.

Kali is represented as the consort of Lord Shiva, on whose body she is often seen standing. She is associated with many other Hindu goddesses like Durga, Bhadrakali, Sati, Rudrani, Parvati and Chamunda. She is the foremost among the Dasa Mahavidyas, ten fierce Tantric goddesses.


Petr Čech

Petr Čech (born 20 May 1982) is a retired Czech football player who is the technical and performance advisor as well as an emergency backup goalkeeper for Chelsea. He is thought by some players, journalists and managers as the greatest goalkeeper in the history of the Premier League and, by many, as the greatest goalkeeper to have played for Chelsea. Currently, he plays as a goaltender for the London based ice hockey club Guildford Phoenix.

Čech was thought to be one of the best goalkeepers in the world. He had the record of the least losses in his first season playing for Chelsea and in the same season, he helped Chelsea to win the title of Premier League. He also helped Chelsea to win the same title the next year.

His first club was in his native country of Czech Republic. He stayed there for two years before moving to Sparta Prague. He stayed there for one season. His first overseas club was Rennes of Ligue 1. He played there from 2002 to 2004 before moving to Chelsea. He became a Chelsea player in June 2004. After a very successful 11-year career at Chelsea, he joined Arsenal in June 2015. He retired after playing for four years with Arsenal in 2019. Afterwards, Čech re-joined Chelsea as their Technical and Sporting Director.

He won many titles during his career which consists of: four English Premier League, five FA Cup, one UEFA Champions League and one UEFA Europa League title. Due to these achievements, he is also named amongst one of the most successful goalkeepers in football history.

Petr Čech was born as a triplet (due to which he had a weak skull) to father Václav Čech and mother Libuše Čechová. They were both retired athletes.

In his childhood, he was an actor rather than an athlete and also played the role of "Honza" in the Czech TV series - "The Territory of White Deer" around 1991. He also had interest in ice hockey but his family could not afford the gear (equipment) required to play it, and hence he switched to football. At the start of his career, Čech played as a forward (left winger) but after suffering a leg fracture at the age of 10, he turned towards goalkeeping.

In 2003 he married Martina Čechova, whom he met while he was in high school. Petr and Martina have two children named Adéla and Damián. Adéla was born in 2008 and Damián in 2009.

Outside football, Čech has interests in Rock music, Ice Hockey, Gardening, Table Tennis, Tennis, Drumming, Acting etc. He has an account on YouTube through which he publishes videos of his drum covers of various rock songs from rock bands like Coldplay, Incubus, Foo Fighters, Radiohead etc. This led Čech to provide percussion for the Czech Republic's official Euro 2016 tournament anthem. Further, he has also released a charity single with Queen's drummer Roger Taylor for the Bob Wilson Foundation. On being quizzed later about how he learned drumming, Čech told that he learned it by playing Rock Band and Guitar Hero (video games) with his goalkeeping friend Carlo Cudicini, in an interview. He is, currently, a drummer for the London-based folk rock band "Wills and the Willing."

Chelsea

Arsenal

Czech Republic U21

Individual


Guildford Phoenix



Mustafa Kemal Atatürk

Kemal Atatürk (or alternatively written as Kamâl Atatürk, Mustafa Kemal Pasha until 1934, commonly referred to as Mustafa Kemal Atatürk; 1881 – 10 November 1938) was a Turkish marshal and statesman who was the first President of Turkey from 1923 to his death in 1938. 

He started changes that founded the Turkish nation state based on social and economic nationalism, which was modern and similar to Western civilization (such as the French model of secularism called "laïcité").

Atatürk was born under the name Mustafa in 1881. His birthplace was in Salonika, Macedonia (now Thessaloniki, Greece). Salonika was then part of the Ottoman Empire. He took the name Kemal as a schoolboy and Atatürk (which means Father of the Turks) when he was president. His father was Ali Rıza Efendi (Efendi is a title of nobility). His mother was Zübeyde Hanım. He also had a sister, whose name was Makbule (Atadan). He joined the Ottoman army and became an army officer and the most successful general officer of the empire in World War I, fighting in Gallipoli where he successfully defended the peninsula against British and French attacks.

The Ottoman Empire was defeated by the Allied powers in World War I and the empire was divided by several major powers. Many territories of the Ottoman Empire including those in Anatolia were to be given to Britain, France, Italy, Greece and Armenia. While the Ottoman Empire was collapsing after the war, Atatürk quickly fled the capital Istanbul right before the Allied occupation of the city and went to Ankara where he organized a Turkish resistance army to fight against the invaders and kick them out of Anatolia. After defeating the armies which had invaded Anatolia and expelling them in September 1922, he marched into Istanbul as a liberator in January 1923 where he created a nationalist Turkish movement that created the new, secular Republic of Turkey. This meant that the country's government was no longer led by hereditary or religious leaders. Visitors to Turkey are often surprised by the importance given to Atatürk in Turkey.

Few countries have such a person in their history. He was a successful military commander, later established a unitary republic based on a constitution and put in place changes that set Turkey on the road to becoming a new and developing nation. He inspired many later leaders like Amānullāh Khān, Reza Shah Pahlavi, Adolf Hitler, Habib Bourguiba, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Sukarno, and John F. Kennedy.
His six principles still serve today as a sign post for establishing a democratic government:


Estádio do Morumbi

Morumbi Stadium or Estádio do Morumbi is the biggest stadium in São Paulo, Brazil. It used to have 120,000 seats available, but now its maximum capacity is 77,000 seats for safety reasons. It is the home ground of São Paulo Futebol Clube and its formal name honors Cícero Pompeu de Toledo, who was São Paulo FC's chairman during most of the stadium's construction.

Bail

Bail is money given to the court to guarantee that someone will go to their trial. If the person does not show up for their trial, the government gets to keep the money.

If the arrested person cannot afford the full bail amount, they can use a bail bond. This is a system where part of the bail amount is paid to a company, and they do the bail paperwork. Unlike placing the full bail to the court, the bail bond payment is not returned.

If someone uses a bail bond company, and they do not show up for their court appearance (these people are known as "bail jumpers") a bounty hunter can be hired to track them down and bring them back.

Initialism

An initialism is a word made from the first letters of each word in a phrase. Unlike acronyms, initialisms cannot be spoken as words: they are spoken letter by letter. Examples of initialisms are:



Soufflé

A soufflé is a light fluffy dessert food.

It is a lightly baked cake. It can be served as a savoury main dish, but usually it is sweetened as a dessert. It is made with egg yolks and beaten egg whites. The egg whites are beaten to a soft peak meringue.

The dish puffs up in the oven.

Blossom

A blossom is a flower that grows on stone fruit trees and other plants including oranges, cherries, plums, apples and almonds


Marmalade

Marmalade is a topping, like a jam or jelly, that is usually made with oranges. Marmalade can also be made from lemons, limes, grapefruits, or a combination of citrus fruits.

The word Marmalade comes from the Galician word "marmelada" meaning 
"quince jam".


1697

1697 was a common year.

Thomas Hardy

Thomas Hardy OM (2 June 1840 – 11 January 1928) was an English novelist and poet. In the U.K. Hardy is generally thought to be one of the greatest figures in English literature. He lived in the Victorian era. 

Thomas Hardy was born in Upper Bockhampton near Dorchester, Dorset. His father was a stonemason. His mother had read a lot. She added to his formal education. Hardy trained as an architect in Dorchester before moving to London to get a job. He won prizes from the Royal Institute of British Architects and the Architectural Association.

Hardy wrote a small number of novels which earned him a high reputation in his lifetime. These include "Tess of the d'Urbervilles", "The Mayor of Casterbridge" and "Far from the Madding Crowd". After the publication of "Jude the Obscure" in 1895 Hardy gave up novel writing but continued to write poetry including an epic poem called "The Dynasts". Hardy set his novels in South West England, calling it 'Wessex'. He invented names for the towns, e.g. "Casterbridge" is Dorchester in Dorset. Hardy died in Dorchester. His ashes are buried in Westminster Abbey.


Manhole

A manhole (also called a utility hole, cable chamber, maintenance hole , inspection chamber, access chamber or confined space) is a hole for a person to go into to fix underground services. Some examples of these are sewers, telephone, electricity, storm drains and gas. 

The opening is protected by a manhole cover. A manhole cover can also be called a "biscuit". It is designed to stop people falling down the hole and to stop people going underground if they are not allowed to. Manholes usually have metal or polypropylene steps on the wall to make it easier to get into the manhole.

Manholes are usually found in urban areas, in streets and sometimes under sidewalks. They are usually circular to stop the manhole cover from falling into the hole.

In urban areas, electricity being in places it is not supposed to be (stray voltage) has become a big concern. In 2004, Jodie S. Lane was electrocuted after stepping on a metal manhole cover. She was walking her dog in New York City when it happened.


Sewer

Sewers are underground pipes that take away dirty water and human waste from homes, offices and many other places. Sanitary sewers lead to sewage treatment plants that remove the harmful and unwanted parts, returning clean water to the environment. Many rules and regulations exist for how clean the final discharge (effluent) must be. Storm sewers are usually simpler. Houses that do not have a connection to city sewer will have a septic tank.

Cleaning crews use special trucks and tools to help keep the sewers clear of grease, tree roots, and other blockages. More rural areas may have septic systems where sewers do not yet exist. In many urban areas, street gutters to carry rainwater are combined with sewers. 

Pajamas

Pajamas (pyjamas in the United Kingdom) are loose clothes that people wear while they are sleeping. Pyjamas usually include trousers and a shirt. Pyjamas are often made of cotton. They are usually worn without underwear. The word comes from , Pajāmā; . Pajamas are often worn without underwear.

Barter

Barter is trading one thing for another without using money. Usually the things that are traded are worth the same amount of money, but no money is used in the trade.

Barter is useful when two people each have something the other wants, so they agree on an amount of stuff and then swap it. This can also happen with services, for example a plumber can fix a tap in a winery and be given a crate of wine.

Barter and money have been practiced longer than history has, so there is little historic evidence of the change. However, the usual idea is that barter came earlier and money arose to solve a problem: One person may not want what the other person has. For instance, Bob needs a new pair of shoes and John has those shoes. But Bob has eggs and John needs milk. This is where money becomes useful because anything can be traded for a set amount of money. Bob could pay John for the shoes and John could go to the store and buy some milk. 

Carlisle United F.C.

Carlsile United F.C. is an English football team in Football League Two. Jordan McDowall is the manager.


Baroque pop

Baroque pop is a rock music subgenre that mixes both rock and classical music. It was created by musicians in the 1960s by adding classical instruments like harpsichord, French horns, oboes, and string sections. It became popular with both teenagers and adults at the time. Examples can be found on The Beach Boys' "Pet Sounds" and recordings made by Phil Spector. It is also referred to as chamber pop, among other names.

290s

The 290s decade ran from January 1, 290, to December 31, 299.

Leica Camera

Leica is a camera company in Wetzlar, Germany.

2011

2011 (twenty eleven) (MMXI) was .

According to the North Korean Minguo calendar, this was Juche year 100. This year was also the 100th of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Era year (民國100年).

The United Nations designated 2011 the International Year of Forests and International Year of Chemistry.

The 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, which struck Japan in March, triggered numerous tsunami warnings, killed over 15,000 people and caused massive damage in Japan. The earthquake also resulted in the Fukushima nuclear disaster; it was the deadliest nuclear disaster since the Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986.


















Tiến Quân Ca

"" (; "Army March") is the national anthem (song) of Vietnam. It was created in 1944 by Nguyễn Văn Cao, a Vietnamese composer (person who writes music). It was also the national anthem of North Vietnam until the joining of North and South Vietnam at the end of the Vietnam War.

The national anthem went through many changes since the 1940s. Though there are two verses, the first one is usually only sung as the anthem. Recently, the Vietnam Center for Music Copyright stated that they will "collect royalty" from the song, meaning that it would be under copyright.

North American blizzard of 2003

The Blizzard of 2003, also called the Presidents' Day Storm of 2003, or Presidents' Day Storm II, was a very big snowstorm on the East Coast of the United States and Canada, which started on February 15 and ended on February 18, 2003. Lots of snow fell in the big cities in the Northeast US, making it the biggest snowstorm of the snowy winter of 2002-2003. All cities from Washington D.C. to Boston were covered in a lot of snow, and people could not go around because of the bad weather. In Baltimore and Boston, this was the biggest snowstorm ever recorded.

The storm started in the southern Rockies on February 14, and moved to southern Missouri and the Lower Tennessee Valley in a few days. It brought heavy rain and bad weather to the Deep South, including the nation's first tornado of 2003. In the north, snow and ice affected the Midwest. Southern Iowa and eastern Illinois also got lots of snow, with 11 inches (28 cm) in Des Moines. In Kentucky this was mostly an ice storm, with some places getting up to 3/4" (2 cm) of ice. At the same time, Washington, D.C. and Baltimore got a little bit of snow on February 15. The weather was very cold, and the storm moved very slowly.

But early on February 16, lots of snow started falling in those two cities, and the snow started in Philadelphia. Heavy snow kept coming, falling very fast. It was also very cold, so the snow kept piling up. The heavy snow continued all day, and it reached New York City in the evening. At about the same time, the snow changed to sleet in Washington, D.C., and that's why the city got less snow than other cities. In the rest of the Northeast, however, the snow stayed for much of the night. The sleet changed back to snow by the next morning in Washington, D.C., and soon ended. Blizzard Warnings were given in New York City and Boston, and the snow began in Boston that day. In the evening, the heavy snow ended in New York City, and it ended in Boston on the morning of February 18. After that, the storm weakened and brought a few inches of snow to other parts of New England.

This snowstorm slowed down much of the East Coast with its heavy snow. Washington's Reagan National Airport, Baltimore-Washington International Airport, Philadelphia International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport in New York were closed, and Dulles Airport had one runway open. With snow falling, driving was almost impossible. In Baltimore, the roof of the historic B&O Railroad Museum broke, destroying many valuable engines, railroad cars and train souvenirs.



Organization of American States

The Organization of American States (OAS in English; OEA in the other three official languages) is an international organization based in Washington, D.C. It has all thirty-five independent nations of the Americas as its members.

For its work Organization of American States (OAS) uses four languages: English language, French language, Portuguese language, and Spanish language.

Many people and politicians of different countries of North America and South America had thought of an organization of their countries. These countries have also formed different organizations from time to time. Beginning from 1889 to 1890, these countries held meetings known as the International Conference of American States. At its first conference, 18 countries formed the International Union of American Republics.

In 1910, these countries held the Fourth International Conference of American States at Buenos Aires. They changed the name of the International Union of American Republics to the Union of American Republics. These countries held the ninth International Conference of American States between March and May 1948 at Bogotá. On 30th April 1948, 21 countries signed an agreement. They called this agreement the Charter of the Organization of American States. This was the beginning of the Organization of American States (OAS). OAS started functioning from December 1951.

The Charter of the OAS states the goals for forming the OAS. There are many goals. Some important goals relate to peace and security for these countries; development of democratic governments; and economic cooperation.

All 35 independent nations of America are members of the OAS. Upon foundation on 5 May 1948 there were 21 members:
The later expansion of the OAS included the newly independent nations of the Caribbean (most of whom gained independence only after World War II) and Canada. Members with later admission dates (sorted chronologically):



Gustav Holst

Gustav Holst (21 September 1874 - 25 May 1934) was a famous English composer. He was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire and studied at the Royal College of Music in London. After leaving the College, Holst played the trombone in several orchestras and an opera company. Eventually, Holst became music master at St Paul’s Girls’ School and director of music at Morley College, both located in London. 

Holst had fragile health. As a child, he had asthma, "which often forced him to bed even after the simple act of climbing stairs." Frequently, he was unable to hold a regular pen due to neuritis. He died at age 59. 

Holst had many interests. He read Hindu epics and learned how to read Sanskrit. In addition, he believed in Dharma, an important concept in Hindu philosophy. Holt studied astronomy and astrology, and he even knew how to cast horoscopes. He read widely. 

Holst's most famous work of all is "The Planets" (1918). This is a suite of seven movements for orchestra, each about a different planet (the Earth is not included, and Pluto had not yet been discovered). The music does not really describe the planets or the Roman gods: instead, it was inspired by astrological symbols.


Nelson's Column

Nelson's Column is a national monument of the United Kingdom based in Trafalgar Square, London. The column was built between 1840 and 1843 to commemorate Admiral Horatio Nelson's death at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805.

Cousin

A cousin is a term in genealogy. A cousin is not a direct ancestor or descendant, but is a relative who "shares a common ancestor". The word 'cousin' is often used to mean a person's first cousin the child of someone's aunt or uncle.

Cousin relationships can have degree and removal (e.g. a second cousin once removed is a cousin with a degree of two and a removal of one).



900

Year 900 (CM) was a leap year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


996

996 was a leap year.


1345

1345 was a common year.


1347

1347 was a common year.


1565

1565 was a common year.


Livestock

Livestock are domestic animals that are kept by people. Their uses are for meat, milking, wool, leather, or labor. Taking care of livestock is animal husbandry. Some types of livestock are: cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and chickens. Chickens produce eggs; pigs produce meat; cattle, goats and sheep create milk, and sheep also create wool. Horses, cattle, camels, llamas, water buffalo, and other large animals do work for people, such as pulling wagons and other vehicles.

The breeding, keeping alive, and killing of livestock is called animal husbandry. Animal husbandry have been practiced by humans for a long time. There are different animal husbandry practices used by different cultures. It is an important part of the economy and culture of many countries.

Intensive animal farming, which is sometimes called "factory farming" is mostly used today. 99% of livestock in the US are now raised with intensive animal farming. Intensive animal farming increases the amount of things we can get from the livestock but it has also led to bad effects on animal welfare, the environment, and public health.

Livestock as a word was first used between 1650 and 1660. Today, cattle means domesticated bovines, while livestock now means domesticated animals.

Animal husbandry started when humans stopped hunting and gathering and settled in farming communities. Animals are domesticated when the way they breed and live are controlled by humans. After a long time, the way they act and the way they look changes. Today, many farm animals cannot live in the wild.

The dog was domesticated in Europe and the Far East from about 15,000 years ago. Goats and sheep were domesticated between 11,000 and 5,000 years ago in Southwest Asia. Pigs were domesticated by 8,500 BC in the Near East and 6,000 BC in China. Domestication of the horse dates to around 4000 BC. Cattle have been domesticated since approximately 10,500 years ago. Chickens and other poultry may have been domesticated around 7000 BC.

Breed

A breed is a domesticated race or type of an animal or plant. The term may also be used as a verb. In this way, to "breed" an animal is to make sure that it has descendants that improve the next generation’s qualities. This is also often referred to as "breeding." A "breeder" is a person who maintains and creates different breeds of animals or plants. Methods include inbreeding and crossbreeding.



Storm

A storm is a violent meteorological phenomenon in which there is heavy rain, and wind due to moisture in the air. Hail and Lightning are also common in storms. More rarely, Tornadoes can occur in storms. 

Hurricanes, typhoons, and tornadoes are, often, called storms too but they have special names because they are very, very strong. Storms are studied by scientists called meteorologists. The idea of shipping forecasts started with a concern to save ships from unexpected storms in the North Atlantic. A storm is associated with severe weather and may be marked by strong wind, thunder, lightning and heavy precipitation such as ice. Therefore, the knowledge of the weather condition is extremely important.

There are many varieties and names for storms: "icestorm", "blizzard", "snowstorm", "ocean-storm", "firestorm", etc. The storms called thunderstorms develop in hot, humid tropical areas like Mexico very frequently. The rising temperatures produce strong upward rising winds. These winds carry water droplets upwards, where they freeze, and fall down again. The swift movement of the falling water droplets along with the rising air create "lighting" and sound. 

Hemisphere

Hemisphere means half (hemi) of the Earth or any other sphere.

Pressure

Pressure means how much force something is pushing on something else with.
It is expressed as force acting per unit area:

P = F / A

It can also be defined as thrust (compressive force acting perpendicularly to the surface of a body) acting per unit area.

Pressure is directly proportional to force and inversely proportional to area., so the same amount of force applied by a hand will produce less pressure than when applied by something smaller, like a finger.

It is important to understand the distinction between pressure and force. Body A may exert a much larger force on a surface than body B, but if that force is spread out over an area larger than that of body B, the pressure exerted will be less than that of body B. More force is not always equal to more pressure, and vice versa

Pressure is also related to density. If a solid or a fluid is more dense, it has a larger weight, and therefore exerts a larger force, over the same area.

The SI unit of pressure is the Pascal (Pa) named after French physicist Blaise Pascal, who did much work on pressure. 1 pascal = a force of 1 newton per square meter. To measure much larger and much smaller pressures, sub-multiples of the unit, such as kilopascal and megapascal exist.

Atmospheric pressure is the pressure exerted by oxygen and other molecules (the atmosphere basically) on a body/point/area at sea level, and is equal to approximately 100000 Newtons or 100Kn. Atmospheric pressures is measured using instruments such as the barometer which uses the principles of pressure and vacuum to measure the atmospheric pressure.


Autogyro

An autogyro, also known as a gyroplane, is a type of rotorcraft that uses an unpowered rotor to fly. The autogyro's rotor must have air flowing across the rotor disc to create rotation, and the air flows upwards through the rotor disc and not down. Only one or two people can be on an autogyro.

The autogyro was invented by Spanish engineer Juan de la Cierva to create an aircraft that could fly safely at low speeds. He first flew one on 9 January 1923 in Madrid. Cierva's autogyro is thought to be the predecessor of the modern helicopter.

Alligator

Alligator is a genus in the order Crocodilia. There are two living species: the American alligator and the smaller Chinese alligator. Together with the caimans, the gharials, and the crocodiles, they make up the order Crocodilia.

The first alligators existed about 37 million years ago. However, older species of alligators have become extinct.

An average adult American alligator weighs and is long. However, they can grow to long and weigh over .

The largest alligator ever recorded, found in Louisiana, was long.

The Chinese alligator is smaller. It is rarely longer than . In addition, it weighs considerably less than the American alligator. Male Chinese alligators rarely weigh over .

Nobody knows how long alligators live, on average. An 80-year-old alligator named Muja, living in the Belgrade Zoo in Serbia, is thought to be the oldest alligator living in captivity.

Although the alligator often moves slowly, it can run very fast for short times, especially in very short lunges. Usually, alligators' main prey are smaller animals they can kill and eat with a single bite. If the prey is not big enough to eat in one bite, they may drag the animal into the water to drown. They may also bite their prey and then spin or wildly until bite-sized chunks are torn off. This is called a "death roll".

Alligators are generally timid towards humans and tend to walk or swim away if a human comes near them. However, they will attack humans to protect their nests. In Florida, feeding wild alligators at any time is illegal. If fed, the alligators will eventually lose their fear of humans and will learn to associate humans with food, thereby becoming both a greater danger to people, and at greater risk from them.

Alligators are native only to the United States and China.

American alligators live mostly in the southeast United States. According to the 2012 Scholastic Book of World Records, Louisiana has the largest alligator population, with about two million. Most American alligators live in Louisiana or Florida, which is home to about 1.3 million alligators. Southern Florida is the only place where both alligators and crocodiles live side by side.

American alligators cannot live in saltwater very long because they do not have salt glands. Because of this, they live in freshwater environments, such as ponds, marshes, wetlands, rivers, lakes, and swamps, as well as in brackish environments.

Once, the American alligator was endangered. In the 1970s, the United States government protected alligators under the Endangered Species Act. The species made a major recovery and are now thriving in many wilderness areas. The alligator is the state reptile of Florida, and is a symbol of the state.

The Chinese alligator currently is found only in Eastern China, in a small area in the Yangtze River basin (along the coastline of the Pacific Ocean.

The Chinese alligator is extremely endangered. Scientists believe that only a few dozen Chinese alligators are left in the wild. Indeed, far more Chinese alligators live in zoos around the world than in the wild. Rockefeller Wildlife Refuge in southern Louisiana has several in captivity in an attempt to preserve the species. Miami MetroZoo in Florida also has a breeding pair of Chinese alligators.

American alligators were once an endangered species in the United States. By the 1950s, there were fewer alligators in the United States than ever before. This happened because of alligator hunting and because people were building over alligators' habitats.

In 1967, the United States government listed the alligator as endangered. This meant the alligator was in danger of becoming extinct.

However, according to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS):

Today, the American alligator is no longer endangered, but it is still a "protected species." It is protected because the alligator looks like some species of crocodiles and caimans, which are still endangered. Because of this, the Fish and Wildlife Service categorizes the American alligator as “threatened due to similarity of appearance.” Their goal is to prevent people from killing endangered crocodiles and caimans because they have mistaken an alligator for a crocodile or caiman. Because of this, killing alligators, and trading in products made from alligator meat or skin, are all regulated by the Fish and Wildlife Service.

Alligators and crocodiles are different in many ways. For example, in general:


Curitiba

Curitiba (pron. or ) is the capital and the largest city in the state of Paraná. It has the largest population and economy in the southern part of Brazil. It is one of the most important cities of Brazil's southern region. More than 1,800,000 people live in it. It covers an area of 430.9 km². It is the 7th largest Brazilian city and 4th largest in the Southern Cone (the south part of South America). The urban area of Curitiba is looked after by 26 local governments and has 3,335,588 people living there.

Curitiba started in 1693 as a small village. It became an important trading stop because a road was opened. The road joined the southeast area to Southern Brazil. In 1853, it became the capital of the newly made province of Paraná. Since then, the city has seen a lot of urban growth. 

During the 19th century, many European people arrived, including Germans, Poles, Ukrainians and Italians. They added to the cultural mix that still is there. The city made plans and laws to slow the growth of the city and that led to the city being famous for its new ideas and connection to the environment. Most of the new ideas had to do with the public transport system. 
Today, the city has a sense of cosmopolitan life and is said to be the safest city in Brazil. It is the Brazilian capital with the best quality of life and is a diversified industrial center that makes Curitiba the 4th largest economy in Brazil; the largest in the southern region. The city is said to be one of the five best cities to invest in Latin America and the 49th city with the greatest influence in the world.

Large companies have moved their headquarters to the city because of Curitiba's structure and easy access. Its international airport, the Afonso Pena International Airport, serves the whole southern region of Brazil. It has access to the Port of Paranaguá, and the junction of highways and railroads link the south region directly to the southeast part of the country. Many multinational automotive (car) companies are in Greater Curitiba, which makes Curitiba the second largest automotive center in the country. Curitiba is an important cultural, political, and economic center in the country.

Curitiba has high rates of education and is home to the oldest Brazilian university, the Federal University of Paraná. People from Curitiba are called "curitibanos" in Portuguese, and "Curitibans" in English.

The name "Curitiba" comes from the large number of Brazilian "Pines", commonly called "Parana Pine" ("Araucaria angustifolia") which grew in the region before the city was built. There are two reasons for the name: the Indians of the Tupi nation, namely the Jê and the Guarani, used the word "corae" ("pine seed") "atuba" ("a lot"). It may also come from joining the words "kurit" ("pine tree") and "yba" ("large amount"), also from the Tupi language, together. So, "Curitiba" means something like "Land of Abundant Pines".

Curitiba has a strategy to maximise the efficiency and productivity of its transport. It does this by using different systems of transport that support each other. The introduction of traffic management, transportation, and land use planning in the 1970s allowed the city to reduce traffic in the downtown area. It also helped to promote the use of public transport and bicycles in order to reduce pollution.

Curitiba does not have a subway system, but it has a large bus network system. In 1974, it opened the second bus rapid transit system in the world. This system has large passenger terminals connected by roads used only by the buses "Vermelhos" ("Red Buses"), the "Expressos" ("Express Buses"), "Articulados" ("Articulated buses"), and "Biarticulados" ("Biarticulated buses"). The biarticulated bus makes long trips, stopping only on the tube-station stops to pick up or drop off people. Each biarticulated bus can carry 270 people - and complemented with the modern and speedy silver "Ligeirinho" (literally, "speedy"), has fewer stops. As a result, the distances are shorter when compared to the "Linha Direta" ("Direct Line"). The buses stop very frequently. Some stop every two minutes.
This model has inspired similar things in cities of other countries. In New York City, in the 1990s an experimental line of "ligeirinho" in the city connected it to the World Trade Center. The system is the source of inspiration for the TransMilenio in Bogotá, Colombia, Metrovia in Guayaquil, Ecuador,as well as the Orange Line of Los Angeles, California, and for a future transportation system in Panama City, Panama.

Around the city and commonly joined with the bus terminals, are the "Ruas da Cidadania" ("Streets of Citizenship"). These are municipal centers that bring together municipal departments and public agencies, state and federal, points of trade, services, free Internet access and equipment, and leisure, such as playgrounds and space for all kinds of sports.

The green area of Curitiba is 51.5 metres per person - about three times the minimum area recommended by the UN - one of the highest in Brazil and higher than cities such as London or Paris. These areas are made mostly by municipal parks and forests to protect the forests' gallery of local rivers. There are also many city squares and public grounds, usually associated with public and wooden roads.

The urban zoning of the city and the integrated transport system has allowed development of urban architecture. Some analysts say the layout of the city is strong and balanced without the main problems of large modern cities, like heavy traffic.

Curitiba was the inspiration for Francis Ford Coppola, In the 20th century when he was looking for the "perfect city" in order to create the New York "Megalopolis" (a huge city "which is good for its citizens" for his movie).The director lived in Curitiba for a few weeks and praised the city in many of his lectures around the world, as the only Brazilian city praised by this famous producer of movies. He did not make the movie, however.

In the 1990s, the city won the United Nations Environment Program prize - UNEP, from the UN, said to be the top prize of the environment in the world. In June 1996, the chairman of the Habitat II summit of mayors and urban planners in Istanbul said Curitiba was "the most innovative city in the world." In 2003, the city received the title of Capital of Culture of the Americas by the organization CAC-ACC. In 2006, Curitiba hosted the event COP8/COP-MOP3 the UN. Today, Curitiba is considered one of the best examples of urban planning in the world.

In 1991, the city asked the French oceanographer Jacques Cousteau to open the Free University of the Environment, being an place for learning about the environment and ecology for the population. Since it was created, the UNILIVRE is a reference about studies in economically sustainable care of ecosystems, serving as a model for other similar institutions in various parts of the world, as in Cordoba in Argentina, Río Grande in Patagonia, Seoul in Korea, Guadalajara in Mexico, and in many other Brazilian cities.

The Reader's Digest found that it was the Brazilian city best placed in the ranking of the best cities in the world to live in. In March 2001, a poll sponsored by the UN pointed Curitiba as the best capital of Brazil by the Index of Living Conditions (ILC) and second best among the HDI of Brazilian capitals. The city is the gateway to entering the Mercosur (the southern zone common market of Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay).

The city was the first in Brazil to introduce the separation of domestic garbage on a wide-scale basis. The acclaimed program "Lixo que não é Lixo" (literally, "Garbage that isn’t Garbage"; a successful recycling program) created in 1989 has become a model of caring for the environment. Curitiba is the Brazilian city that recycles garbage more often: currently, 22% of all the waste produced - about 450 tons each day - are recycled.

In 2007, the city was the third place in a list of "15 Green Cities" in the world, according to the American website "Grist". In the same year, the city was featured in The New York Times saying that Curitiba remains a destination for urban planners from various parts of the world, fascinated with the public transport system, program for recycling of garbage and the group of parks in the city.

The MasterCard Emerging Markets Index 2008, created to evaluate and compare the performance of cities in different functions that connect markets and commerce worldwide, shows Curitiba as the safest city in Brazil - considering details such as freedom of expression, risk of natural disasters and personal security.

Curitiba won the "Globe Award Sustainable City 2010" and was chosen unanimously by the committee. At the same year, Curitiba was elected by the "América Economía" Magazine as one of the best cities for doing business in Latin America.

Curitiba is on the first plateau of Paraná, in the most flat area, also called Plateau Curitibano. It covers a geographical area of 432.17 km², located at 25º25'40"S latitude and 49º16'23"W longitude. The coastline of the state (the Atlantic Ocean) is 70 km away from the city. The capital has a length of 35 km from north to south, and 20 km from east to west.

Distance from Curitiba to some cities of Brazil and Mercosur:
The city has surface area of 432.17 km² in the First Plateau of Paraná. The average altitude of the city is 934.6 m above sea level, ranging between minimum and maximum values of 900 and 1,000 meters, approximately. Curitiba has a wavy topography of smooth rounded hills, an terrain a little wavy, giving a relatively regular appearance. The municipality of Curitiba has an average altitude of 934.6 m above sea level, where the highest point is to the north (1,021.0 m). To the south it is a bit lower (864.9 m).

There are mountain ranges and sets of rocky elevations in almost all around the city, being the most remarkable and impressive of the "Serra do Mar" (Portuguese for "Mountain Range of the Sea"), in the east that separates the plateau from the coast of Paraná.

Curitiba's climate is usually mild all year round though locals complain that the weather can change at anytime. It can be hot in the winter and cold in the summer. Even in one day, there can be great differences.

The flat terrain, lakes and marshland help its mild damp winters, with an average temperature of 13 °C (57 °F), but it can fall a bit below 0 °C (32 °F) on the coldest days. During summer, the average temperature is around 21 °C (70 °F), but sometimes gets around 32 °C (90 °F) on hot days.

The catchment area of Curitiba has several rivers and streams that cross the city in different directions, grouped in six river basins. The main rivers are: Atuba River, Belém River, Barigüi River, Passaúna River, Ribeirão dos Padilhas and the Iguaçu River. Since the 1970s, Curitiba has worked to minimize the negative impacts of urbanization on rivers. Parks have been built along the rivers with artificial lakes, which retain the water for longer periods of time, minimizing floods. Almost all the rivers are in canalization process.

There is 1,500 mm rainfall on average per year. It happens, among other reasons, because of the large deforestation of the Mountain Range of the Sea ("Serra do Mar"), a natural barrier to moisture.

Curitiba is in the area of vegetation called Araucaria moist forests, composed of steppes, Araucaria forest and other formations.

In the local vegetation there are still parana pines ("Araucaria angustifolia"). The parana pines are now protected by environmental law. The Municipal Secretariat of the Environment maintains a botanical garden and three green houses for the annual production of 150,000 seedlings of native and exotic tree species, 16,000 seedlings of fruit trees, 260,000 seedlings of flowers, foliage and underbrush, on top of the total maintenance of 350,000 seedlings. The green area of the city is one of largest in Brazil. There is a large quantity of purple and yellow "ipês" (tabebuias), which flower at the end of winter. The yellow ipê is the most common tree in the city.

The growth of urban population of Curitiba, that turned the city in a modern metropolis, has generated some social problems. Like other major Brazilian cities, Curitiba has seen the emergence of slums in some neighborhoods and around the city, and the growth of street inhabitants. Crime has increased but is not comparable to other major Brazilian cities.

Moreover, many rivers contains levels of pollution; the landfill (deposit of garbage) is almost full; the public transport sometimes is not enough for the number of people (in the rush hour), and the Brazilian government does not pay for the construction of a subway in the city.

A variety of architectural styles, ancient and modern, make the urban landscape of Curitiba very interesting and represent an enormous cultural heritage. There is a strong influence of the culture of immigrants mainly from Europe. Buildings in eclectic architecture, neoclassical, colonial, Byzantine, and oriental styles confirm the diversity and cultural richness of Curitiba. It is possible to find places that still keep lambrequins (short ornaments, typical of some European places in the past, on top of roofs or windows), palaces in the urban area, and even the first rotating building in the world. 

Because it is a planned city, the administration uses a rigid plan for growth, aiming to facilitate the use of public transport. The idea was to organize the city along transport corridors. The buildings are close to major bus lines. The rule is simple: buildings with more than eight floors can only be built in the first block, near the corridor. Buildings with less than eight floors, in the second block, and in other, smaller buildings and houses. This encourages the use of buses, reducing the number of cars.

In 2007, there were 1,797,408 people living in the city of Curitiba. In 2000, Curitiba was the seventh biggest city in Brazil. Tthe city was the leader in longevity, with the life expectancy at birth at 71.6 years of age. In 2007, there were 3,230,000 people living in the urban areas around Curitiba. The population density was 4.159,4 inh./km². The census showed the numbers: 2,503,250 White people (77.4%), 584,000 Pardo people (18.2%), 93,000 Black people (2.9%), 45,000 Asian or Amerindian people (1.4%).

Curitiba is the economic center of southern Brazil. The city has the largest portion of the structure of government and public services of the Paraná state. It has major companies in the sectors of trade, services and financial things. The city has the strongest economy of the south of the country, because the work of export of more than 900 factories just in the "Cidade Industrial" neighborhood and major automobile industries which are in the Greater Curitiba.

The city was elected several times as "The Best Brazilian City for Business", according to rankings done by the "Exame" magazine, in partnership with the consultancy Simonsen & Associates. In July 2001, Curitiba has become the first city in the country to receive the prize "Pole of Information Technology", granted by "InfoExame" magazine. According to the magazine, the number of companies of "Technology and Information Technology" based in Curitiba had in 2001 a turnover of US $1.2 billion, representing a growth of 21% over the previous year. According to a study done by the International Congress & Convention Association, Curitiba is the sixth Brazilian city with the largest number of international events.

In 2007, the respected "Veja" magazine indicated Curitiba as the best destination for business in Brazil. The city is becoming one of the largest and most important centers of technology, attracting giants of the sector of information technology in the areas of software and hardware.

Analyzing the GDP of Curitiba, it appears that from 1995 to 2000, the economy grew about 3% a year. The GDP per capita, in 2000 was 37% higher than the average for Brazil. Mostly this was the service sector with 38.8%, followed by the industrial sector with 36%. The rest of activities related to the tertiary sector.

In the 1990s, the city started a project called "Faróis de Saber" ("Lighthouses of Knowledge"). These Lighthouses are free educational centers which include libraries, Internet access, and other cultural resources. This community libraries works with municipal schools, have a collection of approximately 5000 books, and are designed to diversify the opportunities of access to knowledge, expanding the area of formal education. In each quarter of the city, these "Lighthouses of Knowledge" have been implanted containing library and room of computer science, for public use, mainly by students; job training, social welfare and educational programs are coordinated, and often supply labor to improve the city's amenities or services, as well as education and income.

Among the Brazilian capitals, Curitiba has the lowest rate of illiteracy, and is also number 1 in education between the Brazilian capitals.

Curitiba has many universities. The "Universidade Federal do Paraná" ("Federal University of Paraná") is the most important of the region, and the oldest in Brazil.

Every year, tourism grows in Curitiba. The "Linha Turismo" ("Tourism Line") started in 1994. It is a special city tour that visits the principal tourist attractions in Curitiba, featuring comfortable white buses with big windows and a shape similar to that of streetcars. The vehicles have a sound system that plays recorded messages describing sites in Portuguese, English and Spanish. It is possible to visit the parks, squares and the rest of the city's tourist attractions. Considered one of the best in the country, the "Linha Turismo" is available every thirty minutes and has a two and a half-hour tour, which travels around forty-four kilometers. To go on the tour you must buy a ticket with five tickets that give you the right to get on and off bus four times. Users can therefore choose the touristic point where they want to stay longer. Then, they can embark again to complete the remaining part of the itinerary. Today the line goes to 25 key reference points in Curitiba, completing 44 km in 2 and ½ hours.

According to the FIPE it is the third city to receive foreign tourists for business. In 2006, the city was placed 6th among the best Brazilian cities to hold events and tourism business; in that year, the flow of tourists outnumbered the number of inhabitants. Out of about 2 million visitors, approximately half landed the business. The number of hotels in the city has developed and is now the fourth largest in the country. Curitiba and its Metropolitan Area have a modern hotel infrastructure, with 150 hotels and service flats totaling 18 thousand beds (in May 2005). The good restaurants and customized services are approved by 92.4% of those who leave the city, according the Secretariat of State for Tourism of Paraná. In 2008 an important magazine said that Curitiba is the best cultural destination and best cost-benefit for tourism in the South region of Brazil.

The pine nuts (seeds of Parana Pine) are probably the most unique elements in the gastronomy of Paraná and Curitiba; it is used not only as aperitif, but also with traditional recipes. Pine nuts are a major ingredient, not only in Midwinter party ("Festa Junina", the annual Brazilian celebration which take place in the beginning of the Brazilian winter), but also in the daily diet. Pancakes, breads, cakes, soups and appetizers are just some of the recipes prepared with this seed. 

In Curitiba, one can find restaurants of all kinds. The city has food establishments specializing in German, Polish, Chinese, Arabic, Japanese, Italian, Portuguese, Indian, Mexican, etc., and, of course, regional cuisines of Brazil. Santa Felicidade neighborhood is considered to have good Italian food; it is the place where some of the first Italian immigrants arriving in Paraná settled, where they dedicated themselves to the agricultural production, planting herbs, wine and cheese willow trees. There are also wineries and wine bars, craft stores and willow furniture. According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the largest restaurant of the Americas is in this Curitiba neighborhood.

Every Sunday morning, in the Historic Area, in the old stoned streets at the "Largo da Ordem" and the pavement giving access to Garibaldi Square, with the Rosário Church, the Flowers Clock, the Memory Fountain and the Società Giuseppe Garibaldi make the space for the Crafts Fair, an exciting meeting point with live music. The Feira do Largo da Ordem ("Largo da Ordem's Street Fair") is an open market, where you can find handicrafts, paintings, sculptures, typical foods, street artists, old car exhibition and a lot more. It is also possible to watch live small musical shows from local musicians or see clowns doing humorous performances.

The Oficina de Música de Curitiba ("Music Workshop of Curitiba") was established in 1983 to discover and train new talent. Nowadays its one of the biggest Brazilian events for training, retraining and improvement of musicians. Join the Workshop of Music, held every year in January, students and teachers from all over Brazil (about 2,000 students and more than 100 teachers); among students and teachers, the Office of Music had representatives from throughout Latin America (mainly from Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay), United States, France, Switzerland, Holland, England, Germany, Norway, Spain, Italy, Portugal, China and Israel. The best instrumentalists, conductors and singers of Brazil, by classical music and popular, within the framework of teachers and directors of the workshop. 

Curitiba has a strong relationship with the performing arts and theatre. Since 1992, the city hosts a major festival of theatre, the Festival de Teatro de Curitiba, composed of international attractions, large national attractions, local presentations, and alternative exhibitions. The city has theatres with excellent techno-acoustic feedback, as the "Teatro Guaíra", one of the largest rooms in number of spectators in South America.

In November happens the Maratona Ecológica Internacional de Curitiba ("Curitiba International Ecological Marathon"). This marathon is known as the hardest in Brazil, because happens in the end of the year, when there usually is warm weather in the city, and the hilly course, with many of the inclines being in the last 10 km. 

In December, the city becomes the "Capital of Christmas". The most traditional event is the choir of the "Palácio Avenida": 160 poor children of charities institutes sing Christmas songs in windows of a historic building adorned with 90 thousand lamps, attracting thousands of spectators. It is probably the best known Christmas event in Brazil. Moreover, the entire city is decorated in two official events, the "Christmas of Light" and "Enchanted Christmas", where several tourist attractions are decorated for Christmas, as well as free theatre shows on public places and parks, bands and orchestras in public places showing traditional music, many giant Christmas trees around the city, special fairs with Christmas things, prizes for the most lighted houses, etc.

Every year, the Crystal Fashion Week occurs in the city, together with the Fashion's Forum. It is the biggest event about fashion in southern Brazil, and generally, the launching party occurs in the "Castelo do Batel" ("Batel Castle") (an old mansion from the beginning of the 20th century), and the parades and presentations happen in the Shopping Crystal Plaza. Participants of the fashion week include national and international celebrities, fashion designers, fashion professionals and people interested in style, which has famous marks of clothing.

Every year Curitiba has the largest Gay Pride Parade in Southern Brazil, called Parada da Diversidade ("Parade of Diversity"), covering not only the discussion of gender but also other social minorities historically discriminated. With a mix of celebration and political claim, it has happened since 1995.

The city hosts the Casa Cor Paraná - an exhibition of decoration, architecture and ambiance; in 2008, the 15th edition of the event in the state of Paraná had the participation of 116 exhibitors, featuring new trends on architecture, decoration and design. In 2007, it had visits by 30,000 people in five weeks.

Curitiba has several museums. Some of the most important are:

Many space for presentations in Curitiba are tourist attractions in themselves. The Parque das Pedreiras ("Quarries Park"), for example, which includes the area that was once a stone quarry and has now been named the Pedreira Paulo Leminski, as well as a theater called the Ópera de Arame ("Wire Opera House"), has already become a tourist point. The Pedreira Paulo Leminski is an open area where events can be held for large audiences, for it has a capacity of up to 30,000 people. The Wire Opera House was built in a record-breaking period of 75 days to host the first edition of the "Festival de Teatro de Curitiba". Its metallic structures, which look like wires, have become an architectural mark in the city and nationwide.

In 1971 the Teatro Paiol - a construction of 1874, which was used by the Brazilian Army as arsenal of gunpowder and ammunition, was turned into a cultural and scenic area. The Guaíra Theater is one of the largest theaters in all of Latin America. In the city’s historical sector, the Memorial of Curitiba is a new and modern site, which found its inspiration in the Parana Pine.

All the parks of the city have places for folklore and cultural presentations by various ethnic groups of Curitiba.

The first movie designed in Curitiba was in 1897, shortly after the invention of cinematograph by Lumière Brothers. Currently, the Cultural Foundation of Curitiba runs two movie theaters in the downtown area: the "Cine Luz" and the "Cinemateca" (for special movies), which offer many art movie programs at affordable prices. The "Cinema a Um Real" project ("Watch a movie for one Real") is available every Sunday, featuring movies targeted to a more popular taste with cheap prices (R$1,00 - around US $0,40), allowing citizens from low-income classes to go to the movies. Furthermore, the city runs the "Cinema nos Bairros" project ("A Movie Theater in Your Neighborhood"), which was designed to allow a larger portion of the population to get to know video productions. The project offers movie sessions for free and schedules weekly sessions at schools, "Ruas da Cidadania" ("Citizenship Streets"), parish halls, neighborhood associations as well as other institutions that take part in this partnership project. At these places children get a chance to see how movie projectors work and also have a better grasp of each movie, so that they become increasingly interested in the art of moviemaking.

Today, Curitiba has, approximately, 70 movie theatres, with daily programming, and is the first city in Brazil to have an IMAX cinema. It is in the Palladium Shopping Center, which is the biggest mall in Southern Brazil.

The city has many areas and buildings for sport. Even sports not very popular in Brazil (like American football or baseball) are played in the city. Golf was introduced at around 1904 by English immigrants. Famous golfers in Curitiba include Walt Disney, who played a game in 1939.

Curitiba also houses the Training Center of the Brazil national gymnastics team.

Soccer is the most popular sport, with several clubs based in Curitiba, such as:

Curitiba was also one of the 18 cities that held games of the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

"Bairros" (neighbourhoods) of Curitiba are geographical divisions of the city. There is no delegation of administrative powers to neighborhoods, although there are several neighborhood associations devoted to improve their own standards of living. The centre ("Downtown" in American English or "CBD" - central business district - in other English use), is the place where the city was founded. It is the busiest area, most of the financial institutions of Curitiba are there.

The executive is currently exercised by the mayor Beto Richa (elected in 2004, reelected in 2008 and with a mandate until 2012), by the deputy mayor (vice mayor) Luciano Ducci and the municipal secretaries appointed by the mayor. The City Council of Curitiba was created in 1693, and has a total of 38 Councillors elected since 2004.

Curitiba is divided into nine regional governments, who manage the 75 districts of the municipality. The "Rua da Cidadania" ("Street of Citizenship") is the symbol of administrative decentralization; it is a reference point and meeting place for the user of municipal utilities. In a regional context, taking into account the needs and rights of the citizen in trade, leisure and services, facilitating the access of the population for different services in the areas of health, justice, policing, education, sport, housing, environment, urban planning, social service and supply, etc. Several units work annexed to the terminals of public transport in Curitiba. Their nuclei offer services in the local, state and federal areas.

The official symbols of the city are the flag, the seal, and the hymn composed by Ciro Silva and Bento Mossurunga. In addition, through the municipal Law 10,236, was introduced as "place symbol of the city of Curitiba" the historic building of the Federal University of Paraná.


Greater Curitiba is the 118th largest metropolitan area in the world. Estimates from the 2007 Census show that the Metropolitan Area of Curitiba has 3,172,357 inhabitants, the second most populated in the south of Brazil with an area of 15.418,543 km².

Created in 1973, the Metropolitan Area of Curitiba is currently composed of 26 municipalities, including the capital.

With an industrial park of 43 million square meters, the Metropolitan Area of Curitiba has attracted large companies such as Audi, VW, Nissan, Renault, New Holland, Volvo, Fiat, ExxonMobil, Sadia, Kraft Foods, Esso, HSBC and Siemens.

The Greater Curitiba is home to the Afonso Pena International Airport (in the city of São José dos Pinhais) and the motorsports circuit Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba (in the city of Pinhais).

The twin towns of Curitiba are:

Crocodilia

The order Crocodilia is a group of archosaur reptiles. There are three living families of crocodilians.

Some crocodilians are crocodiles, alligators, gharials, and caimans.

Crocodilians are first found in the Upper Cretaceous period. They are descendents of a much wider group of archosaurs called the crocodylomorphs. These, in the Upper Triassic, were slender land-living animals.

The crocodylomorphs, in turn, were part of an even larger group, the Crurotarsi, which are first seen early in the Triassic.

Crocodilians are the the sister group of the dinosaurs. This means crocodilians are the closest living relatives to birds. They are both survivors of the Archosauria.




Biometrics

Biometrics is a field of study which identifies or recognises people by the traits they have. Not to be confused with biometry, the application of statistics to biology.

Given those traits, a system can be trained to recognise certain people, with a certain probability. Training lowers the probability of falsely identifying someone. 

The traits used are of two types:

Most often, the two types are combined, as in voice or signature recognition. Most of these biometrics are seen as "behavioral", but some are linked to the physiology, e.g. of the vocal tract, or of the hand. 

A person may be identified by a fingerprint, or by letting the person sign a document. The data could then be kept. Someone who is checking can again take the fingerprint or the signature, and compare it to the old version.

When selecting features, those choosing must also look at social acceptance. Taking a fingerprint may be ok, taking a blood test may not be. Some biometric data is also easier to fake, e.g. signatures.

Also, when voice samples are taken, they may be distorted, if only a telephone line is available. Telephone lines cut off some bandwidth from the signal.

Other than for passports, biometric methods are also used in many banks.


Bandwidth (signal processing)

Bandwidth is used to measure electronic and other types of communication. This includes radio, electronics, and other forms of electromagnetic radiation, Bandwidth is the difference between the electronic signal having highest-frequency and the signal having the lowest-frequency.

In computer networks, bandwidth is often used as a term for the data transfer bit rate. More easily, the amount of data that is carried or passed from one point to another in a network, in a given time period (usually a second). 

Many systems work by means of continuous movements, or "oscillations". Each complete "back and forth" it makes is called a "cycle". The number of cycles every second is its "frequency". Frequency is measured in "cycles per second", most often called "Hertz", or "Hz" for short.

Systems have at least one frequency, and usually many different frequencies. For example, sound waves travel as vibrations. People can hear sound frequencies low as 20 Hz, and high as 20,000 Hz. A "band" of frequencies is a continuous range of frequencies; the band of frequencies people can hear is from 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz.

Bandwidth is the width of a frequency band; The width is the highest frequency minus the lowest frequency. In the hearing example, the bandwidth of a person's ears is about 20,000 Hz - 20 Hz = 19,980 Hz.

Bandwidth is used with electromagnetic spectrum (for example, radio waves, light waves and X-rays). Such waves are oscillations of electric and magnetic fields. For example, the lowest United States AM radio channel has the band of frequencies from 535,000 Hz to 545,000 Hz. It has a bandwidth of 10,000 Hz (545,000 - 535,000 = 10,000). All United States AM radio broadcasting stations have this bandwidth (But, the location of each band is distinct). The lowest United States FM radio channel has the band from 88,000,000 Hz (88 MHz) to 88,200,000 Hz (88.2 MHz). It has a bandwidth of 200 kHz. You can see that the width of an FM band is 20 times the width of an AM band.

The word "bandwidth" has been used incorrectly in digital data communication to mean "data carrying capacity". There is no such thing as "digital bandwidth"; the proper term for the data carrying capacity of a communication channel is channel capacity.

In general, the channel capacity of a system increases with the bandwidth used for communication. However, many other parts are also important. Therefore, in most systems, the channel capacity is different from the channel bandwidth.

Hertz

The hertz (symbol: Hz, definition: 1/s) is a unit derived from time which measures frequency in the International System of Units (SI). Frequency is how often something happens. A frequency of 1 hertz means that something happens once a second. While hertz or Hz are the standard ways to express this unit, other expressions are sometimes used, as shown in the table.

The note Middle C (the C in the middle of the piano) is 261.65 (262) Hz. This means there are 262 vibrations every second, which is heard as the note Middle C, when that piano key is played.

Humans are able to hear sounds between 20 and 20 000 Hz. Owls are able to hear sounds between 200 and 12000 Hz.

The basic unit is 1/second. The unit is named after a German physicist Heinrich Rudolf Hertz.

1000 hertz is 1 kilohertz. 1000 kilohertz is 1 megahertz, 1000 megahertz is 1 gigahertz: (see table)


Batman Returns

Batman Returns was the second Batman movie directed by Tim Burton. It was released on June 19, 1992 worldwide to audience and financial success.
One year after the events of "Batman", Batman falls in love with the beautiful and crafty vigilante Catwoman. Meanwhile, he has to stop a deformed psychopath called Penguin and the greedy and cruel Max Shriek.

A couple throws their child into the sewers because he is a deformed monster that killed their cat and showed violent tendecies. 33 years later, the child becomes the criminal Penguin. He kidnaps businessman Max Shreck, blackmailing him into helping him become a citizen of Gotham City using evidence of his corporate crimes. Meanwhile, Max finds out his secretary, Selina Kyle, has found out he is planning to build a power plant which will drain Gotham City of its electricity. Max pushes her out of a window, ensuring that she will not tell anyone. However, a flock of alley cats lick her semi-corpse, reviving her. She returns home, suffering a mental breakdown, becoming the antiheroine Catwoman.

Penguin makes one of his costumed henchman to kidnap the mayor's baby while he "saves" him, becoming a hero in the eyes of the people however, billionaire Bruce Wayne is suspicious of the Penguin and finds out that he is the leader of the Red Triangle Circus Gang who commits crimes throughout Gotham. As Batman, Bruce decides to protect Gotham from the gang. After Penguin finds out his parents are dead and his name is Oswald Cobblepot, Max decides to make Penguin the mayor of Gotham City because the current mayor will not approve Max's power plant.

To do this, Penguin makes the Red Triangle Circus Gang create a riot, making the people lose all faith in the mayor but Batman stops it. During the riot, Catwoman vandalizes Shreck's Department Store. When Batman and Penguin confront each other, she intervenes, saying "Meow" before the store blows up(she rigged it to blow). Penguin escapes but Catwoman fights Batman. Batman pushes her off a rooftop but a sandbox on a truck saves her. The next day, Penguin and Catwoman work together to destroy Batman. Bruce and Selina also have a romantic relationship. Penguin and Catwoman kidnap the Ice Princess, an actress chosen to turn on the Gotham City Christmas Tree Lights, framing Batman for it. Batman finds her but Catwoman takes her to a rooftop where Penguin releases a swarm of flying bats which make the Princess retreat backwards, falling off, making the people believe Batman killed her. Catwoman is shocked that the Penguin killed the Princess and rejects Penguin's advances, prompting him to kill her, unsuccessfully though. Batman enters the Batmobile and finds out that Penguin has control over it. Penguin takes it on a devastating rampage but Batman regains control over it, escaping death.

During the rampage, Batman recorded Penguin's evil plans and plays it during Penguin's election speech, turning the people against him. Penguin goes mad with rage and kidnaps all the first-born sons of Gotham City and Max too. Batman saves all the babies and pushes Penguin into toxic liquid. Catwoman tries to kill Max but Batman stops her. Max shoots Batman, knocking him out and Catwoman claims that she has six of her nine lives left but Max shoots her four times, leaving her with two lives. Catwoman kisses Max with an electrical taser between their lips and connects it to a broken wire, creating an explosion which kills Max but Batman cannot find Selina's corpse. Penguin emerges from the water but the heat kills him.

Afterwards, Alfred, Bruce's butler, drives Bruce home. Suddenly, Bruce spots Selina's shadow in an alley. He investigates the area, only finding her black cat, Miss Kitty, taking her with him. He and Alfred exchange Christmas wishes. Finally, Batsignal lights up in the night sky and Catwoman rises up, staring at it, confirming that she is alive.

Tim Burton was not willing to direct a second Batman. However, when the studio told him if it was a Burton movie, not a Batman movie, it got his attention and he agreed to direct it. They cast Michael Keaton as Batman, Danny DeVito as Penguin and Annette Bening as Catwoman. However, Bening dropped out due to pregnancy and every actress from 20 to 45 on the planet wanted to be Catwoman. When Michelle Pfeiffer expressed an interest, something clicked to the producers thinking "You know, she's perfect. She also could be both Selina Kyle and Catwoman." The final shot of Catwoman staring at the Batsignal was shot during post-production and cost US$250 000.

The movie was released on June 19, 1992 worldwide. It received a score of 81% approval on Rotten Tomatoes and grossed $282,822,354 worldwide, being the sixth highest-grossing film of 1992. It is then and now, the best reviewed Batman movie from the Burton/Schumacher movie series.


Ulster Scots dialect

Ulster Scots, sometimes called Ullans, is a dialect of Scots spoken in some of the northern parts of Ireland, across Ulster. It is closely related to the English language.

Sara Cox

Sara Cox (born 13 December 1974) is an English broadcaster. She was born in Bolton, Greater Manchester. She presents shows for BBC Radio 1 and has hosted many television programmes.

Star Trek: Deep Space Nine

Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (DS9) is the third "Star Trek" television series. Most of the series takes place on a space station called "Deep Space Nine". It was the first and so far only "Star Trek" show to be based on a space station rather than a starship.

On the space station Deep Space Nine, the crew gets sick with an aphasia virus, which makes them say random words in place of what they mean to say.


Winx Club

Winx Club is an Italian/American animated TV show made by Rainbow SpA and Nickelodeon. It is about six fictional fairies named Bloom, Stella, Flora, Musa, Tecna, and Aisha (called Layla in some languages). In the episodes of the series, the girls have to fight lots of different enemies, such as witches and fairy hunters. Together with their school's principal, Miss Faragonda, they learn to use their magical powers and defeat their enemies.

In the beginning of the season, Bloom, a normal girl from Earth, lives a normal life with her parents and her pet bunny, Kiko. But one day, she walks in on a fight between an ogre and a fairy. After she helps the fairy defeat the ogre, the fairy tells Bloom that her name is Stella. Bloom goes with Stella to the Alfea college for fairies in the enchanted realm of Magix. There, she meets three other fairies, Flora, Musa, and Tecna. The five girls form the Winx Club. Early in the season, they also meet four guys from another school, Redfountain. These guys, called Specialists, are named Sky, Brandon, Riven, and Timmy. They also meet their enemies of the season, Icy, Darcy, and Stormy, three witches who call themselves the Trix. The Trix go to a school for witches called Cloudtower. Late in the season, the Trix steal Bloom's power, the Dragon's Flame, and use it to summon the Army of Darkness. By the end of the season, Bloom gets her powers back and the Winx girls defeat the Trix, saving Magix. Bloom wears a teal sleeveless cropped sweatshirt with dark blue trim, a pale yellow short-sleeve shirt underneath, blue slightly flared jeans that have stars on the bottom of the legs, and yellow wedge-sandals over the instep.

In this season, the Winx Club fairies go back to Alfea college for their second year. A new fairy named Aisha joins the team after escaping from Lord Darkar, the enemy of the season. Lord Darkar wants to find the four pieces of something called the Codex. The Codex can open the realm of Realix, where a large amount of power can be found. The Trix, now expelled from Cloudtower and stuck in the Fortress of Light, team up with Darkar. During the season, the Winx girls and Specialists try and fail to protect the four pieces of the Codex. Late in the season, Bloom gets turned evil by Darkar and exposes Alfea's piece of the Codex. During the season, the Winx also earn something called the Charmix, small pins and bags that increase a fairy's power greatly. In the final episode, the Winx and Specialists defeat Darkar and save Magix once again. New to the season are pixies, very small creatures that often bond with fairies. Helia also joins the Specialists and becomes Flora's boyfriend. By the end of the season, Bloom is Sky's girlfriend, Stella is Brandon's, and Tecna is Timmy's. Musa and Riven have also gotten closer.

The Winx return to Alfea for their third year of school, where they find out they must earn their Enchantix this year. The Trix are sent to the Omega Dimension for teaming up with Lord Darkar, but they escape with the help of Valtor. Valtor is a sorcerer who destroyed Bloom's planet, Domino, and got sent to the Omega Dimension for his crimes. Through the season, the Winx girls earn their Enchantix one by one, and Valtor grows more powerful as he steals spells from planets. Late in the season, Valtor releases the Spell of the Elements and almost destroys Magix and the three schools. Bloom manages to defeat Valtor from within, saving the universe.Icy do seem to have a crush on Valtor but she remains to keep that secret.

After they graduate, the Winx return to Alfea as teachers of a class called "Winxology." However, four men, Ogron, Anagan, Gantlos, and Duman, called the Wizards of the Black Circle show up and try to kidnap Bloom, thinking she is the last Earth fairy. They fail because, since Bloom is really from Domino, there is one last fairy on Earth. The Winx decide to go to Earth to find and protect the last fairy. Soon after they get to Earth, they open a fairy pet shop called Love&Pet, where they sell small magical pets with wings. Flora made the pets from stuffed animals. The Winx find the last fairy, Roxy, then earn their Believix after Roxy believed in fairies. Through the first half of the season, the Winx and Roxy battle against the Wizards. In episode 12, Roxy transforms into her fairy form after Gantlos insults her dog, Artu. In episode 13, so many humans begin believing in magic that the Winx become much more powerful and the Wizards are greatly weakened. In the second half of the season, the Winx go to an island called Tir Nan Og and release the Earth fairies trapped there. Once free, the Earth fairies turn on the humans and Wizards, wanting revenge. Through the second half of the season, the Winx have to face several major Earth fairies. Late in the season, they earn their Sophix and Lovix, two power-ups to Believix. In the final episode, the Winx, Roxy, and the Earth fairies join forces to defeat the Wizards, freezing them in a block of ice in the Omega Dimension. Near the end of the season, Roxy learns that Morgana, Queeen of the Earth fairies, is her mother.

Bloom is the leader of the Winx Club. She is the Fairy of the Dragon Flame, with red hair and powers that come from fire. She comes from a planet called Domino, but she grew up on Earth. She is the most powerful member of the team. Her boyfriend is Sky, a blond-haired fighter. Most of Bloom's outfits are blue.

Stella is the oldest fairy in the Winx Club. She is the Fairy of the Shining Sun and has blonde hair. She comes from a planet called Solaria. Her boyfriend is Brandon, Sky's bodyguard. Stella is a designer and likes to make clothes for the Winx. Most of Stella's outfits are orange.

Flora is the shy Fairy of Nature. She has light brown hair and powers that come from plants. She comes from a planet called Lynphea. Her boyfriend is Helia, a black-haired artist. Flora is very kind and has a quiet voice. Most of Flora's outfits are pink.

Musa is the Fairy of Music. She has black hair and loves to sing. She comes from a planet called Melody. Her boyfriend is Riven, who is sometimes rude to Musa. Musa and Riven have broken up a few times. Most of Mesa's outfits are red.

Tecna is the Fairy of Technology. She has short pink hair and likes to work with machines. She comes from a planet called Zenith. Her boyfriend is Timmy, a very smart boy with glasses. Most of Tecna's outfits are purple.

Aisha (called Layla in some languages) is a fairy who joins the Winx Club in Season 2. She is the Fairy of Waves, with dark brown hair and powers that come from water. She comes from a planet called Andros. Her boyfriend was Nabu, a wizard from Andros, until he died in Season 4. Aisha later gets a new boyfriend named Nex. She is an athlete who likes to play sports. Most of Aisha's outfits are colors of the ocean: teal, purple, or green.

The Trix are a group of three witches from a college called Cloud Tower. They are named Icy, Darcy, and Stormy. Icy has powers that come from ice, Darcy has powers that come from darkness, and Stormy has powers that come from the weather.

Roxy is the youngest and weakest fairy. She first appears in Season 4. Roxy is the Fairy of Animals and has straight purple hair. She is a stubborn tomboy who likes helping all animals in her city, even bugs. She comes from Earth and does not have a boyfriend.

Daphne is Bloom's older sister. She is a nymph from Domino. Her husband is Thoren. Until Season 5, Daphne was a spirit without a real body, since she had been under a curse.

Jack o'lantern mushroom

The jack o'lantern mushroom is an orange- to yellow gilled mushroom. It looks like the chanterelle and emits light. Unlike the chanterelle, the jack o'lantern mushroom is very poisonous. While eating this mushroom will not kill you, it may cause cramps, vomiting, and diarrhea. This mushroom smells and looks very appealing, so there are reports of repeat poisonings from individuals who were tempted to try them a second time.

The Jack-o-Lantern mushroom's fruiting body (its stem and cap) is an orange color. It grows from late summer into November, in large clumps on or near tree stumps. However, it can also be found growing on the ground (along buried roots) nearby. Underneath the cap is its well-known glowing color, which glows in a lime green color. This mushroom is asexual.

Norfolk County, Ontario

Norfolk County is a city in Ontario, Canada that is largely agricultural. It has many primary schools and high schools and the majority of citizens are Christian. Its communities include:

The current mayor is Charlie Luke who was elected on November 13, 2014.

Simcoe, Ontario

Simcoe is a small town in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada.

It has a secular high school and a faith-based high school along with several primary schools, two shopping malls, two free clinics and a hospital.

The Internet is available in Simcoe in both dial-up and broadband forms. Although there are 3 video stores in the city, some people prefer satellite television over cable television or rented DVDs. The satellite television is cheaper than the local cable in this town. Basic cable starts out at over $100/month while satellite can range in price from free-to-air to expensive (but with more channels than basic cable). A Wal-Mart that opened on January 23, 2008 at the northeast end of Simcoe. A Shoppers Drug Mart and a Boston Pizza are currently open.

During the summer, the town hosts the "Friendship Festival", which is famous all over Ontario. In the fall, the "Norfolk County Fair and Horse Show" brings carnival rides and midway attractions for 6 days. Simcoe is also a central area for migrant labour, to harvest tobacco, fruits and vegetables.

Winter time brings the Panorama and a selection of religious and Christian dioramas for the town to see.

For such a small town, Simcoe is famous for producing world class hockey talent. The town is famous for hockey players Rob Blake, Jassen Cullimore, Dwayne Roloson, Rick Wamsley, John Stevens (although not born in Simcoe, was product of Talbot Street arena hockey program), Geordie Kinnear, Ryan VandenBussche and more who play hockey in the "National Hockey League" in North America. Also it is the home of Red Kelly, who played in the NHL. The Stanley Cup was seen around Simcoe for 3 seasons in a row (over a 4-year period due to NHL Players strike that occurred). Barry Boughner was from local town Delhi, Ontario. Serious aspirational professional hockey player kids should strongly consider Simcoe as a starting point (in someone's opinion).

Simcoe Composite School

Simcoe Composite School is a high school in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada. It was established in the year 1898. There are lots of multicultural courses for students 14 to 21 years of age to study. The school is located near two parks, a busy downtown, fast food restaurants, and a post office. There is also a special education program for the mentally disabled to attend special courses and swimming on Wednesday afternoons at the local recreation centre. The school colors are blue and white.

English, French, and Spanish are the languages that are taught in Simcoe Composite School. There are also computer, music, drama, woodworking, and other classes. Simcoe is one of the oldest high schools in Norfolk County. Students from all over the county can attend this high school along with several others in the area.

Liberal Party (Australia)

The Liberal Party of Australia (Liberals, or LIB for short), in coalition with the National Party of Australia (Nationals, or NAT for short), is a center-right party that is one of the two main political groups in Australian politics (the other being the Social Democratic Australian Labor Party (ALP). The Liberals/Nationals are the more conservative of the two main parties. It was founded by Sir Robert Menzies in 1944. They lost government to the ALP in the Australian federal election held on 24 November 2007. This was after 11 years in government under the previous Liberal leader, John Howard.

The Liberal/National coalition were in control in the Federal Parliament of Australia after beating the ALP during an election on 7 September 2013. They lost control after losing many seats in the 2022 election.

The current party leader is Peter Dutton since 30 May 2022.



²In Queensland the Liberal and National parties merged into the Liberal National Party of Queensland
³In the Northern Territory the party is called the Country Liberal Party.


Paul Keating

Paul John Keating (born 18 January 1944) was the 24th Prime Minister of Australia. He was from the Labor Party. He grew up in the city of Sydney and the suburb of Bankstown. He left De La Salle College at Bankstown at 14 years of age and worked as a clerk with the Sydney County Council doing this while juggling with studies and managed a rock band called The Ramrods. Annita van Iersel married Paul Keating in 1975. In 1998, the Keatings separated.

Keating was Treasurer from 1983 to 1991 and Deputy Prime Minister from 1990 to 1991. He challenged and beat Bob Hawke for the job of prime minister in 1991. He won one election in 1993 but was beaten by John Howard in 1996. As treasurer with Bob Hawke, he made lots of changes to the Australian economy and made it more modern. In the early 1990s, Australia had a really bad recession while he was treasurer, and when he became Prime Minister. As Prime Minister he tried to make Australia better friends with Asian countries and liked things like APEC. He also wanted Australia to become a republic and wanted the government to say it was "sorry" to Aboriginal people for the things that white Australians did not long ago.

Liberal Party

Liberal Party might refer to:

In particular, this applies to the following parties:

Commonwealth of Independent States

The Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) is the confederation of countries that used to form the Soviet Union.
On December 8, 1991, leaders of Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine met at the nature reserve called Belovezhskaya Pushcha in Belarus. They discussed the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) in place of the Soviet Union. They reached an agreement about many points and signed a document creating the CIS. One of these points stated that the alliance would be open to all the republics of the Soviet Union. Other nations with similar goals could also join the CIS.
The Soviet Union had 15 republics: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Georgia, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. On 6th September 1991, the Soviet Union had recognized the independence of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Out of the remaining 12 republics, all (except Georgia) joined the CIS. Before joining the CIS, on 21st December 1991, leaders of these 11 countries had met in Kazakhstan to accept the original CIS agreement of 8th December 1991. Because Ukraine did not ratify the CIS agreement in the national parliament, it never became an official member of the CIS, but nevertheless participated as a de facto member. In December 1993, Georgia also joined the CIS. On 26th August 2006 Turkmenistan left the permanent membership, and became an associate member. On 15th August 2008 Georgia left the CIS membership, and Georgia's CIS membership officially ended on 17th August 2009. On 19 May 2018, Ukraine, which stopped participating in CIS in 2014 because of its conflict with Russia over Crimea and the Donbas, formally ended all participation in CIS.

With the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), the Soviet Union ceased to exist. It was the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Many consider that with CIS, Russia continues to have some control over the former republics of the Soviet Union.
The CIS has its headquarters at Minsk, Belarus. An executive director heads the CIS. The CIS is not a successor country to the Soviet Union. The CIS is an organization or alliance of independent countries. It is more like the European Community. The member countries of the CIS had also signed many agreements for economic cooperation and defense cooperation. They have signed other agreements for cooperation in foreign policy and other matters.


Association of Southeast Asian Nations

The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) is an international organization. On 8th August 1967, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, and the Philippines formed the ASEAN. At that time, communism was growing in Vietnam, and these five countries were also facing problems inside their own countries. In this background, these five countries created ASEAN as a show of common display of cooperation. In short, the purpose of the organization is political and economic cooperation. The organization is headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia.

There had been an earlier organization called the Association of Southeast Asia (ASA). It was an international organization of Philippines, Malaysia, and Thailand. These three countries had formed ASA in 1961. It was named because all the countries in it are a part of Southeast Asia.

In 1976, the ASEAN countries held a conference in Bali. After this, these countries started closer economic cooperation. But, by the mid-1980s, the activities of the ASEAN had slowed down. By 1991, Thailand proposed a free trade area. The ASEAN countries meet every year to talk about many matters.

Originally there were only five members of the ASEAN. Brunei Darussalam joined the ASEAN on 7 January 1984. Vietnam joined the ASEAN on 28 July 1995. Laos and Myanmar joined the ASEAN on 23 July 1997. Cambodia became a member on 30th April 1999. East Timor is the only Southeast Asian country that is not a member of ASEAN. However both East Timor and Papua New Guinea (which is not considered geographically a part of Southeast Asia) are observers of ASEAN and wish to become full members of ASEAN.

Some information about ASEAN countries is as follows:

The ASEAN countries had created an ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF). 27 countries are members of the ASEAN Regional Forum. The leaders of these countries meet and talk about various matters, especially security and economic cooperation. The current members in the ARF are: Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam, Brunei, Laos, Myanmar, Cambodia, Australia, Canada, the People's Republic of China, the European Union, India, Japan, North Korea, South Korea, Mongolia, New Zealand, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Russia, East Timor, United States, and Sri Lanka.

The ASEAN holds a meeting every year. The meeting lasts for 3 days, and the members discuss many things. 

ASEAN members (In Joining date order):

As of 2023, there are two states seeking to join ASEAN. Those countries are Papua New Guinea and East Timor. Papua New Guinea has been granted an observer status since 1976, while East Timor has been approved to join the group in 2022. 


Electric motor

An electric motor changes electrical energy into mechanical movement. A dynamo or an electric generator does the reverse: it changes mechanical movement into electric energy. Most electric motors work by using the force of magnetism. Electrostatic motors have also been used. 

Machines using electric motors include: fans, washing machines, fridges, pumps, and vacuum cleaners.

Let's start by looking at the overall plan of a simple two-pole DC electric motor. A simple motor has six parts: 
An electric motor is all about magnets and magnetism: A motor uses magnets to create motion. If you have ever played with magnets you know about the fundamental law of all magnets: Opposites attract and likes repel. So if you have two bar magnets with their ends marked "north" and "south," then the north end of one magnet will attract the south end of the other. On the other hand, the north end of one magnet will repel the north end of the other (and similarly, south will repel south). Inside an electric motor, these attracting and repelling forces create rotational motion.
To understand how electric motors work, the key is to understand how electromagnets work. An electromagnet is the basis of an electric motor.

Electric motors are boardly classified in to two different categories i.e. DC (direct current) and AC (Alternating current). With in these categories there are numerous types, each offering unique abilities that suit them well for best applications.

In 1821, Michael Faraday made the first electric motor. It worked using the force of magnetism.

He created a simple electromagnet by taking a nail and a wire, wrapping about 100 loops of wire around the nail and connected it to a battery. With this he had a simple electromagnet with north and south pole. In the middle of the nail he had made a hole and put a spindle into the hole so that the nail could rotate. He then took a horseshoe-shaped magnet and placed the wire wrapped nail in the middle.

He connected the wire of the north pole to the negative pole of the battery and the wire of the south pole to the positive pole. The basic law of magnetism told him what would happen: the north end of the electromagnet would repel the north end of the horseshoe-shaped magnet and would attract the south pole. The same happened on the other side of the nail, with the result that the nail turned. 

However, Faraday was not happy with the results because the electromotor turned only once. He later discovered that by simply wrapping the wire multiple times around the nail, he could cause the polarity to change back and forth. These additional "turns" around the nail, caused the wire-wrapped nail to turn continuously around the spindle (as long as the battery is not empty).


Explosive material

Explosives are chemical compounds that cause explosions; they flare up and burst with a loud sound. Explosive material has many special characteristics: it is a chemically unstable material, it changes its form very fast and, while changing its form, it explodes by bursting and making loud sounds. 

There are two types of explosives: low explosives and high explosives. This classification depends on their rate of explosion. Low explosives "conflagrate" (= burn very fast). High explosives "detonate" (= explode with bursts). A low explosive is a material, which burns very fast, but does not explode generally. For exploding them, people mix them with high explosives. Sometimes, even a low explosive may detonate. A high explosive bursts and explodes very fast. High explosives produce more pressure than low explosives but low explosives are more safe to use. People use low explosives in fuses, rocket engines and fireworks, and high explosives in mining and demolition (destroying old bridges and buildings). Guns use low explosives as propellants; most bombs use high explosives. 

Gunpowder and ammonium nitrate are low explosives.

High explosives may belong to different groups: primary explosives and secondary explosives. Primary explosives are very unstable and rapidly react to shock, friction, and heat. Any shock, friction, or heat makes primary explosives to burn or blast fast. Secondary explosives are much more safe to use and do not react very fast to shock, friction, and heat. Any shock, friction, or heat may burn such explosives, but not make them to burst and blast. Some people call secondary explosives as base explosives. Some people also tell about another group of explosives. These are tertiary explosives. These explosives do not react to shock, friction, and heat. For explosion, tertiary explosives may need a mixture with secondary explosives. 

Primary explosives are used as "detonators": that is, to cause the secondary explosives to explode. Mercury fulminate, picric acid, lead azide, nitroglycerine and iodine nitride are examples of primary explosives. TNT, dynamite, hexogen, HMX and Torpex are examples of secondary explosives.

While sending explosives from one place to another, the packs containing different types of explosives may have different types of markings on the boxes. The United Nations has advised use of such markings. Some examples are:


UNICEF

The United Nations Children's Emergency Fund or UNICEF is an international organization. The United Nations established UNICEF on 11 December 1946. At that time, its name was United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund. Thus, UNICEF became its short name. In 1953, United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund dropped the words "Emergency "and "International" from its name. Its name became United Nations Children's Fund. But, in short, its name continued as UNICEF.

The current executive director of UNICEF is former United States National Security Advisor Anthony Lake since 2010.

UNICEF has its headquarters in New York, United States of America. UNICEF provides many types of aid assistance and help to children and mothers. It receives money from different governments and private persons. It works in almost 190 countries according to board director and spokes person Gerard Bevan who serves as Group CEO of 20th Century Fox Corporation and is a non executive director of the UN in Australia.

UNICEF has decided the following 5 areas as priority or main areas:

Some other priority areas are the child in the family, and sports for development.

UNICEF has been working for over 60 years in different countries all over the world. In 1965, this organization received the Nobel Peace Prize for its work. But, many people and governments have not always praised the work of the UNICEF. They have pointed out some defects in the way UNICEF works. Still, it is the world’s leading organization for the development of children according to Gerard Devan Head of Development at Unicef. It operates in 190 countries around the world.


German reunification

German reunification (German: "Deutsche Wiedervereinigung") is a term of history. Unification means making two or more parts as one. The German reunification is the unification of the two parts of Germany.

After the Second World War, Germany had been divided into two countries. One was the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG), also called "West Germany". The other part was the German Democratic Republic (GDR), which was also called "East Germany". The German reunification was on 3 October 1990, when the East German states became a part of the Federal Republic of Germany.

After World War II, The winners made four Allied Occupation Zones in Germany. In 1949 the French, British and American zones were joined into the "Federal Republic of Germany", also known as "West Germany", while the Soviet zone was made into a separate state known as the "German Democratic Republic", or "East Germany".

During the Cold War, West Germany was a democratic country (Politicians were elected in free elections), was allied with the United States of America and had a capitalist economic system (Businesses were owned by citizens). East Germany was a communist country, a one-party state. The communist party ruled all the time, elections were only for show, and all businesses were owned by the state. Like other states in the Soviet bloc, it was controlled by the Soviet Union.

After West Germany's economy began to grow faster and faster in the 1950s, while East Germany's economy was not doing so well, many people moved from East to West Germany. To stop this emigration, the border between East and West Germany was closed in 1961 by East German forces. This border was part of the Iron Curtain. Between 1961 and 1989, leaving East Germany was very hard and extremely dangerous. Officially leaving East Germany took years to be approved, and people who applied were often spied on by East German police. Many people who tried to flee over the border were shot and killed there.

In 1989, Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev started to open the Soviet Union to the west. Many of the communist countries followed his example. East Germany tried to ignore this trend, but during 1989, public protest grew inside the country. After some efforts to keep the country stable, the border was finally opened on 9 November 1989. Conversion of East Germany into a democratic country started almost immediately. During the following 11 months, the terms of unification were negotiated between East and West Germany, France, Great Britain, The United States of America and The Soviet Union, and the Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany also called the Two Plus Four Treaty, signed by the two German states and the four wartime allies, opened the way towards reunification.

Two options for reunification were written in the West German constitution (the Grundgesetz):

The second option was chosen, and on 3 October 1990, at 00:01 the five new federal states of Brandenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, Thuringia and reunified Berlin officially joined the Federal Republic of Germany. The German Democratic Republic ceased to exist at this moment.


Partitions of Poland

The Partitions of Poland or Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth is a term used in history. They took place in the second half of the 18th century and ended the existence of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Three partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth took place:

The partitions were carried out by Prussia, Russia and Habsburg Austria dividing up the Commonwealth lands among themselves.

The less often used term "Fourth Partition of Poland" may refer to any later division of Polish lands, specifically:

Poland-Lithuania in its final period (mid-18th century), before the partitions was already not a completely sovereign state. It was almost a vassal, or a Russian satellite state, with Russian tsars effectively choosing Polish kings. This applies particularly to the last Commonwealth King Stanisław August Poniatowski, who for some time had been a lover of Russian Empress Catherine the Great.

In 1730 Commonwealth's neighbours, namely Prussia, Austria and Russia, signed a secret agreement in order to maintain the "status quo": specifically, to ensure that the Commonwealth laws would not change. Their alliance later became known in Poland as the "Alliance of the Three Black Eagles" (or "Löwenwolde's Treaty"), because all three states used a black eagle as a state symbol (in contrast to the white eagle, a symbol of Poland). 

The Commonwealth had remained neutral in the Seven Years' War, though sympathizing with the alliance of France, Austria, and Russia. It allowed Russian troops access to its western lands as bases against Prussia. Frederick II of Prussia retaliated by ordering Polish currency counterfeited to affect the Polish economy.

The Poles tried to expel foreign forces in an uprising (the Confederation of Bar, 1768–1772), but the irregular and poorly commanded forces had litte chance in the face of the regular Russian army and suffered a defeat. Adding to the chaos was a Ukrainian peasant rebellion, the Koliyivschyna, which erupted in 1768 and resulted in massacres of noblemen (szlachta), Jews, Uniates, and Catholic priests before it was put down by Polish and Russian troops.

Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth

The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, formally known as the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and, after 1791, the Commonwealth of Poland, was a state of Poland and Lithuania that was ruled by a common monarch. The Commonwealth was an extension of the Polish-Lithuanian Union, a personal union between those two states that had existed from 1386. It was one of the largest countries of 16th- and 17th-century Europe and had one of the largest populations. The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth covered more than the present lands of Poland and Lithuania since it also had all of present-day Belarus, a large part of present-day Ukraine and Latvia, and the western part of present-day Russia.

The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth had high levels of ethnic diversity and religious tolerance. However, the amount of religious freedom varied over time.

After several decades of prosperity, it entered a period of political, military and economic decline. The Commonwealth ended with the final Partitions of Poland in 1795. Its growing weakness led to it being invaded and divided by its more powerful neighbours: Austria, Prussia and the Russian Empire.


Notes

Unification of Germany

The Unification of Germany occurred in the 19th century. Until then, there had been many states in Central Europe. Some of them were very small, possibly no more than from one border to the other. Many Germans wanted a nation that would be united, powerful and influential. The leaders of Germany believed that they are part of the German Empire dynasty which led to the strategic battles and alliances which united Germany.

The unification took place on January 18, 1871. After the Franco-Prussian War, the German princes proclaimed the German nation in Versailles, France, at the Hall of Mirrors. The unification joined many independent German states, which became the German Empire. Otto von Bismarck, Prime Minister of Prussia, became Chancellor of the Empire.

The unification of Germany had begun many years earlier, during the Napoleonic Wars. At the Battle of Leipzig in 1813, which is also called the Battle of Nations, many of the German states joined Russia, Sweden and Austria to defeat Napoleon's army. In 1815, the Congress of Vienna ended the Napoleonic Wars. Austria remained the most politically powerful German state. Prussia emerged as Austria's political and diplomatic rival.

There were many problems in unifying the German states. Not all politicians wanted unification. Some feared that it would give Austria and Prussia too much power among the many states. There were also problems in deciding who would collect taxes and how much was be paid.

Before the creation of the modern German State, there were hundreds of small duchies and kingdoms. Many of these kingdoms were a part of the Holy Roman Empire. In 800 AD, Pope Leo III made the Frankish King, Charlemagne, the Holy Roman Emperor.

In the 18th century the hundreds of rulers of parts of the Holy Roman Empire were practically independent; they seldom had to obey the Emperor, and often made war against each other or against the Emperor. During the Napoleonic Wars the empire was abolished. Napoleon made a new satellite state, the Confederation of the Rhine. He was soon defeated and the Congress of Vienna reorganized the German states into a new German Confederation. Bismarck's North German Confederation replaced that, until he converted it into the German Empire.

OPEC

OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is an international organization. Since 1965, the headquarters of OPEC has been in Vienna, Austria. OPEC was established in Baghdad, Iraq on 10–14 September 1960.

Its work is to "coordinate and unify the petroleum policies" of its members, and also to "ensure the stabilization of oil markets in order to secure an efficient, economic and regular supply of petroleum to consumers, a steady income to producers, and a fair return on capital for those investing in the petroleum industry".

According to the United States Department of Energy Energy Information Administration (EIA), OPEC crude oil production is an important factor affecting global oil prices. OPEC sets production targets for its member nations and generally, when OPEC production targets are reduced, oil prices increase. Projections of changes in Saudi production result in changes in the price of crude oil.

OPEC was formed in 1960 when the international oil market was largely dominated by multinational companies known as the 'seven sisters'. The formation of OPEC was a turning point in state control over natural resources. In the 1960s OPEC made sure that oil companies could not unilaterally cut prices. In December 2014, OPEC and the oil men were named in the top 10 most influential people in the shipping industry by Lloyds.

21 countries are members of OPEC. The names of these countries are: 
Indonesia and Qatar are former members.

Member countries of the OPEC came together to form this international organization with several aims. Some of the aims are:

However, OPEC has not always been able to achieve all these aims.



OECD

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is an international organisation of countries. Member countries of OECD all have a democratic system of government. They also accept the principle of a free economy. A country has a free economy when its government does not control the economic activities of its citizens and companies. 

The OECD started 1948 as the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation (OEEC). The Second World War had just ended three years before in 1945. Some countries of Europe came together to form OEEC to help each other re-build their industry and other things destroyed in the Second World War. Later on, some non-European countries also joined this organisation. In 1960, OEEC changed its name, and it became OECD: the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

The OECD's headquarters are at the Château de la Muette in Paris.

OECD has thirty-eight member countries, of which 19 became members in 1961. These countries are:

19 countries joined OECD after 1961. The names of these countries (with the year they joined in brackets), are: 


1973 oil crisis

The 1973 oil crisis started on October 17, 1973. when the members of Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries (OAPEC) said, because of the Yom Kippur War, that they would no longer ship petroleum to nations that had supported Israel in its conflict with Syria and Egypt (The United States, Canada, its allies in Western Europe, and Japan). The embargo was lifted in March 1974.

About the same time, OPEC members agreed to raise world oil prices, after attempts at negotiation with the "Seven Sisters" oil company earlier in the month failed. Due to the dependence of the industrialized world on crude oil and the role of OPEC as a major supplier, these price increases hurt the economies of the targeted countries, while at the same time limiting economic activity. The targeted countries responded with new, and mostly permanent, attempts to limit any more dependency.

During this time, many other problems arose. These problems badly affected the economy of the world. The problems continued even after 10 years until the early 1980s. The higher oil prices continued until 1986. Japan did well soon after the 1973 oil crisis. For example, Japanese companies started manufacturing automobiles that used less oil to run. Soon many other automobile companies in different countries also started to manufacture automobiles that used less oil to run. The Japanese also began focusing on producing electronics such as transistor radios and televisions. This production is what helped the Japanese economy to bounce back after the shock of the oil crisis.

Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe

Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) is an international organization for peace and human rights. Presently, it has 57 countries as its members. Most of the member countries of the OSCE are from Europe, the Caucasus, Central Asia and North America. 

The headquarters of OSCE are in Vienna, Austria. There are more than 3,500 persons who work for OSCE. Most of the persons who work for OSCE work at different places, and only about 10% of them work at its headquarters. 

Since the end of the Second World War, many countries of the Europe wanted to have an organization to discuss various matters, especially security. Such discussion had continued since 1950s. Many years after, 
in November 1972, leaders of 35 countries met in Helsinki. In 1973, these countries set up the Conference for Security and Co-operation in Europe (CSCE). By the end of 1990s, communist governments in many countries had changed. In this situation, the role of CSCE was also changing. The leaders from member countries of CSCE met in Paris. On 21st November 1990, they signed an agreement. This changed the name of Conference for Security and Co-operation in Europe (CSCE) to Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). This international organization continues to function. 



Franco-Prussian War

The Franco-Prussian War (1870-1871) was a war between France and Prussia, which was helped by German allies of Prussia. The war was provoked by Prussian prime minister Otto von Bismarck, who wanted to unite Germans under Prussian rule by making them fight together against a common enemy. Bismarck irritated French Emperor Napoleon III into declaring war on 19 July 1870. The war ended by a Prussian victory on 10 May 1871.

The French feared a Protestant country on their border. France had helped Prussia beat Austria during the Austro-Prussian War (1866), but it would not allow the North German Confederation and South German states to unify. In 1869, the throne of Spain was offered to a prince of the Catholic branch of the Prussian Hohenzollern royal family. 

France found out about the offer, and demanded for Prussia to reject it since France did not want to be surrounded by Hohenzollerns. The prince refused, but the French wanted Prussia to do the same. Prussian King Wilhelm I sent a telegram from Ems that assuring French Emperor Napoleon III that the prince would not become king of Spain. Prussian Chancellor Otto von Bismarck publicly released a version that he had edited or doctored to make it seem that his king had insulted the emperor's ambassador. That was part of his plan to unify the German states. Both sides exchanged angry words, and France declared war. On July 19 1870 the war started, and Prussia was fully supported by the South German states.

With its German allies and universal conscription, Prussia brought together a bigger army than the French. The Prussian Army also had better weapons, training and leadership. For example, the Prussian General Staff were very well organised. The army had some old-fashioned equipment like the Dreyse needle gun, but its Krupp mobile artillery (heavy-duty guns) were far better than the old French muzzleloaders. Notable victories occurred at Sedan, Mars-la-Tour, Gravelotte and Metz. The Germans captured Napoleon in Metz, but French Republicans overthrew the Second French Empire and continued the war for a few months. The Germans conquered Paris and then made peace.

After the war, France had to give Prussia some regions that had been under French control. They were most of Alsace and some of Lorraine, most of which spoke German dialects. Prussia took steps to unite the independent German states into one country, the German Empire. The historical term for that is the Unification of Germany.

Kaohsiung

Kaohsiung City (Traditional Chinese: 高雄市, Hanyu Pinyin: Gāoxióng, Tongyong Pinyin: Gaosyóng, POJ: Ko-hiông; coordinates 22°38'N, 120°16'E) is the third largest city of Taiwan, after New Taipei City and Taichung City, and the main city in Southern Taiwan.

In 2014, 32 people were killed by a series of explosions. In 2021, 46 people were killed in a fire.

Kaohsiung is divided originally into 11 districts, after the administrative division's adjustment in 2010, the subdivisions of Kaohsiung has increased to 38 districts, most of them are added from the former county of Kaohsiung.

Two islands in the South China Sea are governed by Kaohsiung City and is a part of Cijin District:


Fernando Alonso

Fernando Alonso Díaz (born July 29, 1981 in Oviedo, Spain) is a racing driver in Formula One. He is from Spain. He won his first F1 title in 2005 and then became the youngest ever Formula 1 World Champion at the age of 24.

Alonso drove until 2006 in Formula 1 for the Renault F1-Team, with which he achieved the driver world championship in the year 2005 and had a major part to play in the Renault F1 Team winning the constructor championship in the same year.

The Drivers' Championship was won again by Fernando with Renault F1 for the second year in a row in 2006 (interestingly, had Alonso not become the youngest World Champion in 2005, he would have still achieved this feat with his 2006 victory) edging out Michael Schumacher of Scuderia Ferrari by 13 points. Renault also retained the Constructor's Championship, beating Ferrari by only five points.

In 2007 Alonso joined Team Vodafone McLaren-Mercedes and entered a four-way battle for the World Championship with his team-mate, the rookie Lewis Hamilton, and Ferrari drivers Kimi Räikkönen and Felipe Massa. Halfway through the season, with wins in Sepang and Monaco, Alonso trails his rookie team-mate by 14 points. The second half of the season should prove interesting.
In the second part Alonso won at Europe and Italy but missed the title by 1 point.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>

Peter Crouch

Peter James Crouch (born 30 January 1981) is a former English football player. He was born in Macclesfield and was raised in Singapore and Ealing, west London. At 6 feet, 7 inches (201 cm), he is one of the tallest people to ever play in the Premier League. Crouch played for Liverpool and England. He was the first player to score 10 goals for England in a single year. He is known for his famous robotic dance celebration, which he first performed after his goal against Hungary in May 2006.

He was a judge on the fourth series of the United Kingdom's version of "The Masked Singer".

!Total||36||18

Delhi, Ontario

Delhi is a tobacco town in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that has fewer than 5000 people. It has a public library, a convience store, a cemetery, a funeral home, various other stores, and a tobacco museum.

The town also has a high school that has been threatened with closure numerous times by the school board for lack of attendance. Children from this town participate in little league baseball, ice hockey, and competitive swimming.

Bishkek

Bishkek (Бишкек) is the capital city of Kyrgyzstan. It has a population of 900,000 (2005). It was originally founded in 1878 as the Russian fortress of Pishpek (Пишпек). From 1926 until 1991 it was known as Frunze (Фрунзе), after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze. In the Kyrgyz language, a Bishkek is a churn used to make stirred horse milk (kumis), the Kyrgyz national drink.

Dushanbe

Dushanbe (, ) is the capital city of Tajikistan. About 562,000 people live in Dushanbe as of 2000. The name is borrowed from the Persian word for "Monday" (du "two" + shamba or shanbe "day", lit. "day two") and refers to the fact that it was a popular "Monday" market place.

Taiwan Strait

The Taiwan Strait or Formosa Strait is a 180 km-wide strait between mainland China and the island of Taiwan. The strait is part of the South China Sea and attaches to East China Sea to the northeast. The thinest part is 131 km wide. The Taiwan Strait is often incorrectly called the "Taiwan Straits". 

The Strait has been the theatre for several military confrontations between the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China since the last days of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 when the Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-shek retreated across the Strait and relocated its government on its final stronghold of Taiwan.

Character

Character could mean:

In symbols:

In accounting and mathematics:

In entertainment:

In biology:

Tashkent

Tashkent (, )) is the capital city of Uzbekistan. It is also the most populated city in Central Asia, with a population of 2,603,000 in 2023. Its name means "Stone City" in English.

Tashkent has been inhabited by people for thousands of years. It was destroyed by Genghis Khan in 1219, but later profited from the Silk Road. Tashkent was conquered by the Russian Empire in 1865, and became the capital of Russian Turkestan. Under the Soviet Union, Tashkent grew in population.

In 2008, Uzbeks accounted for 63% of the population, and the city has large minorities of Russians, Tatars, Koreans, and Tajiks.

Tashkent is west of the Altai Mountains, and is next to the Chirchiq River. Tashkent is situated at around 430 m (1,411 ft) above sea level. Tashkent also suffers from earthquakes, and the major 1966 earthquake destroyed most of the city.

Tashkent has a mediterranean climate with continental climate influences. Winters are cold and snowy, while summers are hot, sunny, and dry. The record high temperature was 44.6 °C (112.3 °F), and the record low temperature was −29.5 °C (−21.1 °F). The city has an average of 427 mm (17 inches) of precipitation each year.

Tashkent is full is historical sights, and this article will just mention a few.

The Amir Timur Museum was opened in 1996, and is dedicated to Mongol conqueror Timur. There are at least 5,000 artifacts on display at the museum. Around 2 million people visit the location each year, and the museum is featured on the 1,000 soʻm bank note. The museum is located downtown next to the Amir Temur Square.

The Kukeldash Madrasah (Tashkent) is an ancient madrasa located close to the Chorsu metro station. It was built in the 16th century during Shaybanid rule. Throughout its existence, it functioned as a caravanserai, museum, and fortress. It was one of the few buildings to survive the 1966 earthquake.

The Navoi Theater, formally the Alisher Navoi Opera and Ballet Theatre, is the possibly the most notable opera house and theatre in Uzbekistan. It was designed by Alexey Shchusev, who also designed Lenin's Mausoleum in Moscow. It was partially built by the Japanese prisoners of war from 1945 to 1947. The theatre can house at least 1,400 spectators.

Tashkent is home to some of the most successful Uzbek football clubs. These include Pakhtakor Tashkent, Lokomotiv Tashkent, Bunyodkor, and Spartak Tashkent.

Some notable athletes from Tashkent include cyclist Djamolidine Abdoujaparov, gymnast Elvira Saadi, and footballer Maksim Shatskikh.


Aşgabat

Aşgabat (; , UniPers: Ešq-âbâd; - Ashkhabád) is the capital city of Turkmenistan. It also spelled as Ashgabat, Ashkabat, Ashkhabad, Ashgabad. Aşgabat has a population of 695,300 (2001) and is between the Karakum desert and the Kopet Dag mountain range. The name is believed to borrow from the Persian Ashk-abad meaning "the City of Arsaces". Another explanation is that the name is a corruption of the Persian Eshq (Love) + abad (natured place or city), and therefore loosely translates as "The city built by/from love". Aşgabat is at 37°58′N 58°20′E (37.9667, 58.333). Aşgabat's major ethnic groups are: Turkmen, Russians, Armenians, and Azeris. Arsaces was king of Persia and his name appears between 3 and 4 times in the Bible.

Wedge

The term wedge may mean many things. Some of them are as noted below:


Crew

A crew is a group of people that work as a team within a common organization and perform similar activities. Crews can be found in places like ships and airplanes. It is common for members of a crew to have a special role. Different positions within a crew are commonly organized on a scale of power, like a hierarchy, so that there is a clear chain of command. Aboard a ship, for example, every member of the crew has someone else above them, and this chain of power ends at the captain who is in charge of everyone below them. Teams who work backstage in theaters, on movie sets, and in television studios are also called crews. Such crews are distinct from the cast.

Cargo

Cargo or freight means goods which people transport, often using a vehicle made for that purpose rather than for passenger service. The vehicle is usually a truck or freighter or cargo aircraft or freight train.

Prefabricated cargo is a type of cargo for transportation in prefabricated batches, which are completed at the expense of piece units and container volumes. 

The noun is used as not countable; people will talk about "some" freight. Today, goods other than bulk cargo are usually packed in shipping containers, which are carried. A place which loads or unloads cargo is usually called a "cargo terminal".



Ransom

Ransom can mean two things:

If people talk about that they need to pay money to the state or the police, to get free, the correct legal term used is usually bail.

Often in piracy, pirates would steal something or someone important and demand a ransom payment.

Paraphilia

Paraphilia is a word used in sociology and medicine. Like many other medical terms it comes from Ancient Greek. It means that someone is sexually aroused by people (or by things) that are unable to return their affection. The word can also be used to refer to sexual practices which are bad for the mind or body and are mental disorders.

When doctors talk about "paraphilia", they usually mean one of the following, among other things:


The respective behaviour is only classified as "paraphilia" if it is the only means for the person involved to get sexually aroused, for a considerable time.

When normal people talk about paraphilia, they usually mean non-mainstream sexual behaviour.

Homosexuality (LGBT) used to be considered a paraphilia, but this is no longer the case in a lot of countries. However, in a lot of other countries it is still considered abnormal. The opposite of paraphilia is normophilia. An example of a normophilia is teleiophilia.

Belo Horizonte

Belo Horizonte is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Minas Gerais. About 2.4 million people live in the city. It has an area of 330.9 km². It is the third largest metropolitan area in the country.




Bohemia

Bohemia is one of the regions of the Czech Republic. Poland is to the north, Germany to the west, Austria to the south, and the Czech province of Moravia to the east. The capital city of Prague is in Bohemia. 

Bohemia is well known for its glasswares and other handicrafts, its beer and its cuisine.

During the Middle Ages, Bohemia was sometimes an independent duchy or kingdom. In 1526, it came under control of the House of Habsburg. After Austria-Hungary was defeated during World War I, Bohemia became part of Czechoslovakia.

Rhododendron

Rhododendron is a large genus of flowering plants. It includes 1,024 species of woody plants in the heath family (Ericaceae). Some are evergreen, and some are deciduous. They are found mainly in Asia. 

Most of them have quite showy flowers. What gardeners know as Azalea is in fact a kind of rhododendron. Many people have rhododendrons in their garden or flower pot. It is the national flower of Nepal. One rhododendron, "Rhododendron ponticum", has become an Invasive species in North America.

Jasmine

Jasmine is a genus of plants, "Jasminum". They are shrubs or vines that grow in moderately warm climates. 

There are about 200 different species of "Jasminum". They are also a favourite in gardens. Tea can be made from the flowers. Some species are used to make special oil, perfumes or incense. Women, especially from Asia sometimes wear jasmine flowers in their hair.

Jasmine flowers are white or yellow in colour, although in rare instances they can be slightly reddish. Jasmine flowers are well known for their lovely smell. Jasmine is also a female name.

Article

The word article can mean several things:


Yaren

Yaren is the largest settlement on the island country Nauru. Nauru has no official capital, but many government buildings can be found in Yaren, so some people call it the capital. In 2003, 1,100 people lived there.

Nupedia

Nupedia was an English-language online encyclopedia. Its articles were written by volunteers and checked by experts. They were licensed as open content. It was founded by Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger. Nupedia was online from March 2000 until September 2003. It is mostly known as the website which came before Wikipedia.

Unlike Wikipedia, Nupedia was not a wiki. It also had a long peer-review process for all of its articles. This was supposed to make its articles as good as professional encyclopedias. Nupedia wanted scholars to help build it. Before it shut down, Nupedia had 25 articles that completed its own review routine.

In June 2008, CNET said that Nupedia was one of the greatest closed websites in Internet history.

In late 1999, Jimmy Wales began thinking about an online encyclopedia built by volunteers. In January 2000, he hired Larry Sanger to manage it. The project went online on March 9, 2000.
By November 2000, only two full articles had been published.

From when it started, Nupedia was a free content encyclopedia. Bomis, Jimmy Wales' company, was going to get money from adverts on the Nupedia website. At first, the project used a license that was made up by Wales and Sanger. Later, it began using the Nupedia Open Content License. In January 2001, it switched to the GNU Free Documentation License. This was because Richard Stallman and the Free Software Foundation said they should.

Also in January 2001, Nupedia started Wikipedia. At first, it was not meant to be an encyclopedia. Instead, it was meant as a side-project to allow people to work on articles for Nupedia before they were peer reviewed. As Wikipedia got bigger and attracted new users, it began to run without Nupedia. However, Larry Sanger first led activity on Wikipedia. This was because he was the chief editor on Nupedia.

Wikipedia led to the gradual shutdown of Nupedia. Jimmy Wales decided to stop paying Sanger in December 2001. Sanger then left both Nupedia and Wikipedia. After Sanger left, Nupedia became even less noticed than Wikipedia. As Nupedia was used less and less, the idea of changing its articles into Wikipedia articles was sometimes proposed. However, it was never done. After it closed down, Nupedia's articles were moved in to Wikipedia.

Nupedia's articles were all peer reviewed. These were the steps they had to follow:

People who wrote for Nupedia were supposed to be experts in what they wrote about. However, some articles could be written by a good writer, rather than an expert. People who "changed" content on Nupedia were expected to be "true experts in their fields and (with few exceptions) possess PhDs", which means that they should be experts in what they are changing and (generally) have PhDs.



Article (grammar)

An article is a word that is used with a noun. There are two kinds of articles: definite articles and indefinite articles.

In English there is just one definite article: "the". There are two indefinite articles: "a" and "an". The word "an" is used before a word starting with a vowel sound (which does not have to be a vowel letter): we say "a horse", "a child", "a European" ("European" has a "Y" sound, /j/, which is a consonant sound), "a university", but "an orange", "an elephant". 

Some languages have more than one word for "the". In some languages, this is because each noun is either masculine or feminine or, in some languages it can be masculine, feminine or neuter. For example: in French "le" is used for masculine nouns ("le jardin" - "the garden") and "la" for feminine nouns ("la table" - "the table"). "The" becomes "les" in front of plural nouns. The indefinite articles in French are "un" (masculine) and "une" (feminine). German, Dutch and Ancient Greek have masculine, feminine and neuter nouns, but in the case of Dutch the word for "the" is the same for masculine and feminine ("de") so you do not need to know which it is. The Māori language uses one word for "the" for when the subject or object to which the "the" refers is one in number, and uses another word for "the" when the subject or object to which the "the" refers numbers more than one.

There are also many languages that do not have articles. Some examples include Russian, , Japanese, and Chinese. When speakers of these languages are learning English, it is often difficult to explain to them what an article is because English speakers use them naturally. Even though these languages do not have articles, they still have grammatical features that allow them to show definiteness.

In general: "the" in English is used for something you already know about or have already been talking about. The word "a" is used when introducing a new idea:

"The tired woman was looking for her cat. Suddenly she saw "the" cat up "a" tree". (We are already talking about the cat. The tree is a new idea).

"The tired woman was walking along when she suddenly saw "a" cat up "a" tree". (She had not been thinking about cats until then).

Sometimes we do not need an article, for example when talking about something in general:

"The dogs do not bite" (meaning: dogs that you are thinking about).
"Barking dogs do not bite" (barking dogs in general).

Waterfront

Waterfront is the land by the side of a body of water (E.g. Lake or Ocean).

East Asia

East Asia or Eastern Asia is part of the continent Asia. East Asia covers about , or 15% of the continent. 

These are the countries and territories in East Asia:

About 1,575,784,500 people live in East Asia ().

List of counties of the Republic of China

Taiwan Province is divided into 13 counties (縣; hsien) and 3 provincial cities (市; shih):

"Note":The cities of Taipei and Kaohsiung are managed directly by the central government and are not part of Taiwan province, though the counties of the same name all around these cities are part of the province. The People's Republic of China, which does not control Taiwan Province, does not recognize Taipei and Kaohsiung as central cities and lists them as provincial cities.

Tbilisi

Tbilisi is the capital, and the largest city in Georgia. It was founded in the 5th century by the Georgian king, Vakhtang Gorgasali. According to legend, when he was hunting, he killed a pheasant which dropped into hot water. Gorgasali discovered there were a lot of hot springs in this place, which he called Tbilisi as "tbili" means hot in Georgian.
<br>

Robot

A robot is a machine that can move and do certain tasks and work

Robots are controlled by a computer program or electronic circuitry. They may be directly controlled by humans. They may be designed to look like humans, in which case their behaviour may suggest intelligence or thought but they do not have feelings. Most robots do a specific job, and they do not always look like humans. They can come in many forms.

In fiction, however, robots usually look like people, and seem to have a life of their own. There are many books, movies, and video games with robots in them. Isaac Asimov's "I, Robot" is perhaps the most famous.

People have been interested in building machines that do work for us for a long time. But it takes time and money to build just one machine, so early ideas were not built.
Leonardo da Vinci designed a man-shaped machine to look like a knight in 1464. It would be controlled with ropes and wheels.
Other engineers and dreamers drew mechanical men. In 1920, Karel Čapek wrote a story about them, and he used a word from Czech that is connected with 'work': robot.

The most successful robot designs in the 20th century were not made to look like people. They were designed for use. George Devol made the first of these, the Unimate, in 1954, with one arm and one hand. General Motors bought it in 1960. The next year, it started work in a factory in New Jersey, lifting and stacking pieces of metal that were too hot for people to touch. The engineers could program it, and reprogram it if they had to.

Robots have many uses. Many factories use robots to do hard work quickly and without many mistakes. They do not look like people, because they are made to do things. These are 'industrial' robots. Some robots find and get rid of bombs. If someone makes a mistake, the robot is damaged or destroyed, which is better than a person being killed. There are also robots that help at home, to vacuum or run a lawn mower, for example. Such robots must learn about the area of work.

A few robots do surgery in places inside the body where a human hand is too big.

Planet rovers are robots for exploring distant planets. Because it takes a long time to send a radio signal from Earth to another planet, the robots do much of their work alone, without commands from Earth. 

People still think of robots as having a shape like a person—two legs, two arms, and a head. ASIMO is one robot that is helping scientists learn how to design and program robots. It can walk, which is not easy to program.

Roughly half of all the robots in the world are in Asia, 32% in Europe, and 16% in North America, 1% in Australasia and 1% in Africa. 30% of all the robots in the world are in Japan. Japan has the most robots of any country in the world, and is the leader in the world robotics industry. Japan is actually said to be the robotic capital of the world.

In Japan and South Korea, ideas of future robots have been mainly positive. The positive reception of robots there may be partly because of the famous cartoon robot, 'Astroboy'. China expressed views on robotics that are similar to those of Japan and South Korea, but China is behind both America and Europe in robotic development. The East Asian view is that robots should be roughly equal to humans. They feel robots could care for old people, teach children, or serve as assistants. The popular opinion of East Asia is that it would be good for robots to become more popular and more advanced. This view is opposite to the popular Western view.

"This is the opening of an era in which human beings and robots can co-exist," says Japanese firm Mitsubishi about one of the many human-like robots in Japan. The South Korean Ministry of Information and Communication has predicted that every South Korean household will have a robot by between 2015 and 2020.

Western societies are more likely to be against, or even fear the development of robots. Science fiction movies and other stories often show them as dangerous rebels against humanity.

The West regards robots as a 'threat' to the future of humans, which is much due to religious influence of the Abrahamic religions, in which creating machines that can think for themselves would almost be playing God. Obviously, these boundaries are not clear, but there is a significant difference between the two ideologies.

The writer Isaac Asimov told many stories about robots who had the three laws of robotics to keep humans safe from them.

These were not used in real life when he invented them. However, in today's world robots are more complicated, and one day real laws may be needed, much like Isaac Asimov's original three laws.

South Korea was the first country in the world to have laws about robots.




Habemus Papam

Habemus Papam refers to the announcement given in Latin by the Senior Cardinal Deacon when a new Pope has been chosen.

The announcement is given from the central balcony of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican. After the announcement, the new pope meets the people and he gives his first "Urbi et Orbi" blessing to the crowd.

The format for the announcement is:

This, in English, means:

In the "Habemus Papam" given by Jorge Cardinal Medina Estévez on 19 April 2005 upon the election of Pope Benedict XVI, the announcement was made after a greeting ("Dear Brothers and Sisters") in several languages (Italian, Spanish, French, German, and English).


Xabi Alonso

Xabier "Xabi" Alonso Olano (born 25 November 1981), is a Spanish manager and retired footballer. He played as a midfielder. The last club he played for was Bayern Munich.

Alonso also played for the Spain national team from 2003 until 2014. He retired from football in 2017 and became a manager in 2018 for Real Madrid's youth sectors, which are known as "La Fábrica" (the factory). In 2019, he started coaching Real Sociedad's youth sectors. Real Sociedad is also the club where Alonso began his career in 1999.

!Total||114||16

Liverpool

Real Madrid

Bayern Munich

Spain

Individual

Decorations

Porto Alegre

Porto Alegre is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. It has about 1.4 million inhabitants and an area of 496.8 km².

Its main famous park is the 'Parque Dos Expedicionários' also known as 'Parque da Redenção' (Redemption Park, in English).

Porto Alegre became known all over the world by The Social World Forum. Also known worldwide by the hottest city in the world at February, 2009.

Salvador, Bahia

Salvador is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Bahia. It has about 2.7 million inhabitants and an area of .

In 2010, the city of Salvador had the 3rd most people in Brazil, after São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.

Salvador is the second most popular tourism destination in Brazil, after Rio de Janeiro. Among the points of interest are its famous "Pelourinho" (named after the colonial pillories that once stood there) district, its historic churches, and its beaches.

In 1985 the Historic Centre of Salvador was made a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

According to the Guinness Book of Records, the carnival or "Carnaval" of Salvador da Bahia is the biggest party on the planet. For an entire week, almost 4 million people celebrate throughout of streets, avenues and squares. It takes about 100 thousand people to organize the event. Salvador has about 800 thousand visitors for this event.

The first books that arrived in Salvador were brought by the Jesuits. The first libraries or bookstores that appeared were under the control of the religious missionaries. They mostly had books on religion.

Salvador has many sport activities. The Fonte Nova Stadium, also known as Estádio Octávio Mangabeira is a football stadium started on January 28, 1951. It can hold 66,080 people. The stadium is owned by the Bahia government, and is the home ground of Esporte Clube Bahia. Its formal name honors Octávio Cavalcanti Mangabeira, a civil engineer, journalist, and former Bahia state governor from 1947 to 1954. The stadium is nicknamed Fonte Nova, because it is at Ladeira das Fontes das Pedras. The stadium was closed in 2007 due to an accident. The E.C. Bahia home matches now happen in another stadium, in Pituaçu.

Esporte Clube Bahia and Esporte Clube Vitória are Salvador's main football teams. Bahia has won 2 national titles, Brazil Trophy in 1959 and the Brazilian League in 1988. Vitória was a runner up in the Brazilian league in 1993 and Brazil Cup in 2010.

Salvador has two large green areas for the practice of golf. Cajazeiras Golf and Country Club has a 18-hole course. Itapuã Golf Club has a 9-hole course. Tennis is very popular among Salvador's elites. Brasil Open, the country’s most important tournament, happens every year in Bahia.

During the last decades, volleyball has grown steadily in Salvador. It became popular after the gold medal won by Brazil in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. The most important tournaments in Bahia are the State Championship, the State League tournament and the Primavera Games. There are also beach volleyball events. Salvador has had many international tournaments. Bowling is practiced both by teenagers and adults in Salvador.

Bahia's basketball league has competed since 1993. They have 57 teams. The sport is very popular in the city of Salvador, especially among students.

Todos os Santos Bay and Salvador's climatic conditions are ideal for competition and recreational sailing. Salvador has a national racing schedule with dozens of events, also receiving the Mini Transat 6.50 and Les Illes du Soleil races.

Rowing boat races started in the city more than a hundred years ago. It was first practiced by young men from traditional families, who spent their summer vacations there. With the recent fixing of the Dique do Tororó area, Salvador received new lanes for the practice of the sport.


Goiânia

Goiânia is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Goiás. It has about 1.2 million inhabitants and an area of .

1677

1677 was a common year.

1508

Year 1508 (MDVIII) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


Campo Grande

Campo Grande is a city in Brazil. Campo Grande is the capital of Mato Grosso do Sul State of Brazil. Campo Grande means, "Great Field" in Portuguese, the language of Brazil. Campo Grande is home to the official headquarters of the Western Brazilian Army. Campo Grande's nickname is "Brown City," for it's brown colored soil.

Until the 1970s, Mato Grosso do Sul was part of Mato Grosso State. Even when Mato Grosso do Sul was part of Mato Grosso, Campo Grande had more people than the capital of Mato Groso, Cuiabá. When Mato Grosso do Sul left Mato Grosso and became its own Brazilian state, Campo Grande became the new capital.

Campo Grande International Airport serves Campo Grande and all of Mato Grosso do Sul State and the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul is in Campo Grande.

Cuiabá

Cuiabá is a Brazilian city. It is the capital of the state of Mato Grosso. About 535,000 people live here. Cuiabá has an area of 3,538 km². 

Vitória, Espírito Santo

Vitória is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Espírito Santo. It has about 315,000 inhabitants and an area of 93 km². 

Fortaleza

Fortaleza is a city in Brazil. It is the capital of the state of Ceará. The city has a population of about 3 million people. It has an area of . The people who live in the city are known as "Fortalezenses". The current mayor is José Sarto. 

The Pinto Martins International Airport connects Fortaleza with the major Brazilian cities. It also operates international flights. The Federal University of Ceará is located in Fortaleza.

Fortaleza is located in the northeastern part of Brazil. It borders the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the east. To the south of the city are the cities of Pacatuba, Eusébio, Maracanaú and Itaitinga. To the east is the county of Aquiraz and the Atlantic Ocean. The city of Caucaia is west of Fortaleza. 

Things to do in Fortaleza includes bars, discos and restaurants. The area also has comedy shows with nationally famous people. An off-season carnival, "Fortal", happens in Fortaleza, in July. Changes were made to the carnival in 2008. It now has parking lots, bleachers, and a food court. The event lasts four days. About 1.5 million people enjoy the nationally famous axé music bands. Fortaleza also has music festivals, for example Ceará Music. This event happens every year and lasts for three days. It includes local musicians and international pop rock musicians. Around twenty-five thousand people enjoy the concerts, electronic music tents, and fashion shows.

São Luís, Maranhão

São Luís is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Maranhão. It has about 980,000 inhabitants and an area of 827 km².

João Pessoa

João Pessoa () is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Paraíba. It has about 660,000 inhabitants and an area of 210.45 km².

Teresina

Teresina is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Piauí. It has about 900,000 habitants and an area of 1,680 km².

Natal, Rio Grande do Norte

Natal is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rio Grande do Norte. It has about 780,000 inhabitants and an area of .

Rio Branco

Rio Branco is a Brazilian city and capital of the state of Acre. About 306,000 people live there. It had an area of 9,223 km².

Council of Europe

The Council of Europe (, ) is an international organization of 47 member states in the European region. One of its first successes was the European Convention on Human Rights in 1950, which serves as the basis for the European Court of Human Rights.

The seat of the Council of Europe is in Strasbourg on the Franco-German border. The original meeting place was in the city's University Palace. The Palais de l'Europe, about two kilometres from city centre, has taken its place. Membership is open to all European democracies which accept the principle of the rule of law and guarantee fundamental human rights, civil rights and freedoms to their citizens and respect of rights of minority groups.

The Council of Europe is not to be confused with the Council of the European Union or the European Council, as it is a separate organisation and not part of the European Union. But all member states of European Union are also the member states of Council of Europe.

On 15 March 2022, Russia is excluded from Council of Europe because of 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.



Palmas, Tocantins

Palmas is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Tocantins. It has about 208,000 inhabitants and an area of 2,218.9 km².

Macapá

Macapá is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Amapá. It has about 355,000 inhabitants and an area of 6,563 km².

Belém

Belém is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Pará. It has about 1.4 million inhabitants and an area of 1.070 km². 

Florianópolis

Florianópolis is a Brazilian city. It is the capital of the state of Santa Catarina. It has about 400,000 people. It has an area of . It is mostly on Santa Catarina Island.

Porto Velho

Porto Velho is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rondônia. It has about 374,000 inhabitants and an area of 34,082 km².

Boa Vista

Boa Vista is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Roraima. It has 249.655 inhabitants (estimative IBGE 2006) and an area of 5,687 km².

Recife

Recife is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Pernambuco. It has about 1.4 million inhabitants and an area of 218 km². 

Recognition

Recognition, or recognize, is when humans or animals know something about the surrounding objects or beings. For example, an animal might recognize another animal as an enemy or friend, dangerous or harmless. These cognitive acts relate to the beings' perception, memory, learning, and experience.

In computer programs, pattern recognition tries to teach computers to perceive and recognize things as accurately as possible, how people do it or better. Pattern recognition by computers distinguishes objects, images, fingerprints, writing, audio, faces and other things automatically.

When a country recognizes another country, it means that the first country believes that the second country is legal and has a right to be a country. 
Countries that recognize each other have diplomatic relations. That means they send diplomats to each other, and make different kinds of agreements, about trade, international laws and other things.

Cystic fibrosis

Cystic fibrosis, also known as mucoviscidosis, CF, and 65 roses, is a condition a person may get from their parents. It makes the body make thick, sticky mucus, which builds up in the lungs, the digestive system, and other parts of the body.

If both parents have the cystic fibrosis gene, and pass it into their child, the child will get cystic fibrosis. A cystic fibrosis gene is needed from each parent. The parent might not have cystic fibrosis but still might have the gene. A person with cystic fibrosis is not contagious (they cannot give it to anyone else). There is no cure for cystic fibrosis, but there are a lot of medications that help keep people healthy.

Cystic fibrosis affects the entire body. Overall the body has trouble moving salt to the parts of the body that need it. Since the body has trouble moving salt, it piles up in places it is not supposed to like the lungs, stomach and intestines.

In the lungs when salt gets stuck it causes there to be less water which makes mucus become very thick. It becomes very hard to breathe. The treatment for this is breathing medicine to help add water to the lungs to keep the mucus thinner so it is easier to cough up. When there is thinner and less mucus it is easier to breathe.

There is no cure for cystic fibrosis. Even though people can do things to stay healthy. Healthy habits keep the person from getting more sick. People can stay clean. People can stay away from germs. They can drink water to help the mucus go away. Taking enzymes help digest food if there is mucus in the stomach.

Exercise clears mucus. It builds strong muscles and bones and strengthens the lungs. Taking vitamins helps the body fight off the infection. It also helps the body grow and function well.



"65 roses" is how some children refer to their condition since cystic fibrosis is difficult for a young child to say. '65 Roses' is also a trademarked phrase by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation to help control its use. It is a very helpful way for young children to understand. When spoken aloud, it sounds similar to cystic fibrosis.

IEEE 1394

IEEE 1394 is the name for a set of standards. The standards specify a serial bus which can be used to transfer information. Other names for the standards include Firewire, i.Link and Lynx. The standard is often used to connect a computer to an external device, like a hard drive or digital camcorder. It also has uses to transfer data in cars and airplanes.
It is similar to the contemporary USB. Firewire replaced the earlier SCSI for many applications: Making a device understand Firewire is easier than having it understand SCSI; handling Firewire cables is also much easier than SCSI cabling.

"FireWire" is popular in industrial systems for machine vision and professional audio systems. It is preferred over the more common USB because of its greater effective speed and power distribution capabilities, and because it does not need a computer host. Perhaps more importantly, "FireWire" makes full use of all SCSI (older connecting possibility) capabilities. Compared to USB 2.0, it usually has higher data transfer rates. This feature is important for audio and video editors.
Also many computers intended for home or professional audio/video use have built-in "FireWire" ports, including all Apple Inc. and Sony laptop computers and most Dell and Hewlett-Packard models currently produced. It is available to general public on retail motherboards for do-it-yourself PCs, alongside USB.
FireWire is produced in wireless, optical fiber, and coaxial cable versions.
However, the copyright fees demanded from users of FireWire and the more expensive hardware needed to implement it has prevented FireWire from displacing USB in mass-market, where cost of product is crucial.

FireWire is Apple Inc.'s name for the IEEE 1394 High Speed Serial Bus. Apple intended FireWire to be a serial replacement for the parallel SCSI (Small Computer System Interface) bus while also providing connectivity for digital audio and video equipment.
Apple's development of the original IEEE 1394 was completed in 1995.It was followed by several modifications: The IEEE Std. 1394a-2000, the IEEE Std. 1394b-2002, and the IEEE Std. 1394c-2006 amendment. The aim of current work is to incorporate all four of these documents into new revision of the 1394 standard.
Sony's version of the system is known as i.LINK, and uses only the four signal pins, omitting the two pins which provide power to the device because of a separate power connector on Sony's i.LINK products

FireWire 400 can transfer data between devices at 100, 200, or 400 Mbit/s data rates. The 6-pin connector is commonly found on desktop computers, and can supply the connected device with power.
Typically a device can pull about 7 to 8 watts from the port; However, the voltage varies significantly from different devices.

Modification IEEE 1394a was released in 2000. It standardized the 4 pin connector already widely in use. The 4-pin version is used on many consumer devices such as camcorders, some laptops and other small "FireWire" devices. It is fully data compatible with 6-pin interfaces.

9-pin FireWire 800 was introduced commercially by Apple Inc. in 2003. This newer specification (1394b) and corresponding products allow a transfer rate of 786.432 Mbit/s. It is backwards compatibility to the slower rates and 6-pin connectors of FireWire 400. However, while the IEEE 1394a and IEEE 1394b standards are compatible, connectors are different, making the cables used by previous versions incompatible.

In December 2007, the 1394 Trade Association announced the products will soon be available using S3200 mode. It will use the same 9-pin connectors as the existing FireWire 800 and will be fully compatible with existing S400 and S800 devices. The future products are intended to compete with the USB 3.0.

The numbers given after the "FireWire", or the "S" give the approximate speed in MBit/s, rounded up to the next 100. The first version can transfer 98.304.000 Bits/s, or 12.288.000 Bytes/s. The versions that came afterwards can do this speed, and multiples of it. Using the SI prefix, this is exactly 98.304 kbit/s, using the binary prefix, it is 96.000 kiBit/s. To avoid confusion, it is rounded to the next closest 100. That way, S3200 does not transfer 3.200 Mbit/s, nor 3.200 MiBit/s, but 3.145,728 Mbit/s, or 3.000 MiBit/s. This is approximately 2,93 Gibit/s.

Unlike with USB, there is no one device that manages the bus all the time. Each device is able to manage the bus. When a new device is connected, there will be negotiations between the devices which of them does the management.

Addresses have a length of 64 Bits. Of these, 10 are used to identify "segments" (as part of the network), 6 are used for nodes, and 48 are freely available. The standard used to connect several segments has not yet been ratified. For this reason, all Firewire networks currently only use one segment.

Devices on a FireWire bus can communicate by direct memory access. With Direct Memory access (DMA) a device can use hardware to map internal memory to FireWire's "Physical Memory Space". The SBP-2 (Serial Bus Protocol 2) used by FireWire disk drives uses this capability to minimize interrupts and buffer copies. In SBP-2, the initiator (controlling device) sends a request by remotely writing a command into a specified area of the target's FireWire address space. This command usually includes buffer addresses in the initiator's FireWire "Physical Address Space". The target is supposed to use this space to move I/O data to and from the initiator.

Many implementations use hardware to do the mapping between the FireWire "Physical Memory Space" and device physical memory. Among these, are those used by PCs and Macs, especially those using OHCI. In this case, the operating system is not involved in the transfer. This allows for high speed transfers with a low latency and avoids that the data is copied around unnecessarily. It can however be a security risk if devices that are not trusted are connected to the bus. Installations where security is a concern will therefore either use newer hardware, which use virtual memory to map the Firewire Physical memory space, or disable the mapping the OHCI does. They might also disable the whole Firewire subsystem, or not provide Firewire at all.

This feature can also be useful, for example to debug a machine where the operating system has crashed. Some systems can use it to provide a remote console. On FreeBSD, the dcons driver provides both, using gdb as debugger. Under Linux, firescope and fireproxy exist.



De facto

De facto is a phrase from the Latin language that means "in fact" or "in practice". It is often used in contrast to "de jure" (which means "by law") when talking about law, governance, or technique. When talking about law, ""de jure"" is used to describe what the law says, and ""de facto"" is used to describe what actually happens.

"De facto" is sometimes also used when there is no appropriate law or standard, but a common practice, that may not necessarily be widely accepted, exists. For example, the "de jure" name of Bill Clinton is William Jefferson Clinton. This is his name according to official records. His "de facto" name is Bill Clinton because this is what he is usually called.

Househusband

A  man who considers himself married and manages the household as his main occupation and whose spouse/partner usually earns the family income. Often looking after the children because the wife earns a better living. 

Port Dover, Ontario

Port Dover is a small fishing town in Ontario, Canada. During Friday the 13th, motorcycle fans dominate the town. There is also the famous "Arbor Restaurant" stand in the southern part of town where "Cherry Glows" are served instead of soft drinks and the bees frequent the outdoor place as much as the local customers and tourists do.

There was a public high school in the town where students aged 14 to 21 years of age study to earn their "Ontario High School Diploma"; it closed at the end of the 2013-14 school year. Port Dover is also the home to Ms. Carrie Sinkowski, a leader for rural equality, and a former candidate for the Canadian House of Commons. Live theatre is also done here as well as a miniature golf course, a beach, and a thriving seaport just to name a few attractions that Port Dover has to offer.

The town is dominated with little shops, with very few franchised businesses in the town; which sells irregular consumer items like British merchandise, local souvenirs and T-shirts that appeal to young tourists. Notable exceptions include Tim Hortons and Giant Tiger department store. On Friday the 13th, motorcycle people come to town in order to drink beer. However, they must be at least 19 years of age to perform this activity. While some violence has resulted in previous years, the 2007 running of the PD13 event was peaceful.

Julius Nyerere

Julius Kambarage Nyerere (April 13, 1922 - October 14, 1999), also known as Mwalimu (teacher), was President of Tanzania from 1964 to 1985. He was born in Butiama, Tanganyika.

Nyerere led Tanganyika to independence from the United Kingdom in 1961. He became the new country's first Prime Minister. The country became a republic in 1962. Nyerere was the country's first president. In 1964, Tanganyika united politically with Zanzibar and was renamed Tanzania. Nyerere was unopposed as the first president of the new country.

Nyerere used political repression against opponents. His attempt at using his socialist ideas of Ujamaa failed. This made Tanzania very poor and caused widespread starvation. He led the overthrow of Idi Amin's regime in Uganda.

Nyerere died of leukemia in London, England.


Interahamwe

The Interahamwe (pronounced Een-tair-ah-hahm-way, with the 't' pronounced as an 'h') was the main mob army that started the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. In this mass murder, about one million Hutu and Tutsi people were killed.

The Interahamwe usually used machetes ('mupanga') to do the killing, but guns, grenades and primitive tools like nail-studded clubs and hoes were also used.

About a half an hour after the President of Rwanda, Juvénal Habyarimana, was killed on the night of April 6, 1994, Interahamwe roadblocks were put up all over the city of Kigali, the capital of Rwanda. The violence that followed would last about 100 days. This resulted in at least 500,000 deaths, but some say even up to 800,000-1,000,000 deaths.

Democratic Kampuchea

Democratic Kampuchea was the official name of Cambodia/Kampuchea from 1976 to January 1979, during the Khmer Rouge Years, though the international community recognized it for ten more years. Its leader was Pol Pot, and its national anthem (song) was Dap Prampi Mesa Chokchey. It was succeeded by the People's Republic of Kampuchea upon the Vietnamese invasion in 1979. While Democratic Kampuchea existed, about 20% of its population died either because of starvation, brutality, or execution. The four-year period saw the deaths of approximately two million Cambodians through the combined result of political executions, starvation, and forced labour. Due to the large numbers, the deaths during the rule of the Khmer Rouge are often considered a genocide, and commonly known as the Cambodian Holocaust or Cambodian Genocide.
The Khmer Rouge period ended with the invasion of Cambodia by neighbour and former ally Vietnam in the Cambodian–Vietnamese War, which left Cambodia under Vietnamese occupation for a decade.

Lindsborg, Kansas

Lindsborg is an American city in the state of Kansas. It is called "Little Sweden" and is located in McPherson County. Lindsborg is home to Bethany College.

Pie

A pie is a baked food that is made from a pastry crust. The common filling of a pie is savoury (with meat and/or vegetables) and gravy. Pies often have a round or oval shape. 

A pie is cooked beforehand: this is the main idea. It can be cooked days before it is eaten. The crust keeps it in good condition if the pie is kept in a cool place. The pie can be eaten warm or cold.

Pies can be either:

Pies are baked with a shell or crust, which is usually made of pastry. The filling may be fruit, meat, fish, vegetables, cheeses, creams, chocolate, custards, nuts, or other sweet or savoury ingredients.




Some of these pies are pies in name only. An example is the Boston cream pie, which is a cake. Many fruit and berry pies are very similar, with the only difference being the fruit used in filling.




There are many different kinds of pie. People from different countries often have their own different type of pie.

Meat pies with fillings such as steak and cheese, steak and kidney, minced beef or chicken and mushroom are popular in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand as take-away snacks. They are also served with chips as an alternative to fish and chips at British chip shops. A "Wigan kebab" is a pie, put between halves of a flour-covered bap (bun). This is called a barm cake. The combination of pie and mash is associated with London. Shepherd's pie (which does not involve pastry) is a favourite with people in Britain.

Most meat pies are served hot. Pork pies usually have a very high fat content and may be served cold. These meat pies contain beef and gravy in a shortcrust piecase, often with a flaky top. Many bakeries and specialty shops sell gourmet pies. Adelaide (a city in Australia) has the "pie floater", where a meat pie is floated in a plate of thick green pea soup.

Pot pies with a flaky crust and bottom are a popular American dish. They usually have a filling of meat (often beef, chicken or turkey), gravy, and mixed vegetables (potatoes, carrots and peas). Frozen pot pies are often sold in individual serving size.

Fruit pies may be served with a scoop of ice cream, a style known in North America as "à la mode". Apple pie is a traditional choice. This combination, and possibly the name as well, is thought to have been popularized in the mid-1890s in the United States.

A tourtière is a meat pie. It was first created in Quebec, Canada. It is usually made with ground pork, veal, or beef.

Many countries have their own style of pie. For example:

Cream filled or topped pies are favourite props for humour, particularly when aimed at people who are too serious. Throwing a pie in a person's face has been a staple of movie comedy since the early days of the movies. It is often associated with clowns in popular culture.

Pranksters have taken to targeting politicians and celebrities with their pies, an act called "pieing". Activists sometimes engage in the pieing of political and social targets as well. "Pieing" can result in injury to people and pie throwers can face assault or more serious charges.


Customer service

Customer service is doing things to satisfy a purchaser's needs. This may be before, during, or after the purchase. A major part of customer service is helping if merchandise is broken or not working properly. These situations are usually covered by a customer service policy. Many stores will have a special desk or area where people can take their complaints. One purpose is to persuade the customer to buy other things later.


Busan

Busan (formerly written as Pusan) is the largest port city and second-largest city in South Korea. It lies on the southeast tip of the Korean Peninsula. It is important for transport and shipping. It is best known for Busan Port and Haeundae Beach. The port takes many ships and accommodate trades among other countries. In 2012, according to the census, the population was about 3,439,000.
Busan is also the native home town of the vocalists named Jeon Jungkook and Park Ji-min, who are the pride and joy of Busan.

During the Korean War, Busan had an important role because it was one of two cites which were not invaded by North Korea. The city was the capital for a short time.

Busan has hosted the Asian Games in 2002 and APEC summit it 2005. It bid to host the 2018 Winter Olympics and the 2024 Summer Olympics. It is also the home city of the Lotte Giants, a professional baseball team in the Korea Baseball Organization league.

The city was originally called Busanpo. It was named after the shape of the mountain behind Busan Port. Korean "bu" (hangul: 부, hanja: 釜) means a "cauldron", "san" (hangul: 산, hanja: 山) means a "mountain", and "po" (hangul: 포, hanja: 浦) means a "harbor". It may be said that a harbor is located at the foot of a mountain resembling a cauldron. Since the late 15th century, the current name Busan (hangul: 부산, hanja: 釜山) has been widely used. And it's native Korean name is Gamamoe(가마뫼), 'Gama(가마)' means a Cauldron in Korean and 'Moe(뫼)' is the native Korean word that means mountain. 

Busan is on the southern east coast of South Korea. The southern part of Busan is surrounded by the Yellow Sea, and the east of Busan is surrounded by the Sea of Japan or East Sea, so it is a port city. The city covers about 767.35 km2 (296.28 sq mi).

In Busan, there are many objects that show ancestors’ lives when Korean used stones for hunting. Most of remains are from beginning of the period of the Stone Age and there are piles of shells around rivers or the ocean Dongsam-dong, Yeongseon-dong, Dadae-dong, Amnam-dong, Geumgok-dong and Beombang. However, people probably lived in late Stone Age. In the Bronze Age, people lived in some places such as Sajik-dong and Nampo-dong in this city because there are a lot of remains comparing to those of in the Stone Age. Bronze Age affected making Yayoi culture in Japan. People also used iron in the Iron Age here because much iron was made in Busan. Silla Kingdom controlled the area of Busan, Busan was named as Geochilsanguk, Geochilsangun, and changed to Dongnaehyeon. Dongnae is still used as name of area in Busan.

In the Goryeo Dynasty ruled southern part of Korea, Busan was controlled by the system of Sillla.
In Joseon Dynasty, Busan Port was opened in 1407 and was an important city because it is close to Japan. The Korean government allowed Japanese to live in Busan because Busan was open to the trade between Korea and Japan since the 15th century and Japanese built houses and buildings. When the Imjin War occurred, Japanese people under the control of Toyotomi Hideyoshi invaded Korea in 1592, after Joseon Dynasty did not lead Japan to Ming dynasty, Japan said that they needed the way to go to China and to conquer the Ming dynasty in China, but Japan changed its words and attacked Korea. At that time, Joseon Dynasty was not prepared for the war. Therefore, since Korea and the Ming dynasty had a good relationship with China, the Ming dynasty helped Joseon fight back Japan. When Toyotomi Hideyoshi died, Japanese solders went their county because they lost their hero and could not fight with both Korea and China.

Since Busan is a port city, the trade between Korea and Japan occurred in Busan until 1876 when Busan-Po (Port) opened with the treaty of Kanghwa. At that time, Busan was the first international port. Later, the other ports were used for trade because Japan wanted to sell goods and food through trade by an unfair agreement on trade.

Japan invaded again and colonized Korea from 1910 to 1945. Then, Japan controlled Korea, including Busan. After World War 2 ended, Korea was divided into North Korea which was controlled by Russia and South Korean which was governed by the United States of America. During the Korean War, Busan was the temporary capital of South Korea from 1950 to 1953 and one of cities that were not conquered by North Korea when Korean War occurred. Therefore, many South Korean moved to Busan from other places. At that time, UN troops landed on Busan and surrounded Busan to protect Koreans from communists and to defeat North Korea and other allied communists on June 30 in 1950. South Korean and UN Soldiers started to fight with North Korean and communists in Korea. The Korean War occurred when the Korean government was made into Republic of Korea and Democratic People’s Republic of Korea because of political ideology after Pacific War and World War 2. IN 1995, the name of city was changed from Busan City (Jikhalsi) to Busan Metropolitan City.


East-Busan Tourism Complex is planned to be built from 2005 to 2017 in Gijang-eup, Gijan-gun and its size is about 3,638, 310 m2. This future facility will have theme parks, resorts, and marine view facilities.


Sarcasm

Sarcasm is a figure of speech or speech comment which is extremely difficult to define. It is often a statement or comment which means the opposite of what it says. It may be made with the intent of humour, or it may be made to be hurtful.

The basic meaning is to be hostile under the cover of friendliness. The word's origin is Greek, "sarcasmus", see sarchasaristic (Hobson 2018). However, it usually comes with a cue which helps the receiver to understand it. For example, a mother saying "Oh, that's clever!" when a child makes a mistake always signals her love with her tone of voice. Quite different when a hostile person says "Oh, here comes Mr Clever-clogs!". So a person learns how to decode the message.

Much more difficult it is when someone uses a neutral tone of voice, as in "deadpan" or "dry humor". Psychologists think such cases are basically hostile.

A point to remember is that it does not travel well in writing or translation.


Lie

A lie is something that someone says that is not true to make others believe that the lie is the truth. People can have many reasons for lying, such as to hide something or get something, or white lies. Studies show that people usually start lying at the age of two. Some people are pathological liars.

Lying can only be done deliberately (on purpose). If a person says something which is not true, and does not know that it is not true, that person is making a mistake and "not" lying.

"Repeat a lie often enough and it becomes the truth", is a law of propaganda often attributed to the Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels. But the description first appeared in Hitler's "Mein Kampf", 16 years before Goebbels' use of the phrase. The European Center for Populism Studies says Hitler first used it to describe the behaviour of Jews rather than a tactic he himself advocated.

A serious type of lie is perjury. It means telling a lie in a court of law. It can lead to a great injustice. For that reason it is legally and morally wrong. The Ten Commandments says we should not "bear false witness against our neighbor". Most religious thinkers say this can mean other lying also, but very strongly forbids perjury.

Tricking someone into believing something with many lies over a long period. "The invasion plan was hidden by deception". Deception need not involve speaking. Hiding one's actions from another is a form of deception. Animals are capable of deception. Some birds pretend to be injured to lead predators from their nest. White-collar criminals often use deception. They get people to give them money by telling them it is an 
investment.

Getting rid of or adding details to a fact. If a scientist says that "The medicine is safe in small amounts", a drug company can distort it and say "The scientist says the medicine is safe". Distortion is often seen in commercials or political advertising. Extreme examples are called propaganda where news can be distorted simply by choosing to cover one story but not another.

Telling a small lie to make people feel better or for other reasons which do not harm anybody or anything. Saying that a person likes what another person is wearing, even though they do not, is a white lie. Often the purpose of a white lie is to protect someone from being upset. This might happen when a child or elderly persons hears that someone has died. The opposite choice is sometimes called being "brutally honest". It means that a person tells true things that hurt people instead of hiding the truth. White lies should not be confused with sarcasm.

People hurt each other in war, and one way is to lie. They make the enemy belive they are in one place when they are in another. They pretend they will do one thing when they intend to do another. Spies pretend they are not enemies, in order to get secrets.

Like other ways of fighting, lying can be morally good if done for a good reason. In the Old Testament Bible, Rahab lied about the Israelite spies she had hidden. The Bible says this was a good thing to do. Usually the term "white lie" refers to small unimportant things. Justifiable lies could be very big and important, but may still be good. However people should be careful about thinking their lies are good. Other people may see them as bad.


Brand

Brand might mean:


Scratch and sniff

Scratch and sniff refers to paper that produces an odor when it is scratched. Scratch and sniff is mostly used on stickers. Scratch and sniff stickers are frequently given to children as a reward for doing well in school.

Scratch and sniff is created by covering the odor in a covering that breaks easily when it is scratched. Because the odor is covered, it can be kept for a very long time.

Rose

The rose is a type of flowering shrub. Its name comes from the Latin word "Rosa". 

There are over three hundred species and tens of thousands of cultivars. The flowers of the rose grow in many different colors, from the well-known red rose or yellow rose and sometimes white or purple rose. 
Roses belong to the family of plants called Rosaceae. All roses were originally wild: they grew in North America, Europe, northwest Africa and many parts of Asia and Oceania. There are over 100 different species of roses. The wild rose species can be grown in gardens, but most garden roses are cultivars, which have been selected by people.

Over hundreds of years they have been specially bred to produce a wide variety of growing habits and a broad range of colours from dark red to white including as well yellow and a bluish/lilac colour. Many roses have a strong, pleasant scent. 

Most roses have spines (incorrectly called thorns) on their stems. This is a common defense system in plants.

Rose bushes are able to live in a wide variety of conditions. The fruit of the rose is called a hip. Some roses have decorative hips.

Roses are widely used across the world as symbols of love, sympathy or sorrow. Rose is widely used as a girl's name.

The rose was sacred to Venus. Venus was the Roman goddess of love and beauty. It was also linked with Cupid (son of Venus). He was the Roman god of desire – in one myth, he dropped nectar and the nectar bubbled up from the ground as roses. The rose was also sacred to Bacchus. He was the Roman god of wine.

Rich Romans would lie on couches with roses laid on them. They would wear roses tied onto string around their neck. Anything which was said "under the rose" was considered to be a secret. Cleopatra VII of Egypt was said to have had a floor of her palace covered in roses before her lover Mark Antony visited her.

The flower of the rose plant can be different sizes. It may be as small as 1/2 inch across to a diameter of almost 7 inches.
Also, roses can be used for good scent. The scent of the rose comes from tiny perfume glands on the petals, which can be seen through a powerful microscope. Sometimes rose petals are dried and packed so that you can use them for decoration or for scent.

Roses can be seen very much in gardens. Sometimes they can be in vineyards as well. In a big vineyard, a bush of roses are planted at the end of each row of vines. As long as the roses stay healthy, the vine growers can see that their vines are healthy as well.

There are thousands of rose cultivars that people grow in gardens and on farms. The names used to describe the different types often refer to one species that is the main ancestor of that group, for example, Gallica roses are mostly descended from "Rosa gallica". Other groups have several different species among their ancestors. Hybrid Tea roses, Floribunda roses, and English roses are the most common in gardens today. They are of so many colours like red, yellow, orange, pink, purple and so on


In the Catholic religion, rose is a symbolic element of the Holy Rosary; it is reported that Fra Angelico, praying the rosary in the street, saw the Virgin with a group of Angels offering her
hymns and prayers while they were composing a crown of roses. Surprised by the vision, he interrupted the prayer and the angels stopped; when he prayed again he saw the angels recommencing to compose the crown of roses to offer to Mary. 

Different colored roses were said to have different meanings. That era is passed, but these were the meanings:

Mud pie

Mud pie might mean:

Apple pie

An apple pie is a pie or tart filled with apples. Sometimes it has whipped cream or ice cream on top. It is a common type of pie. It is commonly associated with American culture, e.g. the expression 'As American as apple pie'.


Pumpkin pie

Pumpkin pie is a dessert pie with a spiced pumpkin-based custard filling. The pumpkin is a symbol of harvest time. In the United States and Canada, it is usually prepared for Thanksgiving and other occasions when pumpkin is in season.

Pies made from pumpkins use pie pumpkins that are about six-to-eight inches in diameter. Pie pumpkins are mostly smaller than jack-o'-lantern pumpkins.

The pumpkin is native to North America. The pumpkin was an early export to France. During the 17th century, pumpkin pie recipes could be found in English cookbooks, like Hannah Woolley's "The Gentlewoman's Companion" (1675). But pumpkin "pies" made by early American colonists back then were more likely to be a savory soup rather than sweet custard in a crust.

It was not until the 19th century that pumpkin pie recipes appeared in American cookbooks. It also was not until that century that they became a part of the Thanksgiving dinner. The Pilgrims brought the pumpkin pie back to New England. The English method of cooking the pumpkin took a different course.

In the United States after the American Civil War, the pumpkin pie was resisted in the Southern United States as a symbol of Yankee culture brought to the South. Instead, the Southern United States prepared sweet potato pie.



"There's No Place like Home for the Holidays" makes a reference to homemade pumpkin pie from a man who wants to return to Pennsylvania"
"Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree" says: "Later we'll have some pumpkin pie/And we'll do some caroling"
"Sleigh Ride makes reference to a happy feeling "as they pass around the coffee and the pumpkin pie" 

Pumpkin

A pumpkin is a type of a squash which is a fruit. They are usually orange, but they can also be purple, red, blue, or white. Pumpkins are usually shaped like spheres or stretched-out spheres.

People can eat pumpkins. Often, people make pumpkins into pies or soups. People can eat and cook pumpkin seeds. People also use pumpkins for decoration, for example, when people make jack-o-lanterns at Halloween.

It also has a few noted uses in folk medicine. It has been traditionally used in some Native American tribes for treating intestinal and kidney problems. However, these uses may not be reliable.

Ribeirão Preto

Ribeirão Preto is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population, in 2005, was 551,312 inhabitants and its area is 652.2 km². Its name means Black Creek in Portuguese.

Guarulhos

Guarulhos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population was 1,251,179 inhabitants in 2005 and its area is 317.1 km².

Santos, São Paulo

Santos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population was 418,316 inhabitants . Its area is .


São José dos Campos

São José dos Campos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population in 2005 was 600,049 inhabitants. It is located about 100 km (63 miles) from the city of São Paulo and has an area of 1,100 km² (424.7 mi²).

São Bernardo do Campo

São Bernardo do Campo () is a Brazilian city in the ABC Region, state of São Paulo. Its population in 2003 was 745,161. Its area is .

The city was founded in 1553, one of the first cities in Brazil.
São Bernardo do Campo is very known because of the automobiles industries that came in 1950s, like: Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz, Daimler Chrysler and Ford.


Santo André

Santo André is a Brazilian city in ABC Region, state of São Paulo. Its population in 2007 was 667,891. Its area is .


Osasco

Osasco is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population in 2016 was 696,382 inhabitants. Its area is 65 km².


Sorocaba

Sorocaba is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population in 2005 was 565.180 inhabitants and its area is 449 km².


Google Earth

Google Earth is a virtual globe program that was first called Earth Viewer. Keyhole, Inc. created it in 2001. It has been owned by Google since 2004. The program maps the surface of Earth by combining pictures taken by satellites and airplanes. There are also three-dimensional maps where users can look at areas from different angles. It is quite similar to Google Maps.

Google Earth is interactive and lets the user move the globe, and look at satellite imagery with overlays of roads, buildings, geographic features, and more. 

Teachers can use it to improve students' visual literacy. Students can use it to develop a background for three-dimensional and cultural differences.


Google Maps

Google Maps is a mapping website from Google, and also the name for the technology that it works on. It provides satellite pictures and road maps for anywhere in the world.

Google Maps also shows the locations of many places and businesses (called points of interest). It can provide street addresses, phone numbers, and URLs to their websites. It can generate directions between different places using many ways of transport, such as by car, bike, public transport, and even by air, and show traffic traffic congestion. Maps can be embedded on other websites via the Google Maps Application programming interface. It has a feature called Google Street View, which provides photos of streets in some places so one can see what it is like if they were standing in that area of the Earth in real life.

Google Maps was started on February 8, 2005, and uses JavaScript, XML and AJAX. Its website works in almost any web browser or through mobile applications on platforms like iOS and Android. Google has a "Local Guides" program where anybody can write reviews and upload photos or videos of places, as well as make changes to the maps (such as adding new places or removing closed places). This is much like how a person can contribute to Google Translate or to Wikipedia and other Wikimedia Foundation websites.



Google Videos

Google Videos is a division of the search engine Google that searches video sharing websites.

It is the successor to Google Video, a Google website that allowed people to upload videos through its servers so that they can be shared online. Google Video discontinued its service in August 2012, because of the high popularity of YouTube, which is a subsidiary of Google.


Zane Lowe

Alexander Zane Reid Lowe (born 7 August 1973) is a New Zealand radio disc jockey in the United Kingdom. He presents an early evening show on the British music radio station BBC Radio 1 on Mondays to Thursdays. Lowe also presented shows on the music television station MTV2.


Iranian Revolution

The Iranian Revolution, also known popularly by Iranians as the Islamic Revolution, occurred in 1979 in the Muslim-majority country of Iran. Islamist revolutionaries, opposed to the pro-Western policies of secularization implemented by Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, overthrew the government installed by the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1953 Iranian coup d'état and established the Islamic Republic of Iran.

The Iranian Revolution began when supporters of Ayatollah Khomeini, previously exiled from the country as punishment for criticizing the Shah, launched massive protests against the regime of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. The ultimately successful revolution enabled Khomeini to become the Supreme Leader of Iran. He then founded the Islamic Republic with the support of a public referendum.

Shortly after the revolution, tensions began to arise between the Iranian government of Ayatollah Khomeini and the Iraqi government of President Saddam Hussein. This resulted in the Iran–Iraq War. Around the same time, supporters of the revolution attacked the Embassy of the United States in the Iranian capital city of Tehran, beginning the Iran hostage crisis.

To understand the events that led to the fall of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi, and the establishment of an Islamic Republic in the country, it is important to take a quick look back. Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, the Shah overthrown by the Revolution, acceded to the throne in 1941 after the abdication of his father. At the beginning of the Cold War, Mohammed Reza Pahlavi drew closer to the United States and the Western bloc. The new Shah quickly set out to modernize Iran.

Mohammad Mossadegh, Prime Minister between 1951 and 1953, introduced social security and land reform. At the same time, Mohammad Mossadegh, the Shah's Prime Minister, nationalized the Iranian oil industry following a dispute with the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (APOC). Mossadegh was overthrown in Operation Ajax by British and American intelligence in 1953, and the political situation was so unstable that the Shah, who had supported the US and UK, was forced into exile. He quickly returned to power and initiated a series of economic and social reforms to modernize the country. Still, a growing divide between a highly westernized population and a more conservative section of the people supported Ayatollah Khomeini.

The latter and the student protest movements were then largely financed by the United States, which accused the Shah of favoring other countries for the oil trade.

In 1963, Mohammed Reza Pahlavi launched the "Revolution of the King and the People", better known as the "White Revolution". This program included a series of innovative reforms.

The Shah intended these reforms to be a non-violent regeneration of Iranian society through economic and social reforms, with the long-term goal of transforming Iran into a global economic and industrial power. The Shah introduced innovative financial concepts such as distributing profits to workers and initiated government-funded heavy industry projects and the nationalization of forests, pastures, and water resources. Most important, however, was the land reform that saw the large landowners lose most of their influence and power. Socially, the White Revolution gave more rights to women, allowed the development of the medical profession, and injected funds into education, especially in rural areas.

Opposed to the Shah's "White Revolution," the Ayatollah was arrested in 1963 after a series of riots in Tehran. His arrest aroused the anger of his supporters, who took to the streets in large numbers violently and repressed demonstrations.

Released from prison, he was forced into exile in 1964. He went to Turkey and then to Iraq before returning to France and the small town of Neauphle-le-Château in the Yvelines. Khomeini then attracted the attention of many French intellectuals, including Michel Foucault and Jean-Paul Sartre, who gave him their support. Both men saw in him the possibility of an independent and anti-colonial Iran but were blind to the potential authoritarian drifts of such a regime.

In 1971, the Iranian royal family celebrated the 2500th anniversary of the Persian Empire with great pomp and circumstance. Ayatollah Khomeini criticized this lavish celebration, which was far removed from the reality of the Iranian people. From the beginning of the 1970s, discontent was growing among the population.

The growing anger over the exile of Ayatollah Khomeini and the expensive celebrations of 1971 reached a new high when in January 1978, the government-linked newspaper "Ettelaat" tried to belittle Khomeini's reputation by describing him as an Indian instead of a Persian and a "British agent who serves colonialism." The article angered the clerical supporters of Ayatollah Khomeini who organized protests in the Iranian city of Qom. When the protestors refused to end their protests, government forces opened fire, resulting in the death of at least 20 protestors.

Anger over these violent methods now spread throughout the country, where several other forces that opposed the Shah were also gaining large-scale recognition. Several organizations and figures with Marxist leanings, such as Ali Shariati and the Tudeh Party, started to call for protests against the Pahlavi regime. Although Khomeini's goals and those of the Marxists were seemingly contradictory, their shared hostility towards the Shah's regime led to a wide opposition movement that adopted Khomeini's Islamic as Marxist slogans. Protests against the Pahlavi regime, and in support of Khomeini and Shariati started to erupt all over the country.

Meanwhile, Khomeini, who was in exile in France, kept communicating with his supporters in Iran. Living in a small village called Neauphle-le-Chateau, he continued to call for revolution, telling his supporters that there was no way forward besides the overthrowal of the Pahlavi regime. While the government had planned to exile Khomeini to decrease his influence. The fact that Khomeini was now out of reach for the Pahlavi regime gave him more opportunity to plot the revolution and reach Iranians in Iran and all over the globe.

From May 1978, Iran's riots against the Shah intensified, led by Islamic groups. After the death of several students opposed to the Shah during a demonstration, the revolt grew and was repressed in blood. The shah, already significantly weakened by his cancer, entrusted power to one of his opponents, Chapour Bhoping, hoping that this would be enough to ease tensions. But this was not the case. Despite the support of the army, Bakhtiar was forced to negotiate with Khomeini, who agreed to support the government on the condition that he could return to Iran.

Faced with a popular uprising and as the Revolution gained momentum, the Shah of Iran, abandoned by his Western supporters, was forced into exile on 16 January 1979 after 38 years of rule. Egypt, Morocco, the United States, the Bahamas, Mexican co, Panama, the late shah, and his wife went to many places after they fled from Iran. However, in Tehran, people demanded the return of the shah so that he could be judged. He was seriously ill and underwent his last operation in Egypt. The last shah of Iran died on 27 July 1980 and was given a grand state funeral in Cairo.

On 1 February 1979, Khomeini returned to Iran after 14 years of exile in Iraq and France and came to power on the same day.

The government of Shapour Bakhtiar, which had been forced to accept Khomeini's return, was deposed and fled. The Iranian Empire disappeared, and the country became the Islamic Republic.

Ayatollah Khomeini relied on armed militias and the clergy to establish his power and became the Guide of the Revolution or Supreme Guide. He remained so until he died in 1989. During these years, Iran cut itself off from the rest of the world due to the country following sharia law. There were reforms to follow sharia such as women's reforms, and financial reforms.

On 4 November 1979, the American embassy, seen as the last vestige of imperial rule and opposition to the revolution, was taken hostage by pro-Khomeini militants for 444 days.

When Khomeini came to power in 1979, relations between Iran and Iraq began to deteriorate, leading to war. Indeed, the oil-producing countries viewed the Islamic revolution as a destabilizing economic factor. Moreover, Iraq wanted to control the Shatt-el-Arab, a region rich in water and oil: territorial rivalries were at stake. The war killed between 500,000 and 1,200,000 people.

Since 2005, Iran has started the exploitation of nuclear fuels, causing disagreement among the UN Security Council. The country, located in an unstable area of the world, is suspected of aspiring to possess nuclear weapons.

Although they were allies in the revolution, the different views of how the country should be governed now that the Shah was deposed created the Islamists and the more moderate followers of the secular and Marxist organizations on the other hand.

Khomeini and his supporters, who are often seen as Islamists, had a large part in the revolution. But other organizations such as the secular Liberation movement and the Marxist Fedayeen-I-Khaliq also played a role.

There had been calls for establishing the Islamic Republic throughout the revolution, both by Khomeini's supporters and others. But what precisely the Republic would entail was not yet clear. In this confusing situation, roughly two dominating camps arose among the many parties participating in the revolution. On the one hand, Khomeini and his supporters wanted the constitution to be based mainly around Islamic ideals and Khomeini's idea of "vilayet-e-faqih"; on the other hand, the liberal-minded Mehdi Bazargan, a member of the Liberation movement, and his supporters wanted a constitution that was primarily based on secular ideals. (Abrahamian 162-163).

Bazargan himself was made prime minister by Khomeini, who wanted to set up a provisional government to keep intact those governmental structures that were seen as working perfectly fine. Because of this difference of opinion, Khomeini set up several councils and institutions headed by the clergy and their supporters, which came to hold a large amount of power, effectively creating a shadow government (Abrahamian 162-163).

In March 1979, Khomeini called for a referendum where the Iranian government was asked if they wanted an "Islamic republic." Because the call for an Islamic republic was a large part of the revolution, 98.2% of Iranians voted in favor.

And so, the constitution for the Islamic Republic was drafted, in which it was Khomeini's vision that was heavily favored Abrahamiann 162-163). While Bazargan, his followers, and other more moderate minorities opposed elements of the constitution, at this point, Khomeini's position and support in the country, especially among the mass of lower-class people, was so strong that opposition against Khomeini's vision of the constitution was not likely to be achieved.

Many Iranians were forced into exile by the revolution.

Estimates of the number of Iranians who died during the war with Iraq and the riots with the Shah's forces vary from 3,000 to 60,000. The number executed by orders of the Revolutionary Courts is often estimated at 8,000.

During the revolution, 52 Americans were held hostage after being seized at the US embassy.


Tentacle

A tentacle is a part of the body of an animal or plant that can move freely. They are like arms. Some invertebrates, like squid, sea anemones or hydras have them. They use the tentacles to catch food, or to grip the sourroundings. Some carnivorous plants, such as the Drosera, also may have tentacles.

Javelin

A javelin is a light spear designed to be thrown. Historically it was a weapon, but from the Ancient Greeks to today it is used for sport. The javelin is almost always thrown by hand.

The javelin throw is a sports event, one of the field events which survive from the original Olympic Games. The athlete holds the javelin in one hand and, while running, throws it as far as possible. It is an official Olympic sport.

Unlike other throwing events, javelin allows the competitor to build speed over a considerable distance.


Sea anemone

Sea anemones are Cnidarian animals that live in the sea. They are polyps, one of the basic forms of the phylum. They are predatory animals, which paralyse their prey with stinging nematocysts. These fire a harpoon-like structure which delivers a dose of neurotoxins. To eat the fish, or crustacean, they move the prey into their stomach, where they are slowly digested. 

Anemones are sessile. This means they like to stay in one area. They can move very slowly along the bottom. Some types can swim to a new location by using flexing movements. Many species live in rockpools between high tide and low tide, and on rocky shores generally. Anemones can be found in deep oceans as well, and a few are pelagic.

An anemone has an oral disk on the top of its body. The sea anemone’s mouth and gut are in the middle of the oral disk. The tentacles surround the oral disk. The pedal disc is on the bottom of the sea anemone.

Some sea anemones live in symbiosis with other animals. clownfish, Incognito goby, and arrow crabs may shelter among the tentacles of the anemone. Hermit crabs often have sea anemones on the shell they live in. Some anemones have a symbiosis with a type of algae which lives inside them. This is the same thing many corals do. The dinoflagellate algae use sunlight to make food, and the anemone uses some of the food.

The first detailed investigation of sea anemones was a survey of those found on or near the beaches of the British Isles by the naturalist Philip Henry Gosse.

Polyp

Polyps are one of two forms of the cnidarians. The other body form is the medusa. Polyps have a vase-shaped body with tentacles around the mouth opening.

Polyps may be sexual or asexual. They can all reproduce asexually by budding. In some species, the polyps can also reproduce sexually.

When medusae mate, the result may be polyps, when polyps replicate, the result may be medusae. The details vary between species. Some species are polyps all the time (such as "Hydra", and the whole of the class Anthozoa (corals and anemones). 

In many cases the asexual buds formed do not separate from the parent but remain, thus forming colonies or 'stocks'. These may reach a great size, and contain a vast number of individuals. Slight differences in the method of budding produce great variations in the form of the colonies. The reef-building corals are polyp-colonies, strengthened by the formation of a firm skeleton.

Jellyfish (class Medusozoa) have two distinct life history stages (body forms) during their life cycle. The first is the polyp stage. Often, this polyp is attached to the sea floor, or to another hard surface. A polyp that lives that way is called sessile. 

In the second stage, the tiny polyps asexually produce jellyfish, each of which is known as a medusa. Tiny jellyfish swim away from the polyp and then grow and feed in the plankton. Jellyfish reproduce both sexually and asexually.

Dravidian languages

The Dravidian languages are a language family spoken by the Dravidian peoples. The languages are mainly spoken in South India, western Bangladesh, northern Sri Lanka and southern Pakistan. There are about 26 languages in this family. A total of about 215 million people speak the Dravidian languages.

Dravidian languages probably used to be spoken over a larger area of the subcontinent. There are several ethnic groups in India, known as "Scheduled Tribes", that still speak their own Dravidian languages. Brahui, with 2,200,000 speakers, is a Dravidian language that is spoken in the Balochistan region of Pakistan. Kurukh language is spoken in parts of Nepal and Bhutan. The main Dravidian languages are below:


East Pakistan

East Pakistan was part of Pakistan. Between 1955 and 1971, Pakistan was made of West Pakistan (which is now simply called Pakistan) and East Pakistan, which is now known as Bangladesh. In 1971, there was the Bangladesh Liberation War, where East and West Pakistan fought each other. India also took part in the war, on the side of East Pakistan.

East-West Schism

The East-West Schism (sometimes also called Great Schism) describes how Christianity split into two big branches called denominations in the Middle Ages. The Western part became the Roman Catholic Church. The Eastern part became the Eastern Orthodox Church. During the centuries, views on politics and theology developed differently in several ways. It is distinct from the earlier schism that separated Nestorianism and Oriental Orthodoxy from the main church in the 5th century, that itself split in half in 1054.

During the 5th and 6th Centuries the East and West became isolated from each other after the fall of the Western Roman Empire and due to the invasions of the Balkan peninsula. The Eastern Roman Empire, which became the Byzantine Empire, survived and developed differently from the West. They had different languages. Latin was the most important language in the West. The East mainly spoke the Greek language. Because of this, talking to each other was difficult. The West came under Frankish influence (as opposed to Byzantine) in the 8th century.

These were just some of the issues that led to the Great Schism. It seems that even after 1054 relations between the east and west were not completely unfriendly, and the common peasant was probably not immediately affected by the schism.

To understand the meaning of East-West Schism, it is useful to understand the meaning of schism. When differences arise among one group of persons or organizations and they divide themselves into two or more groups, this is schism.

The Christian church became divided into two major groups: Roman Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy. Most people accept that it happened in 1054. This separation was the result of differences that had begun many years before. One difference was the "filioque clause" in the Nicene Creed. This stated that the Holy Spirit came from the Father and the Son, although the original creed declared that It came from just the Father. One major reason for the division concerned the authority of the pope. The Eastern Orthodox group said that the pope's authority over them was only honorary, and the pope had real authority only over the western Christians.

Open division on doctrinal questions as well as daily matters had occurred long before the Great Schism of 1054. Leading up to the schism, Pope Leo IX (1002-1054) sent forth a party led by Cardinal Humbert of Silva Candida to talk through the obvious problems between the papacy and Constantinople. Michael Cerularius, the Patriarch of Constantinople, rejected the claims put forward by the papal committee. Those from the western side of the church accused Constantinople of having altered the Nicene Creed, and those from the eastern side accused the western church of altering the creed. This in turn led to Cardinal Humbert putting forward a Bull of Excommunication against Michael Cerularius on the altar of the Hagia Sophia, and the Great Schism became official.

The Roman Catholic Church changed the Nicene creed. It inserted a passage that is known as the Filioque. The Creed in its original form reads In the West, the Creed was changed to read 

There were many bishops in the church, and in the East the Pope was considered the "first among equals", but Rome claimed that the Pope was the primary Apostolic see, being that of Peter. At first the Eastern Orthodox did not mind the Pope's claim for power over the West - as long as his power stayed in the West. But it came to pass that the Pope decided he also had power over Eastern Christendom as well and he tried to enforce his power on the eastern Patriarchates. A letter written in 865 by Pope Nicholas claims the Pope's power extends "over all the earth, that is, over every church". Pope Nicholas also went beyond his powers as stated in Canon 111 of the Council of Sardica (343) when he overturned a verdict and ordered a retrial on a matter concerning Photius and St. Ignatius, two Patriarchs of Constantinople. This was as a result of petitions to Rome by backers of Ignatius. However, it should be noted that not all the Popes after Nicholas were as extreme - that is, until Pope Leo IX. When, in 1054 Cerularius attempted friendly relations with Pope Leo IX after a disagreement, a bull (religious legal document) of excommunication (expulsion from the Church) was brought to Constantinople. Each Church excommunicated the other.

Over the years, attempts to reconcile the churched have been made, but without success.


William III of England

William III and II (4 November 1650 – 8 March 1702) was King of England and Ireland from 13 February 1689 (as William III) and he was king of Scotland from 11 April 1689 (as William II). He remained king until his death on 8 March 1702.

William was born in the Netherlands as Prince William Henry of Orange. His mother was Mary Stuart. Mary was the sister of the King of England, James II, so King James was William's uncle. William married King James's daughter Mary (his own first cousin) on 4 November 1677.

The Protestant majority in England did not like King James, and he was overthrown in the "Glorious Revolution" of 1688. William landed in England (at Brixham) with a Dutch army.
When William landed, James's support melted away. James was allowed to leave for France, and William became the last person to successfully invade England by force. The events are known as the Glorious Revolution. 

The English Parliament offered the English crown to William and Mary jointly (and when one died the other would be monarch), making them William III and Mary II. This later came to be known as the reign of William and Mary. Laws were passed which protected Parliament from unreasonable acts of the Sovereign, guaranteed religious toleration to Protestant nonconformists, but restricted the religious liberty of Roman Catholics and non-Christian faiths.

William summoned a Convention of the Estates of Scotland in 1689 and sent them a conciliatory (~friendly) letter, unlike James, who had tried to give them orders. On 11 April, the day of the English coronation, the Convention finally declared that James was no longer King of Scotland. William and Mary were offered the Scottish crown, and they accepted on 11 May. The Jacobites tried for over 50 years to have James and his heirs reinstalled.

William's enemy was the King of France, Louis XIV, who protected and supported James in his efforts to return. In Ireland, the majority Roman Catholics were reinforced by French forces led by Jacobites. William personally led his army to victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. James fled back to France. 

There was next a Nine Years' War between a coalition led by William, and France. The Anglo-Dutch Alliance did well on sea and defeated a French fleet at La Hogue in 1692. On the other hand, the alliance lost Namur in 1692, and the Battle of Landen on land, in 1693.

Mary died on 12 December 1694 of smallpox, leaving William to rule alone. He was eventually succeeded by his sister-in-law, Queen Anne. One more fact is of great importance. In 1701 an Act of Parliament was passed which settled the succession of the thrones of England and Ireland on Protestants only. Scotland was not part of this arrangement until the parliamentary union of the two kingdoms in 1707.


Abigail Fillmore

Abigail Powers Fillmore (March 13, 1798 – March 30, 1853), was the wife of Millard Fillmore, the 13th President of the United States. She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1850 to 1853.

She was born in Saratoga County, New York. Her father’s name was Lemuel Powers. Her father died shortly after her birth. After this, her mother moved away westward to less settled area. Abigail Powers had a brother also. Their mother gave them a good education with the help of her husband’s library. 

When Abigail Powers was around 19 years old and a student at an academy at New Hope, New York, she met Millard Fillmore. He was also studying in the same academy. They married in February 1826. In 1828, she had a son, named Millard Powers Fillmore. After few years, Fillmore bought a home in Buffalo, New York where she had a daughter, Mary Abigail. During the next few years, her husband was elected to the U.S. Congress. Her husband became a state comptroller. In 1849, her husband became the Vice President of the United States. The couple moved to the Washington, D.C.. After 16 months, President Zachary Taylor died. Millard Fillmore became the President and they moved into the White House.

During last several years, Abigail Powers had learnt to move in the high society. She did a fine role as the First Lady. 

She had a permanently injured ankle. This made standing difficult to greet guests. But she still continued to act as the first lady. Later on, due to her bad health, she gave many routine duties of the First Lady to her daughter, "Abby." 

Abigail Powers could get a special sanction of money from the government. With this, she bought many books for the library at the White House. After her husband’s retirement, she attended the inauguration of President Franklin Pierce. She returned to her hotel room. Due to very chill weather, she became sick with pneumonia. On 30th March, 1853, she died of pneumonia. In her respect, the United States Congress adjourned (that is, stopped working) for that day, and government offices remained closed. She was buried at Buffalo. 

After about five years of her death, her husband married a widow named Caroline Fillmore of Buffalo, New York. Millard died on March 8, 1874. 

Myocardial infarction

A myocardial infarction, also and commonly called a heart attack, happens when a blood vessel in the heart suddenly becomes blocked. Blood vessels carry blood and oxygen. When a blood vessel in the heart gets blocked, blood cannot get to part of the heart. This part of the heart does not get enough oxygen. This is called ischemia. When the heart muscle becomes ischemic (does not get enough blood and oxygen), the ischemia often causes chest pain. This is called Angina Pectoris. If the ischemia lasts long enough, the heart muscle that is not getting enough oxygen dies. This is called an infarction. "Myocardial infarction" means "infarction (muscle death) in the heart muscle."

A heart attack is a medical emergency. The first few minutes are very important for keeping the person alive. Some of the damage from the heart attack can be repaired if the person gets treatment during the first hour of the attack.

Most heart attacks are caused by Coronary Artery Disease (CAD). In coronary artery disease, a wax-like material called plaque builds up on the inside walls of arteries in the heart. This is called atherosclerosis. Plaque is made of cholesterol and other cells. The amount of plaque increases slowly. As more plaque builds up, the insides of the heart's blood vessels get narrower. This means that less blood can flow through the blood vessels. This can cause platelets (which make the blood clot) to build up in front of the plaque. This causes a blood clot in the blood vessel. If the clot breaks free and gets stuck in part of the blood vessel made narrower by the plaque, the plaque and the clot together block the blood vessel completely. This makes it impossible for blood to get to part of the heart, and causes a heart attack.

A person can lower their chances of getting coronary artery disease by eating healthy foods, exercising, not smoking cigarettes, and not drinking too much alcohol.
Signs that a person is having a heart attack show over several minutes, and rarely come immediately. Most people having a heart attack have chest pain. Sometimes, people also have pain in the left arm, the lower jaw, the neck, the right arm, the back, or in parts of the abdomen.

Many women have different symptoms than men. The most common symptoms include shortness of breath (trouble breathing), weakness, and feeling very tired. Some women feel tired, do not sleep properly, and have shortness of breath for up to a month before they have a heart attack. Women may also have nausea and stomach upset when having a heart attack.

Sometimes, people have "silent heart attacks." These are heart attacks that do not cause any pain. They are more common in elderly people, women, and people with diabetes. In these people, suddenly feeling very tired, or fainting, may be the only sign of a heart attack.

A heart attack is a medical emergency that needs treatment as quickly as possible. The most important thing is to save as much myocardium (heart muscle) as possible and prevent more complications. As time passes, the risk of damage to the heart muscle increases.

Doctors or paramedics usually start certain treatments as soon as a heart attack is suspected. These treatments include: 

Once doctors are sure that a person is having a heart attack, there are two main treatments: "clot-busting medicines" (thrombolytics) and percutaneous coronary intervention.

"Clot-busting medicines" (called thrombolytics) can dissolve blood clots that are blocking the blood vessels in the heart. This makes it possible for blood and oxygen to flow again to the part of the heart that was not getting enough blood and oxygen. The most common clot-busting medicine is called tissue plasminogen activator (tPA).

Clot-busters work best if patients get them within 30 minutes after getting to the hospital. However, if a patient gets a clot-busting medicine within 12 hours after the heart attack starts, they have a better chance of surviving.

Clot-busting medicines do have some risks. Sometimes they can thin the blood too much and cause bleeding.

Percutaneous coronary intervention is a way of opening blocked coronary arteries. Percutaneous means that the procedure is not done by cutting a person open in surgery. Coronary intervention means "way to help the heart". Percutaneous coronary intervention is also called "coronary angioplasty".

In a percutaneous coronary intervention, a doctor threads a flexible tube into one of the patient's blood vessels, usually one in the upper thigh. The doctor threads the tube up to the blocked blood vessels in the heart. On the end of the tube is a balloon. The doctor blows up the balloon, which pushes the plaque and blood clot against the side of the blocked blood vessel. This allows blood to flow through that blood vessel again. Sometimes, a doctor might also place a small mesh tube called a stent into the blood vessel. The stent will make sure the blood vessel stays open and does not get blocked again in the future.

As soon as a person thinks they may be having signs of a heart attack, they should call emergency service right away. (Emergency services can be reached dialling 911 in the US, and 112 in most of continental Europe) However, the average person waits about three hours before asking for help. When a person waits to get help, they are more likely to have more serious damage to their heart. The American Heart Association says "time is muscle": the more time a person waits to get treatment, the more heart muscle dies.

If a person is having trouble breathing, sitting straight up can help. The person should follow any instructions they get from the emergency operator or their doctor.

Keith Richards

Keith Richards (born 18 December 1943) is an English guitarist best known as a founder member of the Rolling Stones.

He is mostly famous for his rhythm guitar playing, but he can also play lead guitar quite well. He often likes to use a guitar with only 5 strings—the lowest-tuned string is removed. On a small number of Rolling Stones recordings, he plays bass guitar, as well as other instruments.

He sings background vocals on most Rolling Stones songs. Occasionally, he also sings lead vocals, on songs like "Happy", "Little T & A", and "The Worst".

In 2003 he was ranked 10th on Rolling Stone Magazine's "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".

Richards has co-written and recorded hundreds of songs with his song writing partner Mick Jagger. Fourteen of their songs are listed by Rolling Stone Magazine in their "500 Greatest Songs of All Time" issue. Keith is one of two members of the Rolling Stones to have both; played on all releases and, be in the band during its entire run. The other member to do so is Mick Jagger.

Keith is best known for playing a yellow Fender Telecaster.

Jagger/Richards is the songwriting duo of Keith and Rolling Stones lead singer Mick Jagger. Jagger and Richards first met in primary school, but would not see each other until after they both left primary school. The two would meet many years later in 1962 at a train station. They became friends after the meeting and are still friends now.

During the late 1960s and most of the 1970s, he had a serious addiction to heroin. However, he recovered and quit using it. Sometimes, in interviews, he talks about taking drugs in a way that seems humorous.


Edward Elgar

Sir Edward William Elgar, 1st Baronet (2 June 1857 – 23 February 1934) was the most famous English composer of his time. He composed in the late romantic era.
Elgar was born in Broadheath, Worcestershire. His father owned a music shop. Apart from having violin lessons Elgar taught himself about music, he studied the printed music in his father’s shop and often travelled with him when he went on his rounds to tune pianos. He heard a lot of cathedral music and often practised the organ. He took over his father’s job as church organist and soon became conductor of local orchestras and bands.

Worcester was a small town but the music there was good. The Three Choirs Festival took place there every third year. In 1884 he was playing the violin in the orchestra when the great Czech composer Dvořák was conducting.
In 1889 Elgar married. His wife Caroline Alice Roberts came from a family who had more money than the Elgars, and she was 8 years older than he was. Many people did not approve of the marriage, but she was a good wife to him and encouraged him in his efforts to be a successful composer.
In 1899 Elgar wrote an orchestral piece called the "Enigma Variations". There is a main tune, and then a series of variations on the tune. Each variation describes one of his friends, but he did not say which friends they were: he only put their initials or nickname at the top of each variation. This is why the piece is an enigma (a “puzzle” or “secret”). People have managed to work out who each friend was, but the meaning of the main tune is still a puzzle. This music made Elgar very famous. 

The next work that he wrote is probably his greatest work: "The Dream of Gerontius" (1900). It is an oratorio. Gerontius is an old man who is dying and thinking about whether God will punish him for his sins or save him and take him to heaven. Elgar wrote two other oratorios: "The Apostles" and "The Kingdom". He wrote two symphonies, a violin concerto, a cello concerto, Introduction and Allegro for Strings, Sea Pictures (five songs for mezzo soprano and orchestra) and chamber music including a violin sonata, a string quartet and a piano quintet.

Throughout his life his wife helped him by ruling neat manuscript lines on plain paper so that he could write his music. After she died in 1920 Elgar was so sad that he stopped composing. He died of colorectal cancer in Worcester.

Elgar’s most popular piece is the first of his "Pomp and Circumstance Marches". It has the tune which is sung to the words “Land of Hope and Glory” and the audience always join in singing it at the Last Night of the Proms.

Printing press

The printing press is a machine for printing. It makes many copies of identical pages. The printing press today is used to print books and newspapers. It had a great influence on society, especially western society. It was "one of the most potent agents... of western civilization in bringing together the scattered ideas of thinkers".

Woodcut printing has been done for several centuries. That was whole pages cut into wood, words and pictures. In the 15th century Johannes Gutenberg improved the process. He used separate alloy letters screwed into a frame. This way a large set of letters could make almost any page for printing. This process was called typesetting. Each letter was in a block of metal, fixed in a frame. He could then move paper and ink over it, much like a stamp. This method was called letterpress. The letters would leave ink on the paper in the shape of the letters, creating text or illustrations.

Bigger and much faster presses were invented in the industrial revolution. The main improvements were made in the 19th century. Two ideas altered the design of the printing press entirely. First was the use of steam power to run the machinery. Second was the replacement of the printing flatbed with the rotary motion of cylinders. Both were done by the German printer Friedrich Koenig between 1802 and 1818. Having moved to London in 1804, Koenig got financial support for his project in 1807. In 1810, Koenig patented a steam press "much like a hand press connected to a steam engine".

Soon other inventions were added, such as the making of cheaper paper by using wood pulp instead of rags. Later in the 19th century came machines which speeded up typesetting, which was previously done by hand, letter by letter. A machine for hot metal typesetting was designed by Linotype Inc. It turned molten lead into type ready for printing.

Many further developments in printing happened in the 20th century. Today printing presses are controlled by special-purpose computers, and the material to be printed is prepared on computers. As a consequence of these inventions, the cost of printing has fallen significantly compared to other commodities. Now the price of a book or magazine is less determined by its production, and more by other factors, such as marketing.

Mezzo-soprano

A mezzo-soprano is a female singer whose voice is a little lower than that of a soprano but not low enough to be called a contralto. There are many roles in opera that need a mezzo-soprano voice, for example the role of Carmen in the opera "Carmen" by Georges Bizet or Cherubino in "Le Nozze di Figaro" by Mozart. Famous mezzo-sopranos include: Marilyn Horne and Dame Janet Baker who have both now retired. Alice Coote and Susan Graham are famous mezzo-sopranos today.

Georges Bizet

Georges Bizet (25 October 1838 – 3 June 1875) was a French composer of the Romantic period. He is best known for his opera "Carmen", which is the best-known of all French operas.

Bizet was born in Paris and died in Bougival. After he died, most of his work was not popular. Many of the manuscripts he made were lost. After many years, his work started to be performed more.

Old age

Old age is when a person is near or beyond the usual life expectancy, usually from the age of 70 onwards. Old people are usually retired from work and spend their time in other ways like helping take care of small children who are kin to them in some way. Often people of old age have wrinkly skin. They will move slower, and become constantly cold. 

Old people have more health problems than young adults, and many of them take medicine. The reason for this is that their bodies are slowly deteriorating, so they have more problems, especially with moving. Osteoporosis weakens the bones, and is one of the problems that become more common with age. Others include blindness and deafness. Gerontology is the part of medicine that deals with these things.

Old people are also called "senior citizens" or "elders". Elders are considered to be wise because they have had much experience in their long lives. Many cultures view elders with respect and kindness, and depend upon them to pass down knowledge to the younger generations of people.

The Crystal Maze

The Crystal Maze is a British game show on Channel 4. It ran from 1990 to 1995 and was revived in 2016. A team of six players completed challenges to win crystals. It was presented by Richard O'Brien from series 1 to 4 and Ed Tudor-Pole in series 5 and 6. Stephen Merchant presented an episode in 2016. Richard Ayoade presents in 2017.

It was made by Chatsworth Television as an British version of the French show Fort Boyard. There are four zones in the maze - Medieval, Aztec, Futuristic and Industrial. In each zone, players attempt challenges to earn a crystal. Each crystal gives them five seconds in the Crystal Dome. After a while, the Industrial zone was replaced by an Ocean zone.

The Crystal Dome is a large glass crystal where the players must go in at the end. Small golden and silver tickets are blown around the dome and they must try and catch as many as they can. For every gold token they put in the box, they get a point. For every silver token they put in the box, they lose a point.

If the team gets over 100 points, they win a big prize. If they do not win, they get a small crystal to take home with them.

Counter-Reformation

The Counter-Reformation was a movement within the Roman Catholic Church which began in the 1500s. It covered the following five areas:

The Counter-Reformation began after Martin Luther's Reformation. In reaction, Catholics reaffirmed some points of faith that the Protestants' objections had put in danger. These included the validity of the seven sacraments. The Protestants had reduced the sacraments to only two, Baptism and the Eucharist. Protestants deny the doctrine of transubstantiation, which is seen as making Mass less important. Some reformation era groups had rejected the Mass entirely. Luther's view was somewhere between that of the more radical reformers and the Catholic view. Luther wrote that without faith neither Baptism nor the Eucharist is sufficient for salvation. The Counter-Reformation specifically re-affirmed the Catholic understanding of the mass. 
On other issues, Catholics effectively accepted some of the Protestant complaints. Penance became a private confession and repentance from sin instead of outward actions. This served to correct the corrupt practice of selling forgiveness. This type of forgiveness, called Indulgence was the immediate cause of Luther's protests against abuses in the Catholic church. 

As a result of the Counter Reformation, other abuses, such as Simony were also greatly curtailed. Thus the Protestant movement served not only to create new expressions of the Christian faith, but also to correct problems in the Catholic church which led to its revitalization. 

Catholic missionaries, especially Jesuits went across the world to spread the Catholic faith. The Congregation of the Holy Office of the Inquisition was also created, to revitalize the work of suppressing heresy.


Decolonization

Decolonization is when a colony of any country becomes independent. Thus, decolonization is the opposite of colonization. Sometimes, a colony may not get full freedom, but may become part of another country or even the part of the country which colonized it. This is also decolonization. 

In some cases, decolonization may result after non-violent discussion. In a relatively small number of cases, decolonization happens only after armed struggle and revolt. Decolonization is different from the break-up of traditional empires like the Mongol Empire or the Ottoman Empire. Decolonization generally means independence of non-Europeans from European rule. Thus, the break-up of the Union of Sweden and Norway and the independence of Manchukuo from the Empire of Japan were not decolonization. Major decolonization occurred in the 20th century. It began with the independence of Pakistan and India in 1947 from the British Empire. Soon after, many countries of Africa became independent from the rule of many countries of Europe.

History of the Soviet Union (1985–1991)

The history of the Soviet Union from 1985 to 1991 covers the dissolution of the Soviet Union. ("Dissolution" means ending or splitting up.) This was its end as a separate country.

The Soviet Union had many regions called "republics". They all belonged to the Russian Empire before 1917. All these "republics" were part of the Soviet Union, and the Soviet Union was one country. After its dissolution, all of the republics became independent countries. The names of these countries are: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Georgia, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.

Russia is a special case, because it still has a number of former republics inside its borders. That is why the country is called the Russian Federation. There are eight Federal Districts and 83 Federal Subjects of the Russian Federation. Siberia, for example, has two huge federal districts.

The Soviet Union ended with the formation of the Commonwealth of Independent States. At the time of dissolution of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev was the president of the Soviet Union. He was in this position for a little over a year but he was leader of the Soviet Union from March 11th 1985. On 25 December 1991, he quit the post of the president of the USSR. By 31 December 1991, all organizations and departments of the Soviet Union stopped working. On that date, the Soviet flag flew for the last time on the Kremlin.

During 1969 and 1982, very few changes took place in the politics and economy of the Soviet Union. With the beginning of the Soviet war in Afghanistan, its relationship with the United States also deteriorated. At that time Jimmy Carter, followed by Ronald Reagan was the President of the United States. Jimmy Carter ended the policy of Détente - ending of unfriendly relationship. Some historians believe that this may be one of the reasons that Soviet Union changed its political and economic policies.

In March 1985, Mikhail Gorbachev became the General Secretary of the CPSU. Under him, a new group of officials and leaders started a process of changes in the politics and economy of the Soviet Union. They also tried to improve relationships with Western countries like the US.

At that time, the Soviet economy was doing okay but it was slower than its competitors' economies in the West. Also, the cost of maintaining the Soviet Union, as a superpower was huge. These costs included running a large military; running the KGB networks; and giving money to countries close to the Soviet Union. At the same time, the Soviet Union’s technological development had fallen behind. For example: many of its factories used out-of-date technologies and it had fallen behind in the use of information technology.

In view of these and other reasons, Gorbachev and his team started three important policies:

Since the time of Vladimir Lenin in 1920s, the people of the Soviet Union did not have any right to own personal property and business. The government owned almost everything. In 1988, the government permitted the people to own some types of businesses in the service sector, manufacturing, and foreign trade. A system of cooperative restaurants, shops, and manufacturers started.

Glasnost gave a greater freedom of speech to the citizens and allowed them to criticise the government - something they had never been allowed to do. The government reduced censorship and controls on publication. The government set free many political prisoners. In January 1987, Gorbachev started a process of democratization of Soviet politics. In June 1988, Gorbachev started a process to reduce the control of the CPSU on the different parts of the government.

In December 1988, the Supreme Soviet had approved the establishment of a Congress of People's Deputies, the Soviet Union's new legislative body. In March and April 1989, elections to the Congress of People’s Deputies took place. The members on 15th March 1990 elected Gorbachev as the first executive President of the Soviet Union.

Many steps taken by Gorbachev gave results different than the intended results. Thus the "perestroika" and "glasnost" intended to make the Soviet economy stronger resulted into something very different. Many factors and events combined and finally they resulted in the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Under the policy of "glasnost" (political openness), the Soviet government and the Communist Party lost control over the media. A free media brought to notice of the public many bad aspects of the society and the economy of the Soviet Union. These bad aspects included poor housing, alcoholism, drug abuse, pollution, out-of-date technologies in many factories, and corruption. People also learnt of many crimes committed by Stalin. For example, they learnt about prisoners at Gulags, agreement with Adolf Hitler, and large massacres of Stalin opponents. Further, people also learnt details about such events as the ongoing Soviet war in Afghanistan and bad management of nuclear meltdown at Chernobyl (the Soviet Union didn't publicly admit to the meltdown until three days after it happened). In short, people learnt about the negative aspects of the Soviet life. People began to lose faith in their Soviet system and ideology of Communism.

By 1989, the Soviet government found it to be too difficult for the Soviet Union to keep its control over its Eastern European bloc and decided to let them choose their own futures. After the end of the Second World War, with the support of the Soviet Union, communist governments were ruling all these countries. The change in the policy of the Soviet Union led to the end of the communist governments in many of them by 1990: in Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Hungary, Poland and Romania.

Seeing all these developments, many "republics" of the Soviet Union wanted to become independent. The Glasnost policy also released long wanted nationalism in the "republics" that the Soviet government had suppressed and covered up. Some republics tried to become independent.

The leaders had thought that the policy of "perestroika" was a bold step to improve the economy. But, the steps were not strong enough to improve the bad economic conditions of 1980s. Despite many changes, Gorbachev and his team had left many aspects of the Soviet economy unchanged. Price control, inconvertibility of the ruble, and government control over most means of production continued. By 1990 the economic situation had become worse. 

On 7th February 1990, the Central Committee of the CPSU was forced to loosen its control over power. Different "republics" of the Soviet Union started to claim their right to become independent. They stopped following the laws of the central government of the Soviet Union. They also stopped paying taxes to the central authorities (of Moscow) of the Soviet Union. These weakened the Soviet authority and economy.

During a 1990 visit of Gorbachev to Vilnius, capital of Lithuania, about 250,000 persons protested in a public meeting. On 11th March 1990, leaders of Lithuania declared its independence from the Soviet Union. However, the Soviet central-government demanded Lithuania give up its independence and sent the Soviet Army to keep many troops in Lithuania. The government said that it would have to follow the Soviet constitution if it wanted to leave. The Soviet Union also started a blockade of Lithuania. On 30th March 1990, the leaders of Estonia declared that the control of their country by the Soviet Union from 1940 was illegal. They declared independence. The leaders of Latvia also started the process of independence on 4th May 1990.

On 17th March 1991, people of the Soviet Union voted to keep the existing Soviet Union in a slightly changed form. The Baltic States (Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia), Armenia, Georgia and Moldova boycotted the voting. In each of the other nine "republics" of the Soviet Union, a majority of the voters supported the retention of the Soviet Union. In June 1991 an election took place in the Russian Republic of the Soviet Union. Boris Yeltsin got 57% of the vote. He was a critic of Mikhail Gorbachev. Gorbachev’s preferred candidate, former Premier Nikolai Ryzhkov, got only 16% of the vote.

The "republics" of the Soviet Union had agreed to sign on 20th August 1991, an agreement making them almost independent republics but part of a federation, with a common president, foreign policy and military. However, many persons disagreed. They wanted a fast transition to a market economy even if it meant dissolution of the Soviet Union. There were many others in the CPSU and the military of the Soviet Union who supported continuation of the Soviet Union.

On 19th August 1991, some senior leaders of the Soviet Union formed a "State Committee on the State Emergency." They prevented signing of the agreement on 20th August 1991. These leaders included Gorbachev’s vice president Gennadi Yanayev, prime minister Valentin Pavlov, defense minister Dmitriy Yazov, KGB chief Vladimir Kryuchkov, and many other senior officials. At that time Gorbachev was holidaying in Crimea). These officials put him under house arrest. They also issued orders banning all political activities and banned most newspapers.

This was like a coup. The organizers had expected popular support for their action. But, the people did not support them. Instead, they supported "White House" (Yeltsin's office), then the symbolic seat of Russian sovereignty. The organizers of the coup tried but failed to arrest Boris Yeltsin. After three days, on August 21, the coup failed. The authorities detained the organizers. Gorbachev returned as president of the Soviet Union. However, Gorbachev's real powers had reduced.

Through the autumn of 1991, the Russian government took over the union government, ministry by ministry. In November 1991, Yeltsin issued an order banning the CPSU throughout the Russian republic. As a result, many former CPSU personnel left CPSU to join the new positions in the new Russian government.

After the failure of the coup, the republics of the Soviet Union increased their efforts to become independent. On 6th September 1991, the Soviet Union recognized the independence of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. On 1st December 1991, Ukraine declared its independence, after 90% of the voters opted for an independent Ukraine; this really destroyed any hopes of keeping the Soviet Union together since Ukraine was the second most powerful "republic" after Russia. One by one, the remaining eleven "republics" of the Soviet Union also declared themselves as sovereign and independent states.

On 6th September 1991, the Soviet Union had recognized the independence of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Twelve out of the fifteen republics of the Soviet Union had signed an international agreement (European Energy Charter) in the Hague on 17th December 1991. The signing had indicated that these republics had practically become independent and sovereign countries.

Leaving apart already independent Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the remaining 12 republics, all (except Georgia) joined the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). In December 1993, Georgia also joined the CIS. On 26th August 2006 Turkmenistan left the permanent membership, and became an associate member.

Many persons believed that with the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Soviet Union ceased to exist. They believed that it was the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Many others think that with CIS, Russia continues to have some control over the former republics of the Soviet Union.

On December 25, 1991, Gorbachev resigned as president of the USSR. By December 31, 1991 all official Soviet institutions had stopped to function in different "republics" of the Soviet Union. The individual governments of these republics started functioning. The Soviet flag flew last time over the Kremlin.

The four principles had governed the Soviet Union: a chain of soviets; ethnic federation; state socialism; and supremacy of the Communist party. Gorbachev's policies of "perestroika" and "glasnost" weakened all four principles. He repeatedly tried to form a circle of leaders to support his policies. He tried to do all these as he and his team saw that the Soviet Union was moving toward a long-term stagnation.

Gorbachev’s policies made it possible for leaders of various Soviet republics to gain confidence and influence. At the same time, he faced opposition from many including the nationalist forces and the traditional communists. Some people accepted the reforms; some wanted the old system to continue; and some desired complete independence from the Soviet Union and central control. In the end, Gorbachev was unable to ensure any common view among these forces. Ultimately, this led to the collapse and dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Immediately after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Yeltsin took many steps to change the economy of the Soviet Union from a socialist economy to a capitalist economy. For example: he cut the payment of grants to money-losing farms and industries; he also removed control over prices; he took steps for convertibility of the Russian rouble. He also allowed many people close to his circle, and other business people, to take possession of the businesses and industries earlier owned by the government, and to run them as private enterprises. The planners and economists had thought that these changes would lead to a faster economic development. However, nothing of this sort happened.

After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Russia faced many problems:

Many Russians of older generation believe that the earlier system was better. During 1990s, Russia faced many crises in political, social and economic matters. Many persons still believe that the situation still continues to be worse compared to earlier times.




Meiji Restoration

The Meiji Restoration (明治維新) was a time of great change in Japan. In the Japanese language, "Meiji-ishin" is the term for the Meiji Restoration. The term describes a series of events that changed the shape of Japan’s political and social systems. These changes took place mainly in the three years from 1866 to 1869, at the beginning of the Meiji period.

In 1866, the Tokugawa Shogunate was ruling Japan. In the year 1866, two domains, the local government at that time, came together under an alliance. The name of this alliance was the Sat-cho Alliance. This was an alliance between the Satsuma Domain and the Chōshū Domain, and a person named Sakamoto Ryoma brought the two domains together. These two domains supported the Emperor Meiji of Japan who, at the time, did not have much power. With their support the emperor could regain much of his power. 

The Tokugawa Shogunate’s rule ended on 9th November 1867, but they still retained some authority and power. In the Boshin War of 1868, an army from Satsuma Province and Choshu defeated the forces of the Tokugawa Shogunate. This completely ended the power of the Tokugawa Shogunate.

After defeating the Tokugawa Shogunate, the leaders of the Meiji Restoration started to reform the system of the country. They acted in the name of Japan’s emperor, to restore (that is, to return) the emperor’s powers. But, the leaders also kept to themselves a number of powers. In fact, even after the Meiji Restoration, an oligarchy, a small group, had the real power and ruled in the name of the emperor. 

After the Meiji Restoration started, Japan’s progress was fast. The revolution included centralizing power, changing the tax system, starting the educational system, constructing factories and railways, etc.

Industrialization developed rapidly and within next three to four decades (by 1905) Japan had become a military power, comparable to the great powers of the time.


European Convention on Human Rights

Countries, which are members of the Council of Europe agreed on certain points written in a document to ensure human rights written in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. These points became the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. In its shorter form it is European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR). The convention also established the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), and the sentence of this Court has a force legal power by its Article 46.

The ECHR was written on 4 November 1950.

The ECHR has made many protocols, for example: protocol 2nd for right to education, 12th against all discrimination also by public authority and 13th for complete abolition of the death penalty. Protocols are set of rules. All member countries must follow these rules.

The ECtHR can give decisions on complaints or cases which come to it. If a person thinks that a European country has abused his or her human rights, that person may take the matter to the judges of ECtHR. The judges will listen to the complaint and give their decisions. These decisions must be followed by the governments of the countries.


European Court of Human Rights

The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) hears and decides particular type of complaints. These complaints relate to abuse of human rights. ECoHR’s other popular name is "Strasbourg Court". Member countries of the Council of Europe created ECoHR to arrange all such complaints, listen to the complaints, and to give decisions. European Convention on Human Rights tells about many human rights. ECoHR sees that people should enjoy all these human rights.

ECoHR' has a number of judges. The number of judges is seven normally but at the case of dealing a great issue, the number will be 21 and the judges are equally from member countries of the Council of Europe. At present, there are forty seven member countries of the Council of Europe. Each country may have one judge in the ECoHR. But, judges work independently for the ECoHR, and not for their country.

Ted Turner

Ted Turner (born November 19, 1938 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American businessman who is best known for being the founder of the television networks Turner Broadcasting Station (TBS) and Cable News Network (CNN). These were the first cable TV networks. He is also famous for being the founder of professional wrestling company World Championship Wrestling (WCW), as well as the Captain Planet and the Planeteers.

He's made several war epics on the Civil War. Ted Turner is known for saving MGM's film library, though that forced him to sell his company. At one point, Turner gave a billion dollars to the United Nations.

Ted Turner was once married to Jane Fonda. He was raised in Atlanta, Georgia and in Savannah, Georgia. Turner is the third largest private landowner in the United States a total of 1.75 million acres.

Turner has bipolar disorder.

Turner's biggest ranch is Vermejo Park Ranch in New Mexico. At , it is the largest privately owned, piece of owned land in the United States. Turner supports the Public forum debate of the National Forensic League.

In a television interview with Piers Morgan on May 3, 2012, Turner said he had four girlfriends. He then said that it was complicated but yet easier than being married.

One of Turner's children, Robert Edward "Teddy" Turner IV, announced on January 23, 2013, that he would run in the South Carolina Republican primary for the open Congressional seat. He lost the primary to former Governor Mark Sanford.

In September 2018, Turner announced that he was diagnosed with Lewy body dementia.


Taco Bell

Taco Bell is a fast food restaurant that started in the United States in 1962. There are restaurants now in certain parts of Canada, Asia, Europe, United Kingdom and Australia. It serves Mexican-style food. It was started by Glen Bell and is a division of Yum! Brands, Inc. Taco Bell's menu has items such as tacos, burritos, soft drinks, chalupas, gorditas, and nachos. There are 7,000 Taco Bells in the United States. Some Taco Bells are merged with KFCs.

In 2017, Forever 21 produced a clothing line in partnership with Taco Bell, featuring branded T-shirts and sweatshirts, as well as bodysuits made to look like Border Sauce packets.

In November 2019, Taco Bell announced "Taco Bell's Taco Shop", an online store with Taco Bell branded merchandise including hoodies and tees, holiday ornaments, inflatable sauce packets, and wedding-related items.


Żagań

Żagań is a town in the west part of Poland. 26,665 people lived there in 2004. It is the main town of part of Poland called Żagań County. 

It is now part of the in the Lubusz Voivodship (a Voivoidship is part of the way Poland is organised into areas), before it was in Zielona Gora Voivodship (1975-1998). There is a castle called Sagan in the middle of an area that is also called Sagan. The castle belonged to Wallenstein, a soldier and politician of the Thirty Years' War. Later, the castle belonged to the Bohemian family of Lobkowitz. In 1786, the Sagan area was bought by Peter Biron, duke of Courland. In 1843, it went to his daughter Dorothea, the wife of Edmond de Talleyrand.

An act of the king of Prussia on January 6, 1845 made her Duchess of Sagan. Napoleon III did the same in France, for her son Louis. The double title, both Prussian and French, meant that the duc de Sagan was a neutral party in the Second World War. His house (the Château de Valençay) was a safe place to keep pictures and other things from the Louvre when German soldiers were in France. 

In the Second World War, the well-known war prison Stalag Luft III was there.


Palatine Hill

Palatine Hill (Latin: "Palatium") also named the Sun Hill was the hill that Rome was built on. Rome later extended to include the seven hills:

According to Livy (59 BC – 17) the Palatine hill got its name from the Arcadian settlement of Pallantium. The term palace itself stems from "Palatium".

Chupacabra

El Chupacabra (or El Chupacabras) is a cryptid said to live in Puerto Rico, Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Anaheim California. Gilbert Arizona. Texas to Florida, Michigan, Maine and even Oregon. Its name comes from the Spanish translation of "goat sucker", because of its habit of attacking and drinking the blood of livestock, including goats. The legend was started in 1987 when there was a huge, gruesome massacre of livestock all over. All the animals had two puncture wounds on their neck in which the blood had been drained.

Hydra (animal)

Hydra are simple invertebrates, with two layers of body cells. They live in fresh water. Their body is radially symmetric. They have a central cavity through which they take in food and expel waste. 

As Cnidaria they have stinging cells on their tentacles. They are hydrozoa, and belong to the same order as other polyps. Most "Hydra" are microscopic in size. Hydras can be found in almost any unpolluted body of water. Hydras reproduce by budding. In budding, the offspring forms as a lump on the parent and eventually becomes big enough to break off and live by itself. They can move if they need to by a kind of slow somersaulting motion. 

Recent research has found they produce an antimicrobial protein "hydramacin", which protects their outer layer from bacterial infection.

Clownfish

The clownfish is a kind of fish. Clownfish habitat usually is a coral reefs. Clownfish live in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean, from north west Australia, to the coast of South East Asia as far north as Japan. Often, they live in a symbiosis with other animals, for instance the sea anemone. They live in anemones which are like plants under the sea. Anemones eat fish by killing them with their tentacles which are poisonous. Scientists believe that clown fish are protected from the poison because they are coated in a type of mucus.

Some kinds of clown fish can grow up and reach 18 centimeters (7.1 inches). Sometimes clownfish only grow 10 centimeters (3.9 inches). They can be orange, yellow or they may look a little red.

Clownfish eat small invertebrates that are dangerous to the anemones. That helps the anemones and the clownfish. This is called mutualism.

Many people like having clownfish in their aquarium because they are some of the easiest salt water fish to keep and care. They became particularly popular after the film "Finding Nemo". There are 28 species of Clownfish. Clownfish are born male but when they grow older some develop into females.

Bruce Lee

Bruce Lee (November 27, 1940 – July 20, 1973) was a Hong Kong American martial artist, martial arts instructor, philosopher, actor, movie director, movie producer, screenwriter, and founder of the Jeet Kune Do martial arts movement.

Lee is famous for making martial arts popular in the United States in the 1970s, when he played in a series of movies. This included the first ever martial arts movie in the United States - called "Enter the Dragon." This was the most successful and famous, which was released after Bruce's death. He died in 1973 during the production of a movie called, "The Game of Death. "The movie was not finished, although some completed section were later released. Almost 20 years later his son, Brandon Lee would also die while making a movie. Lee also taught other people martial arts, including actors Huggo Chairres, Steve McQueen, James Coburn, and basketball player Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He inspired many other actors who are famous for using martial arts in their movies including Jean-Claude Van Damme, Jackie Chan, Jet Li, Tony Jaa, and Chuck Norris. Jackie Chan had a small part in 'Enter The Dragon' and Chuck Norris co-starred in "Way of The Dragon".

Lee starred in five movies, including "The Big Boss", "Fist of Fury" (also known as "The Chinese Connection" and "The Iron Hand"), "The Way of the Dragon" (also known as "Return of the Dragon"), "Enter the Dragon" and "The Game of Death".

He is noted for his major contributions to both the Hong Kong and American movie industry during the 1970s, his martial arts movement and innovative ideas (including Jeet Kune Do), his philosophy, and his physical fitness ability. He is considered to be a cultural icon and is considered to be one of the most influential martial artists ever by social critics and other martial artists alike.

On the night of July 20, 1973, Lee aged 32, died at his home from cerebral edema, which is a buildup of fluid around the brain. This is believed to have been caused by a reaction to painkillers he was taking for a back injury.


George Martin

He died in his sleep at his home in Wiltshire on the night of 8 March 2016 at the age of 90. His cause of death is not known.

Martin grew up playing piano with only a few music lessons. He began to compose music in his teens. Martin played with his own band called the Four Tune-Tellers. He dreamed of one day making soundtrack music for movies.

After serving in the Royal Air Force during World War II, Martin went to music school. After he graduated, he worked for the BBC in London. He began working for EMI in 1950. Martin became an assistant at Parlophone Records, a small record label. Parlophone mostly recorded classical music and original cast recordings of popular stage shows and plays.

Martin later became the chief of Parlophone Records. He was also its staff producer. Martin was in charge of recording sessions and chose songs for Parlophone artists to record. He made comedy records (often working with Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan) along with his usual jobs, to help promote the label. When rock and roll became popular in the mid-1950s, Martin began looking for rock groups or artists to join Parlophone. He recorded several such artists, but none of their records became big hits.

In 1962, Beatles manager Brian Epstein brought Martin a demo (demonstration record) of his band. Epstein had been trying for months to get the band a recording contract. Martin liked what he heard. He saw that the young band were willing to try different things, and gave them an audition (a studio tryout). All the Beatles passed their audition, except for their drummer, Pete Best. Martin was not happy with the skills Best showed. He wanted to replace Best on their recordings. When the band found out, they fired Best, replacing him with Ringo Starr. Starr had played with them before when Best could not be with them to play. Martin used a studio drummer on their first single, "Love Me Do". He did this because there was no time to audition Starr before the record had to be made, but he never did so again.

With Starr as their drummer, and Martin as their producer (who sometimes joined them in playing, to give the records a bigger sound), the Beatles became the most popular act in the history of show business. While Beatles John Lennon and Paul McCartney wrote most of the band's songs, they were musically untrained, as Martin had been earlier. Martin helped develop their musical ideas. He helped the band learn to talk to other musicians about the sounds they wanted to make, and added a classical touch to many of their songs. His work with them made Martin famous. He was able to leave EMI to become a "producer for hire". He started his own company, called Associated Independent Recording (AIR), with some other producers.

When the Beatles began to break up in 1969, Martin felt the tension between the band's members. He was sometimes criticized for not being able to "fix things", or solve their problems. He began turning down sessions with the band. He let the recording engineer or the members themselves do his job. Martin returned to help make their last album (titled "Abbey Road" after the location of the studio), after all the Beatles promised to work with him "like the old days", and let Martin take charge of the sessions once more.

Paul McCartney, the most "conventional" (normal) Beatle, worked with Martin several times after the Beatles ended in 1970. John Lennon counted on Martin to turn his sometimes "way-out" ideas into finished records, but he did not always like the way Martin worked, and mostly produced his own solo recordings. George Harrison, the youngest Beatle, found many of his songs and ideas rejected by Martin. Martin later said "I was always rather beastly to George," in trying to make more hit records. Harrison also produced (or co-produced) most of his own solo work. He even built his own recording studio after years of making records at Abbey Road. Martin praised Ringo Starr's "super-steady beat", and the sound his drums gave the Beatles records, but each later worked with other people.

Even years after they broke up, Martin still worked with and for the Beatles and the music they had made together. He remixed many of their recordings for re-issues and compilation records. He made several records of his own with classical and orchestral versions of Beatles tunes, and was the music producer for "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", a fantasy movie based on their songs, which starred the Bee Gees and Peter Frampton.

Besides the Beatles, Martin worked with other recording artists, including Shirley Bassey, Bernard Cribbins, America, Kenny Rogers, the trio EL&P, Dudley Moore, and Little River Band. He wrote a book, "All You Need is Ears", that told his life story and explained how many of his most famous recordings were made. During the 1990s, Martin was made a knight by the British government, for his work and his role in popular music.

Martin retired in 1999, and released an album titled "In My Life", which featured many different artists performing Beatles songs. The album included non-musicians like comedian Jim Carrey.

Martin died in his sleep on the night of 8 March 2016 at his house. He was aged 90. His death was announced by Ringo Starr on his Twitter account.The cause of Martin’s death has not been released.


Brian Epstein

Brian Samuel Epstein (; 19 September 1934 – 27 August 1967) was an English businessman. Epstein was the manager of The Beatles, who became the most popular rock band in the world during the 1960s.

Epstein started out to become an actor, and went to school at RADA (the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art) with future movie stars Peter O'Toole and Susannah York. He was not happy at school, though, and quit to work in his family's furniture stores in Liverpool. He was a skillful salesman, and loved classical music. When his family opened a record department in one of their stores, Epstein was put in charge. The department was so successful that the family decided to open a whole store to sell music and records. This was named NEMS, for North End Music Stores, and Epstein became its boss. This store was also a big success.

Popular music, rock and roll especially, sold better than classical music, and Epstein wanted to sell what the public would buy most. He began to stock rock and roll records, and record buyers around England liked Epstein and his store. Some of his customers were members of bands, looking for new music to play or to pass the time, and came often to the store. Among those bands were the early Beatles.

Epstein was Jewish and homosexual.

Late in 1961, when a fan asked Epstein about a record the Beatles had made in Germany, Epstein was unable to find it through his sources. When he learned the band were playing at the Cavern Club not far away, Epstein visited them there, and was impressed by their act. He found out what he needed to know to get the record, so NEMS could sell copies. Epstein also discovered that the band had no manager, but they wanted one, and their main goal was to get a recording contract in England. Epstein became their manager.

Epstein used his sales ability to get the band more and better jobs playing music. He also used his position (as manager of one of the leading music stores in northern England) to make contact with different record labels, hoping to get the Beatles signed up. An audition with Decca Records on New Year's Day 1962 sounded hopeful, but Decca decided to turn the band down, as did most of the labels Epstein approached.

Decca gave Epstein a copy of the band's demo (demonstration) tape, which he used to promote them, but could not find anyone interested. He thought an actual record might work better than the tape, so he went to have a test record made. The recording engineer who made the record told Epstein about George Martin, who worked for EMI's Parlophone Records and had been looking for a rock band to record. Martin liked what he heard well enough to offer the band another audition.

The Beatles passed their EMI audition as a group, and signed a contract with Parlophone. Drummer Pete Best did not meet Martin's standards, though, and Martin planned to use a studio drummer instead on their records. When the band found out, they asked Epstein to fire Best, and they replaced him with Ringo Starr, who quit another band to join them.

Over the next year (1963), The Beatles became the most popular recording act in Britain and Europe, and then in America during 1964. Following their success, Epstein signed up other bands and singers, including Gerry and the Pacemakers, Cilla Black, Billy J. Kramer and the Remo Four. Each found success and hit records, but none became as popular as the Beatles. Epstein started a management company, NEMS Enterprises (named after the music store), who later signed up the Bee Gees, Jimi Hendrix, and Cream.

Like many pop stars, Epstein also had fans, and gave away signed photographs of himself. He published an autobiography (his life story) in 1964, with help from Derek Taylor, who was the Beatles's press agent. Epstein was still interested in theater, and he bought the Saville Theatre in London, which presented plays and rock concerts.

As time went on, Epstein felt more and more stress in his working and personal lives, and turned to sleeping pills, to help him cope. During 1967, he became afraid that the Beatles would not stay with him when their management contract expired (ended) that year, and his insomnia increased. One weekend while the band was away in Wales, Epstein overdosed on sleeping pills, and died in his sleep.

An autopsy concluded that Epstein did not commit suicide, but accidentally took too many sleeping pills over a long period of time, without giving the pills a chance to clear out of his body. The Beatles and all the artists he managed mourned his death. It was said later that losing him was the beginning of the Beatles breakup, which happened in 1970.

Jurong

Jurong (裕廊) is a town in the western side of Singapore. It used to be a swamp until the 1960s, when Goh Keng Swee, a minister, together with the United Nations, cleared the swamps, making Jurong an industrial estate (a place where industries are built to make goods). Jurong is divided in Jurong East, where houses and shops are built and Jurong West, mainly an industrial estate. Jurong East is under the Jurong Group Representation Constituency or Jurong GRC, while Jurong West is under the West Coast Group Representation Constituency. Jurong is connected to Johor Bahru by the Second-Link at Tuas. Jurong has the Jurong Bird Park and Chinese Gardens.

Plastic Ono Band

The Plastic Ono Band was a rock and roll band formed by Yoko Ono with husband (and former Beatle) John Lennon. They were active from 1969 until 1974.

Lennon and Ono recorded their first single together, titled "Give Peace A Chance", in a Montreal hotel with a roomful of guests, including Tommy Smothers, Allen Ginsberg, Norman Mailer, Timothy Leary, and the local Hare Krishna chapter. The pair were in an auto accident before the single was to debut (be played in public for the first time), and they had to stay in the hospital. Not wanting to cancel the debut, they sent the first version of their "new band" – a set of plastic cases that held the sound equipment – which played in their place. It was a strange kind of debut for a new band, but the song (a protest against the Vietnam War) became a minor hit that year, in England and in the United States.

The second version of the Plastic Ono Band included Ono and Lennon in person, along with musicians Eric Clapton, Klaus Voormann and Alan White. They performed together at a rock concert in Toronto in September 1969, and it was the first time Lennon had played in public with a band other than the Beatles. The show went well, and helped Lennon decide to leave the Beatles, which he had thought about doing for some time. A second single, "Cold Turkey", was recorded with this lineup.

After the Beatles ended, Lennon decided he did not want to have another permanent band, and he and Ono used the Plastic Ono Band name to refer to any musicians who appeared on the records they made together. Even listeners were called a part of the band, especially when the band gave a concert. An advertisement for one of their records included a page from a telephone book, and the words "YOU are the Plastic Ono Band".

Ono and Lennon separated for a time during 1973 and 1974. Lennon still used forms of the band name on the two albums he released during their separation, while Ono's records of the time appeared under her name alone. When they got back together in 1975, Ono became pregnant, and both decided to retire from music to be parents. Their son Sean Lennon was born on October 9, 1975, which was Lennon's 35th birthday.

In 1980, Lennon and Ono decided to restart their music careers, but this time their records appeared under their own names, and the Plastic Ono Band name was retired.

Olsztyn

Olsztyn is a city in northeast Poland, on the Łyna river. Olsztyn is the biggest city and the capital of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.

The town is near a lake region of forests and plains. There are 13 lakes in the town and many more surrounding it: (Krzywe, Długie, Żbik, Redykajny and others).

Olsztyn is twinned with:


Lee Iacocca

Lido Anthony "Lee" Iacocca ( ; October 15, 1924 – July 2, 2019) was an American automobile executive and writer. He was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Iacocca created the Ford Pinto in 1971 and the Ford Mustang in 1964. He was best known for his time as chairman of the Chrysler Corporation from 1979 until his retirement in 1992. From 1970 to 1978, he was President of the Ford Motor Company.

Iacocca studied at Lehigh University and at Princeton University.

Governor Robert P. Casey wanted to make Iacocca a United States Senator after John Heinz's death, but Iacocca declined. Iacocca was an Independent who supported the presidential bids of George W. Bush, John Kerry, Bill Richardson and Mitt Romney. He considered running for President in 1988, but declined.

"Portfolio" named Iacocca the 18th-greatest American CEO of all time.

In 1984, he released his autobiography. In 2007, Iacocca released "Where Have All the Leaders Gone?", a "New York Times" bestseller.

Iacocca died on July 2, 2019 at his home in Bel Air, Los Angeles, California at the age of 94. The cause was problems from Parkinson's disease.


Standard

A standard is a basis for comparison. Standards are made either by many people that agree on something, or if some organisation makes it so. There are many different standards in many fields of daily life. Standards are important so that correct comparisons can be produced.

Other standards make things work together. For example, rail cars with a standard gauge can run on tracks that follow the same standard. Communication protocols such as Morse code and USB are standards that allow different machines and people to communicate.

The International System of Units is a standard that is agreed on by most countries. In it there is metre (or meter). It measures length. A rod (made from a special material) is in Paris. The length of the rod said, years ago, how long a meter is. When people wanted to measure something, they compared it to the length of the rod. For practical purposes, the length of the rod was divided by 10 (to get dezimeter), by 10 (to get centimeter), and so on.

The iridium rod as it is called is the original measure of meter. Now new ways of measuring the meter have been utilized such as the measuring the wavelength of radiation from a certain chemical element to determine an exact meter.

A standard in music is a song that remains very popular, and is performed and recorded by many different artists. Such songs include "Sentimental Journey" written by Les Brown and Ben Homer, "Yesterday" and "Something" by members of The Beatles. Many of Hank Williams's songs have become standards in country music.


Ginkgo

The ginkgo tree is a genus of trees. There is only one living species, "Ginkgo biloba". All the other known species are fossils. "Ginkgo biloba" is native to China. It is the National tree of China.

Mean

In mathematics and statistics, the mean is a kind of average. Besides the mean, there are other kinds of average, and there are also a few kinds of mean. 

The most common mean is the arithmetic mean, which is calculated by adding all of the values together, then dividing by the number of values.

For example, if 1, 2, 2, 100, 100 is a set of numbers or scores. If we add all the numbers, the answer is 205. By dividing this number by the number of numbers (5), we find that the mean is 41. The difficulty with this particular set of numbers is that no one in this group scored anything like a 41, and it does not tell us much about what kind of scores these numbers represent. 

In general, to find the average of formula_1 numbers, the formula_1 numbers are added and the total is divided by formula_1.

In symbols, if the numbers are formula_4, formula_5, formula_6, ... formula_7, the total is:

The total is divided by formula_1 to make the average:
If formula_4, formula_5, formula_6, ..., formula_7 are all the numbers in a sample formula_15, then this average is also called the sample mean of formula_15, and represented by the symbol formula_17.


The idea behind the mean is to represent a number of measurements, or values, by one value only. But there are different ways to calculate such a representing value. 







If people do many different measurements, they will get many different results. Those results have a certain distribution, and they can also be centered around an "average" value. This average value is what mathematicians call arithmetic mean.

Mean can also stand for expected value. For a random variable formula_15, this is represented by the symbol formula_22.


Detergent

A detergent is a chemical that people use in washing things. Many people use washing powder, which is a type of detergent, when they need to clean their clothes. It is also used to clean glasses and other items. Detergent is mostly used in washing machines, to clean dirty clothes. People usually use liquid detergent to wash clothes, but powdered detergent is usable too.

Detergents clean clothes using a similar method to soap. For liquid detergents, the molecules in detergent are inserted in water beforehand (that's why its liquid) so it doesn't clog the washer like powdered detergent. The molecules in both powdered and liquid detergent have one side that attracts to dirt, grime, oil, and other undesirable things on clothes. The other side attracts to water. When detergent is thoroughly mixed in with clothes, it detaches the dirt and grime and makes it soluble in water. The used detergent is then rinsed out, normally piped into a sewer or septic tank. The washer then usually spins, to increase the g-force inside and effectively squeeze out the water. Afterwards, the wet (but clean) clothes are loaded into a dryer or hung out to air dry. When powdered detergent is used, the detergent is placed in water and mixed in with clothes very quickly, so there may be powder still on clothes because the detergent didn't have time to mix in with the water.



1329

1329 was a common year.



Klaus Voormann

Klaus Voormann (born April 29, 1938) is a German artist and musician. He was born and raised in Berlin. He was a friend of The Beatles. He met them when they played in Hamburg, where he was going to art school. 

Voormann designed the cover of their "Revolver" album, and later did cover art for "The Beatles Anthology" and some of George Harrison's solo records. He also played bass guitar with Manfred Mann, and on records by John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, and their friend Harry Nilsson.

He also became a record producer, and produced the band Trio, whose biggest hit was "Da Da Da", which was used later in a Volkswagen television commercial.

Alan White

Alan White has been the name of several people, including:


Alan White (Yes drummer)

Alan White (14 June 1949 – 26 May 2022) was an English musician, best known as the drummer from the band Yes. He also played on records by former Beatles John Lennon and George Harrison.

White was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Yes in 2017.

White died on 26 May 2022 at his home in Newcastle, Washington from a short-illness, aged 72.

Solo:

With White:

With Yes: "See infobox below"

With The Alan Price Set:

With John Lennon and The Plastic Ono Band:

Guest appearances/sessions:

and work with Rick Wakeman, Steve Howe, Billy Sherwood, Esquire and The Syn

Stock market

A stock market is an institution where people and computers buy and sell shares of companies. 

Shares are small pieces of a company. Shares can be bought by humans, companies, and mutual funds. When buying shares in a company, the buyer owns a small part of that company. The price of a share can be based on many different things. The main thing that affects the price is the balance between supply and demand. If many buyers want to buy a stock the price goes up. If there are more sellers than buyers, the price goes down.

Some buyers trade shares in stocks through a stockbroker. A stockbroker is a person who buys or sells stocks for their customers. A stockbroker can also help customers make choices in stocks. Their advice is based on public information about the companies.

The interplay of buyers and sellers drives the operation of the stock market. Orders to purchase or sell shares can be placed through brokers or internet trading platforms. These orders are matched on stock exchanges, where supply and demand dynamics determine the price. The stock market works on the supply and demand concept, with prices moving based on a variety of factors such as corporate performance, economic conditions, and investor mood.


Trading stocks online has become more popular. Stocks can be traded online. There is a fee or commission each time a position is opened.

Allen Ginsberg

Irwin Allen Ginsberg (June 3, 1926 – April 5, 1997) was an American poet and author. He was part of the Beat Generation movement of poets in the 1950s. He was a friend of writers Jack Kerouac and William S. Burroughs, and later made friends with musicians Bob Dylan, Donovan, John Lennon and Yoko Ono, and many other celebrities.

Ginsberg's most famous work was called "Howl." It was a long poem about the social conditions of the United States in the 1950s. It began with the words "I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness." It went on to describe the frustration felt by many Americans, young people and minorities in particular. There were problems in the country, such as prejudice and intolerance, that needed to be spoken about. Ginsberg published the poem, and also performed it at public poetry readings.

A few people did not like "Howl", or the graphic language Ginsberg used. They tried to have "Howl" banned, and they wanted Ginsberg to be prosecuted (given a court trial, then either fined or put in jail). Ginsberg went to trial, and the judge decided "Howl" was an important work, and told the truth about America at the time. The judge rejected the ban and cleared Ginsberg, who could then continue to publish and perform the poem.

Ginsberg became involved in social causes through his work, and through the famous people he met. He grew up in the Jewish faith, but later became a Buddhist. He was a homosexual, and his longtime partner was another poet, Peter Orlovsky. He also had a long relationship with Neal Cassady, who appeared as "N.C., secret hero of these poems" in "Howl".

Ginsberg died in 1997 of liver cancer.

Northwestern University

Northwestern University is a university in Evanston, Illinois, and Chicago, Illinois. It is very prestigious and selective. It has many people who learn and also people who teach.

The university is known most for providing a strong education in economics (the study of the economy), linguistics (the study of language), political science (the study of politics), and mathematics (the study of numbers). There is also a Medical school named Feinberg School of Medicine.

Door god

A door god is a painting pasted on a door. These were used by the Chinese as good luck. Door gods can be seen on temples - places of religion - and other buildings. There is a belief that door gods stop evil spirits from going into the building.

Door gods are often in pairs, one for each side of the door. The first door gods may have been made for a Chinese Emperor, more than 1300 years ago. They showed his two best soldiers.

Jack Kerouac

Jean-Louis Lebris de Kerouac (March 12, 1922 – October 21, 1969), better known as Jack Kerouac, was an American author and poet. He was part of the Beat Generation movement of writers and artists of the 1950s and 1960s, and gave the movement its name. His most famous work was a long novel titled "On the Road", which was published in 1957.

Kerouac was a friend of writers Allen Ginsberg, William S. Burroughs, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, and Gregory Corso, among many others. Nearly all of Kerouac's writings were directly based on his own life, but he mostly changed names and details, to protect everyone's privacy. The man he wrote about most was his friend Neal Cassady, who was called "Dean Moriarty" in "On the Road". Kerouac influenced many other writers and poets who came along later, and also many musicians of the 1960s, through his works. He also changed the way Americans saw themselves, and their country.

Kerouac was born in Lowell, Massachusetts to French Canadian parents (named Leo and Gabrielle), and was the youngest of three children. He spoke only French until he started school. His family was Roman Catholic. His father was a printer, and Kerouac became interested in printed works. He liked to make his own handwritten newspapers and books. He enjoyed reading, and imitated the styles of writers he liked, such as Thomas Wolfe. He became an expert typist, and could type faster than 100 words per minute.

Kerouac was a good athlete, and earned a football scholarship to Columbia University. An injury during a practice game ended his football career. He dropped out of Columbia, and devoted himself to writing stories and plays. He met Allen Ginsberg at college. Their circle of friends included many future writers and artists, like William S. Burroughs, and Herbert Huncke.

During World War II, Kerouac served in the Merchant Marine, which made him a veteran of the American military. He kept journals of his experiences, and he used them later to write other works. He was honorably discharged from military service in 1943 when he was diagnosed with schizoid personality disorder. He was able to get veteran's benefits later, such as medical help when he was sick with , and grant money to pay his bills while he wrote. Kerouac was proud to be an American, and always said good things about his country.

Kerouac's father died of stomach cancer in 1946. He made Kerouac promise to always work to support his mother. He tried to talk Kerouac out of becoming a writer, because he knew it was hard to succeed in such a career. Kerouac had a hard time staying with any other kind of work, though. He would become impatient or restless, or a disagreement with someone at work would turn into trouble. Kerouac did his best to earn enough money to pay for both his and his mother's living, but his mother also had to work. She was a nurse. She worked in a factory when there were no nursing jobs.

Kerouac published a few and reviews in New York magazines and newspapers in the 1940s. He worked briefly for his hometown newspaper, "The Lowell Sun". His first novel, "The Town and the City", was published in 1950. For his second novel, Kerouac wanted to write a book about road trips and hitchhiking. Hitchhiking was safer to do in the 1940s, in America, than it is today. Kerouac stopped and restarted writing this book several times. Kerouac did not want to just tell an ordinary story. He wanted to give an idea of how the people he met thought things through, and expressed this to each other, along with telling what they did and said. He also knew he needed more experiences, to tell a better story.

Many experiences came through Kerouac's friendship with Neal Cassady. Cassady was a handsome, bright young with a teenaged wife, named Luanne Henderson. Cassady and Luanne had a hard relationship, and broke up and got back together many times. He later married another woman named Carolyn Robinson, who was older than Luanne and understood him better, but Carolyn and Cassady also had troubles. Kerouac was briefly married, to girlfriend Edie Parker. They did not stay together long, and were soon divorced. Cassady taught Kerouac, who never had a , how to drive, while Kerouac taught Cassady about writing.
Neal Cassady traveled back and forth across the country, usually driving cars like Hudsons at high speed. he looked for jobs, fresh experiences, and new friends. Kerouac began to travel with him. They lived in and visited cities such as Denver, San Francisco, Monterey, and even Mexico City. They also looked sometimes for Cassady's father, who disappeared years earlier. Kerouac got sick in Mexico City, and Cassady left him behind at the hospital. Kerouac had to make his own way home. He took this very hard, and was angry with Cassady. He forgave him later, when they met again, and he made Cassady the central character of his new book. One job Kerouac could fall back on, thanks to Cassady, was as a railroad brakeman.
Many people in the 1940s and 1950s used drugs such as benzedrine, to help them stay alert. Jazz music was also popular, and some jazz musicians and listeners smoked marijuana. Kerouac was influenced by both drugs, and they changed the way he wrote. He began to write what he called " prose", jotting down words in much the same way a musician a solo in a song. (Kerouac played no musical instruments, but could well, and had many of the same instincts as a musician.) His new writing style was strange to many people, and even seen as bad by some older authors and critics. It was six years before Kerouac published his second novel.

The version of "On the Road" that finally satisfied Kerouac was written over three weeks in 1951. It was typed on a single roll of teletype paper. Kerouac liked to type on rolls of paper, because he did not have to stop to change pages. He had just gotten married for the second time, to Joan Haverty. The manuscript was Kerouac's way to explain his friendship with Neal Cassady to his new wife. The explanation made a fine rough draft for a novel, but it did not help his marriage. Joan felt that Kerouac's nonstop work on the manuscript was an , and she did not want to stay married to him after it was finished. They were soon divorced, as he was with his first wife.

The editor who worked on "The Town and the City" found the long, scroll-like manuscript hard to understand, and even harder to work with. Kerouac's publisher rejected the novel, as did every other publisher he went to. Nor was anyone interested in "The Subterraneans", a shorter novel he wrote in three nights, about his romance with an African-American woman. Such a relationship was taboo in America during the 1950s. Kerouac continued to write, from short stories and essays to long novels, and even poetry. He tried many different subjects, but had almost nothing published. He also worked different jobs, including brakeman and .

It turned out that Joan Haverty was pregnant by Kerouac, and she gave birth to a daughter, Jan-Michelle. Kerouac denied he was the father at first, but a blood test later proved it was likely. She also grew to look like him, and he accepted her as his child. Joan sued Kerouac for child support, but he was ill and could not work at the time, and she collected almost no money. Kerouac only saw Jan a few times, but talked to her more often by telephone. Joan mostly kept them apart.

Allen Ginsberg became well known during the 1950s for his writings, in particular a poem called "Howl", whose title came from Kerouac's of it. Ginsberg mentioned his friends in some of his works, including Kerouac, and wanted the people who liked him to give them and their writings a chance. Finally Viking Press agreed to publish "On the Road", after many changes to the manuscript. The novel became a bestseller, and Kerouac was a celebrity after years of little success. Magazines began to request articles and essays from him. He appeared on many television programs, including "The Steve Allen Show". Steve Allen liked him, and they recorded an album together, with Kerouac reading aloud and Allen playing piano. He recorded another album later, with jazz musicians Al Cohn and Zoot Sims.

Kerouac wrote and published more novels, including "The Dharma Bums", "Doctor Sax", "Maggie Cassidy", "Visions of Gerard" (a of his older brother, who died in childhood), "Big Sur" (about the stresses brought on by fame, and how the people he knew saw him differently), "Desolation Angels", and "Book of Dreams" (a ). He studied Buddhism, and this also influenced his writing. He wrote "Some of the Dharma" as an introduction to Buddhism, though he remained a Catholic.

As Kerouac, Ginsberg, and their friends became famous, a trend among the group of writers and artists was noticed, and was written about in the mainstream media. Kerouac was asked to describe his generation. He explained that the pressures of 20th century living had 'beaten' normal ways of thinking and working out of them, and they preferred the beat of bebop and jazz to most other music, "so I guess you could say we're a "beat generation"."

"Beat Generation" became the name for the new sense of style coming from artists and writers in New York and San Francisco. Kerouac's circle of friends and acquaintances (and their imitators) were called the Beats, with Kerouac himself called "King of the Beats" by the media. (The term was later parodied as "", implying such people were Communists, and would hurt the country.) Kerouac narrated a movie, called "Pull My Daisy", about the Beat phenomenon.

An ongoing problem Kerouac had with fame was that people thought he did all the things he wrote about. Much of what he described (like Neal Cassady's lawless nature, , and drug use) was only what he saw in other people. Not everyone who read Kerouac's stories understood this. Some people wanted to blame him for doing bad things, or getting others to do them. Other people wanted to do those kinds of things with Kerouac. Shy by nature, Kerouac pulled away. He became almost a in the house he bought for his mother. He also began to abuse alcohol.

During the 1960s, American society went through many changes, in part because of the influence of the Beats. Many young people read "On the Road", and saw things they related to, and it made them want to experience more in their own lives. Other writers liked the looseness of Kerouac's style, and it made them think more about their own writing, how to study life, and how to better express themselves. Many musicians were affected by Kerouac's books, including Bob Dylan, Donovan, and The Doors.

Kerouac was more disappointed than happy to be famous. Even though he liked some of what he inspired, he felt that the public largely got the wrong message from his books. He saw many people take what the Beats wrote as a kind of permission to get into trouble, or abandon (give up) people and things they cared about. He felt for the , but disagreed with them on the Vietnam War, the role of government, and . He also lost some of his old friends, when their views differed.

Kerouac still abused alcohol and other drugs, and it harmed his health. He became bloated and irritable, and looked drunk on his last television appearance, on William F. Buckley's "Firing Line" in 1968. He married for the third time, to Stella Sampas, the sister of a boyhood friend. Stella looked after Kerouac and his mother, kept the public and others away, and tried to get him to stop drinking alcohol.

His daughter Jan-Michelle also began to write during her teen years. He gave her his , and told her "You can use my (last) name." She wrote under the name Jan Kerouac, and published novels and stories herself, from the 1970s to the 1990s. Kerouac's mother became sick, and he sometimes worked at her bedside on stories. She helped him work out the ending of "Pic", his novel about a young African-American.
Kerouac wrote and reworked new material until the last day of his life. He died in St. Petersburg, Florida during emergency surgery, to try to repair a caused by cirrhosis, due to his alcohol abuse. He was buried in his hometown, and was hardly remembered there at first. Even though he was world famous, Kerouac earned very little money as a writer. He died with only a few hundred dollars in the bank. It was years before his grave received a headstone.

Neal Cassady died more than a year before, of exposure, alongside a railroad track in Mexico. He set out to become a writer or musician, but he never got far with either. He only published one book, "The First Third", which was about his youth. Cassady earned most of his money from labor, and was often out of work and owed money. He spent a long time in jail after he was arrested for selling marijuana. Sometimes the fact that Cassady was well known through Kerouac kept him from having the life he wanted. Cassady had a family with Carolyn, but she had to both work, and raise the children when her husband was away. Carolyn later wrote a memoir.

Kerouac's works, especially "On the Road", are now more popular than ever. Generations have discovered his works, as a means of learning about life and attitudes in America during his lifetime, as a way to measure their own sense of experience, or as examples of and in .
Less than half of Kerouac's writings were published during his lifetime, but nearly all are now available. The ones published later drew hundreds of times more money than his most famous works, when they first appeared. His hometown Lowell remembers Kerouac today with a , and cultural events every year. His grave now has a headstone, which reads "He honored life". A street in Lowell was renamed "Jack Kerouac Alley" in his memory.

"The Subterraneans" was made into a movie by MGM in 1960, but the was almost completely different from the book. "On the Road" was considered many times to be made into a movie, once with actor Marlon Brando as Dean Moriarty and another time with Sean Penn, but this never got farther than . The movie rights were resold in the 1990s, for more than ten times Kerouac's lifetime earnings, and a movie of "On the Road" appeared in 2012, starring Sam Riley and Garrett Hedlund as Kerouac and Cassidy, with Kristen Stewart and Kirsten Dunst as LuAnne Henderson and Carolyn Cassady.

A movie, "Heart Beat", was made in 1980, about the relationship between Carolyn Robinson, Neal Cassady and Jack Kerouac. It starred Sissy Spacek, Nick Nolte, and John Heard.

Kerouac appears as "Hank" in William S. Burroughs's novel "Naked Lunch", and was played by Nicholas Campbell in the 1991 movie version.

He was also the subject of a song by 10,000 Maniacs, "Hey Jack Kerouac".

He and Neal Cassady are the subject of a song by Tom Waits, "Jack & Neal/California Here I Come". Waits also covered a song written by Kerouac, titled "On the Road", on his' album "Orphans".



Himno Istmeño

"Himno Istmeño" ("Ismithian Hymn") is the anthem of Panama. It was written by Santos Jorge.

Jack Neo

Jack Neo (born Neo Chee Keong on 24 January 1956) is a Singaporean movie director at MediaCorp, a Singapore media company. He directed "I Not Stupid", "Money No Enough", "Ah Boys to Men" and "Ah Boys to Men 2", all of which were very popular. Neo was once a comedian.

Neo received the Best Director Award at the Silver Screen Awards in 1998. He was also awarded with the Lifetime Achievement Award in the following year for his contributions to Singapore's media industry. In 2004, Neo became the first moviemaker in Singapore to be honoured with the Public Service Award. He also received the Cultural Medallion on 21 October 2005 together with musician Dick Lee.

In 2008, Neo and Mark Lee bought the Singapore master franchise rights for Old Town White Coffee. It is a coffee retail store from Ipoh, Malaysia. Their first store at Big Splash opened on 30 March in 2008.

Neo married Irene Kng in 1988 and they have four children. It is his second marriage. He is a Christian and worships at City Harvest Church.

In March 2010, it was revealed Neo had an affair with model Wendy Chong. Later it was reported that Neo tried to have relations with up to 11 women.

Fyodor Dostoyevsky

Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky (11 November 1821 – 9 February 1881) was a Russian novelist. His most popular novels are "Crime and Punishment", "The Idiot" and "The Brothers Karamazov". He is regarded as one of the greatest authors of all time.

In his 20s he joined a group of radicals in St Petersburg. They were into French socialist ideas. A police agent reported the group to the authorities. On 22 April 1849, Dostoyevsky was arrested and imprisoned with the other members. After months of questioning and investigation they were tried. They were found guilty of planning to distribute subversive propaganda and condemned to death by firing squad.

The punishment was changed to a sentence of exile and hard labour, but not before they were forced to go through a mock execution. In 1859 a new tsar allowed Dostoyevsky to end his Siberian exile. A year later he was back in St Petersburg. The experience had cost him ten years of his life. It is the root of all his writing.

Raised in an educated and religious family, Dostoyevsky's beliefs changed through his life. In prison, he focused intensely on the figure of Christ and on the New Testament, the only book allowed in prison. In a letter to the woman who had sent him the "New Testament", Dostoyevsky wrote that he was a "child of unbelief and doubt up to this moment, and I am certain that I shall remain so to the grave". He also wrote that "even if someone were to prove to me that the truth lay outside Christ, I should choose to remain with Christ rather than with the truth".

From an analysis of religious ideas in "Crime and Punishment", "The Idiot", "The Demons" ("The Possessed"), and "The Brothers Karamazov", James Townsend thinks Dostoyevsky held orthodox Christian beliefs except for his view of salvation from sin. According to Townsend, "Dostoevsky almost seemed to embrace an in-this-life purgatory", in which people suffer to pay for their sins, rather than the Christian doctrine of salvation through Christ. Malcolm Jones sees elements of Islam and Buddhism in Dostoyevsky's religious convictions. Colin Wilson in "The Outsider" describes him as a "tormented half-atheist-half-Christian".

Many scholars see Dostoyevsky as one of the greatest psychologists in literature. His works have had a big effect on twentieth-century fiction. Very often, he wrote about characters who live in poor conditions. Those characters are sometimes in extreme states of mind. They might show both a strange grasp of human psychology as well as good analyses of the political, social and spiritual states of Russia of Dostoevsky's time. Many of his best-known works are prophetic. He is sometimes considered to be a founder of existentialism, most frequently for "Notes from Underground", which has been described as "the best overture for existentialism ever written". He is also famous for writing "The Brothers Karamazov", which many critics, such as Sigmund Freud, have said was one of the best novels ever written.

His attack on nihilism is in his great novel "Demons", or "The Possessed". Published in 1872, it is a "dark comedy, cruelly funny in its depiction of high-minded intellectuals toying with revolutionary notions without understanding anything of what revolution means in practice".

The plot is a version of actual events at the time. A former teacher of divinity turned terrorist, Sergei Nechaev, had written a pamphlet, "The Catechism of a Revolutionary", which argued that any means (including blackmail and murder) could be used to advance the cause of revolution. Nechaev planned to kill a student who questioned his ideas.

One of the characters in "Demons" confesses: "I got entangled in my own data, and my conclusion contradicts the original idea from which I start. From unlimited freedom, I conclude with unlimited despotism". This suggests that the result of abandoning morality for the sake of an idea will be tyranny more extreme than any in the past.

English versions of titles come after the Russian title.

The last five stories (1873-1877) are included in "A Writer's Diary".



Julia Grant

Julia Boggs Dent Grant (January 26, 1826 – December 14, 1902), was the wife of the 18th President of the United States, Ulysses S. Grant, and was First Lady of the United States from 1869 to 1877.

She was born at White Haven plantation west of St. Louis, Missouri. She was the daughter of Colonel Frederick Dent, a slaveholding planter and merchant, and Ellen Wrenshall-Dent.

After her schooling, she and Ulysses S. Grant got engaged in 1844. At that time, Ulysses S. Grant was a Lieutenant in the US Army. In the meanwhile, Mexican War began. Ulysses went to war. He returned from the war after many years. They married in 1848.

The Grants had three sons and a daughter:

She entered the White House in 1869 to begin, in her words, "the happiest period" of her life. With Cabinet wives as her allies, she entertained extensively and lavishly. The social highlight of the Grant years was the White House wedding of their daughter in 1874. Contemporaries noted her finery, jewels, and silks and laces. After four years of war, an assassination, and an impeachment trial, Washington was ready for a little levity, and Julia obliged. She offered a full array of events and became a popular hostess. She planned lavish state dinners, where guests enjoyed expensive wines and liquors.

As First Lady it was suggested to her that she have an operation to correct her crossed eyes, but President Grant said that he liked her that way.

Upon leaving the White House in 1877, the Grants made a trip around the world. Julia proudly recalled details of hospitality and magnificent gifts they received. A highlight of the trip was an overnight stay and dinner hosted for them by Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle in England. They also enjoyed a swing through the Far East, being cordially received at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo by the Emperor and Empress of Japan.

In 1884 Grant suffered yet another business failure and they lost all they had.

She became the first First Lady to write a memoir, though she was unable to find a publisher, and had been dead almost 75 years before "The Personal Memoirs of Julia Dent Grant (Mrs. Ulysses S. Grant)" was finally published in 1975.

She had attended in 1897 the dedication of Grant's monumental tomb overlooking the Hudson River in New York City. She was laid to rest in a sarcophagus beside her husband. She had ended her own chronicle of their years together with a firm declaration: "the light of his glorious fame still reaches out to me, falls upon me, and warms me."


Jane Pierce

Jane Means Appleton Pierce (March 12, 1806 – December 2, 1863), wife of U.S. President Franklin Pierce, was First Lady of the United States from 1853 to 1857.

Her father’s name was Jesse Appleton. When her father died, her mother moved with her to Amherst, New Hampshire.

How she met Pierce, a young lawyer with political ambitions, is unknown, but her brother-in-law Alpheus S. Packard was one of Pierce's instructors at Bowdoin. Franklin, almost 30, married Jane, 28, on November 19, 1834, at the bride's maternal grandparents' home in Amherst, New Hampshire. The Reverend Silas Aiken, Jane's brother-in-law, conducted the small ceremony. The couple honeymooned six days at the boardinghouse of Sophia Southurt near Washington, D.C.. 
Franklin Pierce was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives by the time they married and became a U.S. Senator in 1837. Jane hated life in Washington, D.C., and encouraged her husband to resign his Senate seat and return to New Hampshire, which he did in 1842. Service in the Mexican-American War brought him the rank of Brigadier General and local fame as a hero. He returned home safely, and for four more years the Pierces lived quietly at Concord, New Hampshire, in the happiest period of their lives, where they watched their son Benjamin "Benny" grow up. 

Lucy Webb Hayes

Lucy Ware Webb Hayes (August 28, 1831 – June 25, 1889) was a First Lady of the United States and the wife of President Rutherford B. Hayes.

Lucy was nicknamed "Lemonade Lucy." She did not serve alcohol in the White House.

She was born in Chillicothe, Ohio. She was the daughter of James Webb, a doctor, and Maria Cook-Webb. Lucy was descended from seven veterans of the American Revolution. Her father died when she was a child. With her mother, she moved to Delaware, Ohio where in 1847 she met Rutherford B. Hayes.

Lucy Hayes studied at Ohio Wesleyan University. She was the first First Lady to graduate from college.

As First Lady, Hayes supported her husband's ban of alcoholic beverages at state functions, excepting only the reception for Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia in 1877, at which wine was served. She also instituted the custom of conducting an Easter egg roll on the White House lawn. A devout Methodist, she joined the president in saying prayers after breakfast and conducting group hymn sings with the cabinet and congressmen on Sunday evenings.

The Hayes had four sons and a daughter to live to their adulthood:


She died of a stroke on June 25, 1889. When she died, people in the United States lowered the flag to half-mast.


Caroline Harrison

Caroline Lavinia Scott Harrison (October 1, 1832 - October 25, 1892) was the wife of Benjamin Harrison. She was the First Lady of the United States from 1889 until her death in 1892. 

Her birthplace was Oxford, Ohio. Her parents were Mary Potts Neal and Dr. John W. Scott. She met the young Ben when he was a student at Miami University. They married on October 20, 1853. They had three children. Their first child was Russell Benjamin (1854-1936). Their second child was Mary Scott (1856-1930). Their third child was a daughter, born in 1861. In the same year, their third child died. 

When her husband became the President of the United States in 1889, they both moved to the White House. Caroline gave stylish parties. She became sick with tuberculosis. She could not participate in social functions after that. She died of tuberculosis on October 25, 1892. 

Helen Herron Taft

Helen Louise Herron "Nellie" Taft (June 2, 1861 – May 22, 1943) was the wife of William Howard Taft and First Lady of the United States from 1909 to 1913.

Her parents were Harriet Collins and John W. Herron. She was their fourth child. She spent her childhood in Cincinnati, Ohio. 

When Herron was 18 years old, she met William Howard Taft. They were married in 1886. William Howard Taft and Helen Herron Taft had three children:

She was a part of her husband’s rise in administration and politics. When her husband became the president, she gave special attention to the social life at the White House. When she suffered from a stroke, her daughter Helen Taft Manning left college for a year to look after the social life at the White House. 

During their stay at the White House, the couple celebrated their silver wedding anniversary in 1911. People celebrate a silver anniversary after 25 years of any occasion. She had also written a book named "Recollections of Full Years". The book tells about her work and life. Her husband died in 1930. She continued to live in Washington D.C. after the death of her husband. She died on May 22, 1943.


Mary McElroy

Mary Arthur McElroy (July 5, 1841 – January 8, 1917) was the sister of the 21st President of the United States, Chester A. Arthur, and served as a hostess for his administration (1881–1885). She assumed the role because Arthur's wife, Ellen Lewis Herndon Arthur, had died only a year and a half earlier.

She was born in Greenwich, New York. Her parents were William and Malvina S. Arthur. Her parents had nine children, Mary being the last. In 1880, her brother Chester Arthur, became the Vice President of the United States. In July 1881, after the assassination of the President, James Garfield, Chester A. Arthur became the president of the United States and he requested his sister to become "First Lady" during his term in office. 

In November 1880, McElroy's brother Chester Arthur was elected vice president. In July 1881, President James Garfield was fatally wounded and died on September 19, 1881. Arthur succeeded him, and asked McElroy to care for his young daughter Ellen and act as "Mistress of the White House." Because she had her own family in Albany, McElroy lived in Washington, D.C. only during the busy winter social season. Although Arthur never officially granted her the protocol of a formal position, she proved to be a popular and competent hostess. The procedures she and her brother developed for the social functions were used by future First Ladies for decades.

McElroy presided over a number of events and honored former First Ladies Julia Gardiner Tyler and Harriet Lane, James Buchanan's niece and social hostess, by asking them to help her receive guests at the White House. McElroy's oldest daughter May and Arthur's daughter Nell often assisted. Her final reception took place on February 28, 1885, one week before the end of the Arthur administration: 3,000 people attended (including Adolphus Greely) and 48 daughters of officials and of the social elite assisted her.

When her brother retired as the President, Mary went to live in Albany, New York.

She died on January 8, 1917 at the age of 75 in Albany, New York.


Frances Folsom Cleveland

Frances Clara Folsom Cleveland Preston (July 21, 1864 – October 29, 1947) was the wife of the President of the United States Grover Cleveland and the 27th First Lady of the United States from 1886 to 1889 and again from 1893 to 1897.

She was born in Buffalo, New York. Her birth name was Frances Clara Folsom. Her parents were Emma C. Harmon and Oscar Folsom. Her father later became a law partner of Grover Cleveland. All of her ancestors were from England. Cleveland was a family friend to Oscar's family. After Oscar’s death, Cleveland looked after the family. He arranged for education of Frances Folsom. She studied at Wells College. Cleveland and Frances Folsom sent letters to each other.

In 1885, Frances Folsom and her mother came to White House to meet Cleveland. Cleveland and Frances Folsom became close to each other, despite being around 27 years younger than Cleveland. On 2 June 1886, they married. This was the first and only couple to wed in the White House. When Frances Folsom became Mrs. Cleveland, she took the role of the First Lady. She gave two receptions every week. She became very popular.

In 1888, Cleveland lost the election. The couple lived in New York City. There their first child Ruth was born. In 1893 Cleveland again became the president. Frances Folsom again became active as the First Lady. In 1893, she gave birth to a second child, Esther. In 1895, she bore a third child, named Marion. By the time Cleveland had retired, Frances Folsom had become a very popular First Lady.

The couple retired to live in Princeton, New Jersey. During this time, they had two sons. She was by her husband’s side when he died in 1908. In 1913, Frances remarried. Her second husband was Thomas J. Preston, Jr., a professor of archeology.

Frances Folsom lived until the age of 83, and had become well known in the Princeton University community.
She died at age 83 in New Jersey. 

Betty Ford

Elizabeth Anne Bloomer Ford (April 8, 1918 – July 8, 2011) was the first lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 as the wife of the 38th president of the United States, Gerald Ford. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 1973 to 1974 when her husband was vice president.

During her husband's presidency, she kept high approval ratings and was considered to be an influential first lady. Ford was noted for raising breast cancer awareness after her mastectomy. She was also a strong and passionate supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment.

As a supporter of abortion rights and a leader in the women's rights movement, she advocated and spoke on issues such as feminism, equal pay, sex, drugs, and abortion. Historians have ranked Ford as one of the best first ladies in American history.

Elizabeth Anne Bloomer was born on April 8, 1918, in Chicago, Illinois. She is the third child and only daughter of Hortense Neahr and William Stephenson Bloomer. After the family lived briefly in Denver, Colorado, she grew up in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where she graduated from Central High School.

When Bloomer was 16, her father died of carbon monoxide poisoning, while working in the family's garage.

At an early age, Bloomer developed a passion for dance. Upon graduation from Central High School in 1936, she attended the Bennington School of Dance, in Vermont for two summers. While studying there she met and began her long association with choreographer Martha Graham.

Bloomer continued her studies with Graham in New York City and later became a member of the Auxiliary Performance Troupe and performing at Carnegie Hall.

She became fashion coordinator for Herpolsheimer’s, a local department store, and continued her interest in dance, forming her own performance group. She also worked with children with disabilities, helping them experience the joy of rhythm and movement in dance.

In August 1947, she was introduced by mutual friends to Gerald Ford, a lawyer and World War II veteran. They married on October 15, 1948, at Grace Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids. They had four children named Michael, Steven Jack and Susan Ford.

While her husband was in Congress, the Fords lived in Alexandria, Virginia. Ford began serving her congressional spouse activities where she supervised the home, did the cooking, undertook volunteer work, and taught Sunday school.

She volunteered for local charitable organizations, including serving as the program director of the Alexandria Cancer Fund Drive. Ford also held active membership in groups such as the 81st Congress Club and National Federation of Republican Women.

Ford became the second lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 40th vice president on December 6, 1973.

As second lady, Ford made her first official solo trip in April 1974, where she spent two-days visiting the states of Georgia and Tennessee to help in publicizing a traveling exhibit of art, visual displays, and six railway cars.

She met on the two-day trip was Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter and his wife Rosalynn. On May 31, 1973, Ford made her first major speech when she gave a commencement address to the graduates of the Westminster Choir College. In addition to the arts, Ford also started projects that helped disabled people during her time as second lady.

In June 1974, Ford attended the funeral of Alberta Williams King, the assassinated mother of the late civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.

Ford became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 38th president on August 9, 1974, after Richard Nixon resigned from office. 

As the new first lady, Ford held her first press conference on September 4, 1974. She answered questions about women in politics, abortion rights, and a proposed Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution. 

As first lady, Ford addressed public issues that were important to her. She was an outspoken advocate of women’s rights, encouraged the appointment of more women to government posts, supported the U.N. International Women’s Year in 1975, and supported passage of the Equal Rights Amendment. Ford was an advocate of the arts. She successfully lobbied her husband to award the Presidential Medal of Freedom to choreographer and dancer Martha Graham in 1976. She received an award from Parsons The New School for Design in recognition of her style.

On the CBS show 60 Minutes, She shared her opinions on issues as abortion rights, pre-marital sex, and marijuana use. She was the most politically outspoken first lady since Eleanor Roosevelt. Active in social policy, Ford broke a record as a politically active presidential spouse.

Ford supported many charities. She assisted in fundraising for the little-known Hospital for Sick Children in Washington, D.C., whose patients were mostly African American.
She also fundraised for No Greater Love, in appreciation of its work benefiting children of Vietnam War and prisoners of war. She served as the honorary president of the National Lupus Foundation, regarding lupus as a disease which impacted women.

Weeks after Ford became first lady, she underwent a mastectomy for breast cancer on September 28, 1974, after having been diagnosed with the disease. Ford decided to be open about her illness because. Her openness about her cancer and treatment raised the visibility of a disease that Americans had previously been reluctant to talk about.

The Fords were observed as one of the affectionate presidential couples in American history. Neither was shy about their love and showed each other equal respect, and they were known to have a strong personal and political partnership.

Early into her time in during a televised tour of the White House, Ford once again stated that she and her husband shared the same bedroom.
Ford accompanied her husband abroad on several diplomatic trips. She accompanied her husband to were China, Poland, Romania, and Yugoslavia.

Ford did not take any solo trips abroad as first lady. She became the second first lady after Lady Bird Johnson who did not takes solo trips by herself.

Ford was heavily her husband's 1976 presidential campaign. She made campaign appearances and delivered speeches across the United States.
During the campaign, many Ford supporters wore campaign buttons with phrases like "Betty's Husband for President in '76" and "Keep Betty in the White House".
After her husband was defeated by Jimmy Carter in the election, she delivered her husband's concession speech because he had lost his voice while campaigning.
On January 19, 1977, her last full day as first lady, Ford used her training as a Martha Graham dancer to jump up on the Cabinet Room table.The photo was published and is regarded as an iconic photograph of Ford's time as first lady.

After leaving the White House, the Fords moved to Rancho Mirage, California. Ford continued to lead an active public life. She remained active in women's issues, taking on numerous speaking engagements and lending her name to charities for fundraising.

In 1982, Ford established the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California, for the treatment of addiction treatment and including treating the children of alcoholics. In 2005, Ford gave up her chair of the center's board of directors to her daughter Susan Ford.

In 1977, President Jimmy Carter appointed Ford to the second National Commission on the Observance of International Women's Year. Ford continued to be an outspoken supporter of equal pay for women, breast cancer awareness, and the ERA throughout her life. She was an active member of the Junior League.

Ford continued to advocate for the ratification of the ERA. In November 1977, Ford and First Lady Rosalynn Carter joined together to advocate for its ratification at the National Women's Conference in Houston.

In 1985, Ford received the Award for Greatest Public Service Benefiting the Disadvantaged and the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement.

In 1987, Ford was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame. 

In 1991, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George H. W. Bush. 

In 1999, Ford and her husband were awarded Congressional Gold Medals.

In 2000, the Lasker Foundation awarded Ford thr Mary Woodard Lasker Public Service Award. 

In 2003, Ford received the Woodrow Wilson Award.

Ford died of natural causes on July 8, 2011, at Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage.

Funeral services were held in Palm Desert, California, on July 12, 2011, with more than 800 people in attendance. After the service, she was buried next to her husband on the museum grounds.


Edith Roosevelt

Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt (August 6, 1861 – September 30, 1948) was an American socialite. She was the first lady of the United States from 1901 to 1909 as the wife of the 26th president of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from March to September 1901 when her husband was vice president. 

Roosevelt also served as the first lady of New York when her husband was governor.

Edith Kermit Carow was born August 6, 1861, in Norwich, Connecticut, to Charles Carow and Gertrude Elizabeth Tyler. Though her family was wealthy, her father was an unsuccessful businessman as well as a chronic gambler and an alcoholic, while her mother was a hypochondriac. She was troubled by her childhood and rarely spoke of her parents throughout her adult life.

After her husband's first wife, Alice Roosevelt, died on February 14, 1884, Theodore and Edith began dating again in 1885. They married in St George's, Hanover Square, London on December 2, 1886.The couple had five children named Theodore, Kermit, Ethel, Archibald and Quentin Roosevelt.

Roosevelt became the first lady of New York on January 1, 1899, when her husband had became the 33rd governor of New York. According to historical scholars, Roosevelt loved being the first lady of the state. During this time, she modernized the governor's mansion, joined a local woman's club, and continued to assist with her husband's work. She later started a habit that she would hold bouquet of flowers in each hand.

Roosevelt became the first lady of the United States on September 4, 1901 when her husband was sworn in as the 26th president after the assassination of William McKinley. As first lady, Roosevelt also made a major institutional change when she hired Isabelle Hagner as the first social secretary to serve a first lady.

She built a long history of entertaining visitors and made the titular office into that of the nation's hostess. She expanded the number of social events held at the White House and worked to make Washington, D.C. the nation's cultural center.

In 1902, Roosevelt hired McKim, Mead & White to separate the living quarters from the offices, enlarge and modernize the public rooms, re-do the landscaping, and redecorate the interior. Congress approved over half a million dollars for the renovation. The new West Wing housed offices while the East Wing housed the president's family and guests. The plumbing, lighting, and heating were upgraded.

Roosevelt took a historical view of the White House and saw that the Green Room, Blue Room, and East Room were redecorated with period antiques. McKim would have removed most of the existing furniture had Edith not intervened. She intervention ensured that the Victorian furniture seen in the Lincoln Bedroom today was retained.

A larger dining room created a need for more china, so Roosevelt ordered a Wedgwood service with the Great Seal of the United States for 120 people. 

Roosevelt added to the collection by purchasing missing items from antique shops. She created a display of the china on the ground floor of the White House. 

Across from the White House china, she displayed portraits of former first ladies. The once-scattered portraits were a hit with the public and guests to the White House could view the historical china and portraits as they waited to enter receptions.

Roosevelt called on former White House gardener Henry Pfister to help her design a colonial garden on the west side of the White House. A similar garden was eventually placed on the east side of the residence. The public would first see the renovations to the White House during the 1903 New Year's Day reception.

Roosevelt was the honorary president of The Needlework Guild of America, one of the oldest nonprofits in the United States which provided new clothes to the poor, from 1917 to 1921.

During the Great Depression, she campaigned for Herbert Hoover to emphasize that the Democratic nominee Franklin Roosevelt, was not her son. Roosevelt had disliked Eleanor since her childhood and when Eleanor campaigned against Theodore Roosevelt Jr. during his run for governor of New York.

She died at Sagamore Hill on September 30, 1948, at the age of 87. She is buried next to her husband at Youngs Memorial Cemetery in Oyster Bay.

Lucretia Garfield

Lucretia Rudolph-Garfield (April 19, 1832 – March 14, 1918), wife of James A. Garfield, was First Lady of the United States in 1881.

She was born in Garrettsville, Ohio. Her father was Zeb Rudolph, a farmer and co-founder of the Eclectic Institute at Hiram, and her mother was Arabella Mason-Rudolph. Lucretia "Crete" Rudolph was a devout member of the Churches of Christ. She was of German, Welsh, English and Irish ancestry. Lucretia Garfield's paternal great-grandfather immigrated to Pennsylvania (in a part that is now Delaware) from Württemberg, Germany.

She first met James A. Garfield while both were attending a school. They renewed their friendship in 1851 as students of the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute. They got married on November 11, 1858.

In 1881, Garfield became the President of the United States. The family moved into the White House. Even at the age of 49, she was slim and looked lovely. She was not very much interested in her role as the First Lady. But, she was a charming lady and hosted parties at the White House. In May 1881, she fell ill and was suffering from malaria. She was resting at Long Branch, New Jersey, and was yet to become fit. At that time, she heard the news that someone had shot President Garfield, her husband. She rushed to Washington by train. On its way, the train met with an accident. She did not suffer any injury. When she reached Washington, she remained by the side of her husband. He could not remain alive and died after about three months.

After his death, she left for Ohio. There she lived for 36 years, and spent her time arranging and caring for the records of her husband’s career. A part of her home became a presidential library of her husband’s papers.

She died at her home in South Pasadena, California on March 13, 1918. Her casket was placed above ground beside the coffin of her husband in the lower level crypt of the presidential tomb at Lake View Cemetery in Cleveland, Ohio.


Biotechnology

Biotechnology is a technology that involves the use of living organisms. Biotechnology is mainly used in agriculture, food science, and medicine. In biotechnology, living organisms are used to make useful chemicals and products or to perform an industrial task.
An example of biotechnology is the use of the fermentation reaction in yeast to make beer and other alcoholic drinks. Another example is the use of carbon dioxide produced by yeast to make bread rise.
Biotechnology is often used to refer to genetic engineering technology of the 21st century. The term is used for many ways of modifying biological organisms for the needs of humanity. It started with modifications of native plants into improved food crops through artificial selection and hybridization. Bioengineering is the science upon which all biotechnological applications are based. With the development of new approaches and modern techniques, traditional biotechnology industries are also acquiring new horizons enabling them to improve the quality of their products and increase the productivity of their systems.

Biotechnology has also made cloning (the process duplicating organisms) possible. A lot of people think that this is morally wrong while others think it could solve many diseases.

Biotechnology can be used to solve a great number of problems, ranging from product efficiency to reducing global warming.


Ida Saxton McKinley

Ida Saxton McKinley (June 8, 1847 – May 26, 1907), wife of William McKinley, was First Lady of the United States from 1897 to 1901.

Ida Saxton was born on June 8, 1847 in Canton, Ohio. Her father was James A. Saxton, who was a rich banker. Her mother was Katherine "Kate" Saxton (neé DeWalt). She was the oldest child in her family. She had a younger sister named Mary and a younger brother named George. The Saxton family believed that women should have a good education. Ida Saxton went to many boarding schools. The last school she went to was Brook Hall Seminary and she graduated in 1868. After their schooling, Ida and Mary went to Europe on a tour.

She started to work as a cashier in a bank. This was a very unusual job for a woman. In 1867, Major William McKinley came to Canton to start his work as a lawyer. Ida and William McKinley came to know each other, and they fell in love. They married each other in 1871. While her husband devoted time to his work and career, Ida devoted time to her home and husband. 

She had a daughter on the Christmas Day of 1871. They named their daughter Katherine. She bore a second daughter in April 1873. Right before the daughter was born, Ida's mother died. At her funeral, Ida fell and badly hit her head. The second daughter died in August. Their first daughter died in July 1875. By this time, Ida had become very weak.

In 1877, her husband has become a Congressman. He them became a governor of Ohio. He always paid his attention to his wife and cared for her. She spent most of her time in a small Victorian rocking chair. This chair was with her since her childhood.

When they entered the White House, Ida’s health was very weak. She took the role of the First Lady, but while seated in a blue velvet chair. She sat by the side of her husband during official dinners. The President kept a careful watch on her condition. At that time, very few people know of her bad physical condition. Only in recent years, people came to know of her bad physical condition. 

Just after his second term as the President of the United States, an assassin shot William McKinley. McKinley at that time also remembered his wife’s weak condition. He told his secretary: “My wife…be careful, how you tell her; oh, be careful.” 

After her husband’s death, Ida Saxton McKinley returned to Canton. Her younger sister cared for her. She visited her husband’s grave almost daily. She died in 1907. She lies buried by the side of her husband and their two daughters in Canton’s McKinley Memorial Mausoleum.



Edith Bolling Wilson

Edith White Bolling Galt Wilson (October 15, 1872 — December 28, 1961), second wife of U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, was First Lady of the United States from 1915 to 1921. She met the President in March 1915 and they married nine months later.

Her husband had suffered a long illness. There were many things which the President was needed to do which he could not do. She helped him. Because of this, some people had called her "the Secret President" and "the first woman to run the government".

Wilson was born in Wytheville, Virginia. Her parents were Sallie White and Judge William Holcombe Bolling. She was their seventh child, out of the total eleven children. Through her grandmother, she was a direct descendant of Pocahontas.

When she was 15 years old, she attended Martha Washington College to study music. She attended the second year at a smaller school in Richmond, Virginia.

Once when she was visiting her married sister in Washington, DC, Edith met Norman Galt. Norman Galt was a rich jeweler. She married him in 1896. For 12 years, she lived a good life in Washington D. C. But, she also faced some tragedies. In 1903, she gave birth to a son. The child only lived for a few days. The problem birth made her unable to have any more children. In 1908, her husband died. Edith Galt picked a manager to run the family’s jewelry business. The business continued to earn money.

In 1915, President Wilson and Edith Galt met each other. President Wilson liked her and asked her to marry him. They married on 18th December 1915. While asking her to marry him, President Wilson had said like a poet: "in this place time is not measured by weeks, or months, or years, but by deep human experiences..."

Their love and romance also created a lot of talks in the social circle. Once an article in a Washington newspaper was about the Wilson couple. It talked of the couple while they were seeing a play in a theater before their marriage. The article stated: "The President gave himself up for the time being to "entertaining" his fiancee" But a printing error made it read like this: "The President gave himself up for the time being to "entering" his fiancee." The publishers called back the newspapers with the printing error. Still a few copies could not be called back. These copies are now very wanted items.

Mrs. Wilson had all the qualifications to act as the First Lady. She began her role as the First lady. During this time, World War I started. This limited the social activities at the White House. In 1917, the United States also joined the war. Mrs. Wilson started helping her husband who was under a lot of pressure because of the war. She also went with him to Europe during the process of peace.

President Wilson returned from Europe. He spent much of his time trying to get the Senate’s approval for the peace treaty. He was also trying to get approval for an agreement to create the League of Nations. In the meantime, his health was getting bad. 

In September 1919, he suffered a stroke. He became partially paralyzed. Edith Wilson always stayed with him. She took over many common duties of the government and helped her husband in many official matters. At the same time, she sent many other official matters to the heads of departments or allowed them to remain undone.

She also wrote a book. The name of the book is "My Memoir". Its year of publication is 1939. In this book, she said that her husband’s doctors had asked her to take up many responsibilities of her husband. Many historians do not agree with her views. 

Phyllis Levin, a historian had described her as "a woman of narrow views and formidable determination". He blamed her for many failures of the policies of the United States after the First World War.

In 1921, the Wilson couple retired to live in Washington. After three years her husband, Woodrow Wilson, died. She continued to live in Washington. People liked her, and she became a respected figure in the high society of the capital. Some people say that she liked and admired younger men. She lived a long life and lived to see President John F. Kennedy's inaugural parade. She died on December 28, 1961, the 105th anniversary of her second husband's birth. At the time of her death, she was 89 years. This made her the seventh longest-lived First Lady after Bess Truman, Nancy Reagan, Lady Bird Johnson, Betty Ford, Barbara Bush and Rosalynn Carter, respectively.


Florence Harding

Florence Mabel Harding (born Florence Mabel Kling; August 15, 1860 – November 21, 1924), wife of President Warren G. Harding, was the First Lady of the United States from 1921 to 1923.

Her birthplace is Marion, Ohio. Her birth name was Florence Mabel Kling. Her father’s name was Amos Kling. He was a rich and successful businessman. She was of German descent and French Huguenot ancestry. She did a course in music.

When she was 19 years old, she ran away from her home along with her childhood friend named Henry De Wolfe. No document is available to prove their legal marriage. But, the “common law” of Ohio covered such marriages. De Wolfe turned out to be a heavy drinker and he spent a lot of money. Florence bore a son to him. The son’s name was Marshall Eugene De Wolfe, also known as Marshall Eugene Kling. Soon after the birth of her son, she divorced De Wolfe in 1886. She returned to Marion, and started living there. She also started using her maiden name, that is, the name before her marriage. De Wolfe died when he was 35 years old.

She started to give piano lessons and started earning. However, her father did not like her daughter working and earning in this way. It was difficult for her to watch her son, and to give piano lessons. So she agreed to a proposal of his father. He gave her son to her parents to raise him. But, she continued to give piano lessons.

Charity (Chat) Harding was one of her students. She was the eldest sister of Warren G. Harding. Harding was the young publisher of the town’s only newspaper named Marion Daily Star. Now, this paper’s name is the Marion Star. Florence became closer to Warren G. Harding who is 5 years her junior. The two married in 1891. The couple did not get any children of their own. But, Florence’s son Marshall Eugene De Wolfe sometimes lived with them.

Florence started to help her husband and his newspaper. Once she told: "I have only one real hobby - my husband." The newspaper’s circulation grew. Harding was also rising in politics of Ohio. He became a senator of the United States. In 1920, he won the US presidential elections.

When the Harding couple moved into the White House, she opened the grounds to the public. Earlier, due to the illness of President Woodrow Wilson the grounds and the mansion had been closed. In 1920, she suffered kidney problems. But, still she continued as an active First lady.

In the summer of 1923, the Harding couple started on their nationwide "Voyage of Understanding". During this journey, the President died in San Francisco, California in August 1923.

After the death of her husband, she tried to make a new life for her. She wanted to live in Washington for some time. However, her kidney problems increased. She returned to Marion for treatment and recovery. The treatment continued for months but could not save her life. She died on 21st November 1924.

She lies buried alongside her husband in the Harding Memorial in Marion, Ohio. Many historians think this be the most beautiful of Presidential Tombs in the United States.



Lou Henry Hoover

Louise "Lou" Henry Hoover (March 29, 1874 - January 7, 1944) was the wife of Herbert Hoover, the President of the United States. As the wife of the president, she acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1929 to 1933.

Her birthplace is Waterloo, Iowa. Her parents were Charles D. Henry and Florence. She spent her first ten years of her life at Iowa. Then, her father thought that the climate of southern California would be good for the health of Florence, his wife. The family came to live in Whittier, California. The place was later the childhood home of President Richard Nixon.

Her father, Charles Henry took her on camping trips. She became a very good horsewoman. She also hunted. She also developed interest for rocks, mineral, and mining.

She studied in two schools and got a certificate in teaching. Then she came to study at the Stanford University in 1894. She completed her course and became the first woman in Stanford's geology department. There she had met in a laboratory Herbert Hoover, her senior at the university.

Lou and Herbert Hoover married in 1899. Once Herbert Hoover said that her blue eyes and broad grins had attracted him.

The newlywed couple went to China where her husband became famous as a mining engineer. He also worked in many other countries and places of the world: for examples, in places in Ceylon, Burma, Siberia, Australia, Egypt, Japan, and Europe.

She had two sons: Herbert Charles Hoover (August 4, 1903 - July 9, 1969) and Allan Hoover (July 17, 1907 - November 4, 1993).

Her husband, Herbert Hoover earned a lot of fame after the First World War. He became famous for his good work in managing emergency relief programs. She lived with him, but sometimes spent time with her two sons in California. In 1919, the couple started constructing a house at Palo Alto, California. By this time, her husband became United States Secretary of Commerce. The couple lived in Washington for eight years. She did well socially as a wife of the Cabinet Secretary. She also took an active role in the Girl Scouts of the USA. She also served as the president of the Girl Scouts of the USA.

In 1929, the Hoover couple came to live into the White House. Lou Henry Hoover had a long experience as wife of a famous man who had worked in the United States and in many foreign countries. She started her role as the First Lady. She was charming and dressed handsomely. She did it very well all through the term of her husband as the President. However, during this period, the Hoovers broke a tradition. On the New Year’s Day of 1933, they were away from the White House. Thus, they were not present to greet the public personally. Their absence ended the tradition of the President and the First Lady greeting the public on the New Year’s Day.

In 1933, the Hoovers couple retired to Palo Alto. But, they also kept an apartment in New York. Mrs. Hoover died on 7th January 1944 at the age of 69. She died of a heart attack. After her death, Mr. Hoover came to know of many gifts given by his wife. She had helped many boys and girls to get education. Mr. Hoover described her as: "a symbol of everything wholesome in American life."

Now, their house in Palo Alto is the official residence of the President of Stanford University. The house is one of the National Historic Landmarks. Lou Henry Hoover Elementary School in Whittier (built in 1938) bears her name in her honor. Her statue stands at the place where her childhood home was at Waterloo, Iowa.



Eleanor Roosevelt

Anna Eleanor Roosevelt (October 11, 1884 − November 7, 1962) was an American diplomat and political activist. She was the first lady of the United States from 1933 to 1945 as the wife of the 32nd president of the United States, Franklin D. Roosevelt. She was also the first lady of New York from 1929 to 1933 when her husband was governor.

Roosevelt was a member of the prominent and wealthy American Roosevelt and Livingston families and a niece of President Theodore Roosevelt. Historians have consistently ranked Roosevelt as the greatest first lady in American history.

Anna Eleanor Roosevelt was born on October 11, 1884, in Manhattan, New York City, to Anna Rebecca Hall and Elliott Roosevelt. From an early age she preferred to be called by her middle name, Eleanor. Through her father, she was a niece of Theodore Roosevelt, the 26th president of the United States.

Roosevelt had two younger brothers named Elliott Jr. and Hall Roosevelt. She also had a half-brother named Elliott Roosevelt Mann.

Her mother died from diphtheria on December 7, 1892, and Elliott Jr. died of the same disease the next year. Her father died on August 14, 1894, after jumping from a window during a fit of delirium tremens. He survived the fall but died from a seizure. Her brother Hall later suffered from alcoholism. 

After the deaths of her parents, Roosevelt was raised by her maternal grandmother, Mary Livingston Ludlow Hall in Tivoli, New York.

Roosevelt was to Allenswood Academy at the age of 15, a private finishing school in Wimbledon, London, England, where she was educated from 1899 to 1902. The headmistress, Marie Souvestre, took a special interest in Roosevelt, who learned to speak French fluently and gained self-confidence.

Roosevelt was active with the New York Junior League, that taught dancing and calisthenics in the East Side slums.

In the summer of 1902, Roosevelt met her father's fifth cousin, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, on a train to Tivoli, New York. The two began a secret romance, and got engaged on November 22, 1903.

The got were married on March 17, 1905, in New York City. President Theodore Roosevelt's attendance at the ceremony was front-page news in "The New York Times" and other newspapers.

They had six children named, Anna Roosevelt Halsted, James Roosevelt II,Franklin Roosevelt, Elliott Roosevelt,Franklin D. Roosevelt Jr., and John Roosevelt.

Roosevelt became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 33rd president on March 4, 1933. As first lady, Roosevelt was vocal in her support of the civil rights movement. She became one of the only voices in her husband's administration insisting that benefits be equally extended to Americans of all races.

She was the first presidential spouse to hold regular press conferences and in 1940 became the first to speak at a national party convention. She also wrote a daily newspaper called, "My Day". She was the first for a presidential spouse to do this. She was also the fist presidential wife to write a monthly magazine column and to host a weekly radio show.

In the first year of her husband's administration, Roosevelt earned $75,000 from her lectures and writing, most of which she gave to charity. By 1941, she was receiving lecture fees of $1,000, and was made an honorary member of Phi Beta Kappa at one of her lectures to celebrate her achievements.

Roosevelt also broke with tradition by inviting hundreds of African-American guests to the White House. In 1936 she became aware of conditions at the National Training School for Girls, a predominantly Black reform school once located in the Palisades neighborhood of Washington, D.C. She visited the school, wrote about it in her "My Day" column, where she asked for additional funding, and pressed for changes in staffing and curriculum.

Roosevelt later presented Anderson to the King and Queen of the United Kingdom after Anderson performed at a White House dinner. She also arranged the appointment of African-American educator Mary McLeod Bethune, with whom she had struck up a friendship, as Director of the Division of Negro Affairs of the National Youth Administration.

Roosevelt lobbied behind the scenes for the 1934 Costigan-Wagner Bill to make lynching a federal crime, including arranging a meeting between Franklin and NAACP president Walter Francis White.

Roosevelt's support of African-American rights made her an unpopular figure among whites in the South. At the same time, she grew so popular among African-Americans.

Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, Roosevelt spoke out against Japanese-American prejudice. She also privately opposed her husband's Executive Order 9066, which required Japanese-Americans in many areas of the U.S. to enter internment camps.

On May 10, 1940, Germany invaded Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands, As the U.S. began to move toward war, Roosevelt found herself again depressed, fearing that her role in fighting for domestic justice would become fail, and cause the nation to focused on foreign affairs.

She briefly considered traveling to Europe to work with the Red Cross, but was warned by presidential advisers that the president's wife could be captured as a prisoner of war. She soon found other wartime causes to work on, however, beginning with a popular movement to allow the immigration of European refugee children. 

She also lobbied her husband to allow greater immigration of groups persecuted by the Nazis, including Jews, but fears of fifth columnists caused Franklin to restrict immigration rather than expanding it. Roosevelt successfully secured political refugee status for eighty-three Jewish refugees from the S.S. "Quanza" in August 1940.

After her husband died on April 12, 1945, after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage at the Little White House in Warm Springs, Georgia. Roosevelt moved into an apartment at 29 Washington Square West in Greenwich Village. In 1950, she rented suites at the Park Sheraton Hotel (202 West 56th Street). She lived here until 1953 when she moved to 211 East 62nd Street. When that lease expired in 1958, she returned to the Park Sheraton as she waited for the house she purchased with Edna and David Gurewitsch at 55 East 74th Street to be renovated. The Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum opened on April 12, 1946.

In December 1945, President Harry S. Truman appointed Roosevelt as a delegate to the United Nations General Assembly. In April 1946, she became the first chairperson of the preliminary United Nations Commission on Human Rights. Roosevelt remained chairperson when the commission was established on a permanent basis in January 1947. Along with René Cassin, John Peters Humphrey and others, she played a key role in drafting the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

Roosevelt also served as the first United States Representative to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and stayed on at that position until 1953, even after stepping down as chair of the commission in 1951. The UN awarded her one of its first Human Rights Prizes in 1968 in recognition of her work.

In the 1940s, Roosevelt was among the first people to support the creation of a UN agency specialized in the issues of food and nutrition.

In 1949, she was made an honorary member of the historically black organization Alpha Kappa Alpha.

She resigned from her UN post in 1953, when Dwight D. Eisenhower became president. She addressed the Democratic National Convention in 1952 and 1956. President John F. Kennedy later reappointed her to the United Nations, where she served again from 1961 to 1962, and to the National Advisory Committee of the Peace Corps.

In 1961, President Kennedy's undersecretary of labor, Esther Peterson, proposed a new Presidential Commission on the Status of Women. Kennedy appointed Roosevelt to chair the commission, with Peterson as director. This was Roosevelt's last public position.

Throughout the 1950s, Roosevelt went on countless national and international speaking engagements. She continued to pen her newspaper column and made appearances on television and radio broadcasts. She averaged one hundred fifty lectures a year throughout the 1950s, many devoted to her activism on behalf of the United Nations.

Roosevelt received the first annual Franklin Delano Roosevelt Brotherhood Award in 1946. Other notable awards she received during her life postwar included the Award of Merit of the New York City Federation of Women's Clubs in 1948, the Four Freedoms Award in 1950, the Irving Geist Foundation Award in 1950, and the Prince Carl Medal, from Sweden in 1950. 

In April 1960, Roosevelt was diagnosed with aplastic anemia soon after being struck by a car in New York City. She died on November 7, 1962, aged 78, of resulting cardiac failure at her Manhattan home at 55 East 74th Street on the Upper East Side. President John F. Kennedy ordered all United States flags lowered to half-staff throughout the world on November 8 in tribute to Roosevelt.

Funeral services were held two days later in Hyde Park, where she was buried next to her husband in the Rose Garden at Springwood Estate, the Roosevelt family home.

In 1966, the White House Historical Association purchased Douglas Chandor's portrait of Eleanor Roosevelt; the portrait had been commissioned by the Roosevelt family in 1949. The painting was presented at a White House reception on February 4, 1966, that was hosted by Lady Bird Johnson and attended by more than 250 invited guests. The portrait hangs in the Vermeil Room.

Roosevelt was posthumously inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame in 1973.

In 1989, the Eleanor Roosevelt Fund Award was founded.

The Eleanor Roosevelt Monument in New York's Riverside Park was dedicated in 1996, with First Lady Hillary Clinton serving as the keynote speaker. It was the first monument to an American woman in a New York City park. The centerpiece is a statue of Roosevelt sculpted by Penelope Jencks. The surrounding granite pavement contains inscriptions designed by the architect Michael Middleton Dwyer, including summaries of her achievements, and a quote from her 1958 speech at the United Nations advocating universal human rights.

In 1997, the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial in Washington D.C. was dedicated; it includes a bronze statue of Eleanor Roosevelt standing before the United Nations emblem, which honors her dedication to the United Nations. It is the only presidential memorial to depict a first lady.

In 1998, President Bill Clinton established the Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights to honor outstanding American promoters of rights in the United States. The award was first awarded on the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, honoring Eleanor Roosevelt's role as the "driving force" in the development of the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The award was originally presented from 1998 to the end of the Clinton Administration in 2001. In 2010, then-Secretary of State of the United States Hillary Clinton revived the Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights and presented the award on behalf of the then-President of the United States Barack Obama.

The Gallup Organization published the poll Gallup's List of Most Widely Admired People of the 20th Century, to determine which people around the world Americans most admired for what they did in the 20th century in 1999. Eleanor Roosevelt came in ninth.

In 2001, the Eleanor Roosevelt Legacy Committee was founded by Judith Hollensworth Hope, who was its president until April 2008. It inspires and supports pro-choice Democratic women to run for local and state offices in New York.

In 2007, Eleanor Roosevelt was named a hero by The My Hero Project.

In 2020, "Time" magazine included Eleanor Roosevelt on its list of 100 Women of the Year. She was retroactively named Woman of the Year 1948 for her efforts on tackling issues surrounding human rights.

Roosevelt was honored on an American Women quarter in 2023.

Eleanor Roosevelt School, also known as the Eleanor Roosevelt Vocational School for Colored Youth, Warm Springs Negro School, and the Eleanor Roosevelt Rosenwald School, which operated as a school from March 18, 1937, until 1972, was a historical Black community school located at 350 Parham Street at Leverette Hill Road in Warm Springs, Georgia. As of May 3, 2010, the school is listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Meriwether County, Georgia.

The Norvelt firefighter's hall is named Roosevelt Hall in her honor.

In 1972, the Eleanor Roosevelt Institute was founded; it merged with the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Foundation in 1987 to become the Roosevelt Institute. The Roosevelt Institute is a liberal American think tank.

Eleanor Roosevelt High School, a public magnet high school specializing in science, mathematics, technology, and engineering, was established in 1976 at its current location in Greenbelt, Maryland.

In 1977, the home was formally designated by an act of Congress as the Eleanor Roosevelt National Historic Site. The Roosevelt Study Center, a research institute, conference center, and library opened in 1986. It is named after Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt, and Franklin Roosevelt, all of whose ancestors emigrated from Zeeland to the United States in the seventeenth century.

In 1988, Eleanor Roosevelt College, one of eight undergraduate residential colleges at the University of California, San Diego, was founded. Eleanor Roosevelt High School, a small public high school on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City, was founded in 2002. Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Eastvale, California, opened in 2006.

Mamie Eisenhower

Mary Geneva Doud Eisenhower (November 14, 1896 – November 1, 1979) was the first lady of the United States from 1953 to 1961 as the wife of the 34th president of the United States, Dwight D. Eisenhower. 

As first lady, Eisenhower managed the expenses and schedules of the White House. She closely managed the staff, the White House budgeting throughout her tenure.

Eisenhower was popular as first lady, and was regarded as a fashion icon. She was known her stylish hair bangs and wearing the color pink.

Mary Geneva Doud was born on November 14, 1896, in Boone, Iowa. She was the second child of John Sheldon Doud and his wife Elivera Mathilda Carlson. 

Her mother was a daughter of Swedish immigrants. Her father ran a meatpacking company until he retired at age 36.

Doud had three sisters named Eleanor Carlson Doud, Eda Mae Doud and Mabel Frances Doud. She was sent to Wolcott School for Girls to finish school.

Doud began dating Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1915, when he was a second lieutenant. They were introduced to each other while her family was visiting a friend at Fort Sam Houston. 

They got engaged on Valentine's Day, on February 14, 1916. They later got married on July 1, 1916, in Denver, Colorado. Their first, Doud Eisenhower, was born on September 24, 1917. He later died of scarlet fever at 3 years old on January 2, 1921. Their second son, John Eisenhower, was born in Denver on August 3, 1922.

Eisenhower became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 34th president on January 20, 1953. As first lady, Eisenhower was mostly interested in social issues, including women's issues and civil rights. She desired to see women elected to Congress, and sponsored several women's clubs. She also invited Black women to the White House, including Marian Anderson and the National Council of Negro Women. 

Eisenhower also supported include soldiers' benefits, civil defense, blood drives, and the United Nations. After her husband's heart attack, she chaired fundraising for the American Heart Association.

Eisenhower was highly active during the Christmas season and she had the White House heavily decorated for the holiday and bought gifts for the White House staff. In 1958, she was the first person to start Halloween decorations for the White House.

Eisenhower was known for her sense of fashion, and many women were influenced by her style. The New York Dress Institute named her one of the 12 best-dressed women every year that she was first lady. Her style was known as the "Mamie Look", as she wore full-skirted dresses, pink gloves, charm bracelets, pearls, little hats, purses, bobbed banged hair.

She owned many cosmetics and perfumes, and often visited a beauty spa to maintain her appearance. Eisenhower's love of the color pink, often called "First Lady" or "Mamie" pink and later started kicked a national trend for pink clothing, housewares, and bathrooms.

Eisenhower had a stroke on September 25, 1979 and she was rushed to Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Eisenhower remained in the hospital, and she died in her sleep on the morning of November 1, 1979, she was 82 years old. A memorial service was held in the Fort Myer chapel on November 5 and she was later buried beside her husband in Abilene, Kansas.

Eisenhower's birthplace is open to the public and operated by the Mamie Doud Eisenhower Foundation. She was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame in 1985.

Lady Bird Johnson

Claudia Alta Taylor Johnson (December 22, 1912 – July 11, 2007) was the first lady of the United States from 1963 to 1969 as the wife of the 36th president of the United States, Lyndon B. Johnson. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 1961 to 1963 when her husband was vice president.

Claudia Alta Taylor was born on December 22, 1912, in Karnack, Texas to Thomas J. Jonson Taylor and Minnie Lee Pattillo. Her father, is of English ancestry and some Welsh and Danish. Her mother, also a native of Alabama, was of English and Scottish descent.

Taylor had two elder brothers named Thomas Jefferson Jr. and Antonio Taylor. When she was five years old, her mother fell down a flight of stairs while pregnant. She died of complications of miscarriage in 1918.

She was later raised by her maternal aunt Effie Pattillo. She also visited her Pattillo relatives in Autauga County, Alabama, every summer until she was became an adult.

Taylor was a shy and quiet girl who spent much of her youth alone outdoors. She developed her lifelong love of the outdoors as a child growing up in the tall pines and bayous of East Texas, where she watched the wildflowers bloom each spring.

She graduated third in her class at the age of 15 from Marshall Senior High School in the nearby county seat. Despite her young age, her father gave her a car so that she could drive herself to school.

After graduating from high school in May 1928, Lady Bird entered the University of Alabama for the summer session, where she took her first journalism course. But, homesick for Texas, she stayed home and did not return for the fall term at Alabama. Instead, she and a high school friend enrolled at St. Mary's Episcopal College for Women, an Episcopal boarding junior college for women in Dallas.

After graduating from St. Mary's in May 1930, Taylor toyed returned to Texas to Alabama. She enrolled into the University of Texas. She received a bachelor of arts in history with honors in 1933 and a second bachelor's degree in journalism in 1934. Taylor was active on campus in different organizations, including Texas Orange Jackets, a women's honorary service organization, and believed in student leadership. Her goal was to become a reporter, but she also earned a teaching certificate.

A friend in Austin introduced Taylor to Lyndon B. Johnson, a 26-year-old Congressional aide working for Congressman Richard Kleberg.

On their first date, at the Driskill Hotel, Lyndon proposed. Taylor did not want to rush into marriage, but he did not want to wait. Ten weeks later, she accepted his proposal. The got married on November 17, 1934, at St. Mark's Episcopal Church in San Antonio, Texas.

They had two daughters together named Lynda Bird and Luci Baines Johnson. The couple and their two daughters all shared the initials LBJ.

In January–February 1943, during World War II, Johnson spent $17,500 of her inheritance to purchase KTBC, an Austin radio station. She bought the radio station from a three-man partnership from Robert B. Anderson. She served as president of the LBJ Holding Co., and her husband negotiated an agreement with the CBS radio network. Despite her husband's objections, Lady Bird expanded by buying a television station in 1952. 

Eventually, Johnson's $41,000 investment turned into more than $150 million for the LBJ Holding Company. She was the first president's wife to have become a millionaire before her husband was elected to office. She remained involved with the company until she was in her eighties.

Johnson became the second lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 37th vice president on January 20, 1961. As second lady, Johnson served as a substitute for Kennedy at official events and functions. Within her first year, she had substituted for Kennedy at more than 50 events, roughly one per week.

Johnson became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 36th president on November 22, 1963, after the President John F. Kennedy was assassinated.
As first lady, Johnson helped establish the public environmental movement in the 1960s. She worked to beautify Washington D.C. by planting thousands of flowers, set up the White House Natural Beauty Conference, and lobbied Congress for the president's full range of environmental initiatives. In 1965, she took the lead role in calling for passage of the Highway Beautification Act.

Her capital beautification project turned the national capital into a showcase for the nation. It was intended to improve physical conditions in Washington, D.C. for residents and tourists by planting millions of flowers, many of them on National Park Service land along roadways around the capital.

She worked extensively with the American Association of Nurserymen and executive Vice President Robert F. Lederer to protect wildflowers and promoted planting them along highways. 

Her efforts inspired similar programs throughout the country. She became the first president's wife to advocate actively for legislation when she was instrumental in promoting the Highway Beautification Act, which was nicknamed "Lady Bird's Bill". She was also an advocate of the Head Start program to give children from lower-income families a step up in school readiness.

After leaving the White House, Johnson continued to be active in public life. Her husband died of a heart attack in January 1973, four years after leaving office. She remained in the public eye, honoring her husband and other presidents.

In the 1970s, Johnson focused her attention on the Austin riverfront area through her involvement in the Town Lake Beautification Project. From 1971 to 1978, she served on the board of regents for the University of Texas System. She also served on the National Park Service Advisory Board, and was the first woman to serve on National Geographic Society's board of trustees.

In December 1973, after President Richard Nixon established the Lyndon Baines Johnson Memorial Grove on the Potomac.

In November 1977, Johnson spoke at the 1977 National Women's Conference among other speakers including Rosalynn Carter, Betty Ford, Bella Abzug, Barbara Jordan, Cecilia Burciaga, Gloria Steinem, Lenore Hershey and Jean O'Leary.

In June 1981, Dartmouth College stated that Johnson and former President Gerald Ford would serve as co-chairs of the fundraising committee for the Rockefeller Center for the Social Sciences.

In 1982, Johnson and actress Helen Hayes founded the National Wildflower Research Center west of Austin, Texas, as a nonprofit organization devoted to preserving and reintroducing native plants in planned landscapes. In 1994, the center opened a new facility southwest of Austin; they officially renamed it the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in 1995 in acknowledgment of her having raised $10 million for the facility.

In 1988, Johnson convened with three other former first ladies, Betty Ford, Rosalynn Carter, and Pat Nixon at the "Women and the Constitution" conference at The Carter Center to assess that document's impact on women. The conference featured over 150 speakers and 1,500 attendees from all 50 states and 10 foreign countries. The conference was meant to promote awareness on sexual inequality in the United States and other countries.
In September 1991, Johnson unveiled a new line of English porcelain flower sculpture that drew influence from American wildflowers in the Corrigan's Jewelry at NorthPark Center in Dallas.

On April 6, 1990, President George H. W. Bush praised her for her support of her husband and work toward beautifying landscapes.

Johnson died at home on July 11, 2007, from natural causes, she was 94 years old.

Johnson's funeral was a public event and was held on July 15, 2007, a ceremonial cortège left the Texas State Capitol. The family had a private burial in Stonewall, Texas and was later buried next to her husband at Johnson Family Cemetery.

On August 27, 1969, President Richard Nixon dedicated a grove of redwood trees as the "Lady Bird Johnson Grove" due to her efforts as first lady toward preserving national resources for Americans.

Lady Bird Johnson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Gerald Ford on January 10, 1977.

She received the Congressional Gold Medal in 1988. In 1995, the National Wildflower Research Center in near Austin, Texas, was renamed the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center. She and actress Helen Hayes founded the center in 1982.

In 1995, Lady Bird received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement.

In November 1968, Columbia Island, in Washington, D.C., was renamed Lady Bird Johnson Park in honor of her campaign as first lady to beautify the capital.

After her death, Austin Mayor Will Wynn's office said that Town Lake is going to be renamed in her honor. The lake was renamed Lady Bird Lake on July 26, 2007.

In April 2008, the Lady Bird Johnson Memorial Cherry Blossom Grove was dedicated to Marshfield, Missouri.

In 1995, she received an Honor Award from the National Building Museum for her lifetime leadership in beautification and conservation campaigns. She was also named the honorary chairwoman of the Head Start program.

On June 7, 2008, Texas honored Lady Bird by renaming the state convention's Blue Star Breakfast as the 'Lady Bird Breakfast'. In January 2009, St. Edward's University in Austin completed a new residence hall for upperclassmen bearing the name of Lady Bird Johnson Hall, or "LBJ Hall" for short.

On August 28, 2008, Lady Bird Johnson High School was opened in her name in San Antonio, Texas.

On October 22, 2012, the United States Postal Service announced the issue of a souvenir Forever stamp sheet honoring Johnson as a tribute to her legacy of beautifying the nation's roadsides, urban parks and trails. The stamps were dedicated on November 30, 2012, at the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center of The University of Texas at Austin.

In 2013, Lady Bird was posthumously awarded the prestigious Rachel Carson Award. The award, presented by Audubon's Women in Conservation, was accepted by her daughter Lynda.

Pat Nixon

Patricia Ryan Nixon (March 16, 1912 – June 22, 1993) was an American educator who was the first lady of the United States from 1969 to 1974 as the wife of the 37th president of the United States, Richard Nixon. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States 1953 to 1961 when her husband was vice president.

Thelma Catherine Ryanwas born on March 16, 1912, in Ely, Nevada. Her father, William M. Ryan Sr., was a sailor, gold miner, and truck farmer of Irish ancestry and her mother, Katherine Halberstadt, was a German immigrant. 

After her birth, The family then moved from Nevada to California to a small farm in Artesia, California.

Ryan's mother died in 1925. At the age of 13, she took over the household duties for her father and her brothers. Two years later, when she was attending Excelsior High School, her father became seriously ill and he died in 1930.

Ryan enrolled at Fullerton College in 1931 and earned her money by working part time as a janitor in a local bank. She drove elderly friends of her family to New York where she stayed for two years working in a hospital, first as a secretary, and later, after a Columbia University summer course in radiology as an X-ray technician.

In 1934, she returned to California to enroll at the University of Southern California. While in college, she worked as many as 40 hours a week, both on and off campus, while majoring in merchandising. In 1937, she graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in merchandising and a certificate to teach at the high school level.

Her first job following graduation was teaching business education courses at Whittier Union High School for an annual salary of $1,800.

Her interest in drama began during her working days at USC when she earned $25 for a walk-on part as an extra in the movie, Becky Sharp. In addition to directing the high school plays, she joined the Whittier Little Theater group. Later, she met Richard Nixon, a lawyer who graduated from Duke University Law School in Durham, North Carolina. 

Nixon worked in a bank in Ottumwa and when her husband was assigned to duty in the South Pacific, she moved to San Francisco, where she worked as an economist for the Office of Price Administration. 

They met in 1937, and got married on June 21, 1940, in a Quaker ceremony at the historic Mission Inn in Riverside, California. Their first daughter, Tricia, was born on February 21, 1946. Their second daughter, Julie, was born, on July 5, 1948.

Nixon became the second lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 36th vice president on January 20, 1953. As second lady, Nixon accompanied her husband abroad during his vice presidential years. She traveled to 53 nations, often visiting hospitals, orphanages, schools and a leper colony in Panama.

Nixon became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 37th president on January 20, 1969. As first lady, One of her major initiatives as was the promotion of volunteerism, which she encouraged Americans to address social problems through volunteering at hospitals, civic organizations, and rehabilitation centers. 

Nixon held the record as the most-traveled first lady utnil she was surpassed by Hillary Clinton. In her husband's first term, she traveled to 39 states. She took foreign trips in countries such as, Guam, India, the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Pakistan, Romania, and England. During trip to South Vietnam, she became the first first lady to enter a war zone.

Nixon died at her Park Ridge, New Jersey, home at 5:45 a.m. on June 22, 1993. She was 81 years old. Her daughters and husband were by her side.

The funeral service for Pat Nixon took place on the grounds of the Richard Nixon Library in Yorba Linda and was later buried on June 26, 1993.

Nancy Reagan

Nancy Davis Reagan (July 6, 1921 – March 6, 2016) was an American actress and socialite. She was the first lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 as the wife of the 40th president of the United States, Ronald Reagan. Before becoming first lady, she was the first lady of California from 1967 to 1975 when her husband was governor.

Reagan was born in New York City. After her parents separated, she lived in Maryland with an aunt and uncle for six years. When her mother remarried in 1929, she moved to Chicago and later was adopted by her mother's second husband. As Nancy Davis, she was a Hollywood actress in the 1940s and 1950s.

Anne Frances Robbins was born on July 6, 1921, at Sloane Hospital for Women in Uptown Manhattan. She was the only child of Kenneth Seymour Robbins and Edith Prescott Luckett.

Robbins lived her first two years in Flushing, Queens, a neighborhood of New York City, in a two-story house on Roosevelt Avenue between 149th and 150th Streets. Her parents separated soon after her birth and were divorced in 1928. 

After their separation, her mother traveled the country to pursue acting jobs and Robbins was raised in Bethesda, Maryland, for six years by her aunt and uncle, and later she attended Sidwell Friends School from kindergarten through second grade.

At the time of the adoption, her name was legally changed to Nancy Davis. She attended the Girls' Latin School of Chicago from 1929, until she graduated in 1939, and later attended Smith College in Massachusetts, where she majored in English and drama, and later graduated in 1943.

In 1940, Davis appeared as a National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis volunteer in a memorable short subject film shown in movie theaters to raise donations for the crusade against polio.

Davis held jobs in Chicago as a sales clerk in Marshall Field's department store and as a nurse's aide. With the help of her mother's colleagues in theatre, including ZaSu Pitts, Walter Huston, and Spencer Tracy, she pursued a professional career as an actress. 

She first gained a part in Pitts' 1945 road tour of "Ramshackle Inn", moving to New York City. She landed the role of Si-Tchun, a lady-in-waiting, in the 1946 Broadway musical about the Orient, "Lute Song", starring Mary Martin and a pre-fame Yul Brynner.

After passing a screen test, she moved to California and signed a seven-year contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc., in 1949.

Davis' film career began with small supporting roles in two films that were released in 1949, "The Doctor and the Girl" with Glenn Ford and "East Side, West Side" starring Barbara Stanwyck. She played a child psychiatrist in the film noir "Shadow on the Wall" (1950) with Ann Sothern and Zachary Scott. She co-starred in 1950's, "The Next Voice You Hear."

In 1951, Davis appeared in "Night into Morning", her favorite screen role, a study of bereavement starring Ray Milland. MGM released Davis from her contract in 1952; She soon starred in the science fiction film "Donovan's Brain" (1953). In her next-to-last movie, "Hellcats of the Navy" (1957).

After her final film, "Crash Landing" (1958), Davis appeared for a brief time as a guest star in television dramas, such as the "Zane Grey Theatre" episode "The Long Shadow" (1961), until she retired as an actress in 1962. During her career, Davis served for nearly ten years on the board of directors of the Screen Actors Guild.

On November 15, 1949, she met Ronald Reagan, who was then president of the Screen Actors Guild. The two began dating and their relationship was the subject of many gossip columns. The got married on March 4, 1952, at the Little Brown Church in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles. 

Their first child, Patti Davis, was born on October 21, 1952. Their second children, Ron Reagan, was born on May 20, 1958. Reagan also became stepmother to Maureen Reagan and Michael Reagan from her husband's children from his marriage.

Reagan became the first lady of California when her husband became the 33rd governor on January 3, 1967. As first lady, Reagan visited veterans, the elderly, and the disabled, and worked with a number of charities. She became involved with the Foster Grandparents Program, helping to popularize it in the United States and Australia. 

She later expanded her work with the organization after arriving in Washington, and wrote about her experiences in her 1982 book "To Love a Child". The Reagans held dinners for former prisoners of war and Vietnam War veterans while governor and first lady.

In 1967, her husband appointed her to the California Arts Commission, and a year later she was named "Los Angeles Times," "A Model First Lady". 

Reagan became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 40th president on January 20, 1981. As first lady, she launched the "Just Say No" drug awareness campaign in 1982, which was her primary project and major initiative as first lady. Her campaign focused on drug education and informing the youth of the danger of drug abuse.

Reagan became actively involved by traveling more than throughout the United States and several nations, visiting drug abuse prevention programs and drug rehabilitation centers.

In 1985, Reagan expanded the campaign to an international level by inviting the first ladies of other countries to the White House for a conference on drug abuse. On October 27, 1986, President Reagan signed a drug enforcement bill into law, which granted $1.7 billion in funding to fight the drug crisis and ensured a mandatory minimum penalty for drug offenses. In 1988, she became the first active first lady invited to address the United Nations General Assembly, where she spoke on international drug and trafficking laws.

Reagan's interest in fashion was another one of her trademarks. Reagan's sense of style was favorably compared to that of a previous first lady, Jacqueline Kennedy.

Reagan's wardrobe consisted of dresses, gowns, and suits made by luxury designers, including James Galanos, Bill Blass, and Oscar de la Renta. Her white, hand-beaded, one shoulder Galanos 1981 inaugural gown was estimated to cost $10,000, while the overall price of her inaugural wardrobe was said to cost $25,000. Her wardrobe included red so often that the fire-engine shade became known as "Reagan red". She employed two private hairdressers, who would style her hair on a regular basis in the White House.
In 1989, Reagan was honored at the annual gala awards dinner of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, during which she received the council's lifetime achievement award.

Upon leaving the White House, the couple returned to California. After leaving Washington, Reagan made numerous public appearances, many on behalf of her husband. She continued to reside at the Bel Air home, where she lived with her husband until he died on June 5, 2004.

In late 1989, the former first lady established the Nancy Reagan Foundation, which was to continue to educate people about the dangers of substance abuse. 

The Foundation teamed with the BEST Foundation For A Drug-Free Tomorrow in 1994, and developed the Nancy Reagan Afterschool Program. She continued to travel around the United States, speaking out against drug and alcohol abuse.

Reagan was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002 and the Congressional Gold Medal, in the same year. In 1989, she received the Council of Fashion Designers of America's lifetime achievement award.

Reagan received an Honorary Doctorate of Laws degree from Pepperdine University in 1983. She received an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Eureka College in 2009.

On March 6, 2016, Reagan died of congestive heart failure at her home in Los Angeles at the age of 94. On March 7, President Barack Obama issued a presidential proclamation ordering the US flag to be flown at half-staff until.

Her funeral was held on March 11 at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California.

Furniture

Furniture is the word that means all the things like chairs, tables, cupboards, beds and bookcases, etc. 

In other words, furniture are all the things that are in the house and that people can use to sit, to lie on or that are supposed to contain smaller things like cloths or cups. Furniture is made of wood, particle boards, leather, screws etc.

Different rooms have different furniture for different purposes. Offices have office furniture such as desks and office chairs. Dining rooms have a table and dining chairs. Theaters and classrooms have rows of seats facing forward.

Bedroom furniture includes a bed covered by sheets, a bedspread and maybe a blanket and pillow . Next to the bed is the nightstand or night table. A lamp may be on the nightstand. The dresser has drawers for clothes. On top of a dresser may be a mirror.

The time period "fixtures" reveals its roots withinside the Latin language. It is derived from the Latin word "furnitūra," which means "equipment" or "apparatus." The word "furnitūra" itself is a by-product of the Latin verb "furnīre," which means "to equip" or "to provide." Over time, the means of "fixtures" advanced to embody a broader variety of gadgets associated with equipping and furnishing dwelling areas. It got here to indicate movable gadgets and add-ons that decorate the capability and luxury of home environments. The time period "fixtures" first seemed withinside the English language withinside the sixteenth century.

The concept of furniture was first developed as early as 3100-2500 B.C. The first items created for household use were made of stone, as wood was not readily available during the Neolithic time period. Dressers, cupboards, and beds were among the first forms of furniture. One particular issue of fixtures is their capacity to form and replicate cultural and ancient narratives via design. Furniture serves as a visible illustration of the winning aesthetics, societal values, and technological improvements of a selected technology or culture. Each piece of fixture holds a tale inside its design, materials, and craftsmanship. From the ornate carvings and gilded gildings of Rococo fixtures in 18th-century Europe to the glossy traces and minimalist kinds of mid-century cutting-edge pieces, fixtures offer a tangible connection to the artistic, social, and technological tendencies of its time. Furthermore, fixtures frequently embody the cultural identity of a selected area or community. Traditional fixtures and patterns may be deeply rooted withinside the records and customs of a selected culture, reflecting particular craftsmanship techniques, symbolic motifs, and indigenous materials. For instance, the difficult lattice paintings of Moroccan Mashrabiya monitors or the stylish simplicity of Japanese shoji monitors now no longer handiest serve practical functions but additionally encapsulate the cultural history of their respective societies. Moreover, fixtures can act as a medium for self-expression and private identification. People frequently pick fixtures that align with their character tastes and preferences, reflecting their lifestyle, values, and aesthetics. This personalization of fixtures permits people to create particular residing areas that resonate with their very own identities and aspirations. By analyzing fixtures as greater than simply practical objects, we are able to benefit from insights into the ancient, cultural, and private dimensions of human experience. From the grand palaces and stately houses to humble dwellings and modern-day interiors, fixtures stay an effective device for storytelling, connecting us to our past, present, and future. The dresser was said to be the most important piece of furniture in the beginning, as they faced the entrance of each house in Neolithic society and often displayed carved artwork of symbolic objects. Over the years, especially in modern years, the concept of functional furniture in households exploded while keeping the artwork aspect that was displayed in the Neolithic period. This has made way for pieces in our culture that are both functional to our everyday lives and also a form of artwork that is pleasant to look at. The basic design of most furniture has remained the same for the most part though material and stability have become stronger and longer lasting with more of a focus on comfort and luxury in our modern lives.


Rhythm

Rhythm refers to the length of time between each major "beat", or accent, such as in a piece of music. It is the sequence of sounds and silences which make up the rhythm. The first beat of a group of regular, evenly spaced beats usually feels stronger than the others. When we write music down, we put each group in bars (or “measures”). 

Rhythms can have different patterns which can be clapped or tapped. In Western music, these patterns are common: 

A conductor will beat time. The rhythm will fit in to this regular beat.

All musicians have to have a good sense of rhythm. To play or sing rhythmically they must keep a steady beat in their head (if playing alone), listen to the others players (if playing in groups) or watch the conductor (if there is one).

People who are playing on their own can practise with a metronome to help them to play to a steady beat. However, musicians also use rubato (rhythmic freedom), especially when playing music of a romantic nature. One has to learn to let the music “breathe” in the right way. This is not the same as playing unrhythmically (badly). It is something one learns with experience.

Feeling the rhythm in music is basically human. A person who has a stroke may lose language, but not the sense of rhythm. Neurologist Oliver Sacks says that chimpanzees and other animals do not have a sense of rhythm.

The word "rhythm" is used in other topics than music. The heart usually beats rhythmically, and when it does not, that is a sign of a health problem. Rhythms may be about much longer time periods than a bar of music. Everything living is rhythmic relating to the 24-hour light-dark cycle on earth. The moon has its rhythms and the tides have theirs.

Sometimes the word rhythm is used in a more general sense to mean the general flow of music or of life in general ("the rhythm of life").

Necessary

If something is necessary, it is very important, otherwise something will be impossible, or it will not work as it should do. The opposite is unnecessary.


Something that is necessary is a necessity.
The "bare necessities of life" are things like food, clothes and shelter (things you need to keep alive).

Inheritance

Inheritance is the practice of passing on property, titles, debts, and duties when someone dies. Those things usually go to family members. People have had laws about inheritance for thousands of years. The question is often settled in a will.

If only sons and other male family members get the inheritance, it is called patrilineal inheritence. If only daughters and other female family members get the inheritance, it is called matrilineal succession. In some cases inheritance depends on legitimacy.

Cultural inheritance is called legacy. Genetic inheritance is called heredity. A kingdom may be inherited, and the person who is expected to inherit is called the heir apparent.

The person who gets the property and other things when someone dies is called the heir (male) or heiress (female).

Inheritance tax is a tax paid by a person who inherits money or property of someone who has died.

Consonant

All the letters in the alphabet are either consonants or vowels. A consonant is a speech sound in which the air is at least partly blocked, and any letter which represents this. Consonants may come singily (by themselves) or in clusters (two or more together), but must be connected to a vowel to form a syllable.

Notice that the consonant (C) and vowel (V) notation does not match the letters of English spelling in a one-to-one relationship (e.g. 'th' is one sound), but rather individual sounds.

Words with single consonants include:

Words with consonant clusters include:

Consonants have friction when they are spoken, mostly using the position of the tongue against the lips, teeth and roof of the mouth. "b" and "p" are "plosives", using the lips to produce a tiny sharp sound. Phonetics texts give more details, with diagrams. Consonants may be voiced or unvoiced. The th in "the" is voiced, but in "breath" is not.



Vowel

A vowel is a particular kind of speech sound made by changing the shape of the upper vocal tract, or the area in the mouth above the tongue. In English it is important to know that there is a difference between a vowel sound and a [letter] in the [alphabet]. In English there are five vowel letters in the alphabet.

The sounds of American English are written with letters in the English alphabet, as either vowels or consonants. All English words are written with vowel letters in them.

These letters are vowels in English:

It is said that Y is "sometimes" a vowel, because the letter Y represents both vowel and consonant sounds. In the words "cry", "sky", "fly", "my" and "why", letter Y represents the vowel sound /aɪ/. In words like "myth" and "synchronize", Y represents the vowel sound /ɪ/. In words like "only", "quickly", and "folly", Y represents the vowel sound /i/.

It can also be a consonant sound called a "glide" as in the beginning of these words: "yellow", "yacht", "yam", "yesterday". Y is a consonant about 2.5% of the time, and a vowel about 97.5% of the time.

The letter W can sometimes be the second part of a vowel sound as in words like such as "cow", "bow", or "how". In these words the vowel has the sound of /aʊ/. The letter W can be used as a consonant sound at the beginning of in the words "when", "where", "wet". In some languages, like Welsh, the letter W represents the vowel sound /ʊ/, like "cwm" (a kind of valley).

In written English the six vowel letters are used to represent the 13-15 vowel sounds (depending on the variety) in English. This means there are many more vowel sounds than letters in the English alphabet, and the English spelling systems doesn't always help us figure out what the English sounds are. This can be confusing.

Simple vowels are called monophthongs. The letters, like /ɪ/, are the IPA letters for each vowel sound in English. (The IPA is the International Phonetic Alphabet). In the IPA, each symbol represents a different sound, so using the IPA is helpful in pronouncing words.

Common monophthongs in English (these are for General American English) include:

Diphthongs are a combination of two different vowel sounds, one vowel sounds turns into another sound as you say them. If you pronounce the words below slowly, you can hear the two vowel sounds of the diphthongs.

Common diphthongs in English include:

Like other languages, there are many dialects of English, and different dialects often use different vowel sounds. But the IPA symbols can tell us which vowel sound a dialects uses. For example, some American English speakers differentiate between the vowels in the words "cot" and "caught", while in other dialects these words are homophones. People who study the differences between the dialects of English often study the different way vowel sounds are pronounced.

The difference between the way English is spelled and the way the words are pronounced came about because all languages change, so spoken English changes, but the spelling system does not.

The study of speech sounds is called phonetics.


F.C. United of Manchester

FC United are an English football team. They are from Manchester and were formed in 2005 by fans when Malcolm Glazer bought Manchester United.

FC United of Manchester play their home matches at Broadhurst Park, Moston, Manchester. They play in the National League North. They have a First team, Reserve team, Under-18s team, and Women's team.


Metronome

A metronome is a small device that can be used by people who are practising instruments to help them to play in time. It is also something a composer can use to show the performer what speed to play.

A traditional metronome works by clockwork. It has a pendulum which makes a loud tick as it goes to and fro, like the pendulum of a grandfather clock. It has to be wound up after a few minutes of ticking. There is a weight on the pendulum which can be slid up or down and set to a particular speed. There are numbers on the metronome to which you can set it. These numbers mean the number of ticks per minutes. A speed of 60 will make it tick 60 times a minute (i.e. every second). The numbers usually go from 40 (slow) to 208 (very fast). Nowadays many people use electronic metronomes. These are very accurate, do not need to be wound and often have other helpful things like an A to tune to (see musical tuning). Some of them are hardly bigger than a credit card.

The metronome was invented by Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel in Amsterdam in 1812. A man called Johann Maelzel copied Winkel’s ideas and improved them. He made a small, portable metronome which was patented in 1816. 

The metronome made it possible for a composer to show the performer what speed he wanted. If the composer writes at the top of his music: Crotchet (quarter note) = 76, for example, then the metronome can be set at 76 and it will tick at the right speed for that piece of music. Sometimes they write "MM76". The "MM" stands for "Maelzel's Metronome". Beethoven was the first composer to use metronome markings, but he often gave very fast speed indications, and some people wonder whether he made mistakes or whether his metronome worked properly.


Lübeck

Lübeck (, "Lübeek"; adjective: "lübsch", "lübisch", at the latest since the 19th century also "Lübeck", ) is a city in the North of Germany, in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.
About 210,000 people live there. There is a university there.

The city's full name is "Hansestadt Lübeck" (Hanseatic city of Lubeck) in memory of its history. It was an important part in the Hanseatic League. The architecture of the city and the region as well is influenced by this historic period. As the "Free City of Lübeck", the city was a state of the Weimar Republic. Other Hanseatic cities today are: Hamburg, Rostock, Wismar, Stralsund, Bremen, Greifswald and Demmin.

The most famous citizen is the author Günter Grass. He won the Nobel Prize in literature.

Luebeck has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Weimar

Weimar is a city in the middle of Germany, in the state of Thuringia. About 60,000 people live there. It has a university.

Most famous citizens in the past were the German poets Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller.

The city is well known for the Weimar Republic. It was founded in Weimar in 1919.

Augsburg

Augsburg ( , , ; ) is a city in the South of Germany, in the state of Bavaria. It has about 272,000 inhabitants and a university. It was founded in the Roman age. In the time of Renaissance (after the Middle Ages) a family of bankers, the Fuggers, became very rich and powerful in Augsburg.

The Protestant Augsburg Confession was made in 1530.

In 1555, a peace agreement called The Peace of Augsburg between Catholics and Protestants was signed in Augsburg.

Augsburg has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

Münster

Münster (Münster dialect: "Mönster", Dutch: "Munster", Frisian: "Múnster", , () is the historical capital of Westphalia and belongs now to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

About 270,000 people live there. There is an airport and a university.

Münster was very powerful in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. The Westphalian Peace was signed in Münster.

Nuremberg

Nuremberg ( ""; ]; East Franconian: "Närmberch" ]) is a city in the German "state" of Bavaria, in Middle Franconia. It is on the river Pegnitz and the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal and is Franconia's largest city. It is about north of Munich. As of June 2017, 530,771 people lived there.

From 1050 to 1571, the city became very important because it was on key trade routes. Many of the parliaments of the Holy Roman Empire (called the "Reichstage") met at Nuremberg Castle. The Diets of Nuremberg were an important part of the administrative structure of the empire. In 1219, Nuremberg became an Imperial Free City under Emperor Frederick II. This meant it was ruled by the Emperor, not one of the local lords or princes. It also meant that Nuremberg had a seat in the Imperial Parliament.

In 1298 there was a big "pogrom". Nearly 700 Jews were killed. The Jews lived near the river, and by getting rid of the Jews the northern and southern parts of the city could be linked together. This area is now the place of the City Market, Frauenkirche and Rathaus (City Hall).

In 1532, the Peace of Nuremberg, gave Lutherans important concessions. In 1632 during the Thirty Years' War, the Imperial general Albrecht von Wallenstein besieged King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden in the Siege of Nuremberg. The city became less important after this war, and only recovered in the nineteenth century, when it grew as an industrial centre.

At the beginning of the nineteenth century Nuremberg was practically bankrupt. In 1806 the Holy Roman Empire was dissolved, and Nuremberg became part of the Kingdom of Bavaria, and Bavaria took over the city's debts. The first German railway, from Nuremberg to nearby Fürth, was opened in 1835.

Nuremberg was very important during the Nazi Germany period. The Nazi Party held huge Nazi Party conventions – the Nuremberg rallies in the city.

The rallies were held every year from 1927 to 1938 in Nuremberg. After Hitler's rise to power in 1933 the Nuremberg rallies became huge state propaganda events, and a centre of anti-Semitism and other Nazi ideas. At one rally, Hitler passed the anti-Semitic (anti Jewish) Nuremberg Laws which took German citizenship away from all Jews. A number of buildings were built for the rallies, some of which were not finished.

Today many examples of Nazi architecture can still be seen in the city. The city was also the home of the Nazi propagandist Julius Streicher, the publisher of "Der Stürmer".

During World War II, Nuremberg was the headquarters of "Wehrkreis" (military district) XIII, and an important site for military production, including airplanes, submarines, and tank engines. A subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was here. A lot of the factories used slave labour.

The city was badly damaged in bombing World War II, especially between 1943 and 1945. On January 2, 1945, the medieval city centre was bombed by the Royal Air Force and the U.S. Air Force and about ninety percent of it was destroyed in only one hour, with 1800 residents killed and roughly 100,000 left homeless. In February 1945, more attacks followed. In total, about 6000 Nuremberg residents are estimated to have been killed in air raids. Despite this, the city was rebuilt after the war and was to some extent, restored to its pre-war appearance including the reconstruction of some of its medieval buildings.
Between 1945 and 1946, German officials involved in the Holocaust and other war crimes were taken in front of the International Military Tribunal in the Nuremberg Trials. The Soviet Union had wanted the trials to take place in Berlin, but Nuremberg was chosen as the site for the trials for specific reasons:

The same courtroom in Nuremberg was the venue of the Nuremberg Military Tribunals, organised by the United States as occupying power in the area.

Nuremberg city has 501,000 people. As of 2005, the urban area had 763,000 people (about 822,000 people as of 2008). Nuremberg metropolitan area has 1,205,000 people. Nuremberg is still associated with gingerbread ("Lebkuchen") products, sausages, and handmade toys. The first pocket watches, called "Nuremberg eggs", were made there in the sixteenth century. In the nineteenth century Nuremberg became the "industrial heart" of Bavaria with companies such as Siemens and MAN.

Things made in the area include electrical equipment, mechanical and optical products, motor vehicles, and printed materials.

Siemens is still the largest industrial employer in the Nuremberg region but a third of German market research agencies is also in the city.

The Nuremberg International Toy Fair is the largest of its kind in the world. The city also hosts several specialist hi-tech fairs every year, attracting experts from every corner of the glob

Nuremberg was an early center of humanism, science, printing, and mechanical invention.

The city contributed much to the science of astronomy. In 1471 Johannes Mueller of Königsberg (Bavaria), later called Regiomontanus, built an astronomical observatory in Nuremberg and published many important astronomical charts. In 1515, Albrecht Dürer, a native of Nuremberg, mapped the stars of the northern and southern hemispheres, producing the first printed star charts, which had been ordered by Johann Stabius. Around 1515 Dürer also published the "Stabiussche Weltkarte", the first perspective drawing of the terrestrial globe. Perhaps most famously, the main part of Nicolaus Copernicus' work was published in Nuremberg in 1543.

Printers and publishers have a long history in Nuremberg. Many of these publishers worked with well-known artists of the day to produce books that could also be considered works of art. In 1470 Anton Koberger opened Europe's first print shop in Nuremberg. In 1493, he published the "Nuremberg Chronicles", also known as the "World Chronicles" ("Schedelsche Weltchronik"), an illustrated history of the world from the creation to the present day. It was written in the local Franconian dialect by Hartmann Schedel and had illustrations by Michael Wohlgemuth, Wilhelm Pleydenwurff, and Albrecht Dürer. Others furthered geographical knowledge and travel by map making. Notable among these was navigator and geographer Martin Behaim, who made the first world globe.

Sculptors such as Veit Stoss and Peter Vischer are also associated with Nuremberg.

Composed of prosperous artisans, the guilds of the Meistersingers flourished here. Richard Wagner made their most famous member, Hans Sachs, the hero of his opera "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg". Baroque composer Johann Pachelbel was born here and was organist of Saint Sebald church.

Nuremberg is also famous for its Christmas market, which draws well over a million shoppers each year.

The southern part of the old town, known as Lorenzer Seite, is separated from the north by the river Pegnitz and surrounded by the city walls on the south.

Nuremberg was the first city in Germany to have a railway, and today Nuremberg Central Station is a stop for IC and ICE trains on the German long-distance railway network. Trains on the Nuremberg – Ingolstadt – Munich High-Speed line travel at up to 300-km/h. The line opened on May 28, 2006. It meant travel times to Munich were reduced to as little as one hour.

In Nuremberg there are subways, suburban trains, trams and buses.

Worldwide, Nuremberg is twinned with the following cities:




Military–industrial complex

The military–industrial complex refers to the relationship between the government, the military, and the businesses that make things for the military. For example, the businesses can give money to politicians in elections. Then, politicians give more money to the military. Then, the military buys things from the businesses. Each group gains something, so they try to keep doing the same thing.

The term was invented in the United States. However, most countries have politicians and soldiers and people who make weapons and other military supplies; thus they have a military-industrial complex.

When there is a military-industrial complex, problems can happen. The government can become corrupt. A business might want the country to be at war because they make more money during war than during times of peace.

President of the United States Dwight D. Eisenhower used the term in his farewell speech—the last speech he gave while he was the President. He said, "we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex." This was a warning. It means that people should be careful or the military-industrial complex will get too much power.

Today, the term is used a lot by people writing and talking about politics. Especially when the subject is militarism in the United States. It also appears in discussions about private military companies—businesses that commonly employ soldiers who have left the military.


Organization

Organization (British English: Organisation) is the idea of putting things together in a logical order. The verb is "to organize".

An organization is a group of people who work together. Organizations exist because people working together can achieve more than a person working alone. 

To make sure people work together, organizations usually have leaders. 

[Business]
[Charitable organization]
[International organization]
[NGO]

Heidelberg

Heidelberg () is a city by the Neckar river in the south-west of Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg.

It has about 150,000 inhabitants. It has a well-known university. The old town and the castle of Heidelberg are well-known tourist attractions of Germany.

Heidelberg has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).


Göttingen

Göttingen is a city in Germany.
It is in the state of Lower Saxony.
Göttingen is known worldwide for its university.

Göttingen is on the Leine river.
The city is in the valley of the Leine river.
There are mountains to the west and east of Göttingen.

Göttingen is near a center of Germany.
There are many methods to calculate the center of a country.
Göttingen is about west-south-west of the center of Germany.
This center’s location is calculated by the 3D-model of Germany.

There live about 130,000 people in Göttingen.
There are about 30,000 university students.
The university and its hospital are a big employer.
Because of this, almost one third of people in Göttingen are there because of the university.

In Germany people must be allowed to stay.
In 2020, 29.2% of the people allowed to live in Göttingen had a migration background.

The most known sight is a water spring.
The spring has a bronze statue.
The statue is a girl.
She carries three geese.
The sight is called .
It is located on a square.
The square is in front of the old city hall.

There are many places of worship.
There are many churches.
There are also synagogues.

Göttingen is next to the autobahn number 7.
Göttingen has a train station.
Many high-speed trains stop at the train station.

Today, there is no airport.
During Nazi Germany there was an airport.
The airport was for small planes.

Many people use a bicycle.
There are many bicycle paths.
On some streets bicycles have priority.

Trevor Hemmings

Trevor James Hemmings CVO (11 June 1935 – 11 October 2021) was a British billionaire businessman. He lived in the Isle of Man.

Hemmings owned several race horses and the holiday company Pontins. He also owned Littlewoods, Blackpool Tower and had a £150 million stake in Scottish and Newcastle.

One of Hemmings' horses, "Hedgehunter", won the 2005 Grand National at Aintree.

Hemmings died on 11 October 2021, at the age of 86.

Karlsruhe

Karlsruhe (South Franconian: "Kallsruh", Alemannic German: "Karlsrueh" or "Chaarlsruei") is a city in the south-west of Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.

As of 2016, Karlsruhe has about 308,000 people.

The city lies on the eastern shore of the Rhine River and has a technical university.

France is close by, on the other side of the Rhine River, a few kilometers to the south.

Karlsruhe is the seat of the Bundesverfassungsgericht (Federal Constitutional Court of Germany). 

The city was the capital of the former "Grand Duchy of Baden". 

<br>


Wuppertal

Wuppertal is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is next to Düsseldorf.

Wuppertal has about 360,000 inhabitants. It has a university.

A well-known tourist attraction is the Wuppertal Schwebebahn, a tram hanging about above ground.

Bielefeld

Bielefeld (; ) is a city in northwest Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bielefeld has about 327,000 people living there. It has a university.

Maastricht

Maastricht (Limburgish: "Mestreech") is a municipality in the south of the Netherlands. It is the capital city of the province of Limburg.
About 120,000 people live there.
Maastricht has an airport and a university (Maastricht University).

The first settlement in that region was founded in the Stone age about 25000 years ago, the first permanent settlement was founded by the Celts about 500 B.C. Maastricht got City Rights in 1204. Since 1815, after the Napoleonic Wars, Maastricht belongs to the Netherlands. The European Contract of 1992 was signed in Maastricht, the so-called Treaty of Maastricht.

The first settlement was about 25000 years ago. Real permanent settlements (and not just hunter gatherers) were founded at least as early as 5000 B.C. 4000 years after that, the Celts built a settlement in Maastricht. They presumably worshipped a "River God". A Roman city was built around 0 AD, making Maastricht the oldest city of the Netherlands (together with Nijmegen). In this time, Maastricht was called "Trajectum ad Mosam". This means "Road across the Maas". A Roman bridge in Maastricht connected the west with the east, making Maastricht a very strategic point. This bridge - located at Eksterstraat - collapsed in the 13th century, and was replaced by the famous St. Servaas bridge.

In the early middle-ages Maastricht was very important in the spreading of Christianity in the Netherlands. In the 4th century, the bishop St. Servaas was the first bishop in the Netherlands, and the Onze Lieve Vrouwekerk (which also is the oldest still standing building in the Netherlands) could be described as the root of Christianity in the Netherlands. Servaas' remains are still kept in Maastricht in a tomb.

Maastricht received its City Rights fairly early, in 1204. It was of strategic importance during the Eighty Years War and the Napoleonic Wars. Therefore, Maastricht has two forts; "Fort St. Pieter" and "Fort St. Jan". Maastricht also had city walls. Remains of those walls can still be seen today (notably the "Helpoort" is one the few still standing City Ports).
In the beginning of the 20th century, Maastricht was an industrial city, with many factory's. Jan Pieter Minckeleers - a scientist from Maastricht - was the first to discover Coal Gas, making the first city lights available. In 1940, Maastricht was conquered by the German forces. However, many paintings were hidden in the caves at Sint Pietersberg - a steep hill in the south-west of Maastricht. Even De Nachtwacht was hidden there. Maastricht was liberated on 14 September 1944. In 1992 Maastricht was the host-city for the 1992 European Treaty, where the EU was officially formed and a decision was made about the Euro.

Maastricht is located on both sites of the river Maas in the south-east of The Netherlands and the south-west of the province of Limburg. Maastricht lies in a valley, the Maasvalley, so hills surround the city. On the south-west of the city, the famous "St. Pietersberg" is located. On the western edge of the city, there is no space between the city and the Belgian border. On the east, is the "Savelsbos" (a forest). Neighbouring municipality's are Eijsden and Visé (B) in the south, Lanaken (B) and Riemst (B) in the west, Meerssen and Valkenburg in the north, and Margraten in the east.

The city can easily be reached. There is a highway (A2; E25) running from the south to the north (within the Netherlands, this highway runs from Eijsden to Amsterdam). Another highway also begins in Maastricht, the A79 (going to the east). Maastricht has two train stations ("Maastricht" and "Maastricht Randwyck"). Trains are going to Amsterdam, Heerlen, Roermond, and Brussels (B). Plans are made to re-establish the old train route to Lanaken (B). If this connections is to be made again, Maastricht will be accessible from all directions by train.

A few kilometres north of Maastricht, is the Maastricht Aachen Airport. That's the second airport of The Netherlands. 
Maastricht is divided into many areas. The areas "Heer", "Amby", "St. Pieter", and "Wolder" used to be individual villages, but are now (for a few decades) part of Maastricht. According to the Dutch central bureaus of statistics ("Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek; CBS"), Maastricht can be divided into seven larger districts. These are:



Tourism

History

Higher education and research

Other

Utrecht (city)

Utrecht is a municipality in the Netherlands. It is the capital of the Province of Utrecht and lies in the midst of both the country and the province. About 358,000 were living there in 2020, which makes Utrecht the fourth-largest city in the Netherlands.

Utrecht is an important public transport junction, especially concerning the railways. It contains the largest university of the Netherlands called Utrecht University.

One of the main sights is the Domkerk, a cathedral that was built between 1321 and 1382. In of a storm in 1674, part of the cathedral was destroyed. This part was never rebuilt, so now the tower is separate from the rest of the church.

Utrecht is the main seat of the Roman Catholic Church in the Netherlands, the archbishop resides here.


Groningen (city)

Groningen is a municipality in the north of the Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of Groningen. It has about 233,000 inhabitants (2021) and a university, called the University of Groningen.

Since 2019, Haren and Ten Boer have been part of the municipality of Groningen.



Eindhoven

Eindhoven is a municipality in the south of the Netherlands. It is in the Noord-Brabant province. It has about 236,000 inhabitants (2021) and a well-known football team called P.S.V. Eindhoven.


Nijmegen

Nijmegen is a city in Gelderland in the east of the Netherlands. It has about 177,000 inhabitants (2021) and a university, called Radboud University Nijmegen.

Leiden

Leiden is a municipality in South Holland in the Netherlands. It has about 120,000 inhabitants and a very old university (Leiden University).

Apeldoorn

Apeldoorn is a city in Gelderland in the Netherlands. It has about 160,000 inhabitants. The Het Loo Palace is in Apeldoorn. This was summer home of the Dutch Royal family.

Tilburg

Tilburg is a city in the south of the Netherlands. About 222,000 people live there (2021).

Tilburg is famous for its Schrobbeler, an alcoholic drink.

Tilburg University is in Tilburg.


Zwolle, Netherlands

Zwolle is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 130,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies where the Vecht river flows into the IJssel river, on the eastern side of last one.

It lies also in the regions of Salland and IJsselvallei, and is the capital of Overijssel province.

Zwolle got city rights in 1230 and joined the Hanseatic League in 1294.


Haiphong

Haiphong is a city in the north of Vietnam.
It has about 400,000 inhabitants and a marine harbor.
About 1,700,000 people live in the district of Haiphong.
Haiphong is 120 km away from Hanoi, Vietnam's capital, around 60 km away from Ha Long Bay, a popular tourist site, and very close to Cat Ba Island.

Haiphong is Vietnam's third most populated city, with only Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City having more people. It is one of five municipalities of Vietnam, meaning it is a city with the same status as a province.

Haiphong Port is the busiest seaport in northern Vietnam. The city has an international airport, Cat Bi Airport, which was used as an airbase for the North Vietnamese Army during the Vietnam War.

Oldenburg (city)

Oldenburg (Low Saxon: "Ollnborg", Low Saxon spelling: "Ollenborg") is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Lower Saxony. It was formerly the capital of the old Grand Duchy of Oldenburg. 

It has about 160,000 inhabitants. It has a university.

Braunschweig

Braunschweig () is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Lower Saxony.
It was probably founded in the 9th century. About 245,000 people live there. It has a technical university.

Kos

Kos is a Greek island, belonging to the Dodecanese island group in the Aegean Sea. 

About 30,000 people live on Kos, 16,000 of them in the island capital Kos City in the west of the island.
There is an international airport near Antimachia in the middle of the island and a sea harbour in Kos City.
Kos Island's main industry is tourism. About 300,000 tourists take rooms on Kos every year and a lot of tourists take a one-day trip to Kos from neighboring islands or the Turkish coast. 17 km overseas lies Bodrum, Turkey.

People have lived on Kos since the 15th century BC, maybe longer.
Until the 4th century BC the capital of the island was in the west of it, near Kefalos. After an earthquake it moved to Kos City.
Later the Hellenics, then the Romans and the Byzantines got the island.
The Knights of St. John built great forts on Kos, in Kos City and near Antimachia.
The Turkish took over Kos in 1523.
From 1912 to 1943 the Dodecanese islands belonged to Italy, from 1943 to 1945 to the Germans, and from 1945 to 1946 the British ruled them. Since 1946 they belong to Greece.

The most important tourist attraction is the Askelepsion, an old temple for the Greek god Askelapsios. It was built between the 5th and the 1st century BC.
The physician Hippocrates was from Kos.


Crete

Crete is the largest of the Greek islands. It separates the Aegean Sea from the rest of the Mediterranean Sea.

Like the Fertile Crescent, Crete had rich soil, a warm climate, and plenty of water. With less time spent fighting to live, the Cretans began to make complicated things. From the wild crocus flowers which covered their island, the Cretans collected saffron used in yellow dye, in food, and in medicine. From the Egyptians, they received rich cloth and jewels. From the Hittites, they learned how to use iron. From the wealthy Lydians, they learned to use money. From Phoneicia, the Cretans received the alphabet which is used today.

In various later centuries the island was ruled in turn by ancient Greeks, Romans, Arabs, Venetians, Turks, and modern Greeks. 

Cretans chose kings to rule over them for seven years each. The king was known as "Minos", and the people "Minoans". The capital of Crete was Knossos (nos' us). Beautiful friezes (decorating bands) were on the walls. The symbol of the double-ax was used, and is thought to represent the power of a king. The throne was only a seat with a high back, and the nobles had only benches to sit on. However, the benches were covered with red and white plaster. On the walls were painted fish, dolphins, and seaweed. The queen had her own private staircase so she could go upstairs without bothering the men. Several rooms in the palace had jars which were six feet tall, and were used to keep wheat, oil, dye and other things.

On Crete the Minoan Culture started 4700 years ago. The palace of Knossos is well-known and is a labyrinth. Visitors were lost in the labyrinth unless they used a string behind them to find their way back. In this place, it was said that a Minotaur, half bull and half man, lived. Every year seven young men and seven girls were sacrificed to the Minotaur. Many scholars think sacrifices to a bull were made because the Cretans thought the sound of an earthquake was an angry bull.

The Cretans also worshiped the Great Mother Cybele, or Snake Goddess. Often, her picture was carved in statues with gold decorations and with snakes curled around the arms. Snakes were thought to protect houses, so each home had a special room for snakes. Sometimes a little table with grooves cut into it was put in a comfortable place so snakes could sip some milk from a cup.

The Cretans loved games, food, athletics, music, and beautiful clothes. They were the first people to build stone theaters where many people were amused by parades and music. Girls could even help bullfighters. In bullfighting, the Minoans did not kill the bull, but the male fighter had to grab the horns of an attacking bull, throw himself on the back of the animal, and then land on the ground; the girl helped the bullfighter keep his balance.

Women wore long, full skirts with very tiny waists, complicated hairstyles, and lots of jewelry. The men wore small belts around their waists. They shaved with stones, rubbed their teeth with pumice stone, and had their body hair burnt by a barber.

The Cretans ate fish, birds, and beef. They had barley cooked in many ways and ate lots of cheese, nuts, and honey. They thought only uncivilized people drank cow's milk, so they drank goat's milk instead. The Cretans sang, played games, and guessed riddles. Even though they ate with their fingers, they had the food cut into tiny pieces before it was served.

The Cretans were peaceful people without fortifications to protect them from an attack. In about 1450 B.C., the Greek Mycenaeans captured Crete, after Knossos, Crete's capital, had been shaken by an earthquake.

Rhodes

Rhodes is a Greek island, belonging to the Dodecanese island group. In Greek it is called "Rhodos".

The largest cities are Rhodes City in the north and Lindos in the south-east.
About 125,000 people live on Rhodes. It has an international airport in Paradisi in the north, near to Rhodes (city). 

First settlement were on Rhodes at the 16th century before Christ.
Rhodes was an important Fort for the Knights of St. John in their war against the Turkish invasion. In 1644 the Turkish occupied Rhodes.

1912 Italy won the Dodecanese from Turkey, 1943 Germany took them over, 1945 the British. Since 1946 the islands have belonged to Greece.

Rhodes lives mostly on tourism industry now.

During antiquity, Rhodes was an ancient Greek state. Rhodes' people belonged to the Greek race of Dorians. In those days there were three important towns in the island - Lindos, Kameiros and Ialysos. Later, during the fourth century B.C., Rhodes city was founded. Between the third and first century B.C. Rhodes was a powerful state. 

In the first century, Rhodes was conquered by the Romans. Later it came under Byzantine rule. In the Middle Ages, it was conquered by the Knights of St. John, who were crusaders. They built the big castles in the city of Rhodes. Later, it came under Turkish rule, Italian rule and in the year 1946 was united with Greece.

Tenerife

Tenerife is one of the seven Canary Islands. It is part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the capital of the province being on the island. The other province in the Canary Islands is Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. With 899.833 inhabitants, Tenerife is the most populated island of the Canary Islands and the second most populated island of Spain (after Mallorca).

The flag adopted by the island is that of a white St Andrew's cross on a navy blue background this is due to St Andrew being the patron saint of the island. 

Geologically it grew up from a volcano, the Teide. This volcano has had many violent eruptions over its very long history, the most recent of those eruptions took place in 1909.
Island capital is Santa Cruz de Tenerife, other important cities are Puerto de la Cruz, La Orotava, Arona, Adeje and San Cristóbal de La Laguna, all in the north of the island. Also important town of Candelaria, where they worship the patron saint of the Canary Islands, the Virgin of Candelaria.

The island is currently dependent on the tourism industry for much of its income.

Tenerife has two international airports, one in the south near the centres of tourism in Playa de Las Americas, Costa Adeje and Los Cristianos, and one in the north near Santa Cruz, which is where the world's worst plane disaster happened on March 27, 1977. Two Boeing 747 planes collided on the runway and killed 583 people.

The biggest tourist attractions are the volcano Teide (top is more than 3,000 m above sea level) and the Loro Parque in Puerto de la Cruz.

Mallorca

Majorca (or Mallorca) is a Spanish island in the Mediterranean Sea. It is the largest of the Balearic Islands. About 869,067 people (as of January 1, 2010) live on Mallorca, making it the most populated island of Spain. Palma de Mallorca is the capital of Mallorca. Palma has a population of 375,000. Mallorca has one international airport, one university and its own subway. The economy of the island depends on the tourism industry.

Other important cities in Mallorca are Calvià (43.499), Manacor (35.908), Llucmajor (29.891), Marratxí (28.237), Inca (26.504), Felanitx (16.566), Pollença (15.987), Alcúdia (15.897) and Sóller (12.521).

Huế

Huế is a city and a district in Central Vietnam. About 200,000 people live in the city of Huế. From 1802 to 1945 Huế was the capital city of Vietnam under the Nguyen Dynasty. Today people can visit the Imperial City, where the Nguyen emperors lived and ruled, and the tombs of the Nguyen emperors. Huế has an Medicinical University and is the seat of an archebishop.

The city is famous for food that is unique to the city, especially the dish Bún bò Huế.

It was also the place where the Battle of Huế was fought, which was one of the longest and deadliest battles in the Vietnam War.

Nha Trang

Nha Trang (no diacritics) is a city with about 350,000 inhabitants in the middle south of Vietnam. Its name is spelled with no diacritics in the Vietnamese language. It lives on tourism and fishing industry.

Da Nang

Da Nang is the biggest city in Central Vietnam and the fourth largest city in Vietnam. It has about 870,000 people (2010). The city is built by the Han River (Vietnam) and Vietnam's central coast.

Nearby is Hoi An, a popular tourist town, and Hue, Vietnam's former capital. It is connected to Hue by the Hai Van Pass, a well-known national highway and popular tourist spot.

It is a popular city for tourism, both in-country and international, because of its beaches.

Its airport, Da Nang International Airport, used to also be used as airbase to fight against North Vietnam and the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War.

The city was a part of Quang Nam province until 1997, when the Vietnamese government decided to make the city its own municipality, or an area directly ruled by the central government. Today, it is one of Vietnam's five municipalities. The other municipalities are Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Haiphong, and Can Tho.

Da Nang Port is Vietnam's third largest port and the largest port in Central Vietnam. Since it is close to the ocean and since there is little farmland, the city's economy makes much more money from fishing than from farming.

Popular tourist attractions include the Ba Na Hills, the Golden Bridge, the Da Nang Sun Wheel, the Marble Mountains, and the Dragon Bridge.

Special food and drinks include mì Quảng noodles, bánh xèo, bún chả cá, snails, avocado ice cream, and coconut coffee. Food from Hue and Hoi An are also popular in Danang.

Rostock

Rostock ( ]) is a city in the northeast of Germany. It is in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

Rostock has over 200,000 people (204,260 in December 2011). It has an old university (founded in 1419). The town is on the river Warnow. The mayor is Roland Methling. The city today has the name "Hansestadt" (Hanseatic city) in memory of its history, where it has been an important part of the Hanseatic League. The architecture of the city and the region is influenced by this historic period.

Rostock is on the Baltic Sea. It has an important harbor. A district of the city, Warnemünde, is famous for its long beaches. It has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

The most important football club of Rostock is F.C. Hansa Rostock. It is in the German Bundesliga.

Other major Hanseatic cities today are: Hamburg, Lübeck, Wismar, Stralsund, Bremen, Greifswald and Demmin.

Ingolstadt

Ingolstadt ( , ; Bavarian: "Inglstod" ] or "Ingoistod", Latin: "Auripolis") is a city in the German state of Bavaria near Munich. It is on the Danube river and has about 127,000 inhabitants.

In 1472, Bavaria's first university was founded in Ingolstadt. The Bavarian "Reinheitsgebot", a regulation about the purity of beer, was started there in 1516. The car manufacturer Audi has its main base in Ingolstadt.

Ingolstadt is also the setting of Mary Shelley's famous novel "Frankenstein".

Jena

Jena is a city in the middle of Germany, in the state of Thuringia. About 103,000 people live there. Jena has a university called Friedrich Schiller University.

Jena is partly in the middle hall valley between from mixed woodlands covered shelly limestone and sandstone slopes (geological phenomena are among other things the devil holes and the student chute). On them, numerous partially rare Orchideenarten occurs. From north to south Jena is wide, and from east to west . The following larger cities are close to Jena: Gera, approx. east, Erfurt, approx. west, Weimar, approx. west, Naumburg (Saale), approx. northeast, is (Saale), to approx. northeast, Leipzig, approx. northeast and Chemnitz, approx. east, Rudolstadt, approx. south.


Paderborn

Paderborn (, "Paterboärn") is a city in the middle west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The name of the city derives from the river Pader and "born", an old German term for the source of a river. The river Pader originates in more than 200 springs near Paderborn Cathedral.
It has about 150,338 inhabitants and a university.

Paderborn has a football club in the first men's league in Germany (SC Paderborn 07) and a basketball team in the 2nd German league (Paderborn Baskets).

Pope John Paul II visited Paderborn in 1996 and Pope Leo III visited Paderborn in 799.

Paderborn has got a very big cathedral. It was built by Charlemagne ("Karl der Große").

Darmstadt

Darmstadt is a city in Germany, in the state of Hesse. It has about 140,000 inhabitants and a university. The chemical element named darmstadtium is named after the city.


Kassel

Kassel is a city in Germany, in the state of Hessen.

It has about 195,000 inhabitants and a university.

Every 5 years there is an international arts exhibition "documenta" in Kassel. The best football team KSV Hessen Kassel plays in the Regionalliga, the fourth Division in Germany.

His Holiness

His Holiness "(short form "HH")" is the official title to address (name) a leader of a religion. Catholics refer to the Pope using this style, while Buddhists use this when talking about the Tibetan Lamaist leader, the Dalai Lama.

Cottbus

Cottbus (Low Sorbian: "Chóśebuz", Upper Sorbian: "Choćebuz") is a city in the east of Germany, in the state of Brandenburg.
Cottbus has about 105,000 inhabitants and is the second largest city after Potsdam in Brandenburg. It lies southeast of Berlin on the River Spree. There are two universities, the Brandenburgische Technische Universität (BTU) and the Hochschule Lausitz.


 

Mönchengladbach

Mönchengladbach (Low Franconian: "Jlabbach", "Jelabbach") is a city in the very west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
It is 35 km from Düsseldorf and 15 km from the Netherlands away.
It has about 260,000 inhabitants and a well-known soccer team, Borussia Mönchengladbach.

Regensburg

Regensburg ( ]; Czech: "Řezno", ]; "Rengschburg" or "Rengschbuach" ]) is a city in the south of Germany, in the east of the state of Bavaria.
It has about 138,000 inhabitants and a university.

Konrad of Megenberg died in the city in 1374.

Mannheim

Mannheim (; or ) is a city in the southwest of Germany. It is in the northwest of the German state of Baden-Württemberg.

The city was built in the Rhine River valley where the Rhine and the Neckar Rivers meet. The city of Ludwigshafen is on the opposite bank of the Rhine. Mannheim and Ludwigshafen together with Heidelberg and other cities make a big area called "Rhine-Neckar-Area" or "Rhein-Neckar Triangle". Nearly 2.4 million people live in this area.

As of 2020, 309,720 people live in the city. Mannheim is the biggest city in "Rhine-Neckar-Area". It has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Mannheim has universities. The city has a history of important transport inventions. The first automobile, tractor and bicycle (draisine or velocipede, as the earliest recognisable bicycles were called) were all made or presented for the first time in Mannheim. This is why the city is also called the "city of inventions". The "Forbes" magazine ranked Mannheim 11th of the most inventive cities worldwide.

During World War II almost all of the old city was destroyed. The houses were built again after the war. Year 2007 was the city's 400th birthday.

Mannheim is now an important city because of its business power and culture. The "New Economy Magazine" praised Mannheim's positive economic and innovative environment.

It has very good transport connections, by road, rail and water.

The following list shows significant groups of foreigners by nationalities. 44,7% of all Mannheim inhabitants are from foreign descent. The population of Neckarstadt-West district is the most foreign (68.9%). The population of the Wallstadt district is the least foreign (23,1%).

Mannheim had a gross domestic product (GDP) of €20.921 billion in 2018. This makes it 17th on the list of German cities by GDP.

It is the economic centre of the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region. This is one of Germany's most important business locations.

Mannheim is twinned with:


Kaiserslautern

Kaiserslautern (; ) is a city in the southwest of Germany, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It has about 100,000 inhabitants, a university and a well-known soccer team.

Dordrecht

Dordrecht is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province South Holland.

Dordrecht was founded in 1047 and got its City Rights in 1220. It was the first city in the west of the Netherlands to get City Rights.
In 1572 the Dutch Dukes under Willem van Oranien declared their independence from Spain in Dordrecht.

Dordrecht has about 120,000 inhabitants. It has a marine harbor, metal and food industry.

's-Hertogenbosch

's-Hertogenbosch () is a municipality in the Netherlands, and also the capital of the province of North Brabant. It is in the southern Netherlands, south of Amsterdam.

In 2015, Maasdonk became a part to 's-Hertogenbosch.


Razorlight

Razorlight are an Anglo-Swedish indie rock band. They formed in 2002. 

Razorlight are best known for the songs "Golden Touch", "Somewhere Else" and "In the Morning".


Gran Canaria

Gran Canaria is one of the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean.
The capital and biggest city is Las Palmas de Gran Canaria in the north of the island. Economical centre (tourism) of the island is in the south. Gran Canaria is the second most populous island of the Canary Islands, after Tenerife.

Gran Canaria lives - like most of the Canary Islands - mainly on tourism, although Las Palmas does have one of the most important ports in the Atlantic.
The touristic centres Maspalomas and Playa del Ingles in the south are especially popular. 
The climate varies very little through the year. Gran Canaria is very popular for its party tourism. 

The international airport is farther north.

The administration of the Canary Islands is shared between Tenerife and Gran Canaria.

Bremerhaven

Bremerhaven (Low German: "Bremerhoben") is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Bremen. It is where the rivers Weser and Geeste meet.

Bremerhaven has more than 115,000 people. It lives mostly on its marine industry. The city was founded in 1827.

A city called Geestemünde was founded in 1847 as a "rival" of Bremerhaven. Some villages around Bremerhaven are older.
Geestemünde and Lehe were joined together in 1927 to Wesermünde. Wesermünde and Bremerhaven were unified in 1939 to Wesermünde. After the Second World War the city was called Bremerhaven.

Bremerhaven was one of the important harbours of emigration in Europe. In 2005 a museum of emigration opened in Bremerhaven (the "Deutsches Auswanderhaus").

Bremerhaven has a railway station Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof that opened in 1914. It was in Geestemünde in 1862. It was the first railway station in the area.

Bremerhaven has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).


Jamie Oliver

Jamie Oliver MBE (James Trevor Oliver, born 27 May 1975) is a British celebrity chef, restaurateur, and media personality. He is known for his television shows, cookbooks and restaurants. He has highlighted the need for improved cooking in schools and hospitals.

Oliver was born in the village of Clavering in Essex, where he still lives. His parents run a bar/restaurant where he practised cooking as a youngster.

He was educated in Newport Free Grammar School. He graduated at the age of sixteen with two GCSE qualifications in geology and art. He went on to attend the Westminster Catering College, which is now known as the Westminster Kingsway College. From there he earned what is known as a City & Guilds NVQ (National Vocational Qualification) in home economics.

Oliver’s first job was a pastry chef at Antonio Carluccio’s Neal’s Yard Restaurant, where he prepared his first Italian cuisine therefore gaining good, helpful experience. He also developed a great relationship with his mentor Gennaro Contaldo. Later on in his career, he offered Contaldo an employment where he could help run Oliver’s thriving selection of High Street restaurants, Jamie’s Italian. Then Oliver became a sous chef of The River Café in Fulham.

In 2005, Oliver started his 'school dinners' campaign to improve the quality of food fed to pupils in schools. At the time it was a controversial shake-up for students and parents, Many of whom preferred food from fast food outlets ("junk food"). Some thought the students should have a healthy option available, but still be allowed to choose what they wanted to eat.

In a four-part documentary TV series Oliver ran the kitchen meals in Kidbrooke School, Greenwich, for a year. He was disgusted by the unhealthy food being served to schoolchildren, and the lack of healthy alternatives on offer. His campaign to improve the standard of Britain’s school meals eventually persuaded the British Government to spend £280m on school dinners.


Neuss

Neuss (Low Franconian and Ripuarian: "Nüüs", (; officially apelled "Neuß" until 1968) is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. In the local dialect it is called "Nüss" or Neuß. Neuss has about 150,000 inhabitants. It is on the Rhine, across from the big city of Düsseldorf.

Neuss was founded by the Romans about 2,000 years ago. The Romans called the town "Castra Novesia".

Oberhausen

Oberhausen (Ripuarian: "Ovverhouse", Low German: "Owerhuusen", "Overhus") is a city in Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in the Ruhr Area. Oberhausen has about 220,000 inhabitants. It was dominated by industry like most towns in the Ruhr Area. The city hosts the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen.

Giessen

Gießen or Giessen is a city in the German state of Hesse.

It is north of Frankfurt. Giessen has about
73,000 inhabitants. The university of Giessen has about 20,000 students.

The German word "Giessen" means "to pour" in English, as "to pour a glass of water." The city is on the banks of the Lahn River, and it is surrounded by many lakes and streams.


Universities in Gießen are the "University of Gießen" and the "University of Applied Sciences Gießen-Friedberg"

Ludwigshafen

Ludwigshafen am Rhein (literally: "Ludwigshafen on the Rhine"), commonly referred to as "Ludwigshafen", is a City in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. After Mannheim it is the second largest city of the Metropolregion Rhein-Neckar.

Ludwigshafen is independent of the local district government, but is the administrative seat of the surrounding district.

Ludwigshafen lies on the west bank of the Rhine River. 

As one of the five upper centers of the country Rhineland-Palatinate Ludwigshafen forms the core of the European Metropolregion Rhine Neckar triangle together with its neighbour city in Baden-Wuerttemberg, Mannheim. Large cities nearby are Heidelberg (about 25 km southeast), Karlsruhe (about 50 km south) and Mainz (about 60 km north).

The number of people of the city of Ludwigshafen on the Rhine was more than 100,000 by the year 1925. Nowadays it has about 160,000 people. The chemical industry is big in the city.



Krefeld

Krefeld (until November 25, 1925 - "Crefeld") is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, near Düsseldorf.

Krefeld has about 235,000 inhabitants.

Zwickau

Zwickau (Thurginian-Upper Saxon dialect: "Zwigge") is a city in the German state of Saxony. It has fewer than 100,000 inhabitants.

Anton Praetorius

Anton Praetorius (1560 in Lippstadt – 6 December 1613 near Heidelberg) was a German Calvinist pastor, theologian and writer.

Anton Praetorius was the son of Matthes Schulze. He later changed his name to "Praetorius". 
Praetorius wrote a poem about the Heidelberg Wine Barrel in the Heidelberg Castle in city of Heidelberg in October 1595.

In 1596 he worked as a pastor in the church in Birstein near Frankfurt am Main in Hesse. There Praetorius worked for a prince and wrote church songs and books of religion in the year 1597.

Praetorius fought against torture and against the hunting of witches. Some women were accused of being witches. People thought that witches can do harm to others. So these women were arrested and put in prison.

In 1597 Anton Praetorius protested against the torture of women accused of witchcraft.
Praetorius was so shocked about the torture of the accused woman that he demanded a stop. His protest was successful.

In 1598 he wrote a book to protest against torture and the prosecution of witches. The book was published again in 1602, 1613 and in 1629. Praetorius described the terrible situation of the prisoners and protested against torture.

Praetorius was a Protestant minister. He believed that man can do either good or bad things. However, God chooses certain people to do certain things. Those things can be good or bad. According to Praetorius, witchcraft can only be a fall from the favour of God, and a pact with the devil. But, neither the devil nor sorcerers can do more than is in their nature (and predestination). God will punish those who are witches or sorcerers. This however, does not give human courts a right to put those to death, they believe are guilty of the crime of witchcraft. For Praetorius, witchcraft cannot exist, because it is beyond the faculties of either man or the devil. It is also against Nature.



Hagen

Hagen is a city in the Arnsberg Government Region in the Ruhr area in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.

It has about 196,000 inhabitants.

Some localities of Hagen:

Hamm

Hamm () is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region

About 185,000 people live there.

Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia

Herne is a German city, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area. It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region

It has about 170,000 inhabitants.

Mülheim

Mülheim an der Ruhr (Low German and Low Franconian: "Mölm", Ripuarian: "Müllem") is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area.
Around 170,000 people live there.

Solingen

Solingen is a city in Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is near Düsseldorf and Wuppertal.

Solingen has about 165,000 inhabitants.

In 1993, five Turks were killed in an arson attack.

Europa (moon)

</math></ref>
Europa is a large moon of the planet Jupiter. It is a little smaller than Earth's Moon and it is the sixth-largest moon in the Solar System.

Europa's diameter is about 3000 kilometers. It probably has an iron core, and a thin atmosphere of mostly oxygen. The surface is icy and very smooth. There are not a lot of craters, but there are some cracks and lines. 

Scientists believe that there is a liquid ocean under the surface, and that it is kept warm by tidal heating. In other words, heat from tidal flexing (Jupiter's strong gravitational pull on Europa) makes it warm. Europa certainly has a lot of water. 

The moon Europa was found by Simon Marius in December 1609. Galileo Galilei first saw the moon in January 1610 (he did not know Marius had found it). Simon Marius was the one who had the idea of the name 'Europa'.

Europa is named after a princess from Greek mythology who became the first queen of Crete. 

Notes

Keane (band)

Keane are an English rock band. They started in East Sussex. They are known for using pianos and their little use of guitars in their music. They listen to artists like The Beatles, U2 and Oasis.

Tim Rice-Oxley and Dom Scott composed the songs that the band played from 1997 to 2001. When Dom left in 2001, Tim composed all the future songs.

Pianist Tim Rice-Oxley and singer Tom Chaplin were friends since they were kids. Rice-Oxley's brother was born on the same day and hospital in 1979.

They studied at Vinehall School and later at Tonbridge School. There, they met the other member of the band, Richard Hughes.

Tim made the band in 1995 with his friend Dominic Scott. They named the band "The Lotus Eaters". They changed their name to "Cherry Keane" in 1997, when Chaplin entered the band. Cherry Keane was a woman who served tea at Tim and Tom's school. The name changed again to "Keane". In an interview on 2006, Rice-Oxley said that the band was called Coldplay, but he gave this name to a friend (Chris Martin, of Coldplay).

Keane began playing songs by other artists, but soon they wanted to play their own songs.
Their first live performance (gig) was in 1998, at the "Hope & Anchor" pub (bar) in England.

They made 2 CDs and sold at the pubs where they played. Scott left the band in 2001. Tim wrote "Everybody's Changing" for this.

In December 2002, Simon Williams of Fierce Panda went to a Keane gig in and he offered to make the band's next and first commercial single (song), "Everybody's Changing".
The single was released on 2003.

After another single, in 2004, Island Records invited Keane to make a single with them. "Everybody's Changing" was made after "Somewhere Only We Know". An album was released in May and called "Hopes And Fears". The album was very successful and it was the second best-seller album of the year.

The album sold five million (5,000,000) copies. In 2006, they competed for a Grammy but they lost.

Keane began recording their second album, "Under the Iron Sea", in 2005, with producer Andy Green.

The first two singles from the album were "Atlantic" and "Is It Any Wonder?". Now, the album has sold one million (2,000,000) copies in the world.

Their third album is called "Perfect Symmetry" produced with Island Records. It was released 13 October 2008 to favourable reviews. According to international Island Records manager, Jon Turner, "the general international feel is of excitement and 'Spiralling' is a favourite track of the US company.". The album included the singles "Spiralling", "The Lovers Are Losing", "Perfect Symmetry" and "Better Than This".

The band's fourth album was released in May 2012 through Island Records. It went straight to No.1 in the UK Albums Chart. It included the singles "Silenced By The Night", "Disconnected", "Sovereign Light Cafe" and "Black Rain". The album cover is photographed in Bexhill-On-Sea in East Sussex, which is where the Sovereign Light Cafe is located and where the video for "Sovereign Light Cafe" was filmed.

The band's fifth album after a five-year hiatus released on September 20th 2019. The band got together in 2018 and started to work on a new album after Rice-Oxley had been through a divorce and Chaplin had been through therapy for addiction. It included the singles "The Way I Feel", "Love Too Much" and "Stupid Things". It reached number 2 in the charts.

This is a list of Keane's equipment.


Keane releases:


Keane have won the following awards:


Tim Rice-Oxley

Timothy James Rice-Oxley (born 2 June 1976, in Oxford, England) is an English musician. He plays piano and bass for the rock band Keane. He also writes the songs for the band.

He took piano lessons which he hated. This because he had to play classic music and he thought it was boring. Later, he began playing the piano listening to The Beatles. In 2004, he won the Ivor Novello award for Best composer of the year.

In 1995, his friend Dominic Scott told him to make a band. The band was called "The Lotus Eaters". They asked Richard Hughes to play the drums. Tom Chaplin would play bass. Rice-Oxley and Chaplin had been friends since they were children. In 1997, Rice-Oxley asked Chaplin to sing. The band changed its name to "Keane". When Scott left the band in 2001, Rice-Oxley started playing piano again and recording bass separately. He still does that.

Rice-Oxley married in February 2005.

"Complete list: Equipment list"<br>


Tom Chaplin

Thomas "Tom" Oliver Chaplin (born 8 March 1979) is the singer of the rock band Keane. He comes from Battle, East Sussex.

He went to Tonbridge school with his friend Tim Rice-Oxley. There they met Richard Hughes and Dominic Scott. He was invited to join the band in 1997, when the name "The Lotus Eaters" was changed to "Cherry Keane".

When the band moved to London trying to get a record deal, Tom left his Art History studies at the Edinburgh University in 1999 to join the band. With Scott in the band as the lead guitarist, Tom played the acoustic guitar. After Scott left in 2001, he took the lead vocals, but also plays the keyboard on some songs. Since Scott left, the band has not used guitars, with their first album using only keyboards, drums and vocals.

Chaplin also took part in Band Aid 20's re-recording of Do They Know It's Christmas in November 2004.

Nowadays he has two solo albuns (2017's The Wave and Twelve Tales of Christmas), and made a tour around the world, specially in Britain and Europe. The first tour was about he launched The Wave. And, the second, with the album Twelve Tales of Christmas.

Tom rejoined Keane in 2018/2019 and in September 2019 they released their 5th Studio album, Cause and Effect, which toured Europe, USA and Latin America throughout 2019.

During such tour, Tom opened up during interviews about overcoming cocaine addiction and Tim Rice-Oxley family misfortunes that led the songwriter to compose the album songs and approaching Tom in the Christmas of 2018.

He has a child called Freya with his wife Nat; she is four years old.
Somewhere Only We Know

"Somewhere Only We Know" is a song by English band Keane. It is their third single. The song is played using a piano, drums and bass. The song was the first single from the album "Hopes and Fears". The single was very popular in the United Kingdom and world wide.

"Somewhere Only We Know" was composed by Tim Rice-Oxley in 2001. 

The song was first played on the guitar, just before Dominic Scott left the band. It was recorded as a demo the same year with piano instead of the guitar. Keane recorded the final version in 2003 at the Helioscentric Studios, East Sussex for the album.

Keane played this song at the historical concert Live 8 in London.

The drummer for Keane, Richard Hughes, said that the band had been asked if the song was about a place. He said that Rice-Oxley had said that to the members of the band it might be about a place or a feeling. He also said that the song can mean something to each person and each person can relate the song to their own memories. He felt that the song was more of a theme than being about any single place or time.
Look at the interview for this song, the place that only we know is when friends get High together.

The song is related to trees:

"Somewhere Only We Know" has been released two times as a single. Each time it had a different b-side.
The lyrics of "Walnut Tree" talk about waiting for someone or something. Rice-Oxley has not talked about a real meaning to this. The song appeared on the "" soundtrack.

"Snowed Under" talks about a place called "Manser's Shaw". This is a place where the band used to spent their days. It was inspired by a poem
"Snowed Under" was the only b-side played live during 2004, 2005 and early 2006.

CD Single 

UK 7" Vinyl 

Germany CD Single
Released March 26 2004

Spain CD Single
Released April 16 2004

UK, 3" Pocket CD
Released July 19 2004

The song has been covered by:

It has appeared on:

There are three music videos for this song:
Keane comes out of a studio and takes a taxi. Then they come across a forest where the "simple thing" aliens live. Each alien represents the spirit of a tree. The video was directed by Colin Hardy.

The video is the same without the "simple thing" aliens

This video was made in May 29 2004 in Hollywood, California. It was directed by The Saline Project.

Under the Iron Sea

Under the Iron Sea is the second album by rock band Keane. It was launched in June 2006.

There is a version with a bonus DVD. This includes videos and demo versions of songs.

The title of the album comes from the phrase "I lost my heart. I buried it too deep under the iron sea," of the eighth (8th) song, "Crystal Ball".

In its first week sold 222,297 copies. It was #1 in UK and #4 in US.

The album had sold 1,000,000 copies to date.


Note: Some editions combine "The Iron Sea" with "Put It Behind You," with a length of 6:33.




List of songs by Keane

This is a list of songs of Keane. Keane is a rock band from England.
The songs are divided for easy consult.

These old songs were written by Keane. They have not been heard as there are no recordings from them. They are known because the band had mentioned them.

These songs were not released but they are known for recordings. These recordings are on the internet.

These songs had been recorded on CD Singles.

A b-side is a song included with a single on its CD.

This is Keane's first album.

This is Keane's second (2nd) album

This is Keane's third (3rd) album

These songs have not been released. In the future they will.

These songs were written by other artists. Keane have covered them and some of them, recorded.

Everybody's Changing

"Everybody's Changing" is the first single by the rock band Keane. It was released two times. It was the first Keane CD to be sold in stores.

There are two different versions of the song. The song was first composed in 2001 by Tim Rice-Oxley. The first version was recorded at Keane's home. The second one at the Helioscentric Studios in East Sussex.

In December 2002, Simon Williams of Fierce Panda Records saw Keane in a pub. He wanted to record one of their songs for the radio. The song chosen was "Everybody's Changing". They made a CD single and released it on May 2003.

After Keane signed to Island Records, there was another single, "Somewhere Only We Know". However, they wanted to release "Everybody's Changing" again. This time it was released as an Island single. The record was released on May 2004

The CDs for each version had one or two other songs on them.
"To the End of the Earth" was composed in guitar. A demo version played on guitar was also recorded. It was composed by Tim Rice-Oxley in 2000. The song was re-recorded for the single.
"Fly to Me" has been thought to be Keane's most beautiful song. Official sheet music for the song is found in the Wise Publication's book of "Hopes and Fears".
"The Way You Want It" is a piano and voice song. It appeared on the Fierce Panda version. The song appears on the "Strangers DVD" as well. 

CD 

CD 

UK, 7" Vynil <br>
Released May 3rd 2004

July 23rd 2004

March 21st 2005

July 19th 2004

There are two music videos for this song:

Dominic Scott

Dominic "Dom" Scott (15 May 1979) is an Irish guitarist, known for being the guitarist for the rock band Keane. He is the co-founder of a band named,"The Lotus Eaters" It was founded in 1995 withTim Rice-Oxley. They invited Richard Hughes to play the drums.

In 1997 Rice-Oxley asked Scott and Hughes to let Tom Chaplin join the band. Scott and Hughes firstly refused but then accepted.

He left in 2001, after the single "Wolf at the Door" because of musical differences with Rice-Oxley. His exit was friendly. Keane wrote a message on their official page on 14 November 2001 saying this:

Rice-Oxley also said in an interview in Mexico: "Dom is a great fan of U2 so maybe we'll met in New York" (Because Keane was the opening band for U2 in 2005).

Langeoog

Langeoog (English: "Long Island") is a German island in the North Sea.

Langeoog is about long (from east to west). It covers an area of about . There are about 2000 people living on Langeoog.

Langeoog has a beach that is long.

Cars are not allowed to drive on Langeoog. People on the Island use bikes. The port and the village are linked with a small railway, the so-called "Inselbahn" (Island's Rail). The Railway is about 2.4 kilometers long.
The harbour of Langeoog is quite big. It was built in World War II by the German Navy. Today the harbour is used by ferries, that connect Langoog with the harbour of Bensersiel on the coast. The Langeoog harbour is also used by sailors, some fishermen and the German Society for Rescuing Ship-Wreckers.
There is also a little airfield on Langeoog.

The landmark of Langeoog is the Water-Tower, that was built in 1909 on top of a dune near the village.

Tourism is the main source of income for Langeoog's economy. There are several hotels. The youth hostel can be found several kilometers outside the village.


Shirt

A shirt is a kind of clothing which is made to cover the upper body. Shirts can mean T-shirts, polo shirts, etc. In earlier times shirts, which were for men, had a collar, sleeves with cuffs and split in half with buttons on one side. This can be called a "dress shirt", a specific type of "collared shirt"). Some shirts have sleeves, that cover the arms. T-shirts are a type of shirt that has shorter sleeves. These sleeves cover the shoulders. Shirts that do not have sleeves are called "sleeveless".

T-shirt

A T-shirt or tee shirt is a kind of shirt which has short sleeves. These sleeves cover the shoulders and the top of the arm, but they do not cover the elbow or the forearm. T-shirts are usually made from cotton fabric or fabric which contains a mix of cotton and polyester. T-shirts are usually considered a casual type of clothing. Both men and women wear T-shirts in Western countries, such as the United States, Canada, England, and France. In some countries, such as Muslim countries, women do not wear T-shirts outside of the home.

T-shirts are cheap to make and sell a lot because of fast fashion. For instance, the U.S. sells two billion T-shirts each year. A person in Sweden typically buys nine T-shirts yearly. Making T-shirts can harm the environment, especially when using materials like cotton. Cotton uses a lot of water and pesticides.

Below are some different types of T-shirts:

Round neck: A round neck T-shirt is the most common style of neck. As the name says, the neck opening closely fitted to the contour of the neck.

V neck: The front neck drop of a v neck T-shirt is lower and converges to form a sharp v shape.

Crew neck: A crew neck T-shirt is almost the same as a classic T-shirt. The only difference being is that it doesn’t have a collar. This style of shirt was worn be rowers in the 1940s.

Graphic: Graphic T- shirts come in many shapes and sizes, including all of the aforementioned necklines. Any T-shirt with a graphic print on it is considered a graphic T-shirt. The style of shirt is extremely popular amongst brands and companies as they are used for marketing and promoting messages.
T-shaped clothes, called tunics, have been worn since ancient times. The modern T-shirt came from 1800s underwear. Workers wore them in hot places for comfort. In 1913, the U.S. Navy introduced T-shirts as underwear. They became popular with sailors, workers, and young boys because they were easy to wear and cheap. By the 1920s, the term "T-shirt" was in the American dictionary.

During the Great Depression, T-shirts were common work clothes. After World War II, Navy men wore them casually. Their popularity grew in the 1950s, especially after actor Marlon Brando wore one. Soon, they became everyday wear for many. By 1942, some T-shirts had prints on them, like one shown on a Life magazine cover. In the 1960s, people liked using printed T-shirts to express themselves, advertise, protest, or as keepsakes.

Sleeve

A sleeve is a piece of material which covers an arm. It is usually a part of a shirt or other garment.

Taxi

A taxi (taxicab or cab in the United States) is a car, or other vehicle which is used for public transport. People use them to get to where they want to go. This means there are no stops in between where they get on and where they get off. Many big cities have taxis.

In most other types of public transport, such as a bus, tram, or train, the rider does not get to choose the locations where they want to get picked up or dropped off. These vehicles often take certain roads or follow a very specific route. Because of this, they usually do not stop exactly where people want to go.

Riding a taxi is a lot like a person having their own car, but don't drive it. They only tell the taxi driver where they want to go and he or she will take you there. How much they pay for the ride, in most cases, depends on how far they are going from where you get on. It is common for the price for a taxi ride to be more expensive than other forms of transport.

The first taxi-type system started in Paris and London in the early 17th century. These were carts pulled by (carriages) and could be hired. The monarchies that ruled these cities controlled the rules. In the 19th century, Hansom cabs were mostly used because of their higher level of safety.

The 1891 invention by German Wilhelm Bruhn of the taximeter helped establish the modern taxi. The first modern meter-equipped taxicab was the Daimler Victoria, built by Gottlieb Daimler in 1897. The first motorized taxi company began operating in Stuttgart the same year.

The term "taximeter" is an adaptation of the French word 'taximètre', and the German word 'taxameter'. It means measuring a tax or fee.


Eastbourne

Eastbourne is a large town in East Sussex, on the south coast of England between Brighton and Hastings. It is in the county of Sussex. It is a place where people go on holiday and also where non-English speakers go to learn English. It is at the eastern end of the chalk hills called the South Downs, and next to the high cliff at Beachy Head. The town was built in the early 19th century for people to visit the seaside. A railway station was built in 1849.

Eastbourne lies next to chalk hills called the South Downs. The famous chalk cliffs Beachy Head is in the town. Eastbourne's architecture and buildings are mainly from the Victorian and Georgian periods. Eastbourne has recently built a marina called Sovereign Harbour which makes the town bigger.

Eastbourne's population was approximately 97,992 in 2009.

Most jobs in Eastbourne are in tourism or tourism-related services.

As of 7 May 2015, the MP for Eastbourne is Caroline Ansell. She is a member of the Conservatives.

Eastbourne Borough Council has 27 members (called councillors). Currently, there are 15 Conservative councillors, 11 Liberal Democrat councillors and one independent councillor. The leader of the council is Councillor Ian Lucas.

There have been people living in the Eastbourne area since 4000BC, but the town did not develop until around 1150AD. St. Mary's Church (now in Eastbourne's Old Town) was first built between 1160 and 1190. Eastbourne was strategically important during the Napoleonic Wars and had a Martello Tower built from 1804 to 1810. The tower is one of few Martello Towers that are still standing, and is now called the Wish Tower.

The town became much bigger after a railway station was built there in 1849. It joined Eastbourne to London, Brighton and the South Coast Railway. From 1858, William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Burlington (later 7th Duke of Cavendish) invested a lot of money into the town. The elegant areas of Meads, Devonshire Park and the Western Parades were developed as a result of his investment. Cavendish's influence is recognised by many place and business names in Eastbourne, for example: the Cavendish School, the Burlington Hotel, or the Devonshire Park Theatre.

Eastbourne Pier was first built in 1865. It is a famous symbol of Eastbourne and today houses amusement arcades, a nightclub and a public house. It also has a rare, working camera obscura. 




Sunburn

A sunburn is a kind of burn that happens when skin is exposed to sunlight for too long. The ultraviolet part of sunlight breaks down natural chemicals in the skin. This makes the skin become red. Sunburns stay for days or weeks.

People with lighter skin sunburn more quickly than people with darker skin. This is because of a dark pigment called melanin that protects the skin. There is more of it in dark-skinned people than in light-skinned people. Eventually, if exposed to too much sunlight, skin cancer may develop. In any event, sunburn can be "extremely" painful.

Antwerp

Antwerpen is a port city in Antwerp province in the north of Belgium. It is at 51° 12 North, 04° 24 East. In French it is called Anvers, its English name commonly is Antwerp. 

It is the capital of the province with the same name.

The port is the second-largest in Europe after Rotterdam in the Netherlands. It spreads over both banks of the river Scheldt for more than 11,000 hectares. About 16,000 people work in the port. It is a centre for international drug trafficking, especially cocaine.

In 2007, 466,203 people lived there. The city is divided in 9 zones, called districts:


Trieste

Trieste ( , ]; Slovene: "Trst" ]; German: "Triest", ]) is a city in the north-east of Italy in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia.

Trieste was a Roman city that in the Middle Ages was under the control of the Republic of Venice. Later the city was under Austrian domination until the first years of the 20th century, when Italian irredentism was very strong in Trieste.

Indeed, together with Trento, Trieste was the main focus of the Italian irredentist movement, which aimed for the annexation to Italy of all the lands they claimed were inhabited by an Italian speaking population. Many local Italians enrolled voluntarily in the Royal Italian Army during WWI (a notable example is the writer Scipio Slataper).

The population of Trieste, practically nearly all Italian, promoted this union of the city to Italy in 1918, and since the end of WWI the city has been the capital of the Italian region called "Venezia Giulia".

The population is 207.069 ab. (2004). It was nearly 300,000 after WWII because many Italian refugees flooded the city as a consequence of the Istrian-Dalmatian exodus.

These days, Trieste is important because of its shipbuilding industry, science parks, universities and "history on the border of western Europe". Trieste will be connected to the Italian "TAV railway" (High Speed) network: a 300 km/hour (186 mph) fast train route is going to connect Trieste with Venice in the next few years.

During the Austro-Hungarian Empire, Trieste became a leading European city in economy, trade and commerce, and was the fourth largest and most important center in the Empire, after Vienna, Budapest and Prague. However the economy of Trieste fell into a small decline after the city's annexation to Italy following World War I, because it was cut off from the "Mittleurope".

But Fascist Italy promoted a huge development of Trieste in the 1930s, with new manufacturing activities related even to naval and armament industries (like the famous "Cantieri Aeronautici Navali Triestini (CANT)"). Allied bombings during WWII destroyed the industrial section of the city (mainly the shipyards).

As a consequence Trieste was a mainly peripheral city during the Cold War. However, since the 1970s, Trieste has had a huge economic boom, thanks to a significant commercial shipping business to the container terminal, steel works and an oil terminal.

Trieste is also Italy's and Mediterranean's (and one of Europe's) greatest coffee ports, as the city supplies more than 40% of Italy's coffee. Coffee brands, such as Illy, were founded and are headquartered in the city. Currently, Trieste is one of Europe's most important ports and centres for trade and transport, with Trieste being part of the "Corridor 5" plan, to create a bigger transport connection between Western and Eastern European countries.




Offenbach am Main

Offenbach is a city in the German state of Hesse. It is on the river Main near Frankfurt am Main. The city has about 120,000 people. The "Deutscher Wetterdienst" (German weather service) is in Offenbach.

Until the early 1970s the economy of Offenbach was mainly the machine-building and leather industries. The city is the home of the German Association for Electrical, Electronic and Information Technologies until today.

Offenbach has the following twin cities:

Heilbronn

Heibronn ( ]; , local dialect: "Hallbrunn", "Haalbrunn") is a city in Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg. With about 117,000 people, Heilbronn is the sixth largest town in Baden-Württemberg.
Heilbronn is also on the river Neckar and is known for the wine which was grown in their region and the Kätchen a famous sign.

Hildesheim

It has about 110,000 people living there.

Hildesheim is one of the oldest cities in North Germany. The city may have been founded when the bishop moved from Elze to the Innerste ford, where it was an important market on the Hellweg trade route. The settlement soon grew into a town which was granted market rights by King Otto III in 983. Originally the market was held on a street called Old Market ("Alter Markt"), which still exists today. The first market place was laid out around Saint Andrew's Church. As the city grew larger, a larger market place became more important. The current market place in Hildesheim was made at the start of the 13th century when the city had a population of about 5,000. When Hildesheim obtained city rights in 1249, it was one of the largest cities in Northern Germany. For four centuries the clergy ruled Hildesheim, before a city hall was built and the citizens gained some influence and independence. Construction of the present City Hall started in 1268, and in 1367 Hildesheim became a member of the Hanseatic League. A war between the citizens and their bishop cost dearly in 1519-1523 when they engaged in a feud. Hildesheim became Protestant in 1542, and only the cathedral and a few other buildings remained in Imperial (Roman Catholic) hands. Several villages around the city remained Roman Catholic as well. In 1813, after the Napoleonic Wars, the town became part of the Kingdom of Hanover, which was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia after the Austro-Prussian War in 1866 as a province.

The city was bombed in World War II, but the bombing had little importance in the course of the war. 28.5% of the houses were destroyed and 44.7% damaged. 26.8% of the houses had no damage. The center, which still had its medieval character until then, was almost levelled. As in many cities, priority was given to rapid building of badly needed housing, and concrete structures took the place of the destroyed buildings. Fortunately, most of the major churches, two of them now UNESCO World Heritage Sites, were rebuilt in the original style soon after the war. During the war, valuable world heritage materials had been hidden in the basement of the city wall. In 1978, the University of Hildesheim was founded. In the 1980s a reconstruction of the historic center began. Some of the new concrete buildings near the marketplace were torn down. Replicas of the original buildings were built in their place.

¹ census data


Pforzheim

Pforzheim () is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
About 116,000 people live there.

Recklinghausen

Recklinghausen (Westphalian: "Riäkelhusen") is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area. It has about 120,000 inhabitants.

Wolfsburg

Wolfsburg is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony.

It had about 124,000 inhabitants in 2016. The automobile company Volkswagen has its main office in Wolfsburg.

Bergisch Gladbach

Bergisch Gladbach (; Ripuarian: "Jläbbisch Gläbbich") is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
It is near to Cologne and has about 110,016 inhabitants.


Erlangen

Erlangen (; East Franconian: "Erlang") is a German city in the state of Bavaria. About 105,000 people live there.

Erlangen is near to Nuremberg ("Nürnberg"). Both cities share the University Erlangen-Nürnberg.

Gera

Gera is a city in the east of Germany, in the state of Thuringia.

It has about 100,000 inhabitants.

In the beginning, "Gera" was not the name of a village or city, but of a region or district. This district was mentioned in a document for the first time in the year 995. Four years later, in 999, the Holy Roman Emperor Otto III gave this district to his sister Adelheid, who was an abbess in Quedlinburg.

In the center of this area, the "provincia Gera", a town with the same name was established. Another document, which is from the year 1237, said for the first time that there was a town called Gera. In this town, the abbesses of Quedlinburg had some officials which were called the "Vögte" of Gera. These officials were the ancestors of the counts and princes of Reuß, which reigned in Gera for many years, until the year 1918.

In the early modern period, Gera was famous for making textiles. There were some fires in which a lot of the town was destroyed, for example in 1686 and in 1780. In 1806, Napoleon was in Gera before the Battle of Jena.

In the 19th century, Gera became an important city of industry. Before that, Gera was a quite small town, but in the year 1900, it had already about 45,000 inhabitants.

In 1920, Thuringia was founded as a state of the Weimar Republic. Gera was the biggest city of the state, because Erfurt was not yet a part of Thuringia. At the end of World War II, some parts of Gera were destroyed by bombs, for example the Osterstein Castle.

After World War II, Gera was in the Soviet Occupation Zone and then in the German Democratic Republic (GDR). From 1952 to 1990, it was the capital of the Gera District ("Bezirk Gera") of the GDR.

Since the German Reunification in 1990, Gera belongs to the Free State of Thuringia in the Federal Republic of Germany.

Since 1959, Gera has had more than 100,000 inhabitants. The highest number of inhabitants of Gera was 134,834 in the year 1988. Since the German Reunification, the number of inhabitants becomes smaller and smaller. Now there are fewer people who live in Gera than in Jena, so Gera is only the third-biggest city in Thuringia. On 31 December 2008, there were only 100,643 people living in Gera.


Gera has got twelve twin towns. Eleven of them are in Europe.
These famous people were born in Gera:

Remscheid

Remscheid is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

It has about 115,000 inhabitants.

Undernet

Undernet is an Internet Relay Chat network that was made in 1992. It has many channels, but there are few limits to what kind of channels can be made.

Advanced Micro Devices

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) is a large American company from Sunnyvale, California that makes computer hardware components. It makes many different computer parts, but it is most famous for its central processing units (CPUs) and graphics processing units (GPUs). Another important product are their motherboard chipsets for their CPUs. AMD started as a company that made products for Intel, another large hardware company, and competitor of AMD. In 2006, AMD bought ATI Technologies with $4.3 billion of cash and 52 million AMD stocks. In 2020, AMD said that they are buying Xilinx, a company that makes circuits that can be changed using computer code (FPGA).

Ryzen is AMD's brand name for their CPUs for normal use. Ryzen CPUs have between 2 and 64 cores and can achieve speeds above 5 gigahertz (GHz). Radeon is their brand name for other computer products like GPUs and computer parts made by other companies that AMD put their brand on (OEM).

Illinois Institute of Technology

The Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) is a private university in Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is one of the best universities in the United States as U.S. News & World Report, a magazine, puts it at number 108. Most students of this university focus on science or technology as their major, or subject they study most. IIT was created in 1940 by the merger of the Armour Institute of Technology and Lewis Institute.

The campus, roughly bounded between 31st and 35th streets, Michigan Avenue and the Dan Ryan Expressway, was designed by modernist architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, "one of the great figures of 20th-century architecture", who chaired the IIT School of Architecture from 1938 to 1958. Van der Rohe's master plan for the IIT campus was one of the most ambitious projects he ever conceived. The campus has twenty of his works. It is the greatest concentration of his buildings in the world. The layout of the campus departs radically from "traditional college quadrangles and limestone buildings". The materials are inspired by the factories and warehouses of Chicago's South Side and "embod[y] 20th century methods and materials: steel and concrete frames with curtain walls of brick and glass." 

Alfred Caldwell designed the campus landscape. Caldwall was van der Rohe's close colleague at IIT and was called "the last representative of the Prairie School of landscape architects." Known as "the nature poet", Caldwell's plan reinforced van der Rohe's design with "landscaping planted in a free-flowing manner, which in its interaction with the pristine qualities of the architecture, introduce[d] a poetic aspect."

On the west side of Main Campus are three red brick buildings that were original to Armour Institute, built between 1891 and 1901. In 1938, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe began his 20-year tenure as director of IIT's School of Architecture (1938–1959). The university was on the verge of building a brand new campus, to be one of the nation's first federally funded urban renewal projects. Mies was given great freedom in the large project. The university grew fast enough during and after World War II to allow much of the new plan to be realized. From 1943 to 1957, several new Mies buildings rose across campus, including the S.R. Crown Hall, which houses the architecture school, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2001.

Though Mies had emphasized his wish to complete the campus he had begun, commissions from the late 50s onward were given to Skidmore, Owings, and Merrill (SOM), prompting Mies to never return to the campus that had changed architecture the world over. SOM architect Walter Netsch designed a few buildings, including the new library that Mies had wished to create, all of them similar to Mies's style. By the late 1960s, campus addition projects were given to SOM's Myron Goldsmith, who had worked with Mies during his education at IIT and thus was able to design several new buildings to harmonize well with the original campus. In 1976, the American Institute of Architects recognized the campus as one of the 200 most significant works of architecture in the United States. The new campus center, designed by Rem Koolhaas, and a new state-of-the-art residence hall designed by Helmut Jahn, State Street Village, opened in 2003. These were the first new buildings built on the Main Campus in 32 years.

In 1976, American Institute of Architects named the IIT campus one of the 200 most significant works of architecture in the United States. The IIT Main Campus was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

Hermann Minkowski

Hermann Minkowski (22 June 1864 in Kaunas – 12 January 1909 in Göttingen) was a German mathematician of Jewish descent. He was one of Albert Einstein's teachers.

Minkowski is perhaps best known for his work in relativity, in which he showed in 1907 that his former student Albert Einstein's special theory of relativity (1905), could be understood geometrically as a theory of four-dimensional space-time, since known as the "Minkowski spacetime".

Certificate of deposit

A certificate of deposit (CD) is a way to store money at a bank or credit union. A CD is written for a period of time: usually between three months and five years. The person who wanted the CD—the consumer—agrees to give the money to the bank for that period of time and may not take the money back until the time has expired. If the consumer takes the money back before the agreed amount of time, they will have to pay a penalty fee. Once your contract is over, you are given your money back plus the interest it earned. People open CDs instead of savings accounts because the interest is higher. A certificate of deposit (which is common only in the United States) is similar to a time deposit.

Cousins Subs

Cousins Subs is a "sub" shop that makes submarine sandwiches. It was created in the 1970s in Wisconsin. 

They opened their first restaurant in Milwaukee, at 60th Street and Silver Spring Drive. It closed after several years of success. The oldest Cousins Subs is on the corner of Brady Street and Farwell Avenue in Milwaukee.

Robert Walpole

Sir Robert Walpole, 1st Earl of Orford was a British politician. He is regarded by many as the first de facto Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (then called Great Britain). The position of prime minister was not actually official at that time.

Walpole He was born in Houghton, Norfolk on 26 August 1676. He died on 18 March 1745. Historians think he became England's first Prime Minister in 1721. He was then Prime Minister for a longer time than anyone who came after him. This long time is sometimes called "the robinocracy" (Robin is a common version of Robert).
Although the exact dates of Walpole's dominance are not entirely clear, the period 1721–1742 is often used. He dominated the Walpole–Townshend ministry, as well as the subsequent Walpole ministry, and holds the record as the longest-serving British prime minister in history. 

W.A. Speck wrote that Walpole's uninterrupted run of 20 years as Prime Minister "is rightly regarded as one of the major feats of British political history... Explanations are usually offered in terms of his expert handling of the political system after 1720, [and] his unique blending of the surviving powers of the crown with the increasing influence of the Commons".

Leeuwarden

Leeuwarden is a city in the north of the Netherlands.
It has about 110,000 inhabitants. It is the capital of a part of the Netherlands where a lot of people speak Frisian. The name of that province is Friesland. Leeuwarden is called "Ljouwert" in Frisian.

On 1 January 2014, Boarnsterhim is a part of the municipality of Leeuwarden. On 1 January 2018, it was enlarged by Leeuwarderadeel and parts of the former municipality of Littenseradiel.

Middelburg, Netherlands

Middelburg is a town and municipality on the (former) island of Walcheren, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

It is the capital of Zeeland.

About 48,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 40,000 people were living in the town in 2011.

Middelburg received city rights in 1217.


Haarlem

Haarlem is a municipality in the Netherlands and the capital of the province North Holland. It has about 145,000 inhabitants. It has a very old door called Smedestraat 33.


Lelystad

Lelystad is a municipality in the middle of the Netherlands.
It has about 71,000 inhabitants. It is also the capital of Flevoland, one of the provinces of the Netherlands.


Assen

Assen is a municipality in the north-east of the Netherlands. It has about 65,000 inhabitants. It's the capital of Drenthe.

Breda

Breda is a municipality in the south of the Netherlands. It has about 184,000 inhabitants (2021).

Enschede

Enschede (Low Saxon: "Eanske") is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 161,194 people were living there in 2023.

It is the biggest city in Overijssel and borders Germany.

Enschede is also (informally) the capital of Twente region.

On 13 May 2000 there was a huge destruction caused by an accident in a fireworks factory. Twenty-three people were killed, while almost a thousand people were injured. Thousands of people lost their homes.



Amersfoort

Amersfoort is a city in the middle of the Netherlands. The city is between the hills of the "Heuvelrug" and the valley of the river Eem. It is located in the province of Utrecht. 2023 the population of the city was 160,902. It is the second-largest city in the province and the fifteenth-largest in the country. Amersfoort is known for being one of the largest railway junctions in the Netherlands. In 2009, Amersfoort celebrated its 750th anniversary as a city.

The city has many international companies located there:


There are also several non-governmental organizations and foundations:


Zoetermeer

Zoetermeer is a municipality in South Holland in the Netherlands (it has no city rights). 

About 125,000 people are living there in 2017.

It is between Utrecht and Den Haag. It is part of the Randstad. 

Almere

Almere is a municipality in the Netherlands (no city rights).
It is in the province of Flevoland and nearby Amsterdam and has about 215,000 people (2021).


Hilversum

Hilversum is a municipality in North Holland in the Netherlands. It lies between Amsterdam and Utrecht. About 85,000 people live there.


Roermond

Roermond is a municipality in the province Limburg in the east of the Netherlands. It has about 45,000 people living in it.

Since 2007, Swalmen became a part of the municipality of Roermond.

Venlo

Venlo is a municipality in Limburg in the very east of the Netherlands. It has about 100,000 inhabitants and lives mainly on one-day-trip-tourism from neighbouring Germany and logistics. It used to be a city of the Hanseatic League.

Since 2010, Arcen en Velden became a part of the municipality of Venlo.

Delft

Delft is a municipality in the province South Holland in the Netherlands. It is about halfway between Rotterdam and The Hague. It is famous for its Delft Blue pottery and the Delft University of Technology. It is the place where the royal family, the kings and queens, are buried. It has about 94,000 inhabitants.

Delft is a city with typical Dutch canals, churches and large canal houses. The largest church in Delft is the Nieuwe Kerk (New Church).

Deventer

Deventer is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 101,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in Salland and IJsselvallei regions, alongside the eastern bank of the IJssel river.

Deventer was founded by Lebuinus around 768. He built a wooden church there.

A Catholic community called the Brethren of the Common Life was founded by priest Geert Groote in this city late 14th century. This community was connected with a Catholic reform movement called the Devotio Moderna, which was largely based on Groote and founded the same time.

Deventer is well known for its cake, the so-called "Deventer Koek".


Ede

Ede is a city in the Netherlands with 65,000 inhabitants, the communal district (gemeente) of Ede has 107,000 inhabitants.

Freud Museum

The Freud Museum was the home of Sigmund Freud and his family after they escaped the Nazi takeover of Austria in 1938. It is at 20 Maresfield Gardens in Hampstead, London.

After the death of Anna Freud, the youngest daughter, in 1982, the home became a museum. The centrepiece of the museum is Freud's study, preserved just as it was during his lifetime. 

There are two other Freud Museums, one in Vienna, and another in Příbor, the Czech Republic, in the house where Freud was born. 

The study and library were preserved by Anna Freud after her father's death. The bookshelf behind Freud's desk contains some of his favourite authors: not only Goethe and Shakespeare but also Heine, Multatuli and Anatole France. Freud acknowledged that poets and philosophers had gained insights into the unconscious which psychoanalysis sought to explain systematically. 

The room contains the original analytic couch brought from Berggasse 19. On this patients would recline comfortably while Freud, out of sight in the green tub chair, listened to their 'free association'. They were asked to say everything that came to mind without consciously sifting or selecting information. This method became a foundation upon which psychoanalysis was built.

The study is filled with antiquities from ancient Greece, Rome, Egypt and the Orient. There are some fine masks and carving from Africa. Freud visited many archaeological sites (though not Egypt). Most of the collection was got from dealers in Vienna. 

He confessed that his passion for collecting was second only to his addiction to cigars. The importance of the collection can be seen in Freud's use of archaeology as a metaphor for psychoanalysis. One example of this is Freud's explanation to a patient that conscious material 'wears away' while what is unconscious is relatively unchanging: "I illustrated my remarks by pointing to the antique objects about my room. They were, in fact, I said, only objects found in a tomb, and their burial had been their preservation".

The collection includes a portrait of Freud by Salvador Dalí.


Emu

The emu ("Dromaius novaehollandiae") is a large flightless bird. It is native to Australia. 

It is also the second tallest bird in the world, after its ratite relative, the ostrich. The emu is also related to the cassowary which is slightly smaller but heavier.

There were also two species of dwarf emu, "Dromaius minor", one living on King Island in Tasmania and the other on Kangaroo Island. They are examples of island dwarfism. The group on King Island became extinct in 1805, that on Kangaroo Island in 1827, and that in Tasmania in 1865.

The emu is the second tallest bird in the world, only the ostrich is taller. The largest individuals can reach up to 150 to 190 cm (59 to 75 in) in height. 

Emus are the fourth or fifth heaviest living bird after the two species of ostrich and two larger species of cassowary. They weigh slightly more on average than an emperor penguin. The soft-feathered, brown birds reach up to 20m (27ft) in height. Their feathers are in a double layer which helps keep the emu cool. They have bare skin on the sides of the face and their neck. They can weigh up to . They have two large legs, with three toes on each foot. Their wings are very short, about 
, and are hidden under their feathers. They can live up to 10–20 years.
The emu is common over most of mainland Australia. It avoids very thick forests and very dry areas. Emus can travel great distances at a fast trot. If necessary they can run at up to for some distance at a time. They may travel long distances to find food. One emu was found to have travelled .

They feed on a variety of plants (seeds, flowers, new growth) and insects.

Emus are solitary birds. However, the young chicks stay with the father until they are 18 months of age. The breeding season is between February and July, when the female can lay between 5-15 eggs in a ground nest built by the male. The male then sits on the eggs for 8 weeks until hatching. The baby chicks have very clear stripes on the feathers which act as camouflage.

On the east coast of Australia, emus were once common but have become uncommon with increased human population. On the other hand, the development of farms and the supply of water for stock have increased the range of the Emu in arid (dry) regions. Emus are farmed for their meat, oil and leather. The first emu farms began in Western Australia during the 1970s.

The first written description of the emu was under the name of the New Holland Cassowary in Arthur Phillip's "Voyage to Botany Bay", published in 1788. The species was named by ornithologist (bird expert) John Latham, who worked on Phillip's book. He provided the first descriptions of and names for many Australian bird species. Its scientific name, "Dromaius novaehollandiae", is from the Latin words, meaning "fast-footed New Hollander". The history of the name, "emu", is not certain, but is thought to have come from an Arabic word for large bird. This word was later used by Portuguese explorers to describe the related Cassowary in New Guinea.

Kiwi

The kiwi is a type of bird from New Zealand. They are the genus Apteryx of the family Apterygidae. There are several species and sub-species of kiwi. The kiwi is a symbol for New Zealand. People from New Zealand are nicknamed "Kiwis".

They have a long beak and brown feathers. The feathers look like fur. Kiwi cannot fly, and their wings are so small that they cannot usually be seen. Kiwi cannot see well, but they can hear very well. They are the smallest ratite birds.

Kiwi are night (nocturnal) birds. They mostly eat invertebrates, like worms and insects. Kiwi keep a territory where they live alone or with their mate. In their territory they build several small caves where they sleep, or lay their eggs.
Kiwi are monogamous; the male and female stay together until one of them dies. The male and female live in the same territory and raise their children together.
Female kiwi lay 1-3 eggs. Compared to the size of the mother, the eggs are the largest of any bird species. Kiwi are mature when they are 2 years old, and they can live more than 20 years. One kiwi kept in a zoo even reached 35 years old.

The female brown kiwi lays enormous eggs, which are almost one-sixth of her own body weight. These eggs take 11 weeks to incubate, the longest time for any bird. In comparison, Yellow-breasted Chats' eggs take only 11 days, and chickens' eggs take 21 days.

Kiwi prefer to live in burrows they make in forested areas. They either make their burrows in the ground like rabbits, in between the roots of trees, or in hidden sheltered places such as hollow logs. Kiwi line their burrows with leaves to make them more comfortable and warm. Sometimes they hide the entrance to their burrows using piles of twigs. Kiwi may have more than ten different burrows in their territory and will swap between them sometimes.

Kiwi are threatened by many mammals. Stoats are the main threat for the kiwi chicks. Ferrets and dogs kill adult kiwi.

Dodo

The dodo "(Raphus cucullatus)" is an extinct species of flightless bird from Mauritius. 

Like many other island birds, they lost the power of flight because it was no advantage where they lived. Dodos were in the same family as the pigeon. They were endemic to (only lived on) the island of Mauritius. They became extinct in the late 17th century. 

The Dodo has become a symbol of extinction caused by the arrival of humans in ecosystems where humans had never before lived. 

The history of the word 'Dodo' is not clear. Dutch admiral Wybrand van Warwijck discovered the island and the bird in 1598 during an expedition to Indonesia. He called the bird 'walgvogel', meaning "disgusting bird" because he disliked the taste of the meat. Four years later, the Dutch captain, Willem van Westsanen, used the word 'Dodo' for the first time.

The "Encarta Dictionary" and the "Chambers Dictionary of Etymology" say "dodo" is a Portuguese word, coming from "doido". It means "fool" or "crazy". Another idea is that 'dodo' was a copy of the bird's own call, a two-note pigeon like sound, "doo-doo". 
In 1606 Cornelis de Jonge wrote a description of the Dodo, and of other animal and plants on the island .

The dodo was the largest bird of the Columbiformes, and weighs about . They had grey feathers and yellow feet. Their big hooked bill was a green/yellow color. It had short wings that were only stubs. They ate fruit, seeds and nuts. Portuguese sailors said that they saw the Dodos eating fish. They also ate rocks and stones which might have helped them digest food. They are eaten by humans who come in the search of treasure or spouting.

The dodo was not scared of people which made it easy to hunt and kill. Dogs, cats, rats and pigs were left on the island and also killed the dodos. Because dodos built their nests on the ground, the new animals ate their eggs. The forests were chopped down and the dodo lost its habitat. Within 80 years, the dodo was extinct. The last confirmed dodo sighting in Mauritius was 1662, but a 2003 research by David Roberts and Andrew Solow estimated that the dodo lived another few decades unnoticed until around 1690.

The last known stuffed bird was at Oxford University and was thrown out as rubbish. Only a foot and a head are left. The American Museum of Natural History in New York has a skeleton showing. It was put together out of bones from several different Dodos. The Natural History Museum of Mauritius has the only complete skeleton of a dodo, found in a swamp.


Tolkāppiyam

Tolkaapiyam (தொல்காப்பியம்) is a book on grammar of the Tamil language.

Tol (தொல்) means Old and Kappiyam (காப்பியம்) means a literary work.
The name of the author could not be identified (usually referred as "Tholkappiyar") and the work apparently relates to Grammar in Tamil.
It is learnt that the author was one of the 12 disciples of Sage Agastya the Father of Tamil Grammar. This sage was living in the south near Madurai, during the visit of Lord Ram to the south in search of his wife, abducted by the Lankan King Ravan.
The age of Lord Ram precedes that of Lord Krishna and hence the work can safely be said to precede 3000 BC (the ideal period of Mahabharat Yudh).
Lord Shiva and his Son Murugan is said to have laid the first tenets for the Tamil Language, probably long long time before sage Agastya could compile the same.

Great auk

The great auk was a large bird, that could not fly. People hunted it for meat and feathers. It grew rare, because it was too easy to kill, and the ones left could not breed fast enough to make up for the lost ones. The last known great auks (there were two auks) were killed on June 3, 1844 in Iceland. It lived mostly in the water, like a duck. 

Penguins got their name from the great auk. The word "penguin" was the Celtic word for "great auk". When sailors saw penguins for the first time, they thought they looked like great auks. 

The great auk was covered in black feathers, but had white feathers on its chest and abdomen. It had very short wings, like stubs, which meant it could not fly. On land it stood upright and was about 75 cm tall. They spent most of their time at sea, coming to shore in the summer to breed. They lived in large breeding colonies on low rocky islands in the north Atlantic Ocean from Canada to Norway. Females laid one egg on bare rock. In winter they went as far south as Florida and southern Spain. 

Abbey Road Studios

Abbey Road Studios, usually called just "Abbey Road", are the recording studios in EMI's headquarters in St. John's Wood, London, England.

Abbey Road had three different studios for most of its history. Other space was turned into a fourth studio later. Studio One is large, and used to be a ballroom. Symphony orchestras and very large bands and groups are recorded there. Studio Two is smaller, and works best for small combos or groups of musicians. Studio Three is much smaller, and is meant for soloists and duos. Studio Four is mostly for post-production, where changes are made to earlier recordings.

Ujamaa

Ujamaa, meaning 'familyhood' is the group of ideas of Tanzanian President Julius Nyerere. They are based on the traditional African society.

Prisoner

A prisoner is a person who is forced to stay in a prison against their will. People who are suspected of a crime, for example, a murder, may be arrested and held in jail so they won't escape before their trial. After conviction a prisoner may be punished. For example, they may be imprisoned for a fixed number of years, or receive a life sentence meaning they stay in jail until they die. 

A prisoner of war is a person who was captured by the enemy in a war.

Fachhochschule Düsseldorf

The Fachhochschule Düsseldorf is a so-called Fachhochschule (university of applied sciences), that means a special kind of college, with technical, design and business subjects in Düsseldorf.
It was founded in 1971.



Psychoanalysis

Psychoanalysis is a field of psychology and medical therapy. It is a set of theories and ways of treating mental disorders. It was started in the early 1890s by the Austrian psychologist Sigmund Freud, with experience from the clinical work of Josef Breuer and others.

Since then, psychoanalysis has expanded and been revised, reformed and developed in different ways. Freud's own colleagues and students, such as Alfred Adler and Carl Jung, had their own ideas. They went on to develop their ideas independently from Freud. Much later, Anna Freud and Melanie Klein used the ideas to treat troubled children.

The basic ideas of psychoanalysis are:

Sometimes people cannot say why they are feeling the way they feel or acting the way they act. What causes the feelings and actions is called the unconscious mind in psychodynamic theory.

Under the broad umbrella of "psychoanalysis" there are at least 22 different approaches to the theory and clinical treatment. The term also refers to a method of studying child development.

Freudian psychoanalysis uses a type of treatment where the subject (analytic patient) talks, including free associations, fantasies, and dreams. From these the analyst works out the unconscious conflicts which cause the patient's symptoms and character problems. By interpreting them for the patient, the analyst creates insight into the problems. The analyst identifies and clarifies the patient's pathological defences, wishes and guilt.

Psychoanalysis has been criticized on many fronts. It has been called a pseudoscience, and lacking in empirical support. However, it remains influential within psychiatry, more so in some quarters than others.

Zaandam

Zaandam is a city in the west of the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland. It has about 74,000 inhabitants (2014). It makes part of the municipality of Zaanstad.

First settlements in the region were known up from the 11th century.

Czar Peter the Great visited Zaandam in 1697 and 1717.

Windows 3.x

Windows 3.x is a no-longer supported family of Microsoft Windows operating system, released in 1990-1994. Notable operating systems in this family include Windows 3.0 and Windows 3.1. This Windows could run in either Standard or 386 Enhanced memory modes. Both of the modes used a Graphical User Interface (or picture-based), and supported a mouse, but 386 Enhanced Mode was faster and was better at multitasking (or doing many things at once). Windows NT 3.x was released in 1993-1996.

It also had many features from versions of Windows before it. These included a calculator, a notepad, and more. It also brought in many new features, like the Program Manager (which is still in Windows XP today - Start>Run>progman.exe), and the icons and programs looked better.

Windows 3.x was made better in 1992, with Windows for Workgroups 3.1x (1992-1993), that added networking support.

Woodwind instrument

A woodwind instrument is an instrument belonging to the woodwind family. Traditionally they were always made of wood, although some of them are now made of metal or plastic.

In an orchestra there are four main types of woodwind instrument. Each of these also has related instruments of different sizes:

The flute is the highest of the four main instruments. The lowest note is Middle C and it has a range of 3 octaves. The piccolo is the smallest and highest instrument in the orchestra. It plays one octave higher than the flute. There is also an alto flute which sounds a fifth lower than the ordinary flute. Flutes are still sometimes made of wood, but mostly they are metal.

The oboe can play slightly lower than the flute. There is a larger version called the cor anglais (which means: “English horn”).

The clarinet plays nearly an octave lower than the flute. The bass clarinet plays an octave lower than the clarinet.

The bassoon is the lowest of the four main members, but the contrabassoon plays right down to the bottom B flat of the piano.

The recorder is one of the oldest and most popular woodwinds and has been used to great effect by greats, such as Bach, Telemann and Vivaldi. The general public is normally only familiar with the plastic, child's version of the recorder, but professional and high-quality recorders are still made of wood.

The saxophone may look like a brass instrument, but it is played like a clarinet and therefore it is a woodwind instrument. It is usually played in bands and jazz groups.

Woodwind instruments are played in several ways. The flute is played by blowing across the top of the mouthpiece. It is like blowing across the top of an empty bottle. The oboe and bassoon both have a double reed. It is like blowing through a drinking straw. Bagpipes have double reeds which are inside the mouthpiece (“enclosed reeds”). The clarinet and saxophone have single reeds which are clamped against the opening of the mouthpiece.

In comparison, brass instruments are all blown in the same way: by blowing against a cup-shaped mouthpiece. This is why the saxophone cannot be called a brass instrument, although it is made of brass.

The way that a player shapes his mouth to blow an instrument is called the “embouchure”. Woodwind instruments have several different embouchures.

In an orchestra there may be two each of flutes, oboes, clarinets and bassoons. In larger orchestras, particularly from the Romantic period onwards, there may be three or four. Sometimes the extra instruments such as the piccolo are used. If, for example, in an orchestral piece the third flute is marked “doubling piccolo”, it means that the person playing flute 3 will also play the piccolo. However, if the piccolo plays at the same time as flute 3 they will obviously need an extra player for the piccolo part.

Woodwind instruments in an orchestra often have short solos. These will be played by the first player (the “section principal”).

Bewitched

Bewitched is a comedy television show that was shown on TV by ABC from 1964 to 1972. It is about a man who is married to a witch.

The lead characters are Darrin and Samantha Stephens. Samantha twitches her nose or moves her hands to make a spell happen. Samantha was played by Elizabeth Montgomery. Darrin was played by Dick York from 1964 to 1969. Because of illness, Dick York left the show and was replaced by Dick Sargent who played Darrin from 1969 to 1972. Samantha's mother Endora was played by Agnes Moorehead. Endora dislikes Darrin and often makes things difficult for him.

Dumbo

Dumbo is a 1941 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released on October 23, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures. The fourth movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics, "Dumbo" is based upon a child's book of the same name by Helen Aberson and illustrated by Harold Perl. The main character is Jumbo Jr., a baby elephant who is cruelly nicknamed Dumbo. He is ridiculed for his big ears, but in fact he is capable of flying by using them as wings. Throughout most of the movie, his only true friend aside from his mother is the mouse Timothy, making fun of the stereotype between mice and elephants. "Dumbo" was made to make up for the damages of "Pinocchio" and "Fantasia". The movie has been criticized in recent years as being "racist" (the leader crow in the movie was named "Jim Crow" and at some point around the 1950s was renamed "Dandy Crow" in attempt to avoid controversy, but the original name is still the one mostly known, although it was supposed to be just a sarcastic mockery to the Jim Crow laws in the Southern USA back then and was used only on the character's model sheets), yet is also considered to be one of Disney's best movies. It was an attempt to be simple and make profits for the Disney studio, is now generally regarded as a classic of animation. At 64 minutes, it is one of Disney's shortest animated features.

Florida, 1941. Mrs. Jumbo sadly looks on how babies are delivered by the stork to other circus animals. As even a baby elephant makes a pretty heavy package, hers is the last to arrive, but soon becomes the laughing stock of the others because of his big ears, getting meanly named "Dumbo" by the others. When Mrs. Jumbo can not take the public making fun of her son, she is locked up as "mad elephant", and Dumbo finds himself all alone. A mouse named Timothy comes and scares the mean herd. He encourages Dumbo and tells the circus director to make Dumbo the top (literally) of an elephant pyramid stunt which ends up literally bringing the house down, and Dumbo is given the job of "baby clown" in a repetitive, humiliating and dangerous number as punishment. To cheer Dumbo up, Timothy brings him to go see his mother. The next morning, they find themselves up in a tree with a bunch of crows, who discover that Dumbo can fly.


Uncredited crewmen:

Dumbo is the main character in the movie. He is a fictional anthropomorphic elephant who has really big ears. He can fly using his big ears. Similar to Dopey from "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs" and Gideon in "Pinocchio", Dumbo has no spoken dialogue. However, in the live-action/puppet television series "Dumbo's Circus", Dumbo was voiced by Katie Leigh.

In the movie, Dumbo is delivered by Mr. Stork, and is made fun of for the strange size of his ears. As his mother, Mrs. Jumbo, beats up the bullies who pick on her baby, the ringmaster has his helpers chain her up and lock her up in a trailer, which says: "MAD ELEPHANT". It is then that Timothy Q. Mouse looks after Dumbo. The two of them try to make Dumbo famous and get his mother free. Thanks to the help of a "magic feather" from some crows, Dumbo flies to fame, and gets his mother free.

Timothy Q. Mouse is a mouse who became the only friend of elephants Dumbo and his mother Mrs. Jumbo. He teaches Dumbo how to become the ninth wonder of the universe, and the only flying elephant in the whole world.

Mrs. Jumbo is Dumbo's mother. Deeply depressed at not having her baby delivered, she loves her son more than anything. She becomes angry when the boys pick on him.

Other characters include the other elephants who also make fun of Dumbo, the Ringmaster, the clowns of the circus, the Pink Elephants, Mr. Stork and the Crows who give Dumbo the "magic feather" and teach him to fly.

Even though World War II was going on, "Dumbo" was still the most financially successful Disney movie of the 1940s. This was one of the first of Disney's animated movies to be broadcast, albeit severely edited, on television, as part of Disney's anthology series. The movie then received another distinction of note in 1981, when it was the first of Disney's canon of animated movies to be released on home video and also was released in the "Walt Disney Classics" Video Collection in 1985. That release was followed by remastered versions in: 1986, 1989, 1991 (Classics), and 1994 (Masterpiece). In 2001, a 60th Anniversary Special Edition was released that has original RKO titles. In 2006, a "Big Top Edition" of the movie was released on DVD that also has original RKO titles. A UK Special Edition was released in May 2007 and was a successful Disney release.




The movie received very good reviews and did well at the box office despite being released less than 2 months before "World War II".

It also has been known as both a classic and a masterpiece, and has received a Special Edition 60th Anniversary Disney DVD on October 23, 2001, exatly 60 years after its first release. That release featured a sneak peek of a direct-to-video sequel called Dumbo 2. The preview showed a lot of sketches and storyboard ideas. The main story has to do with Dumbo and his new friends getting separated from the rest of the circus as they wonder into the big city. Dumbo's new friends are Claude and Lolly the twin bears who leave chaos everywhere they go, Dot the curious zebra, Godfrey the hippo who is older and wants to do things for himself, and Penny the adventurous ostrich. Timothy returns as well. The story was supposed to be as if the first Dumbo ended and this one started the next day. The project seems to have been canceled,as no further announcements have been made since, plus the fact that The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Beginning, Tinker Bell, and its sequels, were to be the last projests for DisneyToon Studios.

The crow characters in the movie are often seen as African-American stereotypes.
The leader crow voiced by Cliff Edwards was originally named "Jim Crow" for script purposes. The other crows are all voiced by African-American actors and singers, all members of the Hall Johnson Choir: Nick Stewart, James Baskett, Jim Carmichael and Hall Johnson. The late famous duo of African-American dancers Freddie and Eugene Jackson were invited and hired by Disney to work as live-action reference and models for the animators of the characters, like the chief-animator and Disney Legend Ward Kimball, improvising dances and movements then used in the iconic musical sequence "When I See An Elephant Fly". Despite suggestions of racism by writers like Richard Schickel, many historians, critics, writers, pundits and personalities such as John Grant, Leonard Maltin, John Canemaker, Floyd Norman, Eric Goldberg, Alex Wainer, Michael Wilmington, Whoopi Goldberg and Neal Gabler reject these claims. For instance, the crows are noted as forming the majority of the characters in the movie who are empathetic and sympathetic to Dumbo's plight (the others are Timothy Q. Mouse and Mrs Jumbo), they are free spirits who serve nobody, and intelligent characters aware of the power of self-confidence and of what means being ostracized and marginalized, unlike the Stepin Fetchit stereotype common at that time and in the previous decade. Furthermore, their song "When I See An Elephant Fly" is more orientated to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo's large ears.



"Dumbo's Circus" was a live-action puppet television programme for preschool audiences that aired on The Disney Channel in the 1980s. Unlike in the movie, Dumbo spoke on the show. Each character would perform a special act, which ranged from dancing and singing to telling knock knock jokes.


Dumbo the Flying Elephant is a popular ride that appears in Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom, Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Park (Paris), and Hong Kong Disneyland.

Dumbo appears as a hero in the game Kingdom Hearts. Sora, the main character, flies on him and Dumbo splashes enemies with water from his trunk.

(NOTE: Most of the above titles were later renamed simply "Dumbo".)




Bertolt Brecht

Brecht went to school in Augsburg, where his father was the director of a paper factory.
He completed his degree in 1917.
Afterwards he studied sciences, medicine and literature at the Ludwig-Maximilians-University in Munich. He had to take a break in his studies because he had to join the army.

In the 1920s, Brecht went to Berlin and became a part of the cultural scene. He met his second wife Helene Weigel in Berlin and married her, after divorcing his first wife. It was with his second wife that Brecht had another son.

In Berlin he met a lot of artists and intellectuals of the Weimar Republic. 
His works became very critical about the capitalistic society (e.g. "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny" (1930)). Many of his friends were communists, but he never joined the KPD.
His most famous work was from that time, the "Dreigroschenoper".

In 1933 the Nazis prohibited playing some of his works and arrested some of his friends.
After the Reichstag fire, he travelled from Germany to Prague, Vienna, Switzerland and Denmark.

For the next five years he lived in Denmark. In 1938 he wrote "Das Leben des Galilei" (The Life of Galilei) about Galileo Galilei, who was hunted by the Holy Inquisition because he wanted to tell the scientific truth.

When Germany occupied Denmark he had to flee once again.

He went to Sweden, then to Finland and finally to Moscow in the Soviet Union.
Even under Stalin he was not safe. He therefore flew through China to the United States.
He lived and worked in California and translated a lot of text.

In 1947, in the McCarthy era, the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) investigated him, because they suspected him of being a communist. 
He gave a statement and said that he had never been a member of the communist party. 
He then flew back to Switzerland - the only place he could go to at the time.

In 1948 he was allowed to return to Berlin, East Berlin.
He was an important writer and director for the young East Germany.
After the workers' protest on June 17 1953, Brecht complained about the Eastern German government which landed him into some trouble. From that point on he got more and more isolated.

Brecht died of a heart attack in 1956 at the age of 58 years in Berlin.

Dramas (chronological)


One act dramas


Lyrics

Lyric cycles

Lyirics and songs (not complete)


Prosa


Ausgaben


Beresford, South Dakota

Beresford is a city in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. Most of the city is located in Union County, but a small part of it is in Lincoln County. Beresford became a city in 1884, and 2,180 people lived there at the 2020 census.


Gotthold Ephraim Lessing

Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (22 January 1729 in Kamenz (Saxony) – 15 February 1781 in Braunschweig) was a German poet and philosopher in the time of the enlightenment.
Lessing was one of twelve children. His father was a Protestant priest. He went to school in Kamenz and got a stipendium for the Higher School in Meißen. From 1746 to 1748, he studied medicine and theology in Leipzig. In 1750, he moved to Berlin, where he met Voltaire. In 1752 he got the Magister (Master) degree from the university in Wittenberg.

He moved back to Leipzig in 1755, but returned later to Berlin. He traveled around in Europe and studied. He worked as a reporter. From 1760 to 1765, he worked as secretary for a general in "Breslau" (today: Wroclaw). Later he worked at the theater and became a librarian. Lessing got married in 1776. But 1778 his wife died.

In 1781, Lessing died.


Heinrich Böll

Heinrich Böll (December 21, 1917 in Cologne – July 16, 1985 in Langenbroich the Eifel, south of Bonn) was a German writer. He was the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1972.

Böll was born in Cologne. His family were strong Catholics and pacifists.
He went to school from 1922 to 1937. After his abitur, he started a training to become a bookseller. He did not go to the Hitler Youth, but he had to join the German army in the World War II. In 1939, he started to study German literature in Cologne, but he had to break for his army service.

In 1945 he became prisoner of war by the Americans. The Americans wanted to educate the German people to became a democracy. So they encouraged prisoners with talent to write. Böll and some other young writers founded the group 47.

Böll wrote a lot of social critical literature. His main themes were the repression in the way of life by conservative catholic forces and the unsolved problem of old Nazis in the society.

In the 1970s, he criticized the losing of civil laws by the fight against terrorism (of the RAF, Red Army Faction, a left-winged political terror group in the 1970s in West Germany). For that reason, the Bild-Zeitung, an very conservative yellow press newspaper, started a campaign against him.

In the late 1970s, he started to look for Human Rights in the Eastern Block, where some friends of his lived, too. He helped the Soviet dissidents Alexander Solshenizyn and Lev Kopelev.

In the 1980s, he worked for the peace movement. He protested against the nuclear armament in West Germany.

He went back to the Roman Catholic Church, which he left 1976 by protests, before he died.

The Green Party of Germany gave its foundation the name of Böll, Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung. The goals of the foundation are for countries to work together, civil laws and democratic and ecological thinking.


More than seventy translations of Annemarie and Heinrich Böll are listed in the bibliography published in 1995 by Werner Bellmann: poetical works of , , , , , , et al.



Anna Seghers

Anna Seghers (; born "Anna Reiling," 19 November 1900 – 1 June 1983), was a German writer notable for exploring and depicting the moral experience of the Second World War.

Seghers' parents were orthodox Jews, but also interested in Christianity. Nelly made her abitur in 1920. Before this, she had served as a nurse during World War I.

She married Hungarian Laszlo Radvanyi in 1925, and obtained Hungarian citizenship.

After the Nazis took over government in Germany, she was arrested and her books were burned.

In 1947 she returned to Berlin, Eastern Berlin, joining the Socialist Party. She worked for the Writers Union of the GDR.

She died in 1983 in Berlin.

Friedrich Schiller

Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller (November 10, 1759 in Marbach, Württemberg – May 9, 1805 in Weimar), usually known as Friedrich Schiller, was a German poet, philosopher, historian, and dramatist.




Clement Attlee

Clement Richard Attlee, 1st Earl Attlee (3 January 1883 – 8 October 1967) was a British politician. Prime Minister from 1945 to 1951, he was the first Labour prime minister with a majority in government, and was very important in the setting up of the welfare state. He was made a member of the House of Lords after he retired, and became the first Earl Attlee.

Attlee died of pneumonia in 1967. He is buried in Westminster Abbey.

Attlee was born in Putney. Attlee was educated at Haileybury College. He graduated from University College, Oxford with a Second Class Honours BA in Modern History in 1904. 

Attlee began a career as a barrister after graduating from Oxford. This lasted for two years. He then worked as manager of Haileybury House in East London. Attlee's work at the House inspired him to become a socialist. In 1907 he joined the Fabian Society. In 1908 he joined the Independent Labour Party. In 1911, he was employed by the UK Government. In 1919 Attlee became Mayor of Stepney. He was elected to Parliament in 1922 as the MP for Limehouse., In 1935 he was elected leader of the Labour Party. From 1942 to 1945 he was deputy prime minister. Attlee resigned as party leader after Labour lost the 1955 election. He was made a member of the Order of Merit in 1951 and a Knight of the Garter in 1956. In 1958 he started the Homosexual Reform Society with Bertrand Russell.

Bassoon

The bassoon is the lowest of the four main instruments of the woodwind family. Like the oboe, it has a double reed. The reed is attached to a curved metal mouthpiece called a "crook" or "bocal" which is joined to the main part of the instrument. This consists of two parts called ‘bass joint’ and ‘wing joint’ (or ‘tenor joint’). These two are joined at the bottom by a U-shaped piece called the ‘boot’. At the top of the instrument is the ‘bell joint’. The instrument is quite heavy. Some players have a neckstrap around their neck to support the weight, but usually they use a seat strap that connects at the bottom of the boot and goes across the floor. The bassoonist, a person who plays a bassoon, then sits on that strap. The bassoon is held to the right side of the bassoonist and the top of the boot joint is usually level with the players hip. The bassoon, when played right, can sound very beautiful. The bassoon has one of the largest note ranges, going from low B flat to a high F on the top line of the treble clef. The bassoon can also play in tenor clef, but usually plays bass clef.

Some bassoons have a white, ivory ring round the top of the bell joint. These are German bassoons (called ‘Heckel’). French bassoons (called ‘Buffet’) do not have this ring, and also sound quite different to German bassoons. Bassoons have keys to help the player to cover all the holes, but these keys do not use the Boehm fingering system like the other woodwind instruments. German bassoons use a system called the Heckel system, and French bassoons use the Buffet system.

The Bassoon is usually seen as a comical instrument, however it provides a very important role in the orchestra. In fact, the Saxophone was invented to replace the Bassoon and Oboe, however, was rejected because it didn't sound the same in the orchestra.

To play the bassoon, it is very important to have lots of breathing support. Like with the oboe, fast passages can be played using double tonguing (single tonguing is like saying “tu-tu-tu-tu-tu”, double tonguing is like saying “te-ke-te-ke-te-ke”). In most music, the bassoon will spend a lot of time playing a bass line, perhaps the same notes as the cello or tuba. It can sometimes sound quite amusing when playing an “um-cha-um-cha” accompaniment like in the “Dance of the Cygnets” from Tchaikovsky’s "Swan Lake". It can sound very tuneful and sad as in the second movement of Rimsky Korsakov’s "Sheherazade". Listen to the opening of Stravinsky’s "Rite of Spring" where it plays some quite high notes to fool people that it is the Cor anglais or the English Horn. Even a famous composer, Saint Saëns, did not know what the instrument was. Prokofiev uses the bassoon for grandfather’s tune in "Peter and the Wolf". Also, to play the bassoon, a player needs big hands because the bassoon's keys and holes are quite wide.

The holes are drilled in at an angle so that the upper register is not overblown and produces an unpleasant sound. Whisper keys were also invented to prevent overblowing. The bassoon is known for its reedy sound. Its upper register is shrill and sometimes scary. Middle register could be used for lullabies because of its majestic and soothing tone. Its lower register is deep, dark, and could be used for scary movies and such.

The bassoon developed from a renaissance instrument called the "curtal" or "dulcian". These were double reed instruments which often played with shawms. In the Baroque period the bassoon became popular as an instrument to play the bass line, perhaps playing the same as the cello. A man named Hotteterre made many parts of the modern bassoon. In the late Baroque period composers like Antonio Vivaldi wrote concertos for bassoon and orchestra. Some more famous bassoon concertos include one by Mozart, and in more recent times by Peter Maxwell Davies. The bassoon was a very important instrument in the orchestra. Mozart and Beethoven gave the bassoon important parts in the music.

In some pieces with a large orchestra a contrabassoon is used. This plays an octave lower than a bassoon, taking it right down to bottom B flat or C on the piano. Some contrabassoons are made to play a note lower, i.e. the very lowest note of the piano (A). One might expect to see the contrabassoon sticking up high above all the other instruments in the orchestra, but in fact the tube keeps doing U-turns, making four parallel rows of tubing. They are usually made with the bell pointing downwards. The weight is supported by a peg to the floor. The contrabassoon used to be shaped like a bassoon.

The contrabassoon adds richness to the sound of a full orchestra. Listen carefully for the contrabassoon in the hymn-like introduction to the last movement of "Symphony no 1" by Brahms. It can be clearly heard, growling away, in the opening of the "Piano Concerto for the Left Hand" by Ravel.

Octave

An octave is the distance between two musical notes that have the same letter name.

If a musician sings or plays a scale (‘do-re-mi-fa-sol-la-si-do’) the first and last ‘do’ are an octave apart. It is called an ‘octave’ because there are eight notes in a scale (‘octo’ is Latin for ‘eight’).

If a musician sings or plays the first two notes of the song “Somewhere over the rainbow” (i.e. the word ‘Somewhere’) these two notes are an octave apart.

Two notes that are an octave apart sound very similar, almost like the same note. The scientific reason for this is that the top note vibrates twice as fast. For example: if someone plays Middle C on a piano, a hammer hits the Middle C strings inside and makes them vibrate 256 times a second. The C an octave higher will vibrate 512 times a second. 

Young children who learn the piano will not be able to stretch an octave with one hand, if their hands are too small. Most adults can stretch an octave easily (playing one note with the thumb, and the other with the little finger).


Tinder

Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match.
Some materials commonly used as tinder are:

Stephen Harper

Stephen Joseph Harper (born April 30, 1959) is a Canadian economist, entrepreneur, and retired politician. He was the 22nd Prime Minister of Canada from 2006 to 2015. He is a member and the former leader of the Conservative Party, after being elected in 2004. He was elected in February 2006 and replaced Paul Martin as Prime Minister.

Harper was born in 1959 in Toronto, Ontario and lives in Calgary, Alberta. He is married to Laureen Teskey and has two children. He is the third Prime Minister, after Pierre Trudeau and John Turner, to send their children to Rockcliffe Park Public School, in Ottawa. Stephen Harper was Prime Minister for nine years, during which Canada hosted both the Vancouver 2010 Olympics and Paralympic Winter Games. Harper also hosted the G8 and G20 meetings.

Harper is a conservative and supports cutting government spending and taxes. As Prime Minister, he has cut the goods and services tax and approved a budget that would cut funding to several government programs. He has also shown support for the military and a bigger Canadian military presence in the northern part of Canada. Harper is an evangelical Christian.

Even though Harper did win the seat in the riding of Calgary Heritage during the October 19, 2015 federal election, the Conservative Party was defeated by the Liberal Party of Canada, which was led by Justin Trudeau and who succeeded Harper as Prime Minister. It was thereafter announced Harper would resign as party leader and had requested an interim leader be chosen to serve until a leadership election can be held.

Tadpole

A tadpole or polliwog is the larva of a frog. It breathes water and lives in the water. Tadpoles hatch from small eggs.

Frog eggs are round and toad eggs are laid in long strings. Like bird eggs, they have nutrients (food) inside them for the young animal to grow before it hatches.

Tadpoles swim by lateral undulation: their tails move side to side, not up and down. 

Most types of tadpole eat only plants, for example algae on rocks. Some types of tadpole eat plants and animals, even other smaller tadpoles.

After some time, the tadpoles begin to grow legs: first the hind legs and then the front legs. Then they are called froglets. Soon after, froglets grow lungs and begin to breathe air and lose their tails. The tail disappears because the cells in the tail gently die. Each tadpole's mouth changes from small to as wide as its head. Its intestines become shorter. They grow larger, and eventually become adults.

How fast or slow the eggs hatch and how fast or slow the tadpole becomes a froglet is different in different frogs. Some tadpoles take months to become frogs. Some stay tadpoles all winter and do not become frogs until the next spring, or even three years later. Some frogs lay their eggs in bodies of water that are only there in the spring and dry up in the summer, so the tadpoles must become frogs in only a few weeks.

Zeulenroda-Triebes

Zeulenroda-Triebes is a German town in the rural district of Greiz in Thuringia.

It has about 18,000 inhabitants. Most famous sight of the town is the beautiful town hall.


Harry Nilsson

Harry Edward Nilsson III (June 15, 1941 – January 15, 1994) was an American singer-songwriter. 

Nilsson was born in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York City. His paternal grandparents were Swedish.

"Without Her" is one of his early hits. This number is nowadays considered one of his standards as Blood, Sweat & Tears did later an jazzy cover on their album. His biggest hits were during the late 1960s and the 1970s. His songs include "Me And My Arrow", "Coconut", "Cuddly Toy", "Spaceman", and "One". "One" was also a hit for the band Three Dog Night. Nilsson's two most famous songs were "Without You" and "Everybody's Talkin'". These songs were written by other people. "Without You" has been re-recorded many times by other singers. It was written by Peter Ham and Tom Evans of Badfinger. "Everybody's Talkin'" was used in the 1969 movie "Midnight Cowboy". The song was written by Fred Neil.

Nilsson recorded a tribute to The Beatles on his first album. He used lines from fifteen of their songs in one cover version of "You Can't Do That". Derek Taylor, who worked for the Beatles, sent them copies of the album, and Nilsson became a friend of the band. He later shared a house with John Lennon and Ringo Starr. They worked together on each other's music.

Nilsson also wrote a cartoon movie named "The Point!". It was broadcast on ABC. It was about tolerance and diversity. "The Point!" was later turned into a musical. One production of the musical starred former Monkees Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones. The Monkees had recorded two of Nilsson's songs, "Cuddly Toy" and "Daddy's Song", after they met him through producer Chip Douglas.

Nilsson died of heart failure in Agoura Hills, California.

The movie "You've Got Mail" uses several of Nilsson's songs in its soundtrack.


Acoustic guitar

Acoustic guitars are hollow-bodied string instruments that believe resonance to supply sound. Once you pluck a string or strum a chord, the vibration of the strings is amplified by the highest of the guitar and thru the soundhole. These marks show where to press a string with the fingers of the left hand, to change the note that string plays. The right hand plucks or strums the strings, either with the fingers or using a plectrum ("pick"), to make them sound. Acoustic guitars are used in types of music ranging from classical to rock and roll, to bluegrass and folk. The six strings can be steel or nylon. Nylon strings are typically used for classical and related styles of music. Steel strings are typically used for most other styles.

The acoustic guitar came from Spain (an instrument with six strings), created by Antonio Torres Jurado. But at the beginning, the guitar was different with what we see the guitar now. In the 16th to 17th centuries, the guitar became popular in Europe. In the 18th century, the guitar changed to be similar to how it is now. But before the 19th century, many people thought the guitar could not be same as a piano or violin. They thought it could not play classical music. But at the beginning of 19th century, a famous guitar player, Fernando Sor, made the guitar become more popular and he made more people like playing the guitar. Before the 20th century, people played the acoustic guitar. In the 20th century, a musician in United States, Leo Fender, invented the electric guitar.

The guitar and the ukulele are similar in shape and other ways, but they are also different. The ukulele looking like a small guitar. But the guitar has six strings, and the ukulele has just four strings. The six strings in a guitar are tuned: E, B, G, D, A, and E; the four strings in a ukulele are tuned: G, C, E, and A. Also, the ukulele comes from Hawaii, and the guitar comes from Spain.

Flipper

A flipper is a special kind of limb that is flattened like a paddle for moving through water. Many animals that live in water, such as whales and seals have flippers. The flipper of a fish is called a fin.

It can also be an item worn on the foot to help people swim more easily.

Coral fungi

Coral fungi, more properly clavaroid fungi, are a group of mushrooms. They are usually shaped like coral, but can also be shaped like forks, worms or clubs. They are rubbery and at times are brightly coloured.

Originally, such fungi were put in the genus "Clavaria", and called "clavarioid", which means "Clavaria"-like. It is now known that clavarioid species are not all closely related. Since they are often studied as a group, we keep the informal (non-taxonomic) name of "clavarioid fungi", which is frequently used in research papers.

Most clavaria fungi grow on the ground, but some grow on well-decayed logs and stumps.
They are usually found in forests but some can also be found in fields. Like all mushrooms, they are decomposers.

Although they are not poisonous, some kinds are a laxative and some can cause stomach pain.

Corner E.J.H. 1950. "A monograph of Clavaria and allied genera". Cambridge: University Press.

Stone fruit

A stone fruit, also called a drupe, is a fruit with a large "stone" inside. The stone is sometimes called the seed, but that is a mistake, as the seed is inside the stone. The stones can also be called a pit. These fruits are edible and used frequently in cooking.

A fruit is the matured ovary of a flower. Fruits consist of two main parts: the pericarp, or ovary wall, and the seed(s).

The pericarp has three layers: the exocarp (skin/rind), the mesocarp (bulk of the pericarp), and the endocarp (innermost layer).

The two main classes of fleshy fruits are berries and drupes, or stone fruits.

Berries have a fleshy mesocarp and endocarp, and may have multiple seeds.

Drupes have a fleshy mesocarp, but a tough endocarp, and of course, a "stone" or "pit" at its center. Drupes typically have only a single seed.

Humpback whale

A humpback whale ("Megaptera novaeangliae") is a large baleen whale with long flippers and a knobbly head. They can be found in every ocean.

They can grow to 15–16 m (49–52 ft) long and weigh up to 40 metric tons.

Humpback whales can live up to 45 years. They migrate between the places they feed in the winter and the places they give birth in the summer. They usually live alone.

Humpback whales eat krill and small fish, for example herring, capelin, and sand lance. They scoop up their food in their large mouths. Sometimes they round up their prey by swimming in tight circles and blowing curtains of bubbles around them. They often hunt in small groups, called pods.

The male whale is known to sing for up to 22 hours at a time. Because whales do not have vocal cords, they make songs by forcing air through their nasal passages. Every male has a different song. We don't yet know why they sing, it might be to call a female or scare away other males. The songs are made up of a pattern of low notes repeated over a period of hours or days. The whales slowly change their songs over a period of years.

Both the male and female humpback whales make other sounds, such as moans and grunts, to communicate with each other.

Slovak language

Slovak is the language spoken in Slovakia, a country in Central Europe. It is a language from Slavic language family. It is very similar to Czech, and Czechs and Slovaks understand each other quite well when they speak their own language. Polish and Sorbian are also quite similar. All of them belong to the western branch of Slavic languages. Slovak is spoken by more than 5 million people.

Slovak is written using the Latin alphabet, but some letters have special signs (called diacritics).

The letters č, š, ž and dž are like the English sounds in "ch"in, "sh"in, vi"s"ion and "j"uice.

The letters ď, ľ, ň, and ť are called “soft consonants” and are pronounced with the blade of the tongue at the roof of the mouth.

The letters c, dz and j are also soft, like "ts" in ba"ts", "ds" in ro"ds", and "y" in "y"es.

Signs over a vowel show that the vowel is pronounced long: á, é, í, ó, ý ú. A long vowel is never followed in the next syllable by a short vowel.

The letter ô is like English "wo"man, and ä is the same as the letter e.

The letter ch is like "ch" in Scottish lo"ch". V is more like English "w".

The letters b, d, ď, dz, dž, g, h, z, ž are voiceless when they are at the end of a word (for example, 'd' will sound like 't').

The accent is always on the first syllable of the word. That is different from Russian, for example, in which the stress can be anywhere.

Like other Slavic languages, Slovak is difficult for English-speakers to pronounce., especially because several consonants often come together. In the sentence: “Strč prst skrz krk!” there is not one single vowel (it means: “Stick a finger through your neck!”)!

The grammar is similar to Russian, but there are some differences. Slovak, unlike Russian, has a separate word for “to be”:

Unlike English, Slovak does not have articles (such as “the” and “a”).

There are three genders in Slovak, therefore it is important to know whether a noun is masculine, feminine or neuter. There is no article to make it obvious (unlike in German), but it changes the adjective's ending.

Like many other European languages, Slovak verbs agree with the person, and there are different forms for 'I', 'you', 'he', etc. Verbs have different aspects to show whether or not the action is complete. There are also different cases that show how a word is used in a sentence. Different prepositions use different cases. All of that makes grammar quite complicated for English-speakers.

The numbers from 1 to 10 are .

Use the familiar form when talking to a child, and the polite form when talking to an adult.

Electronic Arts

Electronic Arts, Inc. (EA Games) is a large company which makes computer and video games all over the world. They made famous games such as "FIFA", "The Sims", "Madden NFL" and "Medal of Honor". They also made the "Need for Speed" series. EAs most popular products are the games which are sold under the EA Sports label.

The company was started in February 1982 by Trip Hawkins. They first shipped their games in May 1983.
They have since then produced video games every year.

EA owns other smaller game companies which they call 'studios'.

A few of these include Maxis (creators of "The Sims"), Bullfrog (creators of "Theme Park" and "Theme Hospital"), and BioWare (makers of "Mass Effect").


Tap (valve)

A tap, faucet, or spigot is something that a liquid or gas comes out of. Taps usually have a handle that can be turned to start or stop the liquid coming out.

Many taps give water and are used in homes. They are found in kitchens and bathrooms.

Water that comes out of a tap is called "tap water". At many restaurants, a person can ask for tap water instead of bottled water.

Competition

A competition or contest is an event where people get together to see who is the best at something. Someone who takes part in a competition ("enters for a competition") is called a competitor. The competitors compete against one another. The person who wins may get a prize. The prize might be a trophy or money.

Competitions can be for lots of different things, for example, sport, writing, music, dancing, science, or chess.

Some competitions need a referee. The referee will make sure that the game is played fairly and that the competitors obey the rules. In events like music competitions there will often be an adjudicator who will decide which person they think is the best.


The adjective of 'competition' is competitive.

There are a lot of different kinds of competitions, for example:

or see the gallery of images below:

SimCity

SimCity is a computer game where the player has to build a city. They can do whatever they want to their city. It can be built from the ground up or it can be destroyed by a hurricane or a UFO.

"Sim City" was made by game maker Will Wright and first released by the company Maxis. They are now owned by Electronic Arts. The game was first officially released in 1989.

It was very popular because the game had no end. A player could not win or lose. This was the start of all simulation games.

At the start, the player has to build power plants. Power plants make power so the city can have electricity. By building power lines, power is connected to the different areas of the city. Water needs to be pumped in from a river using pipes to connect them to the city.

Smaller areas are marked out. These are made either residential, commercial, or industrial zones. Zones are the only places where buildings can develop. Every city needs the right amount of each zone otherwise the city will not grow.

Roads, schools and hospitals must all be built for the city to get better. Parks and libraries make more people want to move to the city. Railways and highways provide ways to connect to other neighborhoods.

After the first game, many more were created. These were made up of three games, with spin-offs and expansion packs. These were:

Doorstop

A doorstop (or door stop or doorstopper) is a tool.

There are two types. One holds a door open (or "stops" it from closing), and the other stops the door from hitting a wall.

Doorstops that keep the door from hitting a wall can be put on the door, or on the wall, or on the floor in front of the wall.

Doorstops that are used to keep a door open come in two varieties:

Digital rights management

Digital rights management (DRM) is a way to make it difficult to copy music, movies, and computer programs. It is used to make people follow copyright laws. It works by using computer technologies.

Many companies use DRM to protect their properties from copyright infringement, such as Sony, Microsoft and the BBC. Other companies also use DRM.

Some people do not like digital rights management. They think that DRM makes copying harder than copyright laws allow. The Free Software Foundation suggested that 'digital restrictions management' is a better name.

People can break DRM. If someone breaks a DRM technology then copying is possible. All common DRM technologies have been broken. Making a DRM technology that can not be broken is very hard. Some people say that all DRM technologies can be broken. In the United States it is illegal to break a DRM.

DRM is a way for companies to keep their profits while sharing their content online. A good example of this is BBC iPlayer. They do this by keeping their content online for a certain amount of time. 

Cement

Cement is a material that hardens and sticks to other materials to hold them together. Portland cement is a common kind, and made from quicklime (heated limestone) and clay. Cement is used to make concrete and mortar. Cement is widely used for plastering and rendering. Plastering is done for the inner walls, and cement rendering is done for the exterior walls. Cement rendering is also used to clad brickwork on either exterior, interior, or boundary walls. This keeps brickwork protected from rain and water.

Joseph Aspdin developed Portland cement in the 19th century. He heated ground limestone and clay mix and then pulverized the mixture into fine powder. In 1824 he also obtained a patent for his creation. Portland cement is suitable for wet climates and can be used underwater.

The global cement market is estimated to be around $340 billion. China is the top cement producer, followed by India and the USA. The rising population is driving the cement demand. Countries in Asia, the Middle East, and Africa are improving their infrastructure which is resulting in the growth of the global cement industry.

Brown algae

Brown algae are a large group of multicellular algae. All the brown algae are multicellular. Most brown algae have fucoxanthin, a chemical that gives them a brown color. They include many seaweeds in colder waters of the Northern Hemisphere. Most brown algae live in marine environments, where they play an important role both as food and as a potential habitat.

There are 2000 species of brown algae. Most species live in the ocean. They are important as food and as homes for many animals and marine life. Some brown algae are gathered by humans for food. The giant kelp "Macrocystis" is a brown alga that forms underwater forests, and it may grow to 60 meters. The Sargasso Sea gets its name from the "Sargassum" seaweed that floats on the surface. Many brown algae grow on rocks at the seashore.

Brown algae are unique among heterokonts in developing into multicellular forms with differentiated tissues. But they reproduce by means of flagellated spores and gametes that look like the cells of other heterokonts. Genetic studies show their closest relatives to be the yellow-green algae (Xanthophyceae).

This is a list of the orders in the class Phaeophyceae:

Bacillus

Bacillus is a genus of rod shaped bacteria. They are Gram-positive, meaning they have an extra outside cell layer.

Bacilli are partly or wholly aerobic. They do aerobic respiration. They are every where in nature. "Bacillus" includes both free-living (non-parasitic) and parasitic pathogenic species.

Under stressful conditions, they produce endospores. These are not true spores, but like survival pods they can stay in a dormant state for long periods.

Some species of "Bacillus" are worth noting:



Milk powder

Milk powder is a powder made by dehydrating milk. When water is added, it becomes liquid milk again. Milk powder is often used in countries that lack widespread access to refrigeration. As well, it is often used in recipes that call for milk.

Vaccinium vitis-idaea

Vaccinium vitis-idaea (also called lingonberry, partridgeberry, mountain cranberry or cowberry) is a small evergreen shrub from the heather family that makes edible fruits. 

Dehydration

Dehydration (hypohydration) means less water in something. The word comes from the ancient Greek word for water, "hydor".

People get dehydrated when they lose more water than they take in. The human body needs water to survive. If a person gets badly dehydrated, their body will be unable to work the right way. Bad dehydration can cause organ damage and even death.

A living organism will get dehydrated if their body is losing water in some way and they do not drink enough to replace the water. The most common causes of dehydration are: 

Any living being can get dehydrated. Some people are more at risk of dehydration. Elderly people, very young children, and people with chronic illnesses are at the highest risk for dehydration.

Dehydrated people may have different symptoms depending on how dehydrated they are. If dehydration is not treated, it will get worse. As dehydration gets worse, the symptoms get more dangerous.

When people start to get dehydrated, they may have these symptoms: 

When dehydration gets severe (very bad), its symptoms include: 

Severe dehydration is a medical emergency. If a person with severe dehydration does not get medical treatment soon enough, they can die.

Bad dehydration can cause serious health problems. Some of these problems are:

To fix dehydration, a person has to replace the fluids and electrolytes that they have lost.

When dehydration is not too bad, people can usually treat themselves by drinking. This is called oral rehydration therapy. Stores sell special drinks like Pedialyte and Gatorade, which have both water and electrolytes in them. People can also make their own oral rehydration solution (a drink which treats dehydration) by mixing water with sugar and salt.

People with very bad dehydration need emergency medical treatment. They may need to get fluids intravenously (through a needle placed into a vein). This replaces lost fluids and electrolytes much more quickly than drinking. It is also helpful for people who are unable to drink because of nausea and vomiting from dehydration.

Square Enix

Square Enix is a Japanese company that makes video games and manga. It was created on April 1, 2003. Two companies called Square Co., Ltd. and Enix combined to form Square Enix.

Square Enix is famous for its role-playing games. This includes the "Final Fantasy series", the "Dragon Quest series" and the "Kingdom Hearts series".They are one of the biggest videogame companies in the world.


Game designer

A game designer is someone who designs games. The term "game designer" usually refers to someone who designs computer or video games, but can also be a person who designs older games like a board game.

Shigeru Miyamoto

He is one of the most famous game designers in the world and is often called the father of modern video gaming. His games give players many ways to play and explore. This was unique in video games when his games were first released.

Miyamoto started working with Nintendo in 1977 as an artist when it was still a toy and playing-card company. In 1980, he designed "Donkey Kong", which was a big success. Miyamoto became Nintendo's leading producer, and he continues to create many popular games for Nintendo today Such as entries in the Super Mario and the Zelda series.

Miyamoto was born on November 16, 1952 in the Japanese town of Sonobe, which is a rural town that is northwest of Kyoto. His father taught English language.

Miyamoto graduated from Kanazawa Municipal College of Industrial Arts with a degree in industrial design. However, he could not find a job. He also loved manga. Before he thought about starting a career in video games, he wanted to become a professional manga artist. Manga's classical kishōtenketsu narrative structure influenced him. Western genre television shows also influenced him. The game that made him want to enter the video game industry was the 1978 arcade game "Space Invaders".

Nintendo was a small Japanese company in the late 1970s. They had traditionally sold playing cards and other novelties. However, they started making toys and games in the mid-1960s. Through a mutual friend, Miyamoto's father set up an interview with Nintendo president Hiroshi Yamauchi. After showing some of his toy creations, Miyamoto was hired in 1977 as an apprentice in the planning department.

Miyamoto became Nintendo's first artist. He helped create the art for Nintendo's first original coin-operated arcade video game, "Sheriff". He first helped the company develop a game with the 1980 release "Radar Scope". The game had some success in Japan. However, by 1981, Nintendo's efforts to sell it in the North American video game market failed. This left the company with a lot of arcade machines that were not sold. Nintendo was also facing financial ruin. In order to try to keep Nintendo going, Nintendo president Hiroshi Yamauchi decided to change unsold "Radar Scope" machines into a new arcade game. He asked Miyamoto to do this. Miyamoto said self-deprecatingly that "no one else was available" to do the work. Nintendo's head engineer, Gunpei Yokoi, oversaw the project.

Miyamoto thought of many characters and story ideas, but eventually decided on a love triangle between a gorilla, a carpenter, and a girl. He wanted to create something like what was with comic characters Bluto and Popeye for the woman Olive Oyl. Although, Nintendo tried to get the rights to "Popeye", but they failed. Bluto became an ape, a form Miyamoto said was "nothing too evil or disgusting". This ape would be the pet of the main character, "a funny, hang-loose kind of guy." Miyamoto also said "Beauty and the Beast" and the 1933 film "King Kong" influenced him. "Donkey Kong" was the first time that the creation of a video game's story came before the actual programming. Usually, the story was added without much care. Miyamoto had high hopes for his new project. However, he did not actually know how to program it himself; instead, he thought of the game's concepts, then asked technicians on whether they were possible. He wanted to make the characters different sizes, move in different ways, and react in various ways. However, Yokoi thought Miyamoto's original design was too difficult. Yokoi suggested using see-saws to catapult the character across the screen; however, this was also too difficult to do. Miyamoto next thought of using sloped platforms and ladders to move the character. He thought of using barrels for obstacles. When he asked that the game have multiple stages, the four-man programming team complained that he was basically asking them to make the game repeat, but the team eventually programmed the game. When the game was sent to Nintendo of America for testing, the sales manager did not like how it was different from the maze and shooter games common at the time. When American staffers started naming the characters, they decided on "Pauline" for the woman. She was named after Polly James, wife of Nintendo's Redmond, Washington, warehouse manager, Don James. The playable character was first called "Jumpman". They changed the name to Mario. He was named after Mario Segale, the warehouse landlord. These character names were written on the American cabinet art and used in advertising. The staff also got an English name for the game. The title was "Donkey Kong".

"Donkey Kong" was successful. Miyamoto started to work on sequels "Donkey Kong Jr." in 1982 and "Donkey Kong 3" in 1983. In the next game, he changed the "Donkey Kong" character Jumpman into Mario. He gave him a brother: Luigi. He named the new game "Mario Bros." Yokoi convinced Miyamoto to give Mario some special powers, namely being able to fall from any height without getting hurt. Mario's look in "Donkey Kong"—overalls, a hat, and a thick mustache—led Miyamoto to change parts of the game. He changed it to make Mario look like a plumber instead of a carpenter. Miyamoto thought that New York City would be the best setting for the game. He thought it was the best place because it has a "maze of subterranean sewage pipes". The two-player mode and other parts of gameplay were influenced by an earlier video game called "Joust". To date, games in the "Mario Bros." series have been released for many consoles. Shortly after, Miyamoto also drew the character sprites and game design for the "Baseball", "Tennis", and "Golf" games on the NES.

Nintendo released its first home video game console, the Family Computer (released in North America as the Nintendo Entertainment System). While this happened, Miyamoto created two of the most famous games for the console and in the history of video games as a whole: "Super Mario Bros." (a sequel to "Mario Bros.") and "The Legend of Zelda" (an entirely original title).

In both games, Miyamoto decided to focus more on gameplay than on high scores. This was different from most games at the time. "Super Mario Bros." was a linear game. The player moved the stage by running, jumping, and dodging or defeating enemies. Miyamoto used nonlinear gameplay in "The Legend of Zelda". This requires the player to think their way through riddles and puzzles. The world was big and it seemed to never end. It had a lot of different choices and depth never seen before in a video game. With "The Legend of Zelda", Miyamoto wanted to make an in-game world that players could relate to. He said it was like a "small garden that they can put inside their drawer." He was influenced from his time as a boy around Kyoto. When he was a boy, he explored nearby fields, woods, and caves; each "Zelda" title has this feeling of exploration. "When I was a child," Miyamoto said, "I went hiking and found a lake. It was quite a surprise for me to find it. When I traveled around the country without a map, trying to find my way, finding amazing things as I went, I realized how it felt to go on an adventure like this." He recreated his memories of becoming lost in the maze of sliding doors in his family home in "Zelda"s maze-like dungeons. In February 1986, Nintendo released the game as the first game for the Nintendo Entertainment System's new Disk System.

Miyamoto worked on different games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. These games included "Ice Climber", "Kid Icarus", "Excitebike", and "Devil World". He also worked on sequels to "Super Mario Bros" and "The Legend of Zelda".

Super Mario Bros. 3 was developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development; the game took more than two years to make.

A merger between Nintendo's different internal research and development teams led to the creation of Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development (Nintendo EAD). Miyamoto was the head of it. Nintendo EAD had about fifteen months to develop "F-Zero", one of the launch titles for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. Miyamoto worked on different games on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. One of them was "Star Fox". For the game, programmer Jez San convinced Nintendo to make an upgrade for the Super Nintendo. This upgrade would allow it to be able to show three-dimensional graphics better. This upgrade was the Super FX chip. Using this new hardware, Miyamoto and Katsuya Eguchi designed the "Star Fox" game with an early use of three-dimensional graphics.

Miyamoto produced two big "Mario" titles for the system. The first game was "Super Mario World". It was a launch title. It was included with Super Nintendo Entertainment System consoles. It had an overworld as in "Super Mario Bros.". It had a new character, Yoshi. Yoshi would go on to be in many other Nintendo games. The second "Mario" game for the system was "Super Mario RPG". It was different than most "Mario" games. Miyamoto led a team that was a partnership between Nintendo and Square Co.; it took almost a year to develop the graphics. The story takes place in a newly rendered Mushroom Kingdom based on the "Super Mario Bros." series.

Shigeru Miyamoto helped Satoshi Tajiri. Miyamoto guided him during the creation of "Pocket Monsters: Red and Green" (released in English as "Pokémon Red" and "Blue"), the first video games in the Pokémon series. He was also the producer for these games. Miyamoto worked on social gameplay ideas such as trading. Pokémon would become one of the most popular entertainment franchises in the world, spanning video games, anime, and other merchandise.

Miyamoto made several games for the Nintendo 64. Most of these games were from his previous franchises. His first game on the Nintendo 64 was "Super Mario 64". He was the main director. In developing the game, he started with character design and the camera system. Miyamoto and the other designers were unsure of what the game should be like. It took months to decide on a good camera view and layout. The first idea used a fixed path. This would have been similar to an isometric-type game.They decided on a free-roaming 3D design. He changed the design of the Nintendo 64 controller to fit with that of "Super Mario 64".

Using what he had learned about the Nintendo 64 from developing "Super Mario 64" and "Star Fox 64", Miyamoto produced his next game, "". He led a team of several directors. Individual parts of "Ocarina of Time" were developed by multiple directors—a new strategy for Nintendo EAD. However, when things progressed slower than expected, Miyamoto returned to the development team with a more central role. He was helped in public by interpreter Bill Trinen. The team was new to 3D games. However, assistant director Makoto Miyanaga remembers a feeling of "passion for creating something new and never done before". Miyamoto went on to produce a sequel to "Ocarina of Time", known as "".

Miyamoto worked many "Mario" series spin-offs for the Nintendo 64. These included "Mario Kart 64" and "Mario Party".

Miyamoto produced many games for the GameCube. This included the launch title "Luigi's Mansion". The game was first shown at Nintendo Space World 2000 as a technical demo. It was designed to show off the graphical power of the GameCube. Miyamoto made a short demo of the game concepts. Nintendo decided to make it a full game. "Luigi's Mansion" was later shown at E3 2001 with the GameCube console. Miyamoto made more "Mario" spinoffs in these years. He also produced the 3D game series "Metroid Prime". This was because the original designer Yokoi, a friend of Miyamoto's, died. In this time he developed "Pikmin" and its sequel "Pikmin 2". These games were based on his experiences gardening. He also worked on new games for the "Star Fox", "Donkey Kong", "F-Zero", and "The Legend of Zelda" series on the GameCube and the Game Boy Advance systems. With the help of Hideo Kojima, he helped the developers of "". He helped with many games on the Nintendo DS. The games included the remake of "Super Mario 64", "Super Mario 64 DS". It also included the new game "Nintendogs", a new franchise based on his own experiences with dogs.

Miyamoto produced "Super Mario 3D Land" and "" for the 3DS, and "Pikmin 3" for the Wii U.

After Nintendo president Satoru Iwata died in July 2015, Miyamoto was chosen to be an acting Representative Director, along with Genyo Takeda. He was no longer in this position in September 2015 when Tatsumi Kimishima became the company's president. He was also chosen to be in the position of "Creative Fellow" at the same time. He would give expert advice to Kimishima as a "support network" alongside Takeda.

Miyamoto was a creative director on the 2017 game "Super Mario Odyssey". He was not one of its producers. He is credited as being a big influence on the game's development.

Miyamoto and Nintendo do not use focus groups. Instead, Miyamoto figures out if a game is fun by playing it himself. He says that if he enjoys it, others will too. He uses how the "Pokémon" series was created as an example. He said "And that's the point – Not to make something sell, something very popular, but to love something, and make something that we creators can love. It's the most important feeling we should have when we make games."

"Time" called Miyamoto "the Spielberg of video games" and "the father of modern video games." "The Daily Telegraph" says he is "regarded by many as possibly the most important game designer of all time." "GameTrailers" called him "the most influential game creator in history." Miyamoto has greatly influenced various things about video games in general. "The Daily Telegraph" credited him with creating "some of the most innovative, ground breaking and successful work in his field." Many of Miyamoto's works have started new video game concepts or changed existing ones. Miyamoto's games have received outstanding critical praise. Some are considered to be the best games of all time.

Miyamoto's games have also sold very well. Some became the best-selling games on Nintendo consoles and of all time. As of 1999, his games had sold 250 million copies and grossed billions of dollars.

Miyamoto's games have received a lot of praise. Many of his games are considered some of the best of all time.

Games in Miyamoto's "The Legend of Zelda" series have received a lot of praise. was a big game for Nintendo. It is considered today to be one of the best video games ever made. is considered by critics and gamers to be one of the best video games ever made. "Twilight Princess" was praised by nearly everyone who reviewed it. It is the third highest-rated game for the Wii. It received perfect scores from major publications such as CVG, "Electronic Gaming Monthly", "Game Informer", GamesRadar, and GameSpy.

Many critics and fans say "Super Mario 64" is one of the best and most revolutionary video games of all time.

Metacritic says that "Super Mario Galaxy" and "Super Mario Galaxy 2" are the first- and second-highest rated games for the Wii.

A 1995 article in "Maximum" said that "in gaming communities, Miyamoto's name is more famous than Steven Spielberg's could ever be."

Miyamoto's games have sold very well. many of them became some of the best-selling games on Nintendo consoles and of all time.

Miyamoto's "Mario" series is the best-selling video game franchise of all time. It has sold over 400 million units. "Super Mario Bros." is the second best-selling video game of all time. "Super Mario Bros.", "Super Mario Bros. 3", and "Super Mario Bros. 2" were, respectively, the three best-selling games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Levi Buchanan of IGN considered "Super Mario Bros. 3"s appearance in the film "The Wizard" as a show-stealing part. He said the movie was a "90-minute commercial" for the game. "Super Mario World" was the best-selling game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. "Super Mario 64" was the best-selling Nintendo 64 game. As of May 21, 2003, the game had sold eleven million copies. At the end of 2007, "Guinness World Records" said the sales were 11.8 million copies. As of September 25, 2007, it was the seventh best-selling video game in the United States because it had sold six million copies. By June 2007, "Super Mario 64" had become the second most popular title on Wii's Virtual Console. "Super Mario Bros." was the most popular on the Wii Virtual Console. "Super Mario Sunshine" was the third best-selling video game for the GameCube.

The first "The Legend of Zelda" game was the fifth best-selling game for the Nintendo Entertainment System. "The Wind Waker" was the fourth best-selling game for the GameCube. "Twilight Princess" had sold well. In the PAL region, which covers most of Asia, Africa, South America, Australia, New Zealand, and most of Western Europe, "Twilight Princess" is the best-selling "Zelda" game ever. During its first week, the game was sold with three out of every four Wii purchases. The game had sold 4.52 million copies on the Wii as of March 1, 2008. 1.32 million copies were sold on the GameCube as of March 31, 2007.

The name of the main character of the PC game "Daikatana", Hiro Miyamoto, is for Miyamoto. The character Gary Oak from the Pokémon anime series is named Shigeru in Japan. He is the rival of Ash Ketchum (called Satoshi in Japan). Pokémon creator Satoshi Tajiri was mentored by Miyamoto.

In 1998, Miyamoto was the first person to be in the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences' Hall of Fame. In 2006, Miyamoto was made a "Chevalier" (knight) of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Minister of Culture Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres.

On November 28, 2006, Miyamoto was in "TIME Asia"'s "60 Years of Asian Heroes," alongside Hayao Miyazaki, Mahatma Gandhi, Mother Teresa, Bruce Lee and the Dalai Lama. He was later one of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of the Year in both 2007 and also in 2008. At the Game Developers Choice Awards, on March 7, 2007, Miyamoto received the Lifetime Achievement Award. Both GameTrailers and IGN placed Miyamoto first on their lists for the "Top Ten Game Creators" and the "Top 100 Game Creators of All Time".

He was made a Fellow of BAFTA at the British Academy Video Games Awards on March 19, 2010. In 2012, Miyamoto was the first interactive creator to be awarded the highest recognition in the Spanish-speaking world, the Prince of Asturias Award.

Miyamoto has a wife, Yasuko, and two children. In 2010, his son was 25 and working at an advertising agency. His daughter was 23 and studying zoology at the time. His children played video games in their youth, but he also made them go outside. Although he knows some English, he is not fluent and would rather speak in Japanese for interviews.

Miyamoto usually does not sign autographs. He is worried that if he signs an autograph for one person, many other people will ask for autographs too. He also does not appear on Japanese television because he likes privacy. More foreign tourists than Japanese people recognize him.

Miyamoto does not spend much time playing video games in his personal time. He likes playing the guitar, mandolin, and banjo. He likes bluegrass music. He has a Shetland Sheepdog named Pikku. The dog was why Miyamoto wanted to create "Nintendogs". He is also a semi-professional dog breeder. He has been quoted as saying, "Video games are bad for you? That's what they said about rock and roll."

Miyamoto like to move the furniture in his house, even late at night. He also said that he has a hobby of guessing how long something is, then checking to see if he was correct. He carries a measuring tape with him everywhere. In December 2016, Miyamoto showed his hobby on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon". He also played the "Super Mario Bros." theme on guitar with The Roots during the same show.


Individual

Individual can be an adjective or a noun.

As an adjective, a living thing that is individual is not in a group (by him/her/itself). An object that is individual is for only one person or thing (not shared by a group). Something that is individual can also be different from anyone else (unique).


As a noun, an individual is only one person or thing, not a group. An individual can also mean someone who is different from anyone else (one a kind).



Truck

A truck (or lorry in British English) is a motor vehicle used to transport goods, materials, or troops. The word "truck" comes from the Greek word ""trochos"", which means "wheel". Most trucks use diesel fuel. Trucks have variations in size, power, and configuration, with the smallest being mechanically similar to an automobile. Also, the road spreads the weight of the truck which means larger amounts can be carried than with trains (steam-powered, diesel-powered, or light rail) on railroad tracks.
"Light trucks" are trucks the size of cars. They are used by individuals and also companies. In the United States, a truck is a light truck if it weighs less than 6,300 kg (13,000 lb). Light trucks are only a little heavier than vans, minivans, SUVs or pickup trucks, but require a special driver's license.

"Medium trucks" are heavier than light trucks but lighter than heavy trucks. In the United States, a truck is a medium truck if it weighs between 6,300 kg (13,000 lb) and 15,000 kg (33,000 lb). Trucks that are used for local delivery and public service (dump trucks, garbage trucks) are normally around this size than a car or bus. Medium trucks have usually two axles: one at front and one at rear. The rear wheels may be coupled (that is: two wheels hitched together) to enable heavier load, but they may also be single, In the US, they are defined as weighing between 14001–26000 lb (6351–11793 kg). In global markets, a medium-duty truck is larger than a heavy-duty pickup truck or full-size van.

"Heavy trucks" are the heaviest trucks that are allowed on the road. In the U.K. they are known as "lorries". Usually heavy trucks have three axles: one at front and two at rear, and the rear axles have coupled wheels to enable heavy loads than a car or bus. Often heavy trucks pull trailers. They can be either "full trailers" which have both front and rear axles or boggies and their own brakes, and are connected to the towing truck with a towbar, or "semi-trailers", which are attached to a special kind of a truck called "tractor unit" with a turntable coupling ("fifth wheel"). A semi-trailer is a kind of trailer which has wheels only in the back and the front rides on the back of the tractor unit. The tractor unit has an engine and the semi-trailer does not. Driving a heavy truck requires a professional driver's license. Truck drivers are called "truckers".

The laws of various countries say what kind of vehicle combinations are allowed. A semi-trailer can be converted into a full trailer with using a "dolly". A dolly is a small trailer which has only a bogie (= set of wheels), fifth wheel coupling for the semi-trailer and a towbar. Using a dolly, the semi-trailer can now be hitched to an ordinary cargo-carrying truck and does not need a tractor unit.

A heavy truck-trailer combination is often called a big rig or eighteen-wheeler.

The largest heavy road trucks are the Australian "road trains" which may have up to four semi-trailers coupled to a tractor making a road train, and may carry up to 200 tonnes of cargo.

Box trucks or Dry vans ("tilts" in the UK) have walls and a roof, making a closed cargo room. The rear has doors. Some have a side door.

Concrete mixers have a turning drum on back. Turning it one way mixes the concrete. Turning it the other way pushes the concrete out. The concrete goes down "chutes" (like large pipes with an open top). On most trucks the concrete comes out the back. Some new types have the concrete goes over the cab and down chutes in the front. Concrete is very heavy and hard to mix. Concrete mixers have to be very heavy duty.

Dump trucks ("tippers" in the UK) carry sand, gravel, and dirt. Most dump trucks have an open-top box bed with an opening "tail-gate" door on the back. The body lifts up at the front. The load falls out the tailgate and is "dumped" on the ground behind the truck.

Flatbed trucks have a flat body with no sides. There is a wall between the cab and the body. The load will not move forward and hit the cab. The truck can be loaded from the side or top. Nothing covers the load. Some trucks have sides that can be taken off or folded down. Many times the load is covered with tarps.

Garbage trucks pick up garbage and trash from homes and some businesses. Most were loaded from the rear. Now some load from the front or side. The same type of truck is often used for recycling.

Semi-tractors ("artics" in the UK) have no bodies. They have a "fifth wheel" that carries weight. A semi-trailer has no front wheels. The front of the trailer goes on the fifth wheel. The semi-tractor carries weight from the trailer and pulls the trailer

Tank trucks ("tankers" in the UK) are designed to carry liquids or gases. They usually have a round tank that is long (a cylinder) lying on its side. There are many types of tanks because there are many liquids and gases. Most tankers are built for only one liquid.

Boom Truck is a truck with a hydraulic arm. The hydraulic arm on a boom truck is called the boom. This boom will reach out past the end of the vehicle, and it will grab the vehicles that need to be towed. The boom of the truck remains in a fixed position, which allows it to be a very stable option when it comes to towing.

Wreckers ("recovery lorries" in the UK and sometimes "tow trucks" in the US) are used to lift and tow broken cars and trucks as large as a semi-trailer truck. They usually have a boom with a cable. Cars are often carried on special flatbeds.


Crown-of-thorns starfish

The crown-of-thorns starfish ("Acanthaster planci") is a type of sea star. Usually, they have orange-red to purplish skin, with yellow or pink spikes on their skin. The crown-of-thorns is also one of the largest starfish in the world, as it has a diameter of up to 3 feet. The crown-of-thorns lives in the warmer areas of the Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, and Red Sea.

It only feeds on coral polyps, and usually at night. The crown-of-thorns climbs over its prey, releases digestive enzymes to break down its food, and then absorbs the coral polyp, which has now turned into a liquid. What's left behind by the sea star is the leftover coral skeleton.

They are usually of subdued colours, pale brown to grey-green, but they may be garish with bright warning colours in some parts of their wide range. These bright colours warn animals that may want to eat it that it is venomous.

The crown-of-thorns is well known for its destructive habits of eating coral, especially on the Great Barrier Reef, which is a World Heritage Site. Usually, when there are not too many of them, these sea stars help maintain the coral reef by preventing the faster-growing coral from taking over the coral reef. However, when there are too many crown-of-thorns, they can devastate the reef.

Sea urchin

Sea urchins are spiky members of the class Echinoidea of the phylum Echinodermata. Like the rest of the echinoderms, they are entirely marine. They are globe-shaped, and protected by calcareous plates and spines. 

"Urchin" is an old word for hedgehog, and in many foreign languages these animals are called sea hedgehogs.

Like other echinoderms they have five-fold symmetry (called pentamerism) and move by means of hundreds of tiny, transparent, adhesive 'tube feet'. The symmetry is not obvious in the living animal, but is easily visible in the dried test.

Sea urchins mostly feed on algae and small animals. They have a special chewing apparatus called "Aristotle's lantern", after the Greek philosopher Aristotle who was fascinated by sea urchins. With this apparatus they can scrape organisms stuck to the surface over which the urchin is moving.

The spines are long and sharp in some species, and protect the urchin from predators. The spines inflict a painful wound when they penetrate human skin, but are usually not dangerous. Echinoids also have pincer-like pedicellaria all over their body between the spines. The job of these is to deal with anything (like larvae) settling on the test (outer shell). It is not known if the spines are venomous (unlike the pedicellariae between the spines, which are venomous).

Typical sea urchins have spines that are in length, thick, and not terribly sharp. "Diadema antillarum", familiar in the Caribbean, has thin, potentially dangerous spines that can reach long.

Sea urchins have five jaws with one tooth each. The teeth grow throughout the sea urchin's life. The teeth of the pink sea urchin chip against each other to stay sharp.

Sea urchins feed mainly on algae, but can also feed on sea cucumbers, and a wide range of invertebrates such as mussels, polychaetes, sponges, brittle stars and crinoids. Sea urchins are one of the favorite foods of sea otters and wolf eels. Without predators to eat them, urchins breed in large numbers and eat almost all the nearby kelp, creating an "urchin barren", devoid of macroalgae and associated fauna. Sea otters have re-entered British Columbia, dramatically improving coastal ecosystem health by eating sea urchins.

The first echinoid fossils are from the Lower Ordovician period. The earliest forms had flexible tests, with plates that could slide over each other. Echinoids were a relatively unimportant part of the biota in the Palaeozoic. Only one group survived the P/Tr extinction event to form the basis of all later echinoids. The group which survived into the Triassic, the Cidaroids, radiated into all other modern groups, which are known as the Euechinoids.

The break with perfect symmetry, which happened in the Jurassic, gave them definite front and back ends. This opened up new habitats, in particular, the burrowing habitat. Sand dollars and heart urchins have been highly successful. The living echinoids are now important members of the biota, especially in shallow and in-shore waters.

Some humans eat the reproductive organs of sea urchins (which they call roe). This is popular in Korea. In Japan, this kind of sushi is called "uni".

Brittle star

Brittle stars are Echinoderms of the Class Ophiuroidea. The adults are superficially like starfish, but they are a different group, with different larvae. Like other echinoderms, they do have a skeleton of calcareous plates, and radial symmetry. There are about 1500 different species. 

Usually they have 5 "arms", which can grow long, up to 60 cm, in the largest species. The central disk of brittle stars can be three to eight inches in diameter. Unlike starfish, they live deeper in the ocean. Ophiuroids are known even from abyssal (>6000 m) depths. However, brittle stars are also common members of reef communities, where they hide under rocks and even within other living organisms. Generally, brittle stars live below 500m of depth. 

There are two related groups of Ophiuroids: the "Ophiurida" (brittle stars) and the basket stars ("Eurialida"). Basket stars usually live in the deeper parts of the range. Brittle stars are mostly scavengers and detrivores, able to catch some small prey on occasion.

Many brittle stars are more fragile than starfish, which is how they got their name. When they are picked up, their arms may fall off. This might make the animal seem brittle, but they often do this as a defense to escape from predators. 

Brittle stars do not use their tube feet for movement, but instead use muscles in their long, thin arms to go around rocks. Ophiurids move quickly when disturbed, and are faster movers than starfish. In living ophiuroids the plates are linked by longitudinal muscles. Ophiurid arms only move horizontally. The way their plates interlock prevents the arms from moving in any other plane. In contrast, basket star arms can move vertically. These movement patterns are distinct, and separate the groups.

Ophiuroids in general are mostly scavengers or detritivores. Small organic particles are moved into the mouth by the tube feet. Ophiuroids may also prey on small crustaceans or worms. Brittle stars will eat small suspended organisms if available. In large, crowded areas, brittle stars eat suspended matter from prevailing seafloor currents.

Basket stars (Euryalids) are large brittle stars with many rays. Their arms branch, and can be moved in any direction. This distinguishes them from the Ophiurids. Basket stars may be capable of suspension feeding, using the mucus coating on their arms to trap plankton and bacteria. They extend one arm out and use the other four as anchors. The arms form so many branches that they are almost feathery on the ends. They get their name because when they stretch their rays out to catch plankton, they look like the bottom of a basket.

Basket stars can be large and heavy, the biggest Ophiuroids. The largest, "Gorgonocephalus stimpsoni", weigh up to 5 kg (11 lbs) and has arms 70cms long, with a disk diameter of 14 cm.

Bivalve

The bivalves are a large class of molluscs, also known as pelecypods.

They have a hard calcareous shell made of two parts or 'valves'. The soft parts are inside the shell. The shell is usually bilaterally symmetrical.

There are over 30,000 species of bivalves, including the fossil species. There are about 9,200 living species in 1,260 genera and 106 families. All of them live in the water, most of them in the sea or in brackish water. Some live in fresh water. All are filter feeders: they lost their radula in the course of evolution. A few are carnivorous, eating much larger prey than the tiny microalgae eaten by other bivalves.

The best known examples of bivalves are clams, mussels, scallops and oysters.

Bivalves have two shells or valves connected by a hinge with hinge teeth. They are made of a calcareous mineral, calcite or aragonite. The valves are covered by a periostracum, which is an organic horny substance. This forms the familiar coloured layer on the shell.

The shells are usually held shut by strong adductor muscles. Scallops can use their muscles to flap the valves and swim.

A bivalve takes in water that has plankton and other things floating in it.

Some (but not all) molluscs have a part of their mantle known as the siphon (a tube). Siphons, if they exist, come in pairs, one to suck in, one to expel.

Anything that is small enough to fit inside the hole of its incurrent siphon enters the bivalve. When the floating material comes in, it gets stuck in slimy mucus that is on the surface of the bivalve's gills. The food is moved down to the mouth, which is on the other side of the siphon. Food is digested in the bivalve's stomach and intestine, and everything that is not digested goes out through the other siphon, with water.

The siphons are an adaptation of burrowing molluscs. Those that live above the substrate (sediment), such as scallops and oysters, do not need them.

There are four feeding types, defined by their gill structure: 

As a group, the bivalves are adapted to penetrate into, and to move along horizontally along, soft ground such as mud and sand. Common examples of this are razor shells, which can dig themselves into the sand with great speed to escape enemies, and cockles.

Scallops and file clams can swim to escape a predator, clapping their valves together to create a jet of water. Cockles can use their foot to leap from danger. However these methods quickly exhaust the animal. In the razor shells the siphons can break off only to grow back later.

The file shells can produce a noxious secretion when threatened, and the fan shells of the same family have a unique, acid-producing organ.

Bivalves are superficially similar to brachiopods, but the construction of the shell is completely different in the two groups. In brachiopods, the two valves are on the dorsal and ventral surfaces of the body, while in bivalves, they are on the left and right sides.

Bivalves appeared late in the Cambrian explosion and came to increase in the Palaeozoic, and dominate over brachiopods during the Mesozoic. So, it was thought that bivalves are better adapted to aquatic life than the brachiopods, and this caused brachiopods to be out-competed and relegated to minor niches.

However, after the Permian-Triassic extinction event bivalves had a huge adaptive radiation while brachiopods were devastated, losing 95% of their diversity.

The upshot was that bivalves took over the desirable inshore habitats. Brachiopods now live in deeper waters where food is scarcer.

Card

Card may refer to:

Card may also refer to:




Bishop

Bishop is a type of clergy in some Christian churches. The bishop is the leader of the Christians and the Christian priests in each diocese. The diocese which a bishop governs is called a bishopric. Episcopal is the adjective for bishops. A cathedral is the church building where the bishop has an episcopal throne. The cathedral is the main church of the diocese and the bishop's see. A bishop may be given the rank of archbishop in an archdiocese. 

Christian priests in some denominations must be made priests by bishops. In these denominations, bishops are above parish priests in the hierarchy of the church's organization. However, some Protestant denominations have no bishops or archbishops. The Presbyterianism is an example. The leader of the Church of Scotland is the Moderator. The General Assembly elects the Moderator of the Church of Scotland each year. Other Christian movements have neither bishops nor priests: Quakers are one example.

In the Catholic church, the Pope is chosen by all the cardinals from amongst their number. According to church law, this does not have to be the case: any male, unmarried, baptized Christian who is judged fit for the office can become pope. However, the last pope who was not a bishop was Urban VI (elected in 1378).

The pope is also 'the Bishop of Rome'. In fact he rules an independent state within Rome, called the Vatican. All Roman Catholic bishops answer to the pope (or to patriarchs in some orthodox churches). In the Anglican church, bishops are governed by Archbishops.

Usually a bishop can be identified by a special hat, called a mitre.


Tray

A tray is a shallow container designed for carrying things.

Trays are flat, but with raised edges to stop things from sliding off of them. They are often rectangular, and may or may not have handles with which to carry them.

A butler's tray has a deeper surround, handles on the short sides (usually cut into the surround) so that it can be easily carried, and folding legs. It is used to carry drinks, and can be used as a side table.

Orkney Islands

The Orkney Islands (often also called only Orkney) is an archipelago in the Northern Isles of Scotland, United Kingdom. It is about 16 kilometres north of Caithness. 20 of the about 70 islands have people living on them. The administrative centre is Kirkwall (with about 8000 people living there). The next largest settlements are Stromness (2000 people) and St. Margaret's Hope (with about 550 people).

In addition to the mainland, most of the islands are in two groups, the North and South Isles. All of them are made of sandstone. The climate is mild and the soil is fertile. Most of the land is farmed and agriculture is the main source of income for the economy. There are many birds and fish.

In 2023 there were proposals that the islands could change their status in the UK, to be more like the Isle of Man or even become a self-governing territory of Norway.

Ferry services go much of the time to Lerwick (in Shetland). Most islands have air strips (for airplanes). This includes the shortest known flight service in the world, between Westray and Papa Westray. Official flight time is 2 minutes. If the wind goes in the right direction, the flight can take just over a minute.


Methodism

Methodism, or the Methodist movement, is a group of Protestant denominations. The movement started in Britain in the 18th century and spread to the United States and the British Empire. Originally it was popular with workers, poor farmers, and slaves. Mr. John Wesley started Methodism. He was a priest of the Church of England. His brother Charles Wesley was a famous writer of Church music. 

There are many Christians that trace their roots to the Wesley brothers. Many Churches have the word Methodist as part of their name, but others do not. Some of the churches which came from the Wesley movement are Nazarenes, Churches of God, Pentecostals, Holiness, and the Salvation Army. Many of these groups do good things to help people in addition to telling them about salvation from their sins. They start hospitals and schools and work with homeless and poor people.

John and Charles Wesley, and some other students at Oxford University started a "holy club". They used some methods to grow in Christian faith. These were prayer, Bible study, observing the Lord's supper, and helping poor people and prisoners. Other students laughed at them for their devotion. They called them "methodists" because of their methods. The members of the club took the name for themselves. 

Methodists differ from other denominations in some beliefs. They are usually Arminian in their teachings about salvation. This means that they teach that anyone can choose to believe in Jesus. This is because of God's grace in making Himself known to all. This is also called "free will" teaching. Methodists differ from Baptists because Methodists baptize both babies and adults. They differ from Catholics and other conservative groups by allowing women to be pastors. Methodists tend to accept those whose beliefs are not exactly the same as theirs on less important things. The most important Methodist beliefs are listed in the 25 Articles of Religion. They also use the sermons of John Wesley to define their faith. 

Because they came from the Anglican Church, most Methodists are in churches that are connectional. That means the individual churches are joined with other Methodist churches and they have Bishops that lead them. However, between 2019 and 2024 many Methodist churches left the United Methodist Church and thousands of them became independent. Many others joined a new denomination, the Global Methodist Church. This separation was mainly about different understandings of the Bible and human sexuality. A few of the more progressive churches left the UMC, but most of those leaving were traditional. They left so they could continue to keep their past beliefs.



Salivary gland

The salivary glands make saliva. Saliva keeps the mouth and other parts of the digestive system wet and slippery. It also helps break down food when you are chewing. This helps food go down the throat to the stomach.

There are three main pairs of salivary glands. They are

There are also many small glands in the tongue, cheeks, lips and palate. All of those glands make mucous.

Saliva consists of two fluids, mucous and serous.

Mucous (slime) is a saccharide glycoprotein called mucin. With water it makes the slippery lubricant used in many parts of the body, where it lines the moving parts, surfaces and tubes. Here it lubricates the mouth, throat and alimentary canal. 

The mucous also has antiseptic qualities: it contains lysozyme and immunoglobulins. Mucous, with its antiseptic molecules and slime, traps fungi, bacteria and viruses and prevents infections. The body produces about a litre of mucous per day, in the mouth and other places.

The serous fluid contains the enzyme amylase which acts in the digestion of carbohydrates. Minor salivary glands on the tongue secrete the amylase. The parotid gland produces purely serous saliva. The other major salivary glands produce mixed (serous and mucus) saliva.

Another type of serous fluid is secreted by the two layered serous membranes which line the body cavities. The serous fluid between the two layers acts as a lubricant and reduces friction from muscle movement.


The glands are inside a capsule, of connective tissue. Inside, it is made of little parts called lobules. Blood vessels and nerves go into the lobules. There are three main types of cells in the major salivary glands:

The small tubes go into ducts. Those ducts go into larger ducts that have little stripes on them, called striations. Those go into ducts between the lobes of the gland (called interlobar or excretory ducts). The main duct of the salivary glands then opens into the mouth.

There are three salivary glands:

Ducts can get blocked. This would cause pain and swelling of the gland.

Tumours of the salivary glands can occur. These are usually benign. Investigation is done by a sialogram, which is a radiocontrast study of a salivary duct.


Vas deferens

The vas deferens (or "ductus deferens") is a duct in a man’s body. It is also present in other male vertebrates. Its function is to carry sperm away from the testes, towards the penis.

There are two of these ducts, which are tubes surrounded by smooth muscle. They connect the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm. Each tube is about 30 centimeters long. During ejaculation the smooth muscle in the wall of the vas deferens contracts. That pushes the sperm toward the penis. The sperm go from the vas deferens into the urethra. Other male sex glands push out at the same time.

There is a surgery called vasectomy that is a method of contraception. The two vasa deferentia (Latin plural) are cut and sealed, so the sperm cannot get out of the body. This is usually permanent, but in some cases, it can be reversed. Sometimes instead of cutting the vas deferentia, the surgeon puts something to block the sperm instead of cutting them.


Che Guevara

Ernesto "Che" Guevara, commonly known as el Che or Che (June 14, 1928 - October 9, 1967) was an Argentine Marxist, revolutionary, physician, author, guerrilla, diplomat, and military theorist. He is popular with socialists. In addition to that he was a writer and some of his articles and speeches were even published.

Time magazine said he was one of the most influential people of the 20th century. "Guerrillero Heroico, "a picture of him, is called "the most famous photograph in the world."

Che Guevara was born in Rosario, Argentina in 1928. He studied at the University of Buenos Aires. He wanted to be a doctor. During his holidays, he traveled. He saw how poor some people were. He thought that revolution could fix it.

After college, he went to Mexico. He met Fidel Castro there in 1954. Castro was planning a rebellion in Cuba. Guevara joined Castro. He fought with Castro in Cuba. In 1959, Fidel won and became president of Cuba. Fidel and Guevara declared Cuba a communist country. Guevara was made head of Cuba's bank. He later became Minister of Industry. In 1965, Guevara helped to start other revolutions. They were in Congo-Kinshasa and Bolivia. In 1967, he was captured and executed by Bolivian soldiers. His body was not found until 1997. His nickname among friends was "Chegi Vara".

People have different opinions on Che Guevara. Some see him as a good leader. In addition to that he was an excellent writer and some of his articles and speeches were even published. Others see him as a bad man who wanted to hurt people. A black and white image of Guevara's face is one of the most merchandized images. It can be found on many items. They include t-shirts, hats, posters, and other items. The image was based on a photograph by Alberto Korda Díaz. Díaz was a Cuban photographer. It was taken in 1960.

Guevara is still an important person. He is seen as an example of youthful rebellion.

A movie, "The Motorcycle Diaries", is about Che. It describes a trip that he took through South America. The trip took place in the 1950s. The movie was directed by Walter Salles. It was produced by Robert Redford.


Whisker

A whisker is a long, thick hair around the mouth of some animals, mostly mammals such as cats and mice, that the animal uses to feel its surroundings. Some animals, such as cats, also have whiskers above their eyes and on the backs of their legs. Unlike other hair, whiskers should never be cut or trimmed, as this can confuse the animal.

Whiskers can also mean a beard or mustache.

Magma

Magma is the melted rock under the ground. The liquid rock may have solid bits mixed in with it, and volcanic gas. 

There are different types of magma. One is called felsic magma. Felsic magma is thick and has silica minerals. It mostly makes light-coloured rocks. Another type is called mafic magma, which is runny and has less silica. It usually makes dark-coloured rocks. Magmas can be intermediate between both types. 

Magma may become solid by cooling slowly below the surface. This makes "plutonic" rocks such as granite. When magma comes out from the ground in a volcano it is called lava. Lava cools quickly, and forms other kinds of rock such as basalt. 

Magma is produced by melting of the Earth's mantle or the crust. It happens at tectonic settings, such as subduction zones, continental rift zones, mid-ocean ridges and hotspots. 

Melted material from the mantle and crust moves up through the crust and collects in magma chambers. 

When they come up through the crust, magmas may feed a volcano and come out as lava. But they may solidify underground to form an intrusion (magma which cools and becomes solid). Intrusions eventually cool down and become igneous dikes or sills. 

The study of magma is usually done in lava flows. However, magma was found under the ground three times in geothermal drilling projects—twice in Iceland and once in Hawaii.

Glue

Glue is a sticky material (usually a liquid) that can stick two or more things together. Glue can be made from plant or animal parts, or it can be made from oil-based chemicals. 

The first glues may have been natural liquids that come out of trees when they are cut. Later, people learned to make glue by boiling animal feet, cartilage or bones. Some very strong glues were first made from fish bones, rubber or milk.

A simple glue can be made at home by mixing wheat, flour and water. This glue will stick pieces of paper together.
Many kinds of art can be made using glue. A collage is a work of art made by using glue to stick coloured things onto paper. 

Some glues can be used to keep water out of boats, buildings or vehicles. In this case, the glue may be called caulk. Some man-made materials, including wood-like materials, are made using glues to bind together small pieces of material or powders. 

While many glues are safe, certain kinds of glue contain strong-smelling chemicals. Some people sniff these glues to get high. Sometimes people breathe in the vapors by mistake. This is a very bad idea because these chemicals are often poisons and may cause brain damage or illness. 

Glue can also be made from rice or rice flour. 

Angara River

The Angara is a river in Siberia, Russia, close to the Jenissei. It is nearly long. It flows out of Lake Baikal and into the "Jenissei". A big city on the river is Irkutsk.

Yenisei

The Yenisei ("Енисе́й") is a river in Siberia. It belongs to the greatest river system that flows into the Arctic Ocean. The Yenisei is the fifth-longest river in the world. It is a little shorter than the Mississippi River, but with 1.5 times the flow. It comes from Mongolia and follows a northern course to the Kara Sea. The river drains a large part of central Siberia. The longest stream following the Yenisei-Angara-Selenga-Ider is about 5539 km long. Its watershed, which includes the world's largest (by volume) lake, Lake Baikal, holds more water than any other river system.

The upper parts of the system have rapids and flooding, and pass through areas where very few people live. The middle section is controlled by a series of large hydroelectric dams. The dams were built to supply a major Russian primary industry. Partly built by gulag labor in Soviet times, industrial contamination is a big problem in the area. The area is very hard for the police to watch. Moving on through sparsely populated taiga, the Yenisei grows with many tributaries and finally reaches the Kara Sea in desolate tundra where it is covered with ice for more than half the year. As with other Siberian rivers, the flow has increased lately. People think this is because of global warming. A concern was also raised that a change in the salt in the Arctic may have a global impact on ocean currents.

Moonspell

Moonspell is a heavy metal band from Portugal. It was started in 1992. 

Moonspell's first EP was "Under the Moonspell", which was released in 1994. 





Siberia

Siberia is the part of Russia that is in Asia. It covers wide landscapes, and stretches from the Ural Mountains to the Pacific. It goes from the Arctic Ocean to the border with China, Kazakhstan, and Mongolia. 

The Yenisei river is sometimes called the border between east Siberia and west Siberia. Siberia covers about 70% of all Russian territory, but only 26% of Russians live there. It is one of the coldest places on Earth where people live. 70% of people in Siberia live in cities.

Novosibirsk is the largest city in Siberia, with a population more than . It is on the Eastern coast near to Japan. 
Omsk and Krasnoyarsk also have populations of over a million people. Tomsk and Kemerovo have populations of over a 500 thousand population. 
Tomsk is one of the most beautiful places in Siberia. It is said to have the best education in Siberia.
Omsk has got very polluted air. This is quite common in Russia, where civilian protests are less effective than in Western countries.

Many different ethnic groups live in Siberia. They are sometimes called Sibiryak "(" "сибиряк)" or Sybirak "(" "сыбирак," from Polish")" people. Most people in Siberia who are not Slavic, are Turkic peoples. The first Slavic settlers, from European Russia, arrived in the 17th century.



Opel Corsa

The Opel Corsa is a subcompact car. It has been produced by the German car manufacturer Opel since 1982. There are six generations of the Corsa. The first generation was sold as the Vauxhall Nova in the UK.

The Corsa is also sold under the Vauxhall brand in the UK. 

The first generation Corsa A was made from September 1982 to March 1993 and was sold as the Vauxhall Nova in the UK from April 1983. It was sold with hatchback and saloon bodies with 2 or 4 doors and was facelifted in September 1987 and again in September 1990. 

The second generation Corsa B was made from April 1993 to September 2000 with Vauxhall taking on the name in the UK. It was only available with hatchback models with 3 or 5 doors and was facelifted in August 1997. In May 1994, it launched as the Holden Barina for the Australasian market.

The third generation Corsa C was made from October 2000 to September 2006 with the same 3 and 5-door versions as before and was facelifted in August 2003. It was also sold as the Holden Barina from 2001 to the end of 2005. 

The fourth generation Corsa D was made from October 2006 to September 2014 and grew larger in size compared to its predecessor. It was facelifted in early 2011.

The fifth generation Corsa E was made from October 2014 to September 2019 which is a facelift of the previous version with revised exterior styling and a new interior, it was not facelifted again during its run. 

The sixth generation Corsa F is made from October 2019 to present. Only a 5-door model is offered and shares its platform with the second generation Peugeot 208. An electric version called the Corsa-e is also available.

The Corsa Van was a small van based on the Opel Corsa car, It was built from 1983 to 2018. The side van windows are replaced with metal and the back seats are removed.


Iron Maiden

Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band. It was started by Steve Harris in 1975. The band's first studio album was "Iron Maiden." The band released it in 1980. The singer Paul Di'Anno was replaced by Bruce Dickinson in 1982. Bruce Dickinson left in 1993 and was replaced by Blaze Bayley. In 1999, Dickinson returned to the band.

The mascot of the band is Eddie, a monster, who is present in the concerts and also appears on the album covers. Eddie is most often shown as a dead body that has come back to life and looks very evil. The band's music shows often have a statue of Eddie that is very large and much taller than the band.

Iron Maiden has released many albums. The band's newest album, "Senjutsu", was released in 2021. Iron Maiden has sold over 100 million copies of their albums worldwide.

Iron Maiden was made on 25 December 1975. Steve Harris made the band. He made it after he left the band Smiler. The first name of the band was Ash Mountain. The name changed to Iron Maiden later. This was because many of the band members liked 'Iron Maiden' more. Harris named the band because of the movie "The Man in the Iron Mask". The name of the movie reminded him of the iron maiden torture device. The band practiced music for months. Their first concert was at St. Nicks Hall in Poplar on 1 May 1976. After this, the band played music at the Cart and Horses Pub in Stratford, London.

Many of the people in Iron Maiden left the band. Singer Paul Day left the band first. Harris said that he did not have "energy" when he sang at concerts. Dennis Wilcock started singing with the band. The band asked guitar player Dave Murray if he wanted to join. Murray was Wilcock's friend. The band already had two guitar players: Dave Sullivan and Terry Rance. They did not want Murray to join the band. Because of this, the band stopped playing music in 1976. Later, they started playing music again. Murray was the band's only guitar player. As of 2023, Harris and Murray have been on all of the band's albums.

Guitar player Bob Sawyer joined the band in 1977. The band fired him because he pretended to play the guitar with his teeth. Murray and Wilcock did not like each other. Wilcock got Harris to fire Murray, as well as drummer Ron Matthews. New people joined the band. The new members were keyboard player Tony Moore, guitar player Terry Wapram, and drummer Barry Purkis. Moore left the band because the other members did not like keyboard music. Dave Murray joined the band again in March 1978. Wapram did not like this. Because of this, the band fired Wapram. A few weeks later, Dennis Wilcock left the band to make his own band. It was named V1. He made it with Wapram.

Harris, Murray, and Doug Sampson were the members of the band in late 1978. They wanted somebody to be the singer for the band. They met Paul Di'Anno in a pub in Leytonstone in November 1978. Di'Anno joined the band. At this time, Murray was the main guitar player. Many times, he played the guitar by himself. Harris said that Murray "was so good he could do a lot of it on his own".

Iron Maiden recorded a demo with four songs on it. They gave the demo to Neal Kay. Kay was a disc jockey at a heavy metal club. The club was named Bandwagon Heavy Metal Soundhouse. Kay listened to the demo. He started playing it at the club. One of the songs on it, "Prowler", was number one on the Soundhouse charts. These charts were in the "Sounds" magazine. Rod Smallwood got the demo as well. Smallwood later managed the band. Iron Maiden became more popular. They released the demo on their record label. They named it "The Soundhouse Tapes". It had three songs on it. The band made 5,000 copies of the demo. All of the copies were sold.

In December 1979, the band joined EMI. They wanted Adrian Smith (who was the guitar player for Urchin) to join the band. Smith and Dave Murray were friends. Smith was making music with Urchin. He did not want to join Iron Maiden. The band hired guitar player Dennis Stratton instead of Smith. Later, Doug Sampson left the band. He was the band's drummer. The band hired Clive Burr to play the drums.

Iron Maiden was on a compilation album named "Metal for Muthas". It was released on 15 February 1980. "Sanctuary" and "Wrathchild" were put on the album. After EMI released the album, Iron Maiden went on a concert tour. They played music with many other bands in the new wave of British heavy metal community.

The band released their first album in 1980. It was named "Iron Maiden". It was number four on the UK Albums Chart. The album had many popular songs, such as "Running Free" and "Sanctuary". "Sanctuary" was not on the UK version of the album. Iron Maiden did a concert tour for the album. They played music at many places in the United Kingdom. Later, they played with bands such as Kiss and Judas Priest. After the concert tours, the band fired Dennis Stratton. Adrian Smith replaced him. In December 1980, the band played music at the Rainbow Theatre in London. The band made a live album at this concert. It was their first live album. It was named "Live at the Rainbow". It was released in May 1981. The videos for "Wrathchild" and "Iron Maiden" were shown on MTV. They were the first heavy metal music videos on MTV.

In 1981, the band released their second studio album. It was named "Killers". Many of the songs on "Killers" were made by the band in the 1970s. Iron Maiden did not like how their first album sounded. They did not like how it was produced. They hired producer Martin Birch. Birch worked with Iron Maiden until 1992. After releasing "Killers", the band went on a world tour. Iron Maiden played music in many places, such as the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, Yugoslavia and France. It was their first concert in the US. "Killers" was the band's first album on the "Billboard" 200. It was number 78 on the music chart.

By 1981, Paul Di'Anno was using drugs. Iron Maiden fired Di'Anno after their world tour. Singer Bruce Dickinson joined the band in September 1981. In 1982, Iron Maiden released "The Number of the Beast". This was their third studio album. It was their first number one album on the UK Albums Chart. It was also on music charts in many other countries. When the album was released, Dickinson was having legal problems with Samson. Samson was the band Dickinson left to join Iron Maiden. Because of this, Dickinson said he did not write any of the songs on "The Number of the Beast". The band went on another world tour. It was named The Beast on the Road. The band played in North America, Japan, Australia and Europe. In the US, a group of American conservatives said the band was Satanic. This was because of the album's name and the art on the album. A group of Christian activists destroyed copies of Iron Maiden albums. Dickinson said that this gave the band "loads of publicity". As of 2022, the band has sold 20 million copies of the album.

In December 1982, the band fired drummer Clive Burr. Nicko McBrain started playing drums for the band. Harris said he fired Burr because he was not playing music well at concerts. However, Burr said the band fired him for no reason. Iron Maiden released "Piece of Mind" in 1983. This was their fourth studio album. It was number 3 on the UK Albums Chart and number 14 on the "Billboard" 200. The album had two singles: "Flight of Icarus" and "The Trooper". Iron Maiden went on another world tour. They played music for over 20,000 people at Madison Square Garden.

The band released "Powerslave" in September 1984. This was their fifth studio album. This album had popular songs, such as "Aces High" and "2 Minutes to Midnight". The concert tour for the album was named the World Slavery Tour. It was the band's largest tour. Iron Maiden played at 193 concerts in 28 countries. The tour was over a year long. The band played for around 3,500,000 people. The band also had their first concert in South America. It was at the Rock in Rio music festival. They were one of the main bands at the festival. The other main band at the festival was Queen. The concert tour was difficult for the band to do. They were tired at the end of it. Iron Maiden took a break for four months. In November 1985, Public Choice International gave Iron Maiden an award for being the best rock and metal band in the world.

Iron Maiden started making music again. They released the album "Somewhere in Time" in 1986. This album had different types of music on it. The band used synthesizers for the album's music to make different sounds. The album was popular. The song "Wasted Years" was also popular. Dickinson did not write any part of "Wasted Years". He tried to help make it, but the band did not use what he wrote. "Somewhere in Time" was number 11 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 2 on UK music charts. It was the band's best-selling album. Their next album was released in 1988. It was named "Seventh Son of a Seventh Son". It is a concept album. It is inspired by the book "Seventh Son" by Orson Scott Card. This album also sold many copies. It was the band's first album with keyboard music. Harris and Smith played the keyboards.

The band did a concert tour for the album. It was named Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour. The band played at the Monsters of Rock music festival in Donington Park in August 1988. They played music for over 100,000 people there. It was the largest number of people at the festival. The band recorded video from other concerts in England. They released the video as "Maiden England". The band hired Michael Kenney to play the keyboard during concerts. Kenney made keyboard music for four Iron Maiden albums.

The band took a break in 1989. Some band members made their own music. Guitar player Adrian Smith released an album named "Silver and Gold". Bruce Dickinson also made an album. He made it with guitar player Janick Gers. It was named "Tattooed Millionaire" (1990). Iron Maiden later released a compilation album. The band released it because they had been making music for ten years. It was named "The First Ten Years".

Iron Maiden started making a new album. During this time, Adrian Smith left the band. Smith did not agree with Harris about what type of music the band should make. Janick Gers, the guitar player that helped Dickinson make "Tattooed Millionaire", joined the band. The band released the album in October 1990. It was named "No Prayer for the Dying". The album had the song "Bring Your Daughter... to the Slaughter" on it. Iron Maiden released the song as a single. It was their first song to be number one on the UK Singles Chart. "No Prayer for the Dying" was similar to Iron Maiden's first albums. The band did the No Prayer on the Road tour. They played music for over two million people during the tour.

"Fear of the Dark" was released in 1992. It was the band's ninth album. It was number one on the UK Albums Chart. It was their third number one album on the chart. It was also number twelve on the "Billboard" 200. Harris and Dickinson did not work together to make the songs on the album. After Iron Maiden released "Fear of the Dark", they went on a large concert tour. It was their first time playing concerts in South America. Christian groups stopped Iron Maiden from playing any concerts in Chile. They said that the band's music was Satanic. At a concert in Donington Park, Adrian Smith played music with the band. He helped them play the song "Running Free".

In 1993, Dickinson left the band. He wanted to make music by himself. Iron Maiden did a concert tour with him. They also made two live albums during this time. The tour did not go well. Steve Harris thought Dickinson was not trying to sing well for most concerts. He also said Dickinson only sang well for important concerts on the tour. Dickinson said this was not true. He said that the mood during the tour was not good because he was leaving. The last concert of the tour was on 28 August 1993. BBC showed it on television.

Iron Maiden needed a new singer. Many singers sent the band music to listen to because they wanted to join the band. The band listened to many of them. After doing this, they wanted Blaze Bayley to join the band. Bayley was the singer for Wolfsbane. In the past, Iron Maiden and Wolfsbane played music together at concerts. Bayley joined the band. Dickinson and Bayley had different ways of singing. Bayley sang lower than Dickinson did. Some fans of the band did not like this.

The band released their tenth studio album in 1995. It was named "The X Factor". It was number eight on the UK Albums Chart. This was their lowest album on the chart since 1981. However, "The X Factor" won "Album of the Year" awards in France, Spain and Germany. The album is known for being more serious than other albums made by the band. This was because it was inspired by Steve Harris' divorce. After releasing the album, Iron Maiden released a compilation album named "Best of the Beast". It had a single named "Virus".

In 1998, Iron Maiden released "Virtual XI." This was their eleventh studio album. It was their least popular album. The album was number 16 on the UK Albums Chart. This made it the band's lowest-charting album. When the band released the album, Steve Harris was remastering all of the band's music. In January 1999, Bayley left the band. This was because he had problems with his voice during concerts. However, Janick Gers said that some of the band's songs had singing that was too high pitched for him.

Dickinson talked to Iron Maiden. He joined the band again in January 1999. Guitar player Adrian Smith also joined the band again. The band now had three guitar players: Dave Murray, Janick Gers, and Adrian Smith. The band went on a concert tour after bringing Dickinson and Smith back. It was named the Ed Hunter Tour. This was because the band made a greatest hits album and video game named "Ed Hunter" (1999). After the tour, the band made "Brave New World". This was their twelfth studio album. It was released in 2000. Many books and movies inspired the music on the album. "The Wicker Man" is named after a 1973 movie with the same name. The album's name is from the book "Brave New World" written by Aldous Huxley. The album was more popular than the albums Iron Maiden made with Blaze Bayley. Later, "The Wicker Man" got a Grammy Award nomination. Iron Maiden played at many concerts for Clive Burr. Burr was the band's drummer from 1979 to 1982. He had multiple sclerosis, so the band played at these concerts to give him money for it.

Iron Maiden played music at many concerts in 2003. After touring, the band released "Dance of Death". This was their thirteenth studio album. It was popular around the world. It was number two on the UK Albums Chart, and number 18 on the "Billboard" 200. Kevin Shirley produced the album. He produced many of the band's albums. Many music critics thought "Dance of Death" was as good as the band's earlier music. The band did many concert tours after releasing the album. In 2005, they made a live album named "Death on the Road". This was recorded at a concert in Dortmund, Germany. The band did a concert tour named the Eddie Rips Up the World Tour. The band played music from their first four albums. Because of the tour, the band released "The Number of the Beast" as a single again. It was successful on music charts in the UK.

At the end of 2005, the band worked on "A Matter of Life and Death". This was their fourteenth studio album. The band released it in August 2006. It was the band's first album to be in the top ten of the "Billboard" 200 music chart. The band later had their first concert in Dubai. The band then played at many concerts in Europe, as well as other places. In 2009, Iron Maiden won a BRIT Award for being the best British live act.

In April 2009, the band released a documentary movie named "Iron Maiden: Flight 666". It showed the band during one of their concert tours in 2008. Many movie theatres showed the documentary. The movie was sold on DVD and CD. It was number one on music DVD charts in 25 countries.

Iron Maiden started making a studio album in early 2010. Kevin Shirley produced it. On 16 August 2010, the band released "The Final Frontier", their fifteenth studio album. It was the band's most popular album. It was number one on music charts in twenty eight countries. In the US, it was number four on the "Billboard" 200. The album had one single named "El Dorado". The Final Frontier World Tour happened after the band released the album. Iron Maiden played at 101 concerts on the tour. They played their first concert in South Korea. In 2011, Iron Maiden won a Grammy Award for "El Dorado". They were nominated for another Grammy Award in 2013 for the song "Blood Brothers". The band started the Maiden England World Tour in June 2012. They played music for over 2.5 million people on the tour. It ended in July 2014.

The band recorded new music for an album in summer 2014. "The Book of Souls" was released in 2015. It was the band's first album not released by EMI Records. Parlophone Records released the album. It was the band's fifth album to be number one on the UK Albums Chart. "Empire of the Clouds", a song on the album, is the longest song made by the band. It is 18 minutes long. Many music critics liked the album. The band started the Legacy of the Beast World Tour in 2018. However, the COVID-19 pandemic stopped the band from playing at concerts in 2020 and 2021. The tour ended in 2022.

On 15 July 2021, the band released a music video for a new song. It was named "The Writing on the Wall". Nicos Livesey helped make the music video. Four days later, the band said they were releasing a new album in September 2021. The album was named "Senjutsu". It was their seventeenth studio album. It topped music charts in 27 countries. It was not number one on the UK Albums Chart. This was the first time the band did not make an album that was number one in the UK in fifteen years. In 2021 and 2023, the band was nominated for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.





Ljubljana

Ljubljana is the capital city of Slovenia. It is the largest city in that country. The city became the most important settlement in the area when Romans ruled Slovenia. There are many museums with things from that time in Ljubljana.

As of 2002, there were 265,881 people living in Ljubljana. The University of Ljubljana is in Ljubljana.

The city has an area of 163.8 square kilometers (63.2 sq mi). It is located about 320 kilometers (200 mi) south of Munich, 477 kilometers (296 mi) east of Zürich, 250 kilometers (160 mi) east of Venice, 350 kilometers (220 mi) southwest of Vienna, 224 kilometers (139 mi) south of Salzburg and 400 kilometers (250 mi) southwest of Budapest.

Ljubljana is 295 meters (968 ft) above sea level.

The main bodies of water in Ljubljana are the Ljubljanica, the Sava, the Gradaščica, the Mali Graben, the Iška and the Iščica Rivers. 

July and August are the warmest months. The daily temperatures at these times are generally between 25 and 30 °C (77 and 86 °F). January is the coldest month with temperatures closer to 0 °C (32 °F).  Ljubljana is also one of the wettest European capitals. Yearly precipitation is about 1,400 mm (55 in). It can also snow anytime from December to February.

Ljubljana features many kinds of architectural styles. Prominent buildings include Prešeren Square, Ljubljana Castle, Town Hall, Ljubljana Cathedral, and Nebotičnik.

There are also several parks around the city. Tivoli City Park ("Mestni park Tivoli") is the largest park in Ljubljana.

The most notable bridges of Ljubljana are the Triple Bridge ("Tromostovje"), the Trnovo Bridge ("Trnovski most"), the Dragon Bridge ("Zmajski most"), the Hradecky Bridge (Slovene: "Hradeckega most"), and the Butchers' Bridge ("Mesarski most"). The Trnovo Bridge crosses the Gradaščica, whereas the others cross the Ljubljanica.



Nukuʻalofa

Nukuʻalofa is the capital city of Tonga. It is on the island of Tongatapu.

35% of Tongans live in Nukuʻalofa. As of 1996, about 22,400 people lived there.

General Motors

General Motors Company is the largest American car company. It is based in the Renaissance Center in Detroit, Michigan. It was founded in 1908 by a man named William Durant. It makes cars and trucks in 31 countries. About 209,000 people work for it. It is the second largest car company in the world, after Toyota. 1908

In the 1950s and 1960s, it dominated the car industry, but it fell into decline by the 1980s and 90s. The company went through a bankruptcy in 2009 and was bought by the US Government, which has been selling its stake in the company.

As of April 2014, GM is being investigated by the United States Congress over the deaths of 13 people involving faulty ignition systems that have been used in many GM cars, with some built as early as 1997. In May 2014 the company was fined $35 million from NHTSA over the ignition problem.

GM has many brands, including:
In the past, General Motors has used other brands, including Pontiac, Hummer and Geo, but none of these are produced by GM as of 2014. They either have gone out of business or were merged into Chevrolet. GM also owned Saab from 1989 to 2010, and also held stakes in Isuzu and Suzuki until 2008. In 2017 they sold Opel and Vauxhall Motors to Groupe PSA. Holden gone defunct in 2020.

Bartolomeu Dias

Bartolomeu Dias(or "Bartholomew Dias", 1450 - May 29, 1500) was a Portuguese explorer who was the first European to sail past the Cape of Good Hope now Cape Town.

In 1487, King John II of Portugal asked Dias to find a new route for the spice trade and to find a legendary Christian king named Prester John in the east. In 1488 Bartholomew and his sailors sailed along the western coast of Africa. They got caught in a storm and landed at a cape in southern Africa and they could not sail beyond that point. They named it "Cape of Storms" and later returned to Portugal. The king of Portugal considered it as a victory gained by the Portuguese adventurers and named it as "Cape of Good Hope". Because Prester John did not really exist, they did not find his country but the route from the Atlantic Ocean to the Indian Ocean leading to Asia turned out to be valuable.

Commanding a ship in Pedro Álvares Cabral's later expedition to Brazil and India, he died at sea in 1500 during a storm. There was a statue made for him later in Cape Town, South Africa.

Cape Agulhas

Cape Agulhas is the point in Africa which is farthest south. It is in the country of South Africa. It is near the town of Agulhas. 

Holy Roman Emperor

Holy Roman Emperor was the title that was given to the ruler of a loose group of places in mostly Central Europe called the Holy Roman Empire. The title of "emperor" was passed from the Romans to the Frankish kingdom (for which "France" is named) when, on 25 December 800, Pope Leo III crowned Charlemagne, king of the Franks, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
This list includes all emperors of the Holy Roman Empire, whether or not they called themselves "Holy Roman Emperor". There are some gaps. For example, Henry the Fowler was King of Germany but not Emperor.

Some historians say the Carolingian Empire was the start of the Holy Roman Empire. Others say the start of the Holy Roman Empire was 962. The rulers who were crowned as Emperors in the West before 962 were as follows:

There was no emperor in the west between 924 and 962.

Fatu Hiva

Fatu Hiva is a tropical island in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of French Polynesia and the Marquesas Islands. 

There are about 600 people living on Fatu Hiva. It is 22 km away from Motu Nao. The three main villages are Hana Vave, Omo'a and Uia.

Tampere

Tampere () is the third biggest city in Finland. It is the capital of the Pirkanmaa area.
Neighbour municipalities are Kangasala, Lempäälä, Nokia, Pirkkala, Vesilahti, Hämeenkyrö, Orivesi, Pälkäne and Ylöjärvi. 

The population of Tampere was 215,144 in 2011. 

Tampere was started in 1779. At 1800's, Tampere became to be a notable industrialized city and one of the biggest cities in Finland.


Asikkala

Asikkala is a municipality of Finland. It is in the province of Southern Finland and the region of Päijänne Tavastia. The downtown of Asikkala is called Vääksy. It has a canal, Vääksyn kanava. Asikkala has an area of 756.2 km². 192.29 km² of it is water.

Asikkala is on the coast of the lake Päijänne. As of 31 May 2013, 8,444 people live in the municipality.


Lordi

Lordi is a Finnish heavy metal band which is famous for their monster costumes. They won the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with the song "Hard Rock Hallelujah". Their other famous songs include "Would You Love a Monsterman?", "Devil Is a Loser", "Blood Red Sandman", "This Is Heavy Metal" and "Sincerely with Love".

Lordi was started in 1992 by Mr. Lordi. Its original members were Mr. Lordi (vocals), Kita (percussion), Amen (guitar), G-stealer (bass) and Enary (keyboards). The first single was "Would You Love a Monsterman?" in 2002. It was also included in the band's album "Get Heavy". Their music and style has been compared to the American groups Kiss and Twisted Sister.








CD-R

A CD-R (also called Compact Disc Recordable) is a compact disc that can be recorded once. When people record a compact disc, they put either music or data on it, or sometimes both, which is called an enhanced CD.

A compact disc that can be recorded multiple times (and erased) is the CD-RW.

When you put data onto a CD, it is called "burning" a disc. A laser "burns" pits into a dye layer on the disc, making them transparent. These transparent pits can later be read back by the CD drive or audio CD player as data or music.

The first CD-Rs from the early 1990s held 63 minutes of audio. In the mid-1990s, 74-minute discs became common. Most CD-Rs made from 2000 onward hold 80 minutes, or 700 MB of data. 90 and 99-minute CD-Rs are available since 2000, although they are non-standard and many players and recorders do not support them.

There are three types of dye used in CD-R discs. The most common is phthalocyanine, and it is usually light green. CMC Pro (formerly Taiyo Yuden) uses cyanine dye. It is usually teal or dark green. Verbatim uses phthalocyanine dye on some discs, and AZO dye on others. AZO dye is usually dark blue or blue-ish silver. The metal layer on the disc is usually made of silver. Archival discs and some professional audio discs use a gold top layer. Verbatim UltraLife discs have a silver main layer, and a gold upper protective layer, providing the reflectivity of silver and the chemical stability of gold. Early cyanine discs could decay and become unplayable within a few years. Recent cyanine discs have preservatives added to the dye to prevent this from happening. AZO and phthalocyanine dyes do not need preservatives and do not decay easily. Phthalocyanine is the most stable and longest-lasting dye, but it requires a more precisely calibrated laser than AZO or cyanine to get a good, error-free burn. A recording laser with too much or too little power will produce a poor recording on phthalocyanine dye.

There are two types of blank CD-R, "music" and "data". The only difference is that "music" discs have a bit set on the disc that indicates a royalty was paid to the music industry. Consumer-grade music recorders look for this bit and won't record to discs without it. This is done to meet the requirements of the Audio Home Recording Act and similar laws. Professional equipment (including rackmount audio CD recorders and all computer drives) is not affected and will record to either type of disc. The bit has no effect on playback once the disc has been recorded.

The Truman Show

The Truman Show is a 1998 American comedy-drama movie. It is directed by Peter Weir and was written by Andrew Niccol. The main star of the movie is Jim Carrey. 

The movie is about a young man called Truman Burbank who lives in a fictional town called Seahaven. The whole town is inside a giant dome and Truman can be seen all over the world on television. He has been on the reality show since he was born. He was the one out of six unwanted babies to be in the show. He does not realise until later that the town he is living in is made-up. Christof is the creator of the show and some would call him a villain, because of the human rights abuse of Truman. He is in charge of making everything go right and cannot afford to lose Truman.


Krill

Krill are small shrimp-like crustaceans about an inch or so long, found in all the oceans of the world. In areas with nutrients, they occur in huge swarms, with more than 10,000 krill per cubic meter. They feed on phytoplankton and to a lesser extent zooplankton. 

Krill are ecologically very important, because they are near the bottom of the food chain. They make up the largest part of the diet of many animals. In the Southern Ocean, one species, the Antarctic krill, "Euphausia superba", makes up an estimated biomass of over , roughly twice that of the human race. They are eaten by many animals, including whales, seals, penguins, birds, fish, squid, and whale sharks. Of this, over half is eaten by each year, and is replaced by growth and reproduction. 

Most krill species make large vertical migrations. They are distinguished from other crustaceans such as true shrimp by their externally visible gills.

The order Euphausiacea is divided into two families, Bentheuphausiidae and Euphausiidae. the first has one species, the second has 85 species. Well known species are the Antarctic krill ("Euphausia superba"), Pacific krill ("Euphausia pacifica") and Northern krill ("Meganyctiphanes norvegica").

Except for "Bentheuphausia amblyops", krill are bioluminescent. They have organs called photophores which emit light. The light is made by an enzyme-catalysed chemiluminescence reaction. A luciferin (a kind of pigment) is activated by a luciferase enzyme. Krill probably get this substance as part of their diet, which contains dinoflagellates. Krill photophores are complex organs with lenses and focusing abilities, and can be rotated by muscles. The exact function of these organs is not known. The possibilities include mating, social interaction or as a form of camouflage to compensate for their shadow against the overhead light.

Subaru

Subaru is a car company that is part of a larger Japanese company called Fuji Heavy Industries, who also makes other things like buses and airplanes. Subaru builds cars in Japan and also builds cars in the state of Indiana. 1953

Their cars are known for having all-wheel drive, which means that the engine drives all four wheels, instead of just the wheels in the front or in the back. They also have boxer engines, which means that the pistons and the cylinders in the engine fire left to right instead of up and down or at an angle.

The name Subaru is a Japanese word for a star cluster in the sky named Pleiades, and the company logo has the stars in its picture in the same place as they are in the sky.

Fuji Heavy Industries in 1954 built a car called the Subaru P-1. It was named by the person who was CEO, Kenji Kita. From 1954 to 1997 the company designed and built other vehicles including the tiny 360 (1958), the Sambar (1961), the 1000 (1965), the R2 (1969), the Leone (1971), the Domingo (1983), the Alcyone (1985), the Legacy (1989), the Impreza (1993), the Sambar EV electric van (1995), and the Forester (1997).

Giraffe

A giraffe ("Giraffa camelopardalis") is a mammal which lives in Africa. Giraffes have an even number of toes and are the tallest land animals. Giraffes and Okapi are the family "Giraffidae," and are the only extant giraffids.

Giraffes have a very long neck and long legs. Giraffes are the tallest land animals on Earth, with necks that can be up to 2-2.4 m (6.6-7.9 ft) in length. Fully grown giraffes stand tall, with males taller than females. The tallest recorded male was and the tallest recorded female was tall. The average weight is for an adult male and for an adult female. Maximum weights of and having been recorded for males and females, respectively. They have a long black tongue, up to 45 cm in length. This they use to wrap around leaves and pull them off trees.

Their fur has a light yellowish tan or off-white colour with brown or russet patches. No two giraffes have the same pattern. The different sub-species have different coat patterns. Both male and female giraffes have small horn-like stumps on their head, which are covered with skin. The horns are called ossicones. These come from the cartilage displaced from their skull as it develops. These are fur-covered bumps on their skulls, unlike the horns of other animals.

Giraffes are found in parts of Africa. They live on the savannah, which is the African grassland, or in light woodland. They do not live in thick forests where it is difficult to see predators (such as lions) approaching.The temperature is normally around 70 degrees. Most giraffes live either in East Africa or in Angola and Zambia in southwestern Africa.

Giraffes eat mostly leaves from tall trees, which they can reach because of their long legs and long necks, as well as fruit. Their rough tongue allows them to eat the acacia leaves protected by thorns. They can go without water for weeks. Like all mammals, giraffes have only seven bones in their necks.

Giraffes live alone or in loose groups. Young male giraffes foa single baby, which is called "calf". Giraffes give birth while standing, so the baby falls down 2 metres. Giraffe calfs are already 2 m tall and weigh 50–55 kg. The calf stays with its mother for 1 years. Young giraffes become mature when they are 4 years old, and they are fully grown when they are 6 years old. Giraffes can live to 25 years old, and in captivity they can live 35 years.

Giraffes use their feet to kick predators away, and mature male giraffes use their head and necks to fight for dominance at mating time. These long necks, are, in fact, used as a weapon during the male on male intra–sexual battle that is also referred to as a spar. The females, who receive little to no aid from their partners in raising the calves, prefer the males that are victorious. Those with the longer and stronger necks will reproduce more frequently and keep their genes in the giraffe population for longer compared to the males with shorter, weaker necks.

There are about nine different subspecies of giraffe, with only small differences between them. When giraffes of two different sub-species breed, the young are called hybrids (mixed breeds). Of the nine sub-species of giraffe, only one, the Rothchild's, is endangered.

Giant isopod

Giant isopods are big crustaceans that live at the bottom of the ocean. They can grow up to 45 cm long and weigh up to 1.7 kg. Currently about 9 different species are known. Giant isopods usually eat dead whales, fish and squid. They may also be active scavengers, and hunt slow-moving prey, such as sea cucumbers, sponges, nematodes. Perhaps they even catch live fish. They live in depths between 170m to about 2200m. Over 80% can be found between 365 m and 730 m  of depth. They probably prefer a muddy or clay ocean floor environment, and lead solitary lives.

Elementary algebra

Elementary algebra is the most basic form of algebra taught to students. It is often one of the next areas of mathematics taught to students after arithmetic. While in arithmetic only numbers and operators like +, −, ×, and ÷ occur; in algebra, variables (like "a", "x", "y") are used to stand for numbers. This is useful because:

These three are the main strands of elementary algebra. Elementary algebra is often used in many other subjects, like science, business, and building. Abstract algebra, a much more advanced topic, is generally taught late in college.

If an equation has only one number that is unknown it is sometimes easy to solve. The unknown number is called "x":

To solve a simple equation with one unknown amount add, subtract, multiply, or divide both sides of the equation by the same number in order to put the unknown amount, x, on one side of the equation. Once x is by itself on one side, use arithmetic to determine the amount on the other side of the equation. For example, by subtracting 4 from both sides in the equation above:

getting:

Dividing both sides by 2:
getting:

It may help to think of this equation as a see-saw or balance, what you do to one side, you must do to the other and your main aim is to get "x" by itself.

formula_10 has the following components:

<br>
1 : Exponent (power), 2 : Coefficient, 3 : term, 4 : operator, 5 : constant, formula_11 : variables

Kesälahti

Kesälahti is a former municipality in Finland. It is part of the North Karelia region. There are almost 2,700 people living in Kesalahti.

Kesalahti is the southernmost municipality of North Karelia. It was officially founded in 1873. The area of the municipality is 582.67 km². 195.42 km² of it is water.

Kesälahti is advertised as a popular summer destination for families enjoying camping. The Puruvesi lake shores host three active camping grounds with cabins,¨and tent and trailer lots to let. The name of the municipality can be translated as 'summer bay'.

The current mayor is Jorma Turunen.

It was merged with Kitee on 1 January 2013.

Hummovaara, Kesälahti (centre), Marjoniemi, Purujärvi, Salokylä, Sarvisalo, Suitsansaari, Totkunniemi, Varmonniemi, Villala


Eckerö

Eckerö is a municipality in the Åland Islands, Finland. As of March 2006, there are 926 people living in Eckerö.

Eckerö is the westernmost municipality of Finland. Mariehamn, the capital of Åland, is located 35 km away. 95 % of the people in Eckerö speak Swedish as their first language. 


Utsjoki

Utsjoki is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. Utsjoki is the only municipality in Finland where most people speak Sami as their first language.

As of February 2005, 1,373 people lived in Utsjoki. The municipalities next to it are Inari in Finland and Karasjok, Tana and Nesseby in Norway. Nuorgam in Utsjoki is the northernmost village in Finland and the European Union.

Rivers: Teno River (related page, Tana River (Europe)

Names: In the Northern Sami language, the municipality is known as "Ohcejohka".

Savitaipale

Savitaipale is a Finnish municipality in the South Karelia region. As of January 2014, more than 3,700 people lived in Savitaipale.
Savitaipale has an area of 690.78 km². 151.63 km² of it is water. The municipality is on the coast of the Lake Kuolimo. Helsinki is 220 km away. Neighbouring municipalities are Kouvola, Lemi, Luumäki, Mikkeli, Mäntyharju, Puumala and Taipalsaari. The municipality was established in 1639.

Havola, Hyrkkälä, Jokeinmaa, Kaihtula, Karhula, Kaskeinkylä, Kaulio (Kauliala), Kokkola, Korhola, Korpela, Koskeinkylä, Kuivanen, Kunttula, Kurhila (Järviä), Kylliälä, Kärpänen, Laksiainen, Lamminpää, Luotola, Luotolahti, Lyytikkälä, Marttila, Monola, Niinimäki, Paukkula, Peltoinlahti, Pettilä, Purtoismäki, Pöntylä, Rahikkala, Rantala, Ratasalo, Savitaipale, Solkeinkylä, Susivuori, Säänjärvi, Tukiala, Uiminniemi, Valkolanmäki, Virmajärvi, Välijoki


Vantaa

Vantaa () is the fourth largest city in Finland (after Helsinki, Espoo and Tampere). It is part of the Greater Helsinki area. The most important parts of Vantaa are Tikkurila, Hakunila, Koivukylä, Korso, Martinlaakso and Myyrmäki. Tuusula, Kerava, Sipoo, Helsinki, Espoo and Nurmijärvi are neighbour communities and cities of Vantaa.

Vantaa has been a city since 1974. As of April 2014, the population was about 208,800. The current mayor is Juhani Paajanen.

The biggest airport in Finland, Helsinki-Vantaa, is in Central Vantaa.

Finnish and Swedish are the official languages of Vantaa. In 2006 Swedish was the mother language of 3.1 percent of population of Vantaa.



Karstula

Karstula is a municipality in Central Finland. More than 4,900 people live in Karstula.

Karstula is located 100 kilometres from the city of Jyväskylä. The municipality was founded in 1867.

The municipalities next to it are Kannonkoski, Kivijärvi, Kyyjärvi, Saarijärvi and Soini.

Karstula, Oinoskylä, Kiminki, Rantakylä, Vahanka, Vastinki, Kangasaho, Humppi and Aho-Vastinki.


Dimmu Borgir

Dimmu Borgir is a black metal band created in 1993 in Norway. Its name is Icelandic for a "dark castle". 

The band's first recordings were in Norwegian, but today, most of the recordings are in English. The newest studio album is "Abrahadabra" (2010). The studio album "In Sorte Diaboli" (2007) entered the Norwegian album chart at No. 1 — the first time a black metal band has ever got to the No. 1 position on a national album chart anywhere in the world. Dimmu Borgir's previous release, "Death Cult Armageddon", as well as Satyricon's "Now, Diabolical" previously reached No. 2 position on the Norwegian album chart.

A week after "In Sorte Diaboli" reached No. 1 on the Norweigan album charts, the album attained No. 43 on The Billboard 200, making them the first Norwegian band since the 80's pop group 'A-HA' to enter the U.S. Top 50.

"In Sorte Diaboli" features the London Philharmonic Orchestra. Strangely, the album has been banned by the UK album charts for questionable reasons.








Kuru

Kuru or Kurus may be:



Sonata Arctica

Sonata Arctica is a Finnish power metal band founded in 1996 in Kemi.

The band's original name was Tricky Beans. After releasing three demo recordings it was changed into Tricky Means. Afterwards the band adopted its current name.

Before they became as famous and popular as they are, they got attention from metal fans for touring and playing with the band Nightwish.

Sonata Arctica's first music album was "Ecliptica". It was released on November 1999 in Finland and elsewhere in 2000. 30,000 copies were sold in Japan. The newest studio recording is
"Stone grow her name" (2012).











Carpet

A carpet is a rectangular piece of woven textile.

Generally, carpets are used to make spaces more beautiful and to make walking on the floor quieter. Carpets are warmer and softer than hard floors such as hardwood, tile, or concrete. Carpets may be many different sizes. 

Rugs and carpets originated in Central Asia, but the idea of machine manufacture was invented in Europe. The oldest known carpet was found in the year of 1947 at excavations in Siberia. So there are two different kinds of things: one is hand-made by traditional methods, and the other woven by machine. This accounts for the very great difference in style and price between traditional rugs and modern wall-to-wall carpeting.

The name "carpet" comes from Old Italian carpita, "carpire" means to pluck. The term "carpet" is used mostly to describe textiles placed on the floor most of the times stretched from wall to wall.

Rugs are smaller in size, often placed over a carpet, and often decorated. In Islam, rugs are used as prayer mats, for people to kneel on when they pray.

It is common, especially in the Middle East, for rugs and carpets to be used as wall decoration, and they are designed with decoration in mind. Mass-manufactured carpets in western countries are utilitarian: for hard use on the floor, and usually self-coloured (that is one color over the whole carpet). Traditional rugs from the Middle East are hand-made and may be very expensive by the time they reach shops in the western world.

In some countries carpets are designed in a way to tell stories. They can tell history of family or something important that happened.

Digon

In geometry, a digon is a polygon with two sides (edges) and two vertices. Its construction is degenerate in a Euclidean plane because either the two sides would coincide or one or both would have to be curved; however, it can be easily visualised in elliptic space.

A regular digon has both angles equal and both sides equal and is represented by Schläfli symbol {2}. It may be constructed on a sphere as a pair of 180 degree arcs connecting antipodal points, when it forms a lune.

The digon is the simplest abstract polytope of rank 2.

A truncated "digon", t{2} is a square, {4}. An alternated digon, h{2} is a monogon, {1}.

Great circle

A great circle is the largest possible circle that can be drawn on a sphere, one that divides the surface into equal halves, called hemispheres. It is a circle that has the same diameter as the sphere it was drawn on. These curves are geodesics in the sphere and all have the same circumference, that is, the length around of the circle.

There are an infinite number of great circles that can be drawn on any perfect sphere. The longitude lines on a globe all form great circles that pass through the same two points (the North Pole and the South Pole). The Equator is another great circle.

Great Circles can be used to determine the shortest surface distance between two points on a sphere (or on the Earth).

A straight line from plane Euclidean geometry corresponds to a Great Circle in non-Euclidean spherical geometry.


John Dalton

John Dalton (6 September 1766–27 July 1844) was a British chemist and physicist. He was born in Cumberland to a Quaker family. He is best known for his discoveries in atomic theory. He also made the first important studies of color blindness.
Dalton's Atomic theory is a scientific theory about atoms. Dalton made the theory to explain why the elements would combine in certain ways The idea of atoms was already known at the time, but not widely accepted. Dalton's theory of atoms was based on actual observation. Before this, ideas about atoms were based more on philosophy. 

His theory stated that:



Kauniainen

Kauniainen () is a city in Uusimaa, Finland. It is part of the Greater Helsinki area. Kauniainen has an area 6.0 km² and is fully located within Espoo. 

Kauniainen has the lowest local taxation rate in Finland (16,5 %). A lot of rich people live there.

Kauniainen was officially founded in 1920. It became a city in 1972. There are about 8,550 people living in Kauniainen. Most of them (57 %) speak Finnish as their first language. 39 % have Swedish as their mother tongue.

Kauniainen has very good bus and train connections. There is a railway station. Many buses drive through Kauniainen.


Nummi-Pusula

Nummi-Pusula is a former municipality in Finland. It was formed in 1981 from the existing municipalities of Nummi and Pusula. The municipality is in Uusimaa and in the province of Southern Finland. On 1 January 2013, it became a part of Lohja.

Nummi-Pusula has an area of . of it is water. About 6,175 people lived there as of 31 December 2012.


Medicine man

A medicine man is a traditional Native American healer. Healing was only part of their function. Another part of their role was as guardian of their belief system, and their rituals. 

A very similar role was played in many other mesolithic and neolithic societies, such as pre-modern Africa and New Guinea. This person, man or woman, might help cure physical, mental, or spiritual health problems. A term such as shaman or witch doctor reflects the supernatural element in such roles.

Basement

The basement is the lowest level or levels in some buildings, almost always below the ground. There is another type of basement, called a subbasement. or subcellar A subcellar is just like a basement, but more below it.

Most basements have lights.

The first famous basements were made sometime in the 1950s. After that, many other kinds of basements were built and made. Later, most basements were used to have washing machines and other items in basements.

Soon, basements were used to contain or save water.

Throughout history and even today, basements have been put to multiple uses. The most common uses for basements include storage, holding utilities, and conversion to different types of living space, such as game rooms.

Landfill

A landfill is a place where waste is kept. Waste is usually buried in landfills, but it may first be sorted to remove any recyclable materials.

Landfills have a bad smell and look bad, therefore are usually located far away from where people live. 

Once the waste is crushed into very small pieces, it is buried, but without oxygen, a dangerous gas called methane is created. This process is called anaerobic digestion. In some countries, the methane from landfills is used to generate energy.

Roosevelt Regional Landfill, Roosevelt, Washington.
Denver Arapahoe Disposal Site, Aurora, Colorado.
Columbia Ridge Landfill, Arlington, Oregon.
Pine Tree Acres, Lenox, Michigan.


Human reproductive system

The reproductive system is the part of an organism that makes them able to sexually reproduce. Humans and other animals use their reproductive systems to have sexual intercourse as well as reproduce. The reproductive system is one of the human organ systems. 

The illustrations here show only human reproductive systems. Other mammals have similar reproductive systems.

Rectum

The rectum is a part of the large intestine which forms a part of the gastrointestinal system. The rectum ends in the anus which is the end of the gastrointestinal system. It is where feces or stools are stored temporarily before coming out of the anus.

Body temperature can also be taken in the rectum. Rectal temperature can be taken by inserting a medical thermometer not more than 25 mm (1 inch) into the rectum via the anus. Normal rectal temperature generally ranges from 36 to 38 °C (97.6 to 100.4 °F) and is about 0.5 °C (1 °F) above oral (mouth) temperature and about 1 °C (2 °F) above axilla (armpit) temperature and 3 degrees warmer than vaginal temperatures. 

The rectum was featured in film series, 'The Human Centipede,' a horror movie about the face of loss in a world of deep connection and interesting cuisine. Within the film it is stated that, "Humans have a profound desire for other rectums." Often this is due to the G-stop for men being located between the Anus and the testicles, giving men a desire to be anally penetrated in the rectum, this form of rectal pleasure first ever documented in the journal of Henry IV. 

County seat

A county seat is the location of a county government, and is usually the largest, oldest, or most central town or city within a county. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, the name county town is used rather than county seat. 

In the U.S. state of Louisiana, counties are called parishes and have parish seats rather than county seats; while in Alaska, counties are called boroughs and have borough seats. 


Pacific Islands

The Pacific Islands are islands that are in the Pacific Ocean. There are about 20,000 or 30,000 of them. These islands are sometimes called Oceania. The Pacific Islands are in three groups. These groups are Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia. People who live on these islands are called Pacific Islanders. These islands can be made by volcanoes or made on coral reefs. The islands made by volcanoes are bigger, and more people can live on them. The islands made on coral reefs are smaller, and fewer people can live on them. One of Oceania's biggest economic advantages are tourism. As many vacationers come to see the wildlife and the beautiful beaches that span the islands. Major countries and territories include the Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, French Polynesia, Hawaii (United States), Samoa, Solomon Islands, and Tonga.

Island nations in the western Pacific Ocean, such as Brunei, East Timor, Japan, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, and most of Indonesia are not considered parts of the Pacific Islands since they do not lie in any of the three Oceanic regions. People inhabiting those islands, therefore are not Pacific Islanders. 

Large intestine

The Large intestine is also called the colon or large bowel. It connects the small intestine to the rectum and anus. It is about 1.5 meters long or 5 feet. It is shorter than the small intestine, but its diameter is larger.

Water is absorbed here and the remaining waste material is stored as faeces before being removed by defecation.

Joensuu

Joensuu is a city in Finland. It is the centre of the region of North Karelia. Joensuu has an area of 2.751,13 km² and a population of around 77,000 people. 369.3 km² of the area is water. 

The Finnish capital, Helsinki is located 437 km away from Joensuu. There is a university in Joensuu.

The municipalities of Tuupovaara and Kiihtelysvaara were merged with Joensuu on January 1 2005. In 2009 the municipalities of Eno and Pyhäselkä were merged with Joensuu.


Tuupovaara

Tuupovaara was a municipality in the North Karelia region of Finland. It was merged with Joensuu on January 1 2005. Before 1913 the place was known as Kovero.

In 2004 there were 2,217 people living in Tuupovaara.

Eimisjärvi, Hartiovaara, Heinäaho, Herajärvi, Hoilola, Kinnasniemi, Kokinvaara, Konnunniemi, Kortevaara, Kovero, Luutalahti, Mannervaara, Pirttijärvi, Revonsonkaja, Saarivaara, Sonkajanranta, Tuupovaara, Öllölä

Urine

Urine (pee) is a liquid created by the body, in the kidneys. It is stored in the bladder and comes out of the human body through the urethra, a tube which leads from the bladder to the urethral meatus ("meatus" is an opening in the body), at the tip of the penis (men) or the vulva (women). Urinating is how the body gets rid of unwanted or unneeded substances in the blood. Urine is the liquid that these substances are put in. After the blood has circulated through the body, its composition has changed, because some substances in the blood have been absorbed by the body and because the body has released other substances into the blood. The blood has also absorbed substances produced from our food. The liver removes many toxins (harmful substances) and adds other substances that the blood needs (amino acids, proteins, coagulation factors, hormones, etc.). Then the kidneys remove excess amounts of urea, salts, etc. by putting them into the urine. After the blood has passed through the liver and the kidneys, it has the correct composition that the body needs.

Urine is mostly water, and contains mineral salts, and about 2% urea, which is produced in the liver to remove ammonia, which is a very toxic substance. Urea has very low toxicity, although a continuously high level of urea in the blood (a condition called hyperuremia) can cause disease.

The color of urine normally ranges from colourless to yellow. The yellow color is caused by urobilins, which are produced by the breakdown of hemoglobin, the substance that gives blood its red color. If a person is dehydrated, less urine will be produced (maybe less than one liter per day), and it will be more concentrated. If a person drinks a lot of water, more urine will be produced (maybe as much as two liters per day) and it will be less concentrated.

Urine lets the body get rid of:

Some slang terms for urine are "pee", "wee", "wee wees" and "piss".


Rudolf Vrba

Rudolf "Rudi" Vrba (September 11, 1924 – March 27, 2006), was a professor in the Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics at the University of British Columbia in Canada. His birth name was Walter Rosenberg. In April 1944, he escaped from the Auschwitz concentration camp. After escaping, he passed information to the Allies who were fighting the Axis Powers during the Second World War. He informed the authorities about the mass murder that was taking place at the camp.

Joel Brand

Joel Brand (25 April 1906 – 13 July 1964) was a Jew from Hungary. He helped to save many lives of Jews of Hungary from death. He saved them from being sent to Nazi Germany’s death camp at Auschwitz concentration camp.

Auschwitz concentration camp

Auschwitz was a group of extermination camps (death camps) run by Nazi Germany during World War II. There were three large camps at Auschwitz, and 3 smaller ones. Auschwitz I was the main camp, which held prisoners from 1940 to 1945. Auschwitz II (Birkenau) was the largest extermination camp run by Nazi Germany during The Holocaust. Auschwitz III (Monowitz) and the subcamps were labor camps where prisoners worked as slaves. These camps were established because there were too many Polish prisoners and not enough room in "local" prisons to hold them in.

The Auschwitz camps were in a town in Poland called Oświęcim. ("Auschwitz" is the German name for "Oświęcim.") In German, Auschwitz was called Konzentrationslager Auschwitz (KZ Auschwitz), which means "Auschwitz concentration camp."

The "Schutzstaffel" (SS), led by Heinrich Himmler, ran the death camps and labor camps in Nazi Germany.

No one knows exactly how many people were sent to Auschwitz, or how many died there. However, historians estimate that between 1940 and 1945, the Nazis sent at least 1.3 million people to Auschwitz. About 1.1 million of these people died or were killed at Auschwitz. l

Extermination camps were different from concentration camps. Starting in 1940, the Nazis built about 150 concentration camps and many more sub-camps. However, there were only six extermination camps in Nazi Germany, all in eastern Europe:

In extermination camps, almost everyone was killed right after they got to the camps. The Nazis killed about 3.0-3.5 million people in these death camps. 90% of them were Jewish people.

Every day, Nazi authorities brought many prisoners to Auschwitz on trains. The camp's SS doctors separated these prisoners into three groups. This was called "selection." Selection was how the SS decided which of Auschwitz's camps each prisoner would go to.

Most prisoners sent to Auschwitz were selected for death. This means the SS decided they should be killed right away. Usually, the SS put all children, most women, all elderly people, people who looked sick, and people who looked like they could not work in this group. SS guards brought these people right to Auschwitz's gas chambers and killed them with poison gas. They used a form of hydrogen cyanide, a type of poison gas called a blood agent. They called this poison gas Zyklon B. This gas was a very efficient way of killing the prisoners, and could kill everyone exposed to it within 20 minutes.

Primo Levi, a prisoner who survived Auschwitz, later wrote about what selections were like:

"In less than ten minutes all the fit [healthy] men had been collected together in a group. [I]n [the SS guards'] rapid and summary choice each one of us had been judged capable or not of working usefully for the [Third] Reich... [W]e know that of our [group] no more than ninety-six men and twenty-nine women entered the [camps], and that of all the others, more than five hundred in number, not one was living two days later…"
<br>
"Thus in an instant, our women, our parents, our children disappeared. We saw them for a short while as an obscure mass at the other end of the platform; then we saw nothing more."

The SS selected some strong, healthy people to be slave workers. They worked at Auschwitz I; at an IG Farben factory at Auschwitz III; and at munitions factories in the sub-camps. Records say that between 1940 and 1945, about 405,000 people worked as slave laborers, and about 84% of them (340,000) died.

Oskar Schindler, a German business owner, saved about 1,000 Jews from Poland. He sent them away to his factory, and these Jews survived.

SS officials chose a third group of people they could use for special jobs or medical experiments. For example:

Kapos and "Sonderkommandos" made it possible for a small number of SS guards to control tens of thousands of prisoners at Auschwitz. Altogether, about 7,000 SS members worked at Auschwitz.

Auschwitz I was the office for all of the camps in the Auschwitz complex.

The Nazis kept prisoners at Auschwitz from 14 June 1940 until 27 January 1945.

The first prisoners at Auschwitz I were 728 people from Poland. One of these prisoners was Kazimierz Albin. He survived Auschwitz. Later, he wrote about how the first day at Auschwitz began:

"[W]e had to line up in five rows... [SS guard] Frizsch announced: "This is Auschwitz Concentration Camp... Any resistance or disobedience will be ruthlessly punished. Anyone disobeying superiors, or trying to escape, will be sentenced to death. Young and healthy people don't live longer than three months here. Priests one month, Jews two weeks. There is only one way out—through the crematorium chimneys.""

Next were 48 homosexual men from Germany. Then Jews arrived as prisoners.

From 1940 to 1941, at any time, there were between 13,000 and 16,000 prisoners in Auschwitz I. By 1942, there were 20,000. Most of these prisoners were not Jewish, because most of the Jewish prisoners were sent to Auschwitz II.

At Auschwitz, the prisoners had to put marks on their uniforms to show why they were sent to Auschwitz. For example, Jewish prisoners had to sew two yellow triangles onto their clothes, in the shape of a Star of David. Homosexual people had to sew a pink triangle onto their clothes. The SS also gave each prisoner a serial number and tattooed the number on the prisoners' bodies. The SS never called prisoners by their names, only by their numbers.

The living conditions at Auschwitz I were very bad. Prisoners got very little food. There was no sanitation, which made it easy for diseases to spread. Many prisoners died from diseases, starvation, and freezing to death.

On Sundays, the prisoners had to clean their barracks, and were allowed to shower.

The SS built many types of rooms meant to punish and torture prisoners. These included:

Sometimes, the SS would tie a prisoner's hands behind his back and hang him by his wrists. This would break the person's shoulder joints. The SS would leave prisoners hanging like this for hours or days, sometimes until the prisoners died.

The SS also hung some prisoners by the neck, so they would die a slow and painful death.

The SS tried killing prisoners with Zyklon B for the first time at Auschwitz I, on 3rd September 1941.

In their first test, the SS used Zyklon B on 600 prisoners of war from the Soviet Union and about 250 Polish people. When the gas killed these prisoners, the SS realized that they could kill people much more quickly with Zyklon B than they could by shooting them. They built a gas chamber, where they could kill over 700 people at a time. They also built a crematorium in block 11 of the camp.

From 1941 to 1942, the SS killed about 60,000 people in this gas chamber. After 1942, they made the gas chamber an air-raid shelter for the SS to hide in if Allied planes were dropping bombs nearby.

Today, the gas chamber still exists. It has been re-built, using its original parts. Now, it is a part of the museum at Auschwitz.

On 26th March 1942, the SS sent the first women prisoners to Auschwitz.

From about March 1941 to January 1945, Nazi Dr. Carl Clauberg did medical experiments on many women at Auschwitz. He wanted to find a way to sterilize millions of people as easily and quickly as possible. He tried using X-rays, surgery, and medications to sterilize women prisoners. The Nazis' plan was to get rid of everyone who was not "Aryan." As part of this plan, the Nazis sterilized many people so they could not have children who were not "Aryan."

In 1943, Heinrich Himmler ordered the SS to create a brothel in Auschwitz. Non-Jewish women prisoners were forced to work in the brothel. Prisoners who were important to the Nazis, like kapos and chefs, were allowed to use the brothel as a reward. Heinrich Himmler also ordered homosexual prisoners to visit the brothel every week. He thought this would 'cure' them of being homosexual.

Johanna Langefeld, Maria Mandel, and Elisabeth Volkenrath were in charge of the women prisoners at Auschwitz.

Criminal Joseph Mengele did medical experiments on many prisoners, especially twins, dwarves, and people with physical disabilities. All of these experiments were very crude and painful. For example, Mengele castrated some prisoners without using any anesthetics. Many women and men died during these experiments.

Mengele was also in charge of Auschwitz's camp "hospital." This was not like a regular hospital. Prisoners who were doctors, like Gisella Perl, worked there. They tried to help prisoners who were sick or hurt, but they had no medications or medical supplies, not even clean bandages or running water. If patients did not get better quickly, Mengele sent them to the gas chambers, or Nazi doctors killed them by injecting them with phenol.

Auschwitz II was Auschwitz's death camp. It was also called Birkenau (pronounced "BEER-kin-now"), which means "the birch wood" (forest). Today, Birkenau is often just called "Auschwitz."

The Nazis began building Auschwitz II in October 1941, because Auschwitz I was getting too crowded. By this time, Adolf Hitler had decided to kill all of the Jewish people. The Nazis called this plan the "Final Solution." Soon after it was built, Heinrich Himmler ordered Auschwitz II to be used as a killing center. Its goal would be to kill every prisoner that was sent there.

Auschwitz II had four gas chambers. The Nazis made the gas chambers look like showers. They convinced prisoners that they were going into the gas chambers to shower. Then they dropped Zyklon B into the gas chambers and killed everyone inside. The dead bodies were burned to ashes in Auschwitz II's four crematoria.

Auschwitz II was the largest death camp run by Nazi Germany during The Holocaust. The SS killed more people at Auschwitz than in any of the other Nazi death camps. The SS built Auschwitz II's gas chambers so that 2,000 people could fit inside at once. This meant they were able to kill about 2,000 people every 30 minutes in the gas chambers.

Auschwitz III was also called Monowitz (pronounced "MOW-no-vitz"). At Monowitz and the 48 subcamps around it, prisoners worked as slaves in the IG Farben factory and factories that made weapons for the German Army.

The IG Farben factory at Monowitz opened in 1941. By October 1942, prisoners had been forced to build the Monowitz camp, so slave workers could live there. IG Farben paid for the camp to be built. This made Monowitz the first concentration camp in history to be paid for and built by a private company.

Between 1941 and 1945, about 35,000 prisoners worked at the IG Farben factory. Seven out of every ten of these prisoners (about 25,000) died from starvation, disease, and being forced to work so hard. The average prisoner lived for only three months after being sent to Monowitz.

Managers at the IG Farben factory were always trying to make the prisoners work harder. Often they threatened prisoners by saying they would be sent to the gas chambers if they did not work harder. Every month, 20% of the slave workers at the factory (one out of every five) died or were sent to the gas chambers.

Until the summer of 1943, Rudolf Höss was the commander of Auschwitz. After him, Arthur Liebehenschel and Richard Baer became commanders of the camp.

After World War II, Höss wrote an autobiography. He gave many details about Auschwitz's camps. At the Nuremberg Trials, he received the death penalty. He was hanged in front of the crematorium at Auschwitz I.

By 1943, many resistance groups had formed inside Auschwitz's camps. These were groups who tried to fight back against the Nazis, any way they could.

Resistance groups helped some prisoners to escape from Auschwitz. These people brought information to the world about the killings happening at Auschwitz.

However, if one prisoner escaped, the SS killed many other prisoners. Sometimes, they brought the escaped prisoners' family members to Auschwitz. The SS did these things so that other prisoners would not try to escape. Overall, about 700 prisoners tried to escape from Auschwitz's three different camps. Of these 700, about 300 were able to escape.

Some of the "Sonderkommando" at Auschwitz fought back against the SS. For example, in 1944, some of the "Sonderkommando" at Auschwitz blew up one of the camp's crematoria.

Also in 1944, members of the "Sonderkommando" secretly took pictures inside Auschwitz. These are the only pictures that show the mass murder that was happening at Auschwitz. Members of the Polish resistance helped sneak the photographs out of the camp.

The Allies got some information about Auschwitz's camps between 1941 and 1944. However, they did not believe that so many people were being killed at Auschwitz. Then two people, Rudolf Vrba and Alfred Wetzler, escaped from Auschwitz. They wrote reports about what was happening at Auschwitz. From these reports, Allied leaders learned the truth about Auschwitz in the middle of 1944.

During 1944, Allied airplanes had taken some photographs of the area, including Auschwitz. However, no one studied these photographs. The first time anyone looked at these photos carefully was in the 1970s.

At one time, the Allies had planned to bomb the camps. However, they decided not to, because they did not want to kill any prisoners. In fact, some planes dropped bombs at nearby military targets. One bomb fell on the camp. It killed 315 prisoners and hurt 1425 more.

People still argue about what the Allies could have done to save more of the prisoners at Auschwitz.

By late 1944, the Red Army was close to Auschwitz. The SS blew up the gas chambers at Birkenau to hide what they had done. They also destroyed many other buildings and records. On 17th January 1945, the camps' SS guards started to leave Auschwitz. They forced more than 58,000 prisoners to march west to the cities Gliwice or Wodzilaw. At the arrival of these cities they were transported by trains to concentration camps in Germany. They left behind only those who could not march. About 38,000 prisoners died on the forced march.

On 27th January 1945, the soldiers in the Red Army's 322nd Infantry reached Auschwitz. They found and freed about 7,500 prisoners.

Nobody knows exactly how many people died at Auschwitz, or other Nazi camps. The SS kept records, but they destroyed most of them.

Historians have used many different ways of estimating how many people died at Auschwitz. For example, they have studied what witnesses at the Nuremberg Trials said. Some people who survived Auschwitz also helped to estimate how many people died there.

Still, many different people and governments have disagreed about this:
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum says that these are "the best estimates of the number of victims" at Auschwitz between 1940 and 1945:

A few years after World War II ended, the government of Poland decided to rebuild Auschwitz and put a museum there. They repaired some of the camps. Sometimes they made very small changes from the original setup.

The museum has many parts and exhibits. They include:

In 1947, the museum was opened for the public. Later, people scattered the ashes of Auschwitz's victims between the huts where the prisoners lived. They see the entire area as a gravesite.

In 1979, the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Association (UNESCO) made Auschwitz a World Heritage Site.

Also in 1979, Polish Pope John Paul II celebrated Mass at Auschwitz II.

In the 1980s, Pope John Paul II made two people who were killed at Auschwitz into Catholic saints:

In 2005, the United Nations made 27 January the International Holocaust Remembrance Day. They chose 27 January because it is the day that the Red Army freed Auschwitz.

On 27 January 2005, the European Parliament marked the anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation with a minute of silence. The European Parliament also passed a resolution saying that the murder of about 1.5 million people at Auschwitz's camps was terrible. The Parliament said they passed the resolution partly because of “the disturbing rise in antisemitism, and especially antisemitic incidents, in Europe, and for learning anew the wider lessons about the dangers of victimizing people on the basis of race, ethnic origin, religion, social classification, politics or sexual orientation."

After World War II, the communist governments of the Soviet Union and Poland put up a memorial sign at Auschwitz. The sign said 4 million people died at Auschwitz. After the fall of the communist government in Poland in 1989, the sign was changed to say that 1.1 million people died there. People who try to deny the Holocaust use this difference to claim that the Holocaust was propaganda. However, the Holocaust is a fact of history, and the SS killed at least 1.1 million people at Auschwitz.

Starting in 1989, the Polish government and media argued that it was not fair to use the name "Polish death camps" to describe the Auschwitz camps. They said this name made it seem like Poland ran the death camps. In fact, Nazi Germany had taken over Poland, and the Nazis ran the death camps. In 2006, the Polish government asked UNESCO to change the name of the World Heritage Site at Auschwitz. They wanted UNESCO to change the name from "Auschwitz Concentration Camp" to "Former Nazi German Concentration Camp Auschwitz-Birkenau". The Polish government thought this would avoid misleading the public and would show that Nazi Germany ran the camp, not Poland. In 2007, UNESCO agreed, and changed the site's name to "Auschwitz Birkenau: German Nazi Concentration and Extermination Camp (1940-1945)."

The Polish government had allowed filming at the sites for two movies, and a TV series. However, in some cases, they did not allow filming inside the camps. In February 2006, Poland refused visas to some researchers from Iran who wanted to visit Auschwitz. They did this because the President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, has denied the Holocaust, and even said that it is "a myth."

In 1984, the Carmelites opened a convent near Auschwitz I. Jewish groups protested, and the Carmelites removed the convent in 1993.

In 1987, after Pope John Paul II beatified Edith Stein, Catholic people put up a cross near the gas chamber. After some time, a Star of David appeared at the site. Many religious symbols appeared. Finally, people removed all of them.

In 1988, the Carmelites put up an 8-meter (26-foot) tall cross outside block 11 at Auschwitz. Jewish groups protested, saying that most of the people killed at Auschwitz were Jewish. By 1998, 300 smaller crosses had appeared. Finally, people removed the smaller crosses. However, the larger cross is still there.



Savukoski

Savukoski (Inari Sami: Suovâkuoškâis, Northern Sami: Suovvaguoika) is a Finnish municipality in the Province of Lapland. As of 2005, 1,326 people lived there. The area is 6,496.64 km². The municipality was founded in 1916.

