The Russian Republic, officially the Russian Democratic Federal Republic, was a short-lived state that existed from 1917 to 1918. It replaced the former Russian Empire, and was the last non-communist unified Russian nation before the beginning of the Russian Civil War. It was created by the Russian Provisional Government in 1917, another short-lived state that replaced the Russian Empire. While the Bolsheviks had removed the government of the Republic, there would be one more attempt to recreate the Russian Republic in 1918, which ended in the Bolsheviks once again removing the government, a day later.

After the February Revolution, Nicholas II resigned from the throne as Tsar of the Russian Empire, and a provisional government was formed. This provisional government was semi-democratic (with power split between the Bolsheviks and the provisional government), however had a very fragile government. In July 1917, the then leader of the Republic, Georgy Lvov resigned after not being able to gain the support of the Russian people. Lavr Kornilov gained control of the Republic, and created another provisional government. Bolshevik forces would remove the government in charge of the Republic in November 1917, but the government continued to "de jure" exist until January 1918.

Poppy.Computer Tour

The Poppy.Computer Tour was the first concert tour by American singer Poppy. It was for her 2017 album "Poppy.Computer". The tour started on October 19, 2017, in New Orleans. It ended in Mexico City on April 27, 2018.

The opening act for the concerts was Charlotte the Mannequin. She is a character that Poppy made and is not real.

Poppy released her "Poppy.Computer" album in October 2017. She announced the tour in July 2017.

These are the songs that Poppy performed in Austin, Texas. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.


List of United States representatives from Alabama

This is an ordered by letter list of Alabama house members of the United States House of Representatives. For a list of ordered by time members for both houses of the United States Congress from the state, look at the page United States congressional delegations from Alabama. This page should be done, but other items may be not done.


List of Representatives from Alabama on English Wikipedia

Binder clip

A binder clip is a simple tool for holding sheets of paper together. This is usually made of spring steel and is usually found in an office workplace. It also has alternative uses including bookmarks and wire clips. To use it, push the back two silver handles together for the black clamp to open, insert the paper in the opening seen in the black clamp. You can then let go of the black handles and release the clamp, holding the papers together.

Drew Weissman

Drew Weissman (born September 7, 1959) is an American physician and immunologist. He is known for his contributions to RNA biology.

Weissman's work helped create the mRNA vaccines, the best known of which are those for COVID-19 produced by BioNTech/Pfizer and Moderna. With biochemist Katalin Karikó, Weissman won the 2023 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

Katalin Karikó

Katalin "Kati" Karikó (, ; born 17 January 1955) is a Hungarian-American biochemist. Her work focuses in ribonucleic acid (RNA)-mediated mechanisms, particularly in vitro-transcribed messenger RNA (mRNA) for protein replacement therapy.

Karikó's work helped lead to the creation of the mRNA vaccines. Karikó received the 2023 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for her work, along with American immunologist Drew Weissman.

Pierre Agostini

Pierre Agostini (; born 23 July 1941) is a French experimental physicist. He is an Emeritus professor at Ohio State University. He is known for his work in strong-field laser physics and attosecond science. He is also known for his invention of the reconstruction of attosecond beating by interference of two-photon transitions (RABBITT) technique. He was jointly awarded the 2023 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Ferenc Krausz

Ferenc Krausz (born 17 May 1962) is a Hungarian–Austrian physicist. He worked in attosecond science. He is a director at the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics and a professor of experimental physics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany. In 2023, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Anne L'Huillier

Anne Geneviève L'Huillier (; born 16 August 1958) is a French-Swedish physicist. She is the fifth woman to win this prize. She is a professor of atomic physics at Lund University in Sweden. 

She studies the movements of electrons in real time, which is used to understand chemical reactions at the atomic level. 

L'Huillier became a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 2004. She won the Wolf Prize in Physics in 2022 and the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2023.

Moungi Bawendi

Moungi Gabriel Bawendi (; born 15 March 1961) is an American-Tunisian-French chemist. He is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Bawendi is known for his works in the chemical production of high-quality quantum dots. In 2023, he was honored with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Louis E. Brus

Louis Eugene Brus (born August 10, 1943) is an American chemist. He is a professor at Columbia University. He is the co-discoverer of the colloidal semi-conductor nanocrystals known as quantum dots. In 2023, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Alexey Ekimov

Alexey Ivanovich Ekimov (; born 1945) is a Russian physicist. He is known for his works in nanomaterials research. He discovered the semiconductor nanocrystals known as quantum dots in 1981. In 2023, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this discovery.

List of U.S. state and territory nicknames

Official nicknames are highlighted in bold. A state nickname should not be confused with an official state motto.


CausaLens

CausaLens is an artificial intelligence software company, specialized in causal AI, founded in June 2016 and came out of stealth mode in January 2021. The company is based in London and pioneers the development and commercialisation of Causal AI. CauseLens develops a causal AI platform that can reason like humans, through cause-effect relationships. The company develops the first operating system for decision making. The company got 45 million dollars in January 2022 for their Causal AI technology. The CEO and co-founder of CausaLens is Dr. Darko Matovski. The company was named a Cool Vendor in AI Core Technologies by Gartner and selected by Tech Nations, a UK government program supporting British technology startups.


List of New Zealand electorates

This is a list of current and former New Zealand electorates.

Stewart Island

Stewart Island (, 'glowing skies', officially Stewart Island / Rakiura) is an island of New Zealand which is part of Southland. It is the country's third largest island and is located south of the South Island, across the Foveaux Strait. The island's only town is Oban, which is on Halfmoon Bay.

The economy of Stewart Island is mostly based on fishing and summer tourism, because in the winter it gets very cold on the island. The island can be accessed by boat or by plane. Ryan's Creek Aerodrome is the only airport on the island and offers direct flights to and from Invercargill Airport with Stewart Island Flights and to and from Queenstown Airport with Glenorchy Air. Ferries connect the island to the town of Bluff on the South Island.

Pseudophilautus oxyrhynchus

Pseudophilautus oxyrhynchus is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. These frogs all died. The species is extinct.

One adult female frog was 18.6 mm long from nose to rear end. Her eardrum was oval instead of round.

This frog is extinct. Scientists saw it years ago, but they could not find any more when they went to look for it.

Scientists think this frog died because human beings changed the places where it lived.

Asian cat

The Asian or Asian group is a breed of cat. It is similar to the Burmese cat.

The breed was developed in the United Kingdom. It was first bred in 1981 by Baroness Miranda von Kirchberg.

Asian cats are medium-sized cats with lean, muscular bodies. Asian cats have a broad, rounded chest and slender legs. The tail is straight and quite long. The head is round and the eyes are wide and yellow in color.

Asian cats are very dear and loved cats, just like Burmese. Asian cats are highly curious and love to explore the house. Asian cats also have a strong will. These cats often enjoy traveling if they take a walk. Asian cats have a very loud voice. Their behavior is very similar to that of the Burmese cat. Asian cats are sociable and adapt easily to strangers.


Tiffanie (cat)

The Tiffanie is a breed of cat. It is a cross breed between the burmese and the Persian chinchilla. It is also called the Asian semi-longhair.

In the 1980s in Great Britain, there was a breeding program that crossed the burmese with the Persian chinchilla. Thus, long-haired burmilla kittens were born.

Initially Tiffanies were not considered important by cat breeders, because they lacked the desirable characteristics of the burmilla breed. But a small group of cat breeders tried to develop the Tiffanie. Later, their efforts were successful, and the breed became popular.

In 1991, the Tiffanie was recognized by GCCF with preliminary status. In 1999, its status changed to under observation. Then finally, tiffanie changed its status again to "Championship".

Tiffanie is a medium-bodied cat with a smooth, soft coat and long hair around the neck and a thick, fluffy tail. The body shape of this cat breed is similar to the burmese and Persian chinchilla.


Hylodes ornatus

The ornate tree toad ("Hylodes ornatus") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro and Santa Catarina in Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Parque Nacional do Itatiaia.

Tiffanie

Tiffanie may refer to:


Bambino cat

The Bambino is a breed of cat. It is a cross breed between Sphynx and munchkin.

It was registered as an experimental breed by the International Cat Association (TICA) in 2005.

Bambinos have short legs and large, straight ears inherited from munchkins, and like Sphynxes, they are hairless.

Alessandro Rivolta

Alessandro Rivolta is an Italian retired archer. He was born on 9 June 1962. Rivolta competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Am I a Girl? Tour

The Am I a Girl? Tour was the second concert tour by American singer Poppy. It was for her 2018 album "Am I a Girl?". The tour started on September 23, 2018, in Barcelona. It ended on February 27, 2019, in San Diego.

On Halloween 2018, Poppy released her album "Am I a Girl?". In July 2018, she announced she would do a tour for it.

The North American part of the tour was originally supposed to happen in late 2018. It actually did not happen until early 2019 because of "delays out of [her] control with the new album". To thank her fans for waiting, she released a song called "Immature Couture".

These are the songs that Poppy sang in Seattle, Washington. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.


Esther Robertson

Esther Candotti is an Italian retired archer. She was born on 29 October 1952. Robertson competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Guendalina Sartori

Guendalina Sartori is an Italian archer. She was born on 8 August 1988. Sartori competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Kiko

Kiko or KIKO may refer to:



One Word (Baby Animals song)

"One Word" is a 1992 song by Australian band Baby Animals. It is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Baby Animals" and went to number 15 in Australia. It was their first top 20 hit. In 2019 Australian rock band The Angels released a version of "One Word".

Australian CD single (25007)

US CD single (IM 28023)

Light Years (Pearl Jam song)

"Light Years" is a 2000 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the second and final single from their sixth studio album "Binaural". It went to number 17 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts, number 52 in the United Kingdom, number 46 in Scotland, number 64 in Australia and number 5 in Portugal.

All songs were written by Eddie Vedder except where noted.

CD (US, Austria, and UK) and 12-inch vinyl (Austria)

CD (Enhanced) (Australia)

CD (Austria and South Africa)

7-inch vinyl (UK)

1959 Coatzacoalcos earthquake

The 1959 Coatzacoalcos earthquake, also known as Jáltipan earthquake, hit at 02:25 local time on 26 August 1959, in Veracruz, Mexico. A magnitude of 6.4 was given at a depth of , and had a maximum Modified Mercalli intensity was VIII ("Severe").

The epicenter of this earthquake was right off the coast of Coatzacoalcos in the Gulf of Mexico. It caused damage to several cities, including Acayucan, Coatzacoalcos, Jáltipan, and Minatitlán. 25 peoples died of the earthquake, and around 200 people were injured. This area doesn't usually have big earthquakes. Most of Mexico's earthquakes happen along the Middle America Trench on the southwest coast. But sometimes, on the eastern side near the Gulf of Mexico, there are earthquakes, although they're not as common as in places closer to Veracruz. These earthquakes in the Gulf area happen because of pressure from the Earth's plates pushing against each other due to a process called subduction.

Aaron Solo

Aaron Solow is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Aaron Solo.

On the July 15, 2020 episode of "Dark", Solo would make his in-ring debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would face Scorpio Sky but lost. 

On February 8, 2021, Solo would then join as a member of Cody Rhodes' group, the Nightmare Family. On the March 2 episode of "Dark", Solo would get his first victory in AEW. He teamed with his fellow Nightmare Family member Lee Johnson and they would defeat Chris Peaks & Louie Valle.

On the March 31 episode of "Dynamite", QT Marshall would attack Cody after their unsanctioned match. Solo, Nick Comoroto, and Anthony Ogogo would all turn heel and help with the beatdown after the match. They would then leave with Marshall.

Solo would team with The Factory (Nick Comoroto & QT Marshall) and they would defeat the Nightmare Family (Billy Gunn, Dustin Rhodes & Lee Johnson) on the March 28 episode of "Dynamite".

At Double or Nothing, Solo would compete in the Casino Battle Royal but it was eventually won by Jungle Boy.

On the August 25, 2023 episode of "Rampage", Solo faced Orange Cassidy for the AEW International Championship but lost.

Action Andretti

Action Andretti is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles in their sister company Ring of Honor (ROH).

Andretti has also appeared in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) and Game Changer Wrestling (GCW), 

On the January 10, 2022 episode of "", Andretti would make his in-ring debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would face Dante Martin but lost. 

The next few months, he would face competition like Private Party, Josh Woods, Tony Nese, and QT Marshall all on "Elevation" and "Dark" but would lose all his matches.

At Winter Is Coming, Chris Jericho would challenge Andretti to a match. During the match, Andretti would kick out of Jericho's finisher and the crowd would change "Let's go jobber!". Andretti would end up pulling off the upset victory over Jericho after hitting him with a shooting star press and pinning him. It was announced after the match that Andretti had signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Andretti would have a 4-match winning streak on "Dark" and "Rampage" afterwards. On the January 25, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Andretti teamed with Ricky Starks. They lost to the Jericho Appreciation Society (Chris Jericho & Sammy Guevara).

Health in Canada

Life expectancy at birth in Canada was 79.3 years for men and 84 years for women in 2022. For people aged 65 it was 19.5 years for men and 22.3 years for women. This is a little better than average of OECD countries. 

25% of Canadians have a body-mass index of 30 or higher—a measure of obesity. This is less than the 40% in the U.S.A, but twice the rate in Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland. Canada ranked 4th in the eleven countries for the number of suicides per 100,000 compared, with a rate of 11.8 per 100,000 compared to the U.S. rate of 13.9 which was the highest of the eleven wealthy countries. From 2000 to 2015, the number of preventable deaths caused by treatable health conditions—diabetes, high blood pressure or some cancers—dropped from 109 to 72 deaths per 100,000. 

Canada is suffering from the opioid crisis as fentanyl has replaced heroin. 13,000 people have died in British Columbia since 2016 when the local health authorities declared a state of emergency. This is the main cause of death in the province for people aged between 10 and 59. 

Stressed Out (A Tribe Called Quest song)

"Stressed Out" is a 1996 song by A Tribe Called Quest featuring Faith Evans. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Beats, Rhymes and Life" and went to number 33 in the United Kingdom, number 81 in Scotland and number 15 on the Billboard Hot Rap Songs chart.

A-side

B-side

Purdue Pharma

Purdue Pharma started as the Purdue Frederick Company in 1892. It was an American privately held pharmaceutical company in New York. Arthur, Mortimer, and Raymond Sackler bought it in 1952. They concentrated on pain management and advertised their drugs to doctors. Purdue Pharma L.P was created in 1991.

In 1996, Purdue Pharma started selling OxyContin, a new version of oxycodone, an opioid. It was approved by the FDA in 1995 after no long-term studies and no assessment of how addictive it was. Their advertising to doctors was very effective. The drug was very successful and made US$35 billion for Purdue. It is very easy to be addicted to it. From 1999 to 2020 opioids killed about 500,000 people in the USA. 

In 2007 the company was fined $634.5 million for misleading people about how addictive OxyContin was compared to other pain medicine. They carried on selling opioids until 2019. The company and the Sackler family were sued by hundreds of people and many American states. The company filed for bankruptcy. 

Kingdom of Bosnia

The Kingdom of Bosnia was a monarchy in the Balkans that existed from 1377 to 1463. It was established by Tvrtko I, and collapsed in the Hungarian invasions of Matthias I. It became a nation from the Banate of Bosnia, which was a "de facto" independent nation under Hungarian rule. The Banate became more and more independent from Hungary, and eventually became an independent Kingdom under Tvrtko I. After his death, the Kingdom had many internal problems, leading to a fight over who the king of Bosnia should be. This eventually led to Matthias I of Hungary invading the Kingdom to expand his influence over the Balkans.

Shirab Sengge

Shirab Sengge was a 14th century Mongol monk, teacher, and translator of several Buddhist scriptures into the Mongolian language. He was the disciple of Chosgi Odsir, a Buddhist monk who also translated Buddhist texts into Mongolian.

United States congressional delegations from Alabama

Since Alabama became a U.S. state in 1819, it has sent congressional delegations to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives. Each state votes for senators for 6 years. Each state also votes for a house representative for 2 years. Before become a state, the territory of Alabama elected a non-voting representative for Congress.

These are lists of the delegations from Alabama to the United States Congress.

Alabama's current congressional delegation in the has two senators, who are both Republican. Alabama also has 7 representatives, 6 of them are Republican while the other one is a Democrat.

The current dean of the Alabama delegation is Representative Robert Aderholt. He has served in the U.S. Congress since 1997.

Starting on January 29, 1818, Alabama Territory sent a non-voting delegate to the House.

After being allowed into the Union on December 14, 1819, Alabama had one seat in the House.

After the 1820 census, Alabama had three seats.

After the 1830 census, Alabama had five seats. During the 27th Congress, those seats were voted on across the state at-large on a general ticket.

After the 1840 census, Alabama re-continued using districts. They now had 7 districts.

After the 1860 census, Alabama was given six seats.

After the 1870 census, Alabama was allowed eight seats. From 1873 to 1877, the two new seats were elected at large, statewide. However after 1877, the delegation was redistricted.

After the 1890 census, Alabama was allowed nine seats.

After the 1910 census, Alabama was allowed ten seats. At first, the extra seat was elected at-large. Starting with the 1916 elections, the seats were redistricted and a was added.

After the 1930 census, Alabama was allowed nine seats.

After the 1960 census, Alabama was allowed eight seats. During the 88th Congress, those seats were all voted on statewide at-large on a general ticket.

Since the 1970 census, Alabama has been allowed seven seats.


Maurice, Prince of Orange

Maurice of Orange (14 November 1567 – 23 April 1625) was "stadtholder" of all the provinces of the Dutch Republic except for Friesland from 1585 at the earliest until his death in 1625. Before he became Prince of Orange upon the death of his eldest half-brother Philip William in 1618, he was known as Maurice of Nassau.

Anil Ambani

Anil Dhirubhai Ambani (born June 4, 1959) is an Indian businessman. He serves as the chairman and managing director of the Reliance Group, also known as the Reliance ADA Group. This group was established in July 2006 after separating from Reliance Industries Limited. Ambani is responsible for various publicly traded companies, including Reliance Capital, Reliance Infrastructure, Reliance Power, and Reliance Communications. He is the son of Indian industrialist Dhirubhai Ambani.

At one point, Anil Ambani was among the world's wealthiest individuals, but in February 2020, he made a statement in a UK court claiming that he had no assets left and was bankrupt. However, the accuracy of this assertion has been questioned.

He also served as a Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha, which is the upper house of India's Parliament. He represented Uttar Pradesh as an Independent Member of Parliament between 2004 and 2006.
Anil Ambani was born into a Gujarati family from Chorwad, Junagadh district, Gujarat. He is the son of textile entrepreneur Dhirubhai Ambani and Kokilaben Ambani. He has an older brother, Mukesh Ambani, and two sisters, Nina Kothari and Deepti Salgaoncar. Anil Ambani is married to actress Tina Munim and they have two sons, Jai Anmol Ambani and Jai Anshul Ambani.

In December 1998, Anil Ambani received the 'Businessman of the Year 1997' award from India's top business magazine, Business India. In December 2006, The Times of India conducted a poll, and people voted him as 'the Businessman of the Year'. In August 2006, India Today magazine did a poll and people chose him as the 'Best role model' among business leaders.

In the year 2004, he received the 'CEO of the Year' award in the Platts Global Energy Awards. In October 2002, the Bombay Management Association gave him the Entrepreneur of the Decade Award. In December 2001, he got the First Wharton Indian Alumni Award from the Wharton India Economic Forum (WIEF) for his work in making Reliance a global leader in many business areas.

In June 1999, Asiaweek magazine included him in its list of Leaders of the Millennium in Business and Finance. He was the only 'new hero' from India in the field of Business and Finance.

In India, internet.org is limited to subscribers of Reliance Communications (Jio), a telecommunications company owned by its conglomerate.

In 2014, he publicly wished a happy birthday to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, with whom he is very close.

In 2015, the French tax authority canceled a €143.7 million tax audit against Reliance Flag Atlantic France, a company owned by Ambani.

In October 2018, the French NGO Sherpa filed a complaint with the National Financial Prosecutor's Office to open an investigation into corruption and influence peddling in the sale of 36 Rafale fighter jets from France to India. The sale was negotiated between the French company Dassault Aviation and the Indian company Reliance Defence Limited, controlled by Ambani and formed 10 days before the final contract was signed in April 2015. In April 2019, the Supreme Court of India initiated a corruption inquiry into the same contract.

In October 2021, his name was mentioned in the Pandora Papers.

Eyalet

Eyalets, also known as beylerbeyliks, were special regions of the Ottoman Empire that were somewhat self governing, but were still officially parts of the Ottomans. More and more eyalets were made as the Ottomans expanded. Eyalets were divided into smaller districts called livas or sanjaks.

Karl Durspekt

Karl Franz Durspekt (23 November 1913 in Vienna, Austria – 14 February 1978 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for SK Admira Wien and Floridsdorfer AC as striker. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
As the son of a train driver, Karl Durspekt first worked as a typesetter and then became a professional football player. He started his professional career with SK Admira Wien. From the 1935–36 season he was under contract with FC Rouen, where he was part of the legendary “bomb storm” in France around Jean Nicolas, Roger Rio and Marceau Lhermine, who scored 119 goals in 34 second division games, 12 of which, scored in 20 appearances, were due to Durspekt. They were promoted to Division 1. The “Red Devils” also held their own at the higher level and finished fourth in the table in each of the following two years. Durspekt left the club in 1938. 

After his return to Vienna he played again for Admira in the 1938–39 season. He won the Austrian championship, which had been downgraded to a district championship. In the final round of the German championship Admira reached the final. In the final the Viennese lost 9-0 to FC Schalke 04.

He played for Floridsdorfer AC until 1942. 1942 till 1945 he played for the air force team LSV Markersdorf an der Pielach. During these years, LSV Markersdorf managed to become champions of the 1st class Lower Danube and to be promoted to the Gaulliga Donau-Alpenland. This was the highest league in the then Ostmark. After the war Durspekt played for Floridsdorfer AC for three more seasons from 1945 to 1948.
He played two matches for the Austrian national football team in 1935. His first match was a draw versus Czechoslowakia on 14 April, his last match was a 6-3 loss versus Hungary on 12 May.

After Durspekt had taken on coaching duties at the FAC, he began his full-time work as a coach at Hellenic Alexandria at the end of 1948. He then brought SC Nord-Wien into the Vienna League in 1952. Then he worked for Lower Austrian SV Wimpassing in 1950. In Sweden he became the first full-time coach at Lunds BK 1950. He stayed there until 1952. In Switzerland he finished tenth in the second division with FC Locarno in 1953–54. In 1956–57 he was with the Swedish second division club Åtvidabergs FF. From 1960 to 1961, he managed the newly promoted Oberliga South team SSV Jahn Regensburg.

From 1961 to 1963, Durspekt looked after the Greek first division club PAOK in Thessaloniki, with whom he finished sixth and then fourth the following season. In 1964–65 he trained in the Austrian state league for the first time. In between the two contracts with GAK he coached SV Rapid Lienz in the Carinthian regional league in 1966–67. In the first half of 1970 he coached IK Start in Kristiansand, Norway. In 1975 he managed Bodens BK.

Grey alien

Gray aliens, or just Grays, are a type of alien in Popular culture. They have big, black, almond-shaped eyes and gray skin that gives them their name. They appear in stories told by people who say they actually met aliens, as well as Science fiction. The emoji 👽 (or U+1F47D in Unicode) is usually rendered as a gray alien.

Cotacachi

Cotacachi is a town that is the seat of Cotacachi Canton, Imbabura Province, Ecuador, in South America. Cotacachi is located at an altitude of and had a population of 8,848 in 2010.

Pseudophilautus pleurotaenia

The side-striped shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus pleurotaenia") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it about 684 meters above sea level.

Microsoft Expression Web

Microsoft Expression Web is a HTML editor and a web design software product. It was first released by Microsoft in 2006. Microsoft no longer supports it. The product was discontinued on December 20, 2012. It is now free to use. The product was a part of Expression Studio.

Expression Web can create webpages using HTML5, CSS 3, ASP.NET, PHP, JavaScript, XML+XSLT and XHTML. Expression Web 4 needs .NET Framework 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0 to run.

Santiago Calatrava

Santiago Calatrava Valls (born 28 July 1951) is a Spanish architect, structural engineer, sculptor and painter. He is known for his bridges, railway stations, stadiums, and museums. 

His best-known works include the Olympic Sports Complex of Athens, the Milwaukee Art Museum, the Turning Torso tower in Malmö, Sweden, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub in New York City, the Auditorio de Tenerife in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge in Dallas, Texas, and his largest project, the City of Arts and Sciences and Opera House in Valencia.


Horror fiction

Horror fiction or just horror is fiction that is meant to frighten the reader. There are many different kinds of horror. Some of it deals with the Supernatural, like ghosts and monsters, while other kinds are about scary things in the real world like serial killers.

Hylodes otavioi

The Otavio tree toad or Otavio's stream frog ("Hylodes otavioi") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Serra do Cipó.

Sante Spigarelli

Sante Spigarelli is an Italian archer. He was born on 31 October 1943. Spigarelli competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Maria Testa

Maria Testa was an Italian archer. She was born on 5 February 1956 and died on 13 September 2009. Testa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Jessica Tomasi

Jessica Tomasi is an Italian archer. She was born on 3 July 1986. Tomasi competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Jessica Tomasi started archery in 1996. She entered her first international competitions in 2000. Her first global podium came in 2011 when she won the gold in the women's classic archery team event.

Human Touch

Human Touch is the ninth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 31 March, 1992 along with its follow-up "Lucky Town" through Columbia Records. It topped the album charts in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Sweden, Spain, Italy, Norway and Austria and made number 2 in both the United States and Canada.

All music and lyrics by Bruce Springsteen, except where noted
Springsteen's first album without the E Street Band featured numerous outtakes, many of which have been released. A cover of "Viva Las Vegas" was released as a B-side and on "The Essential Bruce Springsteen", "Chicken Lips and Lizard Hips" was released on a children's album, and "30 Days Out" was also a B-side. "Part Man, Part Monkey", a track originally recorded during the "Tunnel of Love" session and performed on that tour, was re-recorded and released as a B-side and on "Tracks" along with other outtakes such as "Trouble In Paradise", "Sad Eyes", "Leavin' Train", "Seven Angels", "My Lover Man", "When the Lights Go Out", "Over the Rise", "Goin' Cali" and "Loose Change". "Trouble River" was released on "18 Tracks". Springsteen also recorded "Red-Headed Woman", a tribute to his wife Patti Scialfa and a song performed often, eventually released as a live version on the "MTV Unplugged" album, "Secret Garden", which would later get re-worked with the reunited E Street Band in 1995 for "Greatest Hits", and "All the Way Home", a song Springsteen gave to Southside Johnny and one that Springsteen would not release until 2005's "Devils & Dust".


Ramón Freire

Ramón Freire Serrano (November 29, 1787 – December 9, 1851) was a Chilean political figure. He was head of state on several occasions, and enjoyed a numerous following until the War of the Confederation. Ramón Freire was one of the principal leaders of the liberal "Pipiolo" movement. He has been praised by historian Gabriel Salazaras the most democratic leader of the early republican period in Chile.

Mateo de Toro Zambrano

Mateo de Toro Zambrano y Ureta, I Count of La Conquista (September 20, 1727 - February 26, 1811), was a Spanish military and political figure of Criollo descent. He held the position of a knight in the Order of Santiago and was the lord of the Toro-Zambrano estate. He was also the President of Chile.

Juan Martínez de Rozas

Juan Martínez de Rozas Correa (December 28, 1758 – May 16, 1813) was a Chilean lawyer and politician, he was also the first leader in the Chilean fight for independence.

Braulio Carrillo Colina

Braulio Evaristo Carrillo Colina (March 20, 1800, Cartago, Costa Rica – May 15, 1845) was the Head of State of Costa Rica. That is the title for the President of Costa Rica before the reform of 1848. He was the Head of State two times. The first was between 1835 and 1837. The other between 1838 and 1842.

Manuel Aguilar Chacón

Manuel Aguilar Chacón (12 August 1797, San José, Costa Rica – 7 July 1846) was head of state of Costa Rica from April 1837 to March 1838.

José Bernardo de Tagle

José Bernardo de Tagle y Portocarrero, 4th Marquis of Torre Tagle (21 March 1779 – 26 September 1825), was a Peruvian soldier and politician who served as the Interim President of Peru in 1823 as well as the second President of Peru from 1823 to 1824.

José de la Riva Agüero

José Mariano de la Cruz de la Riva Agüero y Sánchez Boquete, Marquess of Montealegre de Aulestia (3 May 1783 – 21 May 1858) was a soldier, politician, and historian who served as the 1st President of Peru and 2nd President of North Peru. He was the first Head of State who had the title of President of the Republic.

Agustín Gamarra

Agustín Gamarra Messia (27 August 1785 – 18 November 1841) was a Peruvian soldier and politician, who served as the 4th and 6th President of Peru.

Luis José de Orbegoso

Luis José de Orbegoso y Moncada-Galindo, de Burutarán y Morales (August 25, 1795 – February 5, 1847), was an aristocratic Peruvian soldier and politician, who served as the 5th President of Peru as well as the first President of North Peru. This was a time of profound social instability and continuing civil war.

Wulin (disambiguation)

Wulin is the ancient name and chiefly literary or poetic synonym of Hangzhou, China.

Wulin may also refer to:


Morality and religion

Religion and morality are not the same thing. There is often a link between morality and religion but this is not always true. The religion of a person will often affect the moral values of that person. Most religions have ideas as to what is right or wrong, or how a person should behave in a given situation. Most civilizations also have a moral code that that group of people find acceptable. These two codes are not always the same. Religion are often built around on morality. They will often develop alongside morality, but morality does not always depend upon religion. People who do not follow a religion also have moral values. In some cases, political leaders say what people should see as right or wrong. Philosophical frameworks such as consequentialism, freethought, utilitarianism and humanism also have a moral component. None of these are influenced by religion. 

High Hopes (Tim Scott McConnell song)

"High Hopes" is a song written by songwriter Tim Scott McConnell and recorded by Bruce Springsteen and E Street Band. It was taken from his EP "Blood Brothers (EP)". It was originally recorded by Tim Scott McConnell in 1985.

In November 2013, Springsteen released a new recording of the single and used it as the title track to his 18th studio album "High Hopes". It went to number 15 on the Billboard Adult Alternative Songs chart.

Amna Abdullatif

Amna Abdullatif is a member of Manchester City Council representing the Ardwick ward since 2019. She works as a community psychologist in voluntary organisations. She was elected as a Labour councillor. She is the the first Arab Muslim woman councillor in the city. She resigned from the party in October 2023 as a protest against what she said were "horrifying comments" by Keir Starmer about the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. She said he showed a "lack of humanity" to Palestinians.

In 2021 she organised a petition to ban racists from football games. It got three quarters of a million signatures in 24 hours. After UEFA Euro 2020 racist social media posts were made at footballers Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Bukayo Saka.

She set up The Three Hijabis as an anti-racist platform with two other British Muslim women football fans who wear the hijab, Shaista Aziz and Huda Jawad.

In 2016 she was given an award by the Remembering Srebrenica organisation.

No Secrets (song)

"No Secrets" is a 1980 song by Australian rock band The Angels. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Dark Room" and went to number 8 in Australia.

Epic Records ES 417

2005–06 A1 Grand Prix season

The 2005-2006 A1 GP season is the first season of the A1 GP championship. It began on 25 September 2005 and ended on 2 April 2006.

The 2005-2006 A1 Grand Prix season has 11 race. Each race ran unrolled a three-day weekend. This included a practice session on Friday another one on Saturday follow up a qualifying session. On Sunday, there are two races.

26 teams, each representing a different country, signed up for the first A1 Grand Prix season. Here is the list of participants for the 2005-2006 A1GP season:



Disfranchisement

Disenfranchisement, disfranchisement or voter disqualification is removing the right to vote from people, This means that people, who would normally have the right to vote, or to be elected in the place where they live, cannot do that. 

There are different reasons, why this is done. Common ones are:


Pseudophilautus stictomerus

The orange-canthal shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus stictomerus") is a frog. It lives in southwestern Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 60 and 515 meters above sea level.

Roelof van der Merwe

Roelof Erasmus van der Merwe is a Dutch-South African International cricketer who has played for both South Africa and the Netherlands internationally. He was born on 31 December 1984 in Johannesburg, Transvaal.

He played 13 ODI and Twenty20 International cricket for South Africa between 2009 and 2011. In June 2015, van der Merwe got the Netherlands passport and he immediately made himself available for Netherlands cricket team and was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2015 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in July.
In the 2023 Cricket World Cup, he played an important role in Netherlands win over South Africa by scoring 29 runs off 19 balls and taking two wickets for 34 runs in his nine overs.


Université de Montréal

The Université de Montréal (UdeM; French pronunciation: [ynivɛʁsite də mɔ̃ʁeal]; translates to University of Montreal) is a French-language public research university in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The university's main campus is located in the Côte-des-Neiges neighborhood of Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce on Mount Royal near the Outremont Summit (also called Mount Murray), in the borough of Outremont. There are thirteen faculties, more than sixty departments and two affiliated schools: the Polytechnique Montréal (School of Engineering; formerly the École polytechnique de Montréal) and HEC Montréal (School of Business). It offers more than 650 undergraduate programmes and graduate programmes, including 71 doctoral programmes.

The university was founded as part of the Université Laval in 1878. It became an independent institution after it was issued a papal charter in 1919 and a provincial charter in 1920. Université de Montréal moved from Montreal's Quartier Latin to its present location at Mount Royal in 1942. It was made a secular institution with the passing of another provincial charter in 1967.

It is co-educational, and has 34,335 undergraduate and 11,925 post-graduate students (excluding affiliated schools). 

University of Alberta

The University of Alberta is a public research university in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was started in 1908 by Alexander Cameron Rutherford, the first premier of Alberta, and Henry Marshall Tory, the university's first president.

There are four campuses in Edmonton, an Augustana Campus in Camrose, and a staff centre in downtown Calgary. There are 39,000 students. It has 18 faculties.

Fernando Márquez de la Plata

Fernando Márquez de la Plata y Orozco (30 August 1740 – 17 December 1818) was a Spanish colonial functionary, and a member of the First Government Junta of Chile.he is president of Chile.

Juan Antonio Ovalle

Juan Antonio Ovalle y Morales (c. 1750 – July 12, 1819) was a Chilean politician, lawyer and landowner. He served as the first president of the First National Congress of Chile where he was elected as deputy for Santiago.

Vardavar

Vardavar is a festival in Armenia where people throw water at each other. It is celebrated 98 days (14 weeks) after Easter.

The celebrations related to the religious observance of were initially called "Vartavar" because Armenians used to offer her roses as a symbol of celebration. The word "vart" means "rose" in Armenian, and "var" means "rise". The event was traditionally celebrated during the harvest season.

List of U.S. state and territory abbreviations

Several sets of codes and abbreviations are used to represent the political divisions of the United States for addresses, data processing, general abbreviations, and other purposes.

This table has abbreviations for three independent countries related to the United States through Compacts of Free Association, and other comparable postal abbreviations, including those not used anymore.

As early as October 1831, the United States Post Office recognized common abbreviations for states and territories. However, they accepted these abbreviations only because of their popularity, recommending that people spell names out fully to avoid confusion.

The traditional abbreviations for U.S. states and territories, widely used in mailing addresses before the start of two-letter U.S. postal abbreviations, are still regularly used for other purposes (such as legal citation), and are still recognized (though discouraged) by the Postal Service.

Modern two-letter abbreviated codes for the states and territories began in October 1963, with the issuance of "Publication 59: Abbreviations for Use with ZIP Code", three months after the Post Office introduced ZIP codes in July 1963. The purpose was to make room in a line of no more than 23 characters for the city, state, and the ZIP code.

After 1963, only one state abbreviation has changed. Originally Nebraska was "NB"; but, in November 1969, the Post Office changed it to "NE" to avoid confusion with New Brunswick in Canada.
Prior to 1987, when the U.S. Secretary of Commerce allowed the two-letter codes for use in government items, the United States Government Printing Office (GPO) suggested its own set of abbreviations, with some states left unabbreviated. Today, the GPO supports United States Postal Service standard.

Legal citation manuals, such as "The Bluebook" and "The ALWD Citation Manual", usually use the "traditional abbreviations" or other abbreviations.

The American National Standards Institute (ANSI) established ordered by letter and ordered by number codes for each state and outlying areas in ANSI standard INCITS 38:2009. ANSI standard INCITS 38:2009 replaced the Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) standards FIPS 5-2, FIPS 6-4, and FIPS 10-4. The ANSI ordered by letter state code is the same as the USPS state code except for U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, which have an ANSI code "UM" but no USPS code—and U.S. Military Mail locations, which have USPS codes ("AA", "AE", "AP") but no ANSI code.

The United States Postal Service (USPS) has made a set of uppercase abbreviations to help process mail with optical character recognition and other automated equipment. There are also official USPS abbreviations for other parts of the address, such as street designators (street, avenue, road, etc.).

These two-letter codes are different from traditional abbreviations such as Calif., Fla., or Tex. The Associated Press Stylebook says that in situations other than mailing addresses, the traditional state abbreviations should be used. However, the Chicago Manual of Style now recommends the use of the uppercase two-letter abbreviations, with the traditional forms as an option.

The postal abbreviation is the same as the for each of the fifty states.

These codes do not overlap with the 13 Canadian subnational postal abbreviations. The code for Nebraska changed from NB to NE in November 1969 to avoid a conflict with New Brunswick. Canada likewise chose MB for Manitoba to prevent conflict with either Massachusetts (MA), Michigan (MI), Minnesota (MN), Missouri (MO), or Montana (MT).

The U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) uses a set of two-letter prefixes for vessel numbers; 39 states and the District of Columbia have the same USPS and USCG abbreviations. USCG prefixes have also been made for five outlying territories; all are the same as the USPS abbreviations except the Mariana Islands. The twelve cases where USPS and USCG abbreviations are different are listed below and marked in bold red in the table above; they include three inland states with a small Coast Guard group. These twelve abbreviations were changed to avoid conflicting with the ISO 3166 two-digit country codes.



Blockade of the Gaza Strip (2023)

The Blockade of the Gaza Strip (2023) was the blockade of Gaza, which involved the operations carried out during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war by Israel in order to restrict supplies such as food, water, and medicine. Fuel and electricity were also restricted by Israel. The Israeli Energy Minister, Israel Katz stated that the lifting and end of the blockade would not occur until hostages, who were captured by Hamas, are released and are safely returned to their country.

The blockade of Gaza was undertaken by Israel, in response to the Hamas offensive against Israel. The blockade began in the Gaza Strip on 9 October 2023. Even though the blockade was lifted after couple of weeks, it resulted in a serious humanitarian crisis.


Gaza–Israel conflict

The Gaza-Israel conflict is a long running dispute between the Gaza Strip "(a Palestinian territory)" and Israel. It revolves around political, territorial and security matters, and it has resulted in violence, wars, genocide and ongoing tensions. Key issues include border disputes, control of resources and the political self-determination of Palestinians in Gaza. 

An important background to note in this conflict is the Gaza blockade which is imposed by Israel and Egypt after Hamas took control of Gaza in 2007 following the Fatah–Hamas conflict. The blockade restricts the movement of people and goods in and out of Gaza, impacting the daily lives of its residents. International efforts tries to find a peaceful resolution, but this remains a complex and unresolved issue. 

Human Rights Watch have described the Gaza Strip, which has been under an Israeli blockade since 2007, as an "open-air prison". 

Juan Enrique Rosales

Juan Enrique Rosales Fuentes was a prominent Chilean politician, a member of an important Patricia family of his time, son of Jerónimo de Rosales and Margarita de Fuentes y Solar. He is the President of Chile.

Ben Nicholson

Benjamim "Ben" Nicholson, (10 April 1894 – 6 February 1982) was an English painter. He became famous for his abstract paintings, sometimes in low relief, landscapes, and still lives. A leading name in British art of the 20th century, his second wife was the sculptor Barbara Hepworth.

Elena Tonetta

Elena Tonetta is an Italian archer. She was born on 8 June 1988. Tonetta competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Gernot Messner

Gernot Messner (10 October 1980 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player in the position of a midfielder. He is the manager of Grazer AK.
Messner began his career at SV Spittal/Drau. At the age of 20, he moved to SK Rapid Wien. There he didn't get beyond the reserve role . After half a season he moved to SV Austria Salzburg. There he became a regular player, but was often set back by injuries. He made his league debut on 21September 2002 in the game against FC Admira Wacker Mödling.

Due to the takeover from Red Bull to FC Red Bull Salzburg, he was no longer planned and so he moved to FC Kärnten, where he played for two years. Since 2007 he played for Wolfsberger AC . 2009 they were promoted to the Bundesliga. He spent another season in the Bundesliga . Then he played for the club's amateurs from the 2013/14 season on. In January 2017 he moved to SK St. Andrä. There he ended his playing career after the 2016/17 season.
From the 2013/14 season, Messner acted as a playing assistant coach for the Wolfsberger amateurs. For the 2015/16 season he took over as head coach at fifth-class SK St. Andrä. After two seasons in St. Andrä, he returned to the WAC for the 2017/18 season. There he became head coach of the U-18s in the academy. In August 2018 he was promoted to head of the academy. In the second half of the 2018/19 season he also coached the U-18s again.

In December 2021 Messner left Wolfsberg and became coach of the second division team Grazer AK.

Yoshiko Akiyama

Yoshiko Akiyama is a Japanese archer. She was born on 10 December 1949. Akiyama competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Mayumi Asano

Mayumi Asano is a Japanese archer. She was born on 27 June 1976. Asano competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.


Bombay cat

The Bombay cat is a breed of cat. It is one of the most common cats in Europe.

Bombay cat was developed by Nikki Horner in 1958 in Louisville, Kentucky, USA. This breed was developed to resemble a black panther. The breed was created by crossing Burmese with American Shorthair.

Bombay cat has gold or copper eyes and black fur. It looks a lot like Burmese. It has a medium build and is muscular. It weighs between 2.5 and 5.4 kilograms, with males usually being heavier than females.

Brazilian Shorthair

The Brazilian Shorthair is a breed of cat. This cat breed was first developed in 1980.

Brazilian Shorthair is a medium-sized cat that weighs about 22 pounds (9.9 kg). It is 10 pounds (4.5 kg) heavier than the average weight of other cat breeds. The cat is elegant in appearance and has a slender body.

The fur is glossy, silky and soft. It is short, so it does not require frequent combing. The coat consists of all patterns in black, tabby, white tabby.

Brazilian Shorthairs are active, affectionate and playful. They are also a very lively cat.


Cullen Gilchrist

Cullen Gilchrist is the Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Union Kitchen.

Cullen went to Dartmouth high school. He later joined Dartmouth College and graduated with a degree in Economics and Sociology. He started his career as an intern in finance. He later switched to food business. Cullen moved to Washington D.C. and worked at Think Food Group as a manager. In 2012, he co-founded Blind Dog Cafe.
Cullen co-founded Union Kitchen in 2012 to incubate new food businesses in Washington D.C. The company established an incubation process called accelerator program. The program had four phases namely Launch, Product Market Fit, Growth, and Scale.The company introduced a $20M Series A investment fund called the Union Kitchen Fund.


Zooropa (song)

"Zooropa" is a 1993 song by Irish rock band U2. It is the title track and the opening track to their eighth studio album "Zooropa". Promotional recordings of the song were released in both the United States and Mexico and the art cover features the European Union flag.

Only Women Bleed

"Only Women Bleed" is a 1975 song by Alice Cooper and is the second single from his studio album "Welcome to My Nightmare". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 21 in New Zealand, number 1 in Canada and number 50 in Australia. It was covered by Julie Covington in 1977 and went to number 12 in the United Kingdom.

Bullet Club

The current leader of Bullet Club is David Finlay. Over their years of existence, Bullet Club has had many different members join the group and leave. Former leaders of Bullet Club were Prince Devitt, A.J. Styles, Kenny Omega, and Jay White. They all portray a group of heel gaijin (evil foreigners). A branch called Bullet Club Gold with Jay White, Austin Gunn, Colten Gunn, Juice Robinson wrestle in All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Finn Balor was wrestling in a tag team with Ryusuke Taguchi called Apollo 55. After losing a match to Hiroshi Tanahashi, Devitt would start to change his personality and become more disrespectful.

He would try to get Taguchi on his side but Taguchi refused. At Invasion Attack, Devitt and Taguchi would face the Time Splitters (Alex Shelley and Kushida) for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships but lost. Devitt would attack Taguchi after the match and end Apollo 55. King Fale ran down to the ring and joined in on the beatdown. Devitt would call himself the Real Rock 'n' Rolla and renamed Fale as "The Underboss" Bad Luck Fale.
At Wrestling Dontaku 2013, Tanahashi would defeat Karl Anderson. After the match, Devitt and Fale ran out and attacked Tanahashi. Anderson and his partner Tama Tonga would join in on the beatdown and join the other two. They would announce after the match that their new group would be called "Bullet Club".

Devitt would enter the 2013 Best of the Super Juniors. He would sweep his block and make it all the way to finals, defeating Kenny Omega and finally Alex Shelley in the finals to win.

At Kizuna Road 2013, Tonga and Terrible would lose their CMLL World Tag Team Championships to Tanahashi and Jyushin Thunder Liger. On the same show, Devitt would successfully defend his IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship against Gedo and earned a shot at Kazuchika Okada's IWGP Heavyweight Championship.

At the 2013 G1 Climax, Devitt and Anderson would both join the tournament. Devitt would lose in his block and Anderson would be eliminated by Tetsuya Naito. Members of Bullet Club would interfere in many of the matches during the tournament.

During the 2013 Super Junior Tag League, The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson) would join Bullet Club. They would win the tournament and go on to defeat Suzuki-gun (Taichi and Taka Michinoku) to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships at Power Struggle.

Anderson and the debuting Doc Gallows would win the 2013 World Tag League on December 8. At Wrestle Kingdom 8, Anderson and Gallows would defeat K.E.S. (Davey Boy Smith Jr. and Lance Archer) to become the new the IWGP Tag Team Champions. Also during the event, Devitt would lose his IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship to Kota Ibushi.

Devitt would lose a Loser Leaves Town match to his former Apollo 55 partner Taguchi at Invasion Attack. During the match, the Bucks would turn on Devitt and attack him after he told them multiple times not to interfere in the match. Devitt would leave New Japan Pro-Wrestling after his loss.

Below are the current and former members of Bullet Club and the timeline of the group along with the multiple sub-groups:

Milad Salehpour

Milad Salehpour (born on January 3, 1991 in Tehran) is a Television presenter from Iran.

Milad Salehpour is the host of Khush Namak on IRIB Nasim. 


Ohi Day

Ohi Day (or Oxi Day) is a day that people in Greece celebrate on 28 October (the actual date of it being 28 October 1940).

This is an event where people in Greece fought the Italians (the axis forces) during World War II over Greek land. On this day, an Italian messenger had come up to Ioannis Metaxas and proclaimed to him that if he did not give the Italians their land, there would be trouble. Metaxas, still in his pyjamas, formerly replied in French, "There will be war."

Men from all around Greece happily marched off to war, and eventually won the battle, the Italians having underestimated them. And that is Oxi Day.

Why Not Me (The Judds song)

"Why Not Me" is a 1984 song by country artists The Judds and is the title track to their debut studio album "Why Not Me". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

I Need to Know (Marc Anthony song)

"I Need to Know" is a 1999 song by Latin singer Marc Anthony and is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Marc Anthony". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 20 in New Zealand and Australia, number 1 in Poland, number 5 in Canada, number 8 in Finland and number 18 in the Netherlands. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.

J1407b

J1407b is an exoplanet with a ring system 200x bigger than the rings of Saturn. It is also known as a "Super Saturn".

It is a gas giant, theoretically consisting of hydrogen and helium, like Saturn. The distance is 433.8 light years from earth, and it's an incredibly young planet as young as 16.01 million years.

It was spotted by an astronomer in 2012 named Eric Mamajek. J1407b is located in the constellation of Centaurus. 

The Tour of Life

The Tour of Life (or Kate Bush Tour) was the only concert tour by English singer Kate Bush. The tour was made for her first two albums, "The Kick Inside" and "Lionheart". It happened in April and May 1979. It was the first concert ever to use a wireless headset microphone. The device was invented by Gordon Paterson so Bush could dance on stage. The tour's lighting worker, Bill Duffield, died after the first concert because he fell from a stage and seating structure.


These are the people listed in the Kate Bush Tour programme sold at the concerts.

Performers


Production


Audiovisuals


Tour management


Christian Parker

Christian Parker (born 9 July 1968) is an American musician, songwriter, record artist and guitarist. He creates music in the genres of folk, country rock, and cosmic American. His songs explore various topics, including challenges, achievements, and the relationships between people. He is also a member of the band , based in 

Parker was born on 9 July 1968, and grew up in , New York, near the Canadian border. He developed a passion for music at a young age and became skilled at playing the guitar and writing songs while in school. At 12 years old, he started taking guitar lessons. 

In 1986, at the age of 17, Parker released his first album, "Reflections of Tomorrow". Four years later, in 1990, he worked with Peter Pendras, the guitarist of the country band , to release his second album, "Through The Darkness". In 2007, Parker worked with musician Barb Heller to release his fourth album, "Now & Then".

In 2022, he released "Every Passing Mile" in collaboration with musician under SubCat Records. The album consisted of 13 songs, most of which were written by Parker. It also included the opening track "Cast a Line", which he co-wrote with Peter Pendras during the initial period of the COVID-19 lockdown. That same year, Parker released his sixth album, "Best Kept Secret", which featured previously unreleased material spanning two decades.

In 2023, he released his seventh album, "Sweethearts: A Tribute To The Byrds 'Sweetheart of the Rodeo'". This album showcased Parker's modern country interpretations of all 11 tracks from the original 1968 by the American folk rock band The Byrds. In addition to the original songs, Parker included three more tracks on the album: "I Still Miss Something" by Johnny Cash, "Satisfied Mind" by Joe Hayes and , and "Drugstore Truck Driving Man" by and .

Parker said that the album is "our tribute to the 1968 classic". Notably, , who played on the original 1968 album, is also featured as a co-artist on this rendition. Furthermore, Ball and Parker collaborated as producers for the record. Another notable contributor to the 2023 "Sweethearts" album is , who also participated in the original 1968 recording. The album's production began in May 2022 and continued in the fall, with additional musicians joining the recording in January 2023.

The second volume of the Byrds tribute album, titled "Change is Now", is set to be released in early 2024.

Snake (video game)

Snake is a type of action video game where the player controls a growing line that looks like a snake. The goal is to avoid hitting obstacles and the snake's own body as it gets longer. This game originated in 1976 as a two-player arcade game called "Blockade". The objective was to survive longer than the other player. Later, a single-player version was created where the snake grows longer by eating food like apples or eggs. Snake games are popular because they are simple and don't require advanced technology. 

There are many versions of snake games available for different platforms, some with "snake" or "worm" in the title. The popularity of snake games increased when a version called "Snake" was preloaded on Nokia mobile phones in 1998, reaching a larger audience.

1974 Ellice Islands self-determination referendum

A referendum on splitting from the Gilbert Islands was held in the Ellice Islands (which were together as the Gilbert and Ellice Islands at the time) between July and September 1974. It started in July in Tarawa in the Gilbert Islands before being taken to every person who lived in the Ellice Islands.

The result was 93% of voters deciding to split the colony, with a voter turnout of 88%. In October 1975, the islands were officially split into two colonies. Four years after the referendum, the islands became the country of Tuvalu, while the Gilbert Islands became Kiribati.

The 8 representatives of the Ellice Islands were concerned about the Gilbert Islands being the more powerful part of the territory. They had an inquiry held by the British representative Leslie Monson. The British government let them have the referendum.

Before the referendum, the British government said that if the colony split, the Ellice Islands would not get any of the Gilberts' phosphate revenues from Ocean Island and that the assets of the GEIC outside the Ellice Islands would be owned by the Gilbert Islands. However, all prominent Ellice Islands politicians except Isakala Paeniu still wanted to split.

The referendum had two options:

Syracuse Area Music Awards

The Syracuse Area Music Awards is an annual event in the Syracuse area. The first awards were organized by Frank Malfitano in 1993.


Trndez

Trndez, also known as Tyarnndarach and Candlemas Day, is a special event in the Armenian Apostolic Church and Armenian Catholic Churches. It takes place 40 days after the birth of Jesus. The two churches celebrate Trndez on different days, either on the 13th of February (with celebrations on the eve of the 14th) or on the 2nd of February.

Trndez has its roots in Zoroastrian traditions and was originally associated with sun and fire worship in ancient Armenia before the arrival of Christianity. It symbolized the arrival of spring and fertility. After the adoption of Christianity, the holiday took on a new meaning, representing eternal and strong love. It is believed that if a couple jumps over a bonfire while holding hands, their love and bond will last forever. Another belief is that jumping over the bonfire can cure illnesses and purify sinners. Some also think that an infertile woman can become fertile by jumping over the bonfire.

Although Trndez has its origins in Hellenistic culture, it has evolved into a Christian holiday over time. The alternative name, Tyarnndarach, translates to "towards the God" in Armenian. Even today, Trndez is widely celebrated by Armenians and the Armenian Apostolic Church.

Academic dress

Academic dress is the form of robes and headdress worn by graduates or students of a university. Some universities require all students in an undergraduate degree to wear short black robes to classes such as University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge which has their students wearing a less formal robe whilst on campus. Most academic dress is only worn at graduation ceremonies or formal occasions not everyday. There are different types of dress for different types of degrees with the doctoral degree using the most elaborate and formal type of dress. Academic dress was first worn at the old universities of Oxford and Cambrdige but is now worn by most universities around the World. The colour of the robe and/or sash of the robes indicate which degree and in what subject the wearing is graduating in. Academic dress almost always includes a type of headdress commonly called a mortar board. 

Michele Megale

Michele Megale (7 January 1930 Nicosia - 15 June 2021 Trapani ) was an Italian politician. He was mayor of Trapani. He joined the National Monarchist Party . He became a municipal councilor in Trapani for the PNM in the 1950s. In 1957, he moved to the Liberal Party. He was also a municipal councilor. In 1968, he joined the Christian Democrats . In December 1980, as a councilor, he was indicted by judge Giangiacomo Ciaccio Montalto , but was acquitted. Several times municipal councilor, he was elected mayor of Trapani on 10 October 1991. In 1993, he received Pope John Paul II on a pastoral visit to the city. He remained municipal councilor, until June 1994. He was president of the Luglio Musicale Trapanese, of the municipalized urban transport system (SAU) and of the Giulio Pastore Study Center. He published several brochures on contemporary Trapani history 

Destiny (singer)

Destiny Chukunyere (born 29 August 2002), known mononymously as Destiny, is a Maltese-Nigerian singer. She has competed in various competitions. 

She won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 representing Malta. She was a contestant on "Britain's Got Talent" 2017 and in 2020 she won "The X Factor Malta". Destiny represented Malta at the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with the song "Je me casse". She came in seventh place.

Sylva Åkesson

Sylva Åkesson (also known as "Sylva Elisabet Göta Perne" 18 September 1916 in Hålabäck, Vinslövs - 26 May 2021 in Kungsholmen)  was a Swedish actor.

Sylva Åkesson was the daughter of Betty Johansson (1887–1975) and was named Åkesson when the mother was married to Anton Åkesson in 1919–1939. 

She first worked as a mannequin and was engaged by the Casino Theater in 1938, performing operettas and revues before retiring from the stage in the early 1950s. She made her film debut in 1944 in Benkt-Åke Benktsson's film "Skåningar" .

From 1950 she was married to the composer and lyricist Nils Perne (1905–1965). She changed her first name Svea to Sylva in 1983. They are buried at the Norra burial ground outside Stockholm. 


Ariel Barria Alvarado

Ariel Barria Alvarado (1959 - 2021) was a writer, teacher, and Panamanian culture manager. He won the Ricardo Miró National Literature Contest five times.

He graduated from University of Panama, and Universidad Santa María La Antigua. He taught at Santa María La Antigua University.



Iru

Irina Khechanovi (born 3 December 2000), known by her stage name Iru, is a Georgian singer. She was a member of the girlband Candy, who won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011.

Iru later represented Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Echo". She placed 12th in the second semi-final and did not qualify for the final.

Patrick McHenry

Patrick Timothy McHenry (born October 22, 1975) is an American politician. He became the U.S. representative for in 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party. McHenry became Speaker "pro tempore" of the United States House of Representatives in October 3, 2023, after the removal of Kevin McCarthy from the role.

McHenry was a House Republican chief deputy whip from 2014 to 2019, ranking member of the House Financial Services Committee from 2019 to 2023, and chair of the House Financial Services Committee since 2023.

In December 2023, McHenry announced that he would not seek reelection in 2024.

Abdul Latif Rashid

Abdul Latif Rashid (; born 10 August 1944), also known as Latif Rashid () is an Iraqi Kurdish politician. He became the 9th President of Iraq in 2022. He defeated incumbent President Barham Salih in the 2022 presidential election. 

Education and Professional Career
Abdel Latif Rachid, born in 1944 in Souleimaniye, is of Kurdish origin. He's an active member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), led by former President Jalal Talabani, who is also his brother-in-law. Rachid studied in a British A-Levels high school in North Wales. He holds a Bachelor of Science in civil engineering from the University of Liverpool (1968) and earned a Master of Science (1972) and a Ph.D. (1976) in engineering from the University of Manchester.

Rachid is a certified engineer and a member of the Institution of Civil Engineering and the International Commission on Irrigation and Drainage (ICID). He worked as an independent consultant on irrigation and drainage projects and collaborated with the Water Engineering Administration.

He has been involved in various engineering, agricultural development, and Kurdish and Iraqi leadership programs and organizations. Previously, he worked as a senior project manager for the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (UNFAO) in Yemen and Saudi Arabia. Since 1986, he has served as the representative of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan in the United Kingdom and as the spokesperson for the Kurdistan Front.

He is married to Chanaz Ibrahim Ahmed and has two sons and a daughter.

In 1992, Rachid was elected Vice President and an executive member of the Iraqi National Congress (INC), and in 1998, he was elected to the INC's board.
As the Minister of Water Resources from September 2003 to December 2010, Rachid managed various portfolios, including irrigation, municipal and industrial water supply, hydroelectricity, flood control, environmental requirements, and marshland restoration. After the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's regime in April 2004, the Minister oversaw significant improvements in the country's water resource management.
In addition to his technical qualifications and commitments, Rachid actively participated in Kurdish and Iraqi politics. He attended numerous conferences and official meetings on behalf of Kurdish political parties and Iraqi opposition groups under Saddam Hussein's regimes. Rachid also represented Kurdish politics and Iraqi opposition groups in official meetings with various international institutions and governments He served as a presidential adviser from 2010.

After several months of deadlock during the 2022 Iraqi presidential election, leading to the threat of early elections and clashes between Sadrists and the armed forces resulting in over thirty deaths in August, the crisis finally came to an end in October. The PDK agreed to support the compromise candidacy of Abdel Latif Rachid, a PUK member running as an independent with the support of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (PDK). This allowed the newly elected president to appoint a prime minister and finally establish a government after a year of waiting. Abdel Latif Rachid was elected in the second round, defeating the incumbent President Barham Saleh during the session held on October 13, 2022. A member of the PUK and closely associated with its founder Jalal Talabani, Abdel Latif Rachid had been a presidential advisor since 2010, following seven years as the head of the Water Management Ministry. At the age of 78, his extensive experience in Iraqi politics and his ability to maintain good relations with politicians from both the Shiite and Sunni political communities garnered support from various factions.

He took the oath of office on October 17 and entrusted former Minister of Human Rights Mohammed Shia' Al Sudani with the task of forming a government.

Jazmin Bean

Jazmin Bean (born February 7, 2003) is an English singer-songwriter and makeup artist. They first got popular online for their makeup and non-binary gender expression. They released their first extended play "Worldwide Torture" in 2019. They signed to Interscope and Island Records in 2020. Their debut album "Traumatic Livelihood" will be released in 2024.

Jazmin Bean was born on February 7, 2003, in London. Both of their parents are musicians. Their father is Ginger Wildheart and their mother is Angie Adams. They have Filipino ancestry.

Bean has Autism. They are agender and use they/them pronouns. They sometimes wear a chest binder. In 2022, Bean spent some time in a rehab clinic for a ketamine addiction.





Flying Fish Cove

Flying Fish Cove (, ) is the capital city of Australia's Christmas Island. It was originally named after British survey-ship "Flying-Fish", but many maps call it "The Settlement". It was established in 1888, and was the first British settlement on the island.

About a third of the territory's total population of 1,600 lives in Flying Fish Cove. The town is near the north-eastern tip of the island. There is a small harbour which serves tourists with yachts. It is possible to go diving at the settlement's beach.

Goodnight My Love (1956 song)

"Goodnight My Love" is a song written by George Motola and John Marascalco in 1956.

The song was originally recorded by Jesse Belvin and released in 1956. Some people say that American R&B singer-songwriter Barry White - who would have been 11 years old at the time - played piano on the song.
However, in an interview in 1995 White denied this.

The Jesse Belvin version of the song reached number seven on the US "Billboard" R&B chart in 1956.
The McGuire Sisters cover, also released in 1956, reached #32 on "Billboard's" pop chart.

The Paul Anka 1968 cover reached number twentyseven on the "Billboard" singles chart in a 10-week chart run in 1969. The single peaked at number eighteen on the "Record World" chart and #13 in Canada.


Look (American magazine)

Look was an American magazine pubilshed between 1937 and 1971. It was published every two weeks. It had an interest in photographs, and photojournalism. It was a direct competitor of "Life" (magazine), the market leader. Life began publishing a few months earlier, and stopped in 1972. Notable staff include Stanley Kubrick, who worked for Look before starting his career as a movie maker.

Barbara Hepworth

Barbara Hepworth (10 January 1903 – 20 May 1975) was an English sculptor. She is considered a leading name in modern sculpture. Hepworth was a member of the the colony of artists who lived in St Ives during the World War II. Her second husband was the painter Ben Nicholson.

Julia Boutros

Julia Boutros (Arabic: جوليا بطرس; born April 1, 1968) is a well known Lebanese singer. She is known for her nationalistic and patriotic songs. She is also known for her romantic songs that she releases rarely.

Julia was born on 1 April, 1968 in Beirut to a Lebanese father and a Armenian-Palestinian mother. She was the second child in her family. Her older brother Ziad Boutros is a composer and her younger sister Sophie Boutros is a director. At the age of 10, Julia used to sing at her school's music band as a Chorus singer until her talent was discovered by Fouad Fadel, a music teacher. She considered Fairuz as her idol.

Julia Boutros’s career began at the same time of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, which had a impact on her choosing a different path then what other new singers would have choosen as a new singer. She has started her career singing in French but then shifted to Lebanese dialect of Arabic considering her audience.

At the age of 12, her first song was released in French. It was a tune titled '"A Maman"'(A Mother). The song was dedicated to all mothers on Mother's day.

In 2006, she released a song “"Ahibbai"”("My Beloved Ones"), the song's lyrics were inspired from a speech that was given by Hassan Nasrallah, the Secretary-General of the Hezbollah to his soldiers during 2006 Israel–Hezbollah war. This song made her famous among the supporters of Hezbollah but at the same time also led to criticisms. The song was released after the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah war. The same year, she performed a series of patriotic songs in Lebanon, Syria, Qatar and UAE which resulted in gathering around three million US dollars, the amount was donated to the families of war victims and to the families of Hezbollah fighters and the Lebanese army who were killed.

She was honored by several Arab countries. She also received the “National Order of the Cedar”, which was awarded to her by the President of Lebanon for her effective role in the resistance movement.

Born to Be Blue (The Judds song)

"Born to Be Blue" is a 1990 song by country artists The Judds and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Love Can Build a Bridge". It went to number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 4 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

You Sang to Me

"You Sang to Me" is a 2000 song by Latin singer Marc Anthony and is the second single from his fourth studio album "Marc Anthony". It went to the top 10 in the United States, New Zealand, Belgium, the Netherlands, Austria and Norway and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2001.

CD Maxi-single

Reiko Fujita

Reiko Fujita is a Japanese archer. She was born on 2 July 1972. Fujita competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Terushi Furuhashi

Terushi Furuhashi is a Japanese archer. He was born on 6 February 1952. Furuhashi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Takaharu Furukawa

Takaharu Furukawa is an archer from Japan. He was born on 9 August 1984. Furukawa competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and 2020 Summer Olympics.

British Longhair

The British Longhair is a breed of cat. It originated in Great Britain.

British Longhair was created by crossing between British Shorthair and Persian cat. It has not been bred as an independent breed. Since many British Shorthair cats carry the mutation for longhair, it happened again and again that from two British Shorthair cats also longhair were born. These were the starting for the breeding of the British Longhair.

British Longhairs are prone to obesity if they are neutered or kept as an indoor-only cat.

Like most long-haired cats, they need to be brushed. In the fall and winter, the coat tangles easily because of the thicker integument.

They are at risk for hereditary polycystic kidney disease (PKD), especially autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD).


Edouard Sulpice

Édouard Sulpice is a French actor born in Chambéry in 1995. He studied at the CNSAD and began his film career by playing the role of Édouard in the film À l'abordage by Guillaume Brac.

Édouard studied at the National Higher Conservatory of Dramatic Art, where he graduated in 2020.
In 2020, he obtained his first film role, playing the character of Édouard in the film À l'abordage directed by Guillaume Brac.. The same year, he played the role of young Rabut (played by Jean-Pierre Darroussin) at the age of 20, in the film Des hommes, directed by Lucas Belvaux based on the novel of the same name by Laurent Mauvignier. In 2021, he played the role of Patrick in L'Évènement directed by Audrey Diwan. In 2022, he played the role of Anthony in the play Their children after them by Nicolas Mathieu. He is in the UBBA agency, located in Paris.


Des Hommes

Des Hommes is a Franco-Belgian film written and directed by Lucas Belvaux, released in 2020. It is the adaptation of the novel "Des hommes" by Laurent Mauvignier. The film, selected in the official competition at Cannes, received the 2020 Cannes Film Festival label.
They were sent to Algeria during the "events" in 1960. Two years later, Bernard, Rabut, Février, and others returned to France. They remained silent and lived their lives. But sometimes, it takes almost nothing, like a winter birthday or a small gift, for the past to suddenly come back into the lives of those who thought they could deny it, even forty years later.


Ernst Sabeditsch

Ernst Sabeditsch (6 May 1920 – 30 June 1986) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for First Vienna FC. He also played for the Austrian national football team. During the occupation of Austria by Nazi-Germany he played also one match for Germany.
With the annexation of Austria he was used for First Vienna FC in the Gauliga Ostmark. He and his team won the regional championship three times in a row from 1942 to 1944. Also in the German competitions they were sucessful. In 1942 he came second in the German championship with the Vienna and won the Tschammerpokal (Cup competition) in 1943 against LSV Hamburg. 

As a soldier, he and his unit were transferred to the General Government in the fall of 1943. As a guest player during the war, he was active for LSV Mölders Krakow. 

After the war Sabeditsch failed in the Cup-final on 20 June 1946, losing 2-1 to SK Rapid Vienna. His playing career came to a premature end after a ban for trading raw opium in divided post-war Vienna in 1949. He was pardoned in 1952 and played then ten league games for SC Wacker Wien.
Sabeditsch played 7 matches for the Austrian national football team. His first match was on 6 December 1945 versus France. His last match was on 5 October 1947 versus Czechoslowakia.
He worked as a coach at Linzer ASK from 1953 to 1955 and at the Swiss A national league team FC Schaffhausen in the 1956/57 season

Nathan Ambrosioni

Nathan Ambrosioni, born August 18, 1999 in Grasse in the Alpes-Maritimes, is a French director.

With several friends, Nathan Ambrosioni directed a first feature film, the independent horror film Hostile, then another entitled Therapy.
The general public discovered it in 2018 with the release of Les Drapeaux de papier, directed by Noémie Merlant and Guillaume Gouix : the film traces the difficult relationships between a man just released from prison and his young sister.
Although he had no contacts or professional experience in cinema when he began directing the film, Nathan Ambrosioni became the youngest director to benefit from the advance on receipts.
“Nathan Ambrosioni: journey of a gifted child”, wrote Première magazine when the film was released in 2019, for which he wrote the screenplay at the age of 16.
In 2022, he began filming his second feature film, Toni, en famille, performed in particular by Camille Cottin, released in France on September 6, 2023 and which won the best film prize at the Festival du Film de Demain.
In 2023, he was announced as a member of the jury for the sixth edition of the Dinan Film Courts Festival, from November 15 to 19, 2023. He is among the 10 youngest promising French directors of the year 2023 in New York magazine "Elucid magazine"


Mack the Knife

"Mack the Knife" or "The Ballad of Mack the Knife" () is a song composed by Kurt Weill for the 1928 play "The Threepenny Opera". The song has become a popular standard recorded by many artists including Louis Armstrong in 1955, Bobby Darin in 1959 and Ella Fitzgerald Grammy Award winning in 1961.

Eastern Sports Club

Eastern Athletic Association, also known as Eastern Sports Club (), is a Hong Kong sports club, best known for its football team. They play their home games at Mong Kok Stadium.


Warwick Avenue (song)

"Warwick Avenue" is a 2008 song by Welsh singer Duffy and is the second single from her debut studio album "Rockferry". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Scotland and the Netherlands, number 15 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 7 in Scotland and Denmark, number 21 in Italy and number 11 in Ireland.

UK CD single

UK 7" vinyl single

Australian digital download single

German maxi single

iTunes B-side single

Włodzimierz Smolarek

Born in Aleksandrów Łódzki, Smolarek played for Widzew Łódź and Legia Warsaw in Poland. He won the Ekstraklasa championship with the former side in 1981 and 1982, as well as the 1985 Polish Cup.

In 1986, aged 29, Smolarek was allowed to leavePoland. He started with Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga where he won the German Cup in his second season, playing the full 90 minutes in the 1–0 win against VfL Bochum. He retired at 39 after eight years in the Netherlands, with Feyenoord and FC Utrecht, then went on to work with the first club as youth coach for nearly one decade.

Smolarek made his debut for the Poland national team on 12 October 1980, in a 1–2 friendly loss in Argentina. Over the next 12 years he appeared in a further 59 internationals, being selected for the squads at two FIFA World Cups: in 1982 he helped the country finish third in Spain, scoring the opener in a 5–1 first group stage win against Peru. Four years later, celebrating his 50th appearance, he netted the only goal in the group phase contest against Portugal (his 12th and penultimate) in an eventual round-of-16 exit.

In October 2009, Smolarek was hired by the Polish Football Association to oversee the national side's youth program. 
Smolarek died in 2012 at age 54.

Korie Cull

Korie Cull (born 17 November 1990) is a British artist and designer, from Nottingham, England. His work predominately centers around the figurative character NŌRI and it's associated sculpts and motifs. Presently, Cull is working and living in Cupertino, California as an Art Director at Apple, where he works on an array of Apple products and events.

Cull is a graduate in Conceptual Design, Games Engines and Physics BSc (Hons) from Staffordshire University in 2012.


Lebanese Arabic

Lebanese Arabic (Arabic: عَرَبِيّ لُبْنَانِيّ) is a dialect of the Arabic language spoken in Lebanon. It is also spoken among the Lebanese diaspora. It has different features and variations in pronunciation, vocabulary and grammar that makes it different from other Arabic dialects.

Lebanese Arabic reflects Lebanon's diverse cultural influences, with elements from French, English, and other languages added into daily speech. While Modern Standard Arabic is used in formal contexts, Lebanese Arabic is the primary spoken language in Lebanon which shows the rich linguistic heritage of the country.

I'm Eighteen

"I'm Eighteen" is a 1970 song by Alice Cooper and is the leading single from their third studio album "Love It To Death". It went to number 21 in the United States and number 7 in the United Kingdom and was a breakthrough for the band. It has been covered by Anthrax and Creed for the 1998 movie "The Faculty".

Abu Obaida (Hamas)

Abu Obaida (Arabic: أبو عبيدة) also spelled as Abu Obayda, Abu Ubayda and Abu Ubaydah, is the war name of a Palestinian militant who is the spokesperson for the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the Palestinian political and military organization Hamas since 2006.

He was nicknamed Abu Ubaidah after the companion of Mohammad who conquered Jerusalem, Abu Ubayda ibn al-Jarrah, who lived during the reign of Caliph Umar.

Abu Obaida appeared for the first time as official spokesperson for Al-Qassam Brigades in 2004 but he gained spotlight when he announced the capture of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit by the Al-Qassam Brigades in 2006. He was previously seen on screen as a field official between 2002-2004, but his identity remains unknown and his face does not appear in the media as he covers his face with a Keffiyeh for security purpose. Palestinian reports indicate that his face is known only to a small number of people. The Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) has reported multiple times that they have revealed Abu Obeida's identity but Hamas has denied the claims citing propaganda.

Daech, les enfants fantômes

Daech, les enfants fantômes is a documentary written and directed by Hélène Lam Trong, released in 2023. he receives the Prize Albert Londres of audiovisual 

In 2019, approximately 500 French children found themselves growing up in harsh conditions in Syrian prisons, a violation of child protection laws. Despite their families' pleas, the French government refused to bring them home. In January 2023, the UN condemned France for this decision, following previous condemnations in 2022.
The only hope for these children lies with their families in France, who are demanding their repatriation. In the spring of 2023, over a hundred French children remain in dire conditions in Syrian camps, their future uncertain. All this is happening while concerns grow about Daesh's resurgence in the region.

Rwanda : Le silence des mots

Rwanda, le silence des mots is a documentary written by Michael Sztank and Gaël Faye directed by Gaël Faye and produced by Babel Doc, release in 2021.

They testified before the French courts in Kigali and Paris, first in 2004 and then in 2012. Since then, the investigation, handled by the 'Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity' division of the Paris High Court, hasn't progressed. Concessa, Jeanne, and Prisca claim they were sexually assaulted by French soldiers from Operation Turquoise during the 1994 genocide against the Tutsis. Today, each of them continues with their lives and copes with their past. They speak on behalf of all the women who were victims of men's brutality during that genocide. They stand as a symbol in the fight against forgetting.


Remigio Herrera

Remigio Herrera (birth name, Adeshina Obara Meyi) (1811/1816–1905), born in Ijesha, in Osun State, Nigeria, was a Babalawo (a Yoruba priest). He inherited the Ifá religious system in Cuba, with his mentor Carlos Adé Ño Bí (birth name, Corona). 

Remigio Herrera was one of the most popular surviving Africans from the 19th century in the Republic of Cuba. 

Remigio Herrera (Adeshina) was born in Ijesha, in Osun State, Nigeria. Adeshina swallowed the representative symbol of the Orunmila (Orisha Orula),  Just before he was kidnapped in Africa and taken away for slavery, with the intention of carrying it with him to his next destination.

Dangereux à perpétuité ?

Dangereux à perpétuité ? is a documentary written and directed by Frédérique Lantieri, produced by Stéphanie Lebrun and released in 2022.

At the National Assessment Center (CNE) in the Fresnes prison, a diverse team of guards, psycho-clinicians, and probation officers tirelessly monitor and interact with around twenty inmates serving long sentences who are seeking early release. The CNE's evaluation plays a critical role in helping the justice system decide whether or not to grant sentence adjustments. We take a closer look at the stories of Jean-Paul, serving a life sentence for rape and murder; Stéphane, sentenced to fifteen years for murder; Bruno, serving a ten-year term for child molestation; and William, facing a twenty-year sentence for assaulting a vulnerable person.


Frédérique Lantieri

Frédérique Lantieri, born on March 18, 1960, in the Kingdom of Libya, is a French journalist and television presenter.

Frédérique Lantieri was born in Libya in 1960, into a family of French settlers originally from Algeria.

She spent fifteen years working as a legal affairs journalist at Le Quotidien de Paris and L'Événement du jeudi. Her career included roles as the chief editor of La Marche du siècle, editor at the CAPA agency, and a journalist for the TV program "Envoyé spécial." In October 2011, she took over as the host of "Faites entrer l'accusé" on France 23, succeeding Christophe Hondelatte.

In early 2020, when "Faites entrer l'accusé" moved to RMC Story, Frédérique Lantieri was replaced as the host. Like Christophe Hondelatte, she expressed profound disappointment about the show's departure from public broadcasting and concerns regarding its future. Nevertheless, she opted not to exercise her veto power to prevent the show from leaving the public service.


Emmanuel Pierrat

Emmanuel Pierrat, born on August 23, 1968, in Nogent-sur-Marne, is a French writer and lawyer.

Emmanuel Pierrat was born in Nogent-sur-Marne, France, on August 23, 1968. He grew up in Pantin, a suburb of Paris. His brother is the journalist and writer Jérôme Pierrat.

Since 1993, Emmanuel Pierrat has been a lawyer in Paris. In 2003, he co-founded the law firm Pierrat & Associés, which consists of about ten lawyers and is co-directed by Sophie Viaris de Lesegno. In 2017, he partnered with criminal defense lawyer Carbon de Seze, a former secretary of the conference and a former member of the Bar Council. In January 2019, Sirma Guner became a partner in his law firm.

Emmanuel Pierrat has also taught law at various institutions, including the University of Paris 13, the Center for Training and Advancement of Journalists (CFP), the Center for Professional Counseling and Training (CECOFOP), the National School of Decorative Arts, the National School of Gobelins, and the National Institute for Bookselling Training (INFL).

As a lawyer, he defended individuals in several high-profile cases, such as Sandrine Bertaux's sexual harassment complaint against demographer and historian Hervé Le Bras, and Michel Houellebecq in a lawsuit related to his remarks about Islam. He also represented the owner of the domain name Jeboycottedanone.com in a case against Danone, although this case was not successful. Emmanuel Pierrat defended Denis Baupin, a member of parliament accused of sexual assault and harassment, but faced setbacks in the case, including being found guilty of "abusive procedure." He also defended the family of Yann Moix in a case related to allegations made in his book "Orléans," and assisted Edouard Louis in a legal matter arising from his book "History of Violence." Emmanuel Pierrat has been involved in matters related to literary and artistic property rights, including representing Bill Pallot in a case involving the Château de Versailles and supporting singer Stephan Eicher in a dispute with Universal.

He has provided legal counsel to various authors, including Guillaume Musso and Anna Gavalda, and is known for his support of same-sex marriage. He was an advocate for the same-sex couples in Bègles.

In June 2020, he received unpublished manuscripts of Louis-Ferdinand Céline from journalist Jean-Pierre Thibaudat. Subsequently, he faced legal challenges related to these manuscripts but ultimately avoided legal action. During this period, he also shared the existence of the manuscripts with journalist Jérôme Dupuis, which was reported in Le Monde.

Emmanuel Pierrat's law firm entered into judicial reorganization on November 10, 2022, following a declaration of insolvency on November 4. The reorganization was converted into judicial liquidation on January 5, 2023. In the meantime, Emmanuel Pierrat had established a new structure, Pierrat Avocats, on December 26, 2022.

Dieu, les religions et les francs-maçons, Paris, First, 320 p. (ISBN 978-2754070508)

Turkic tribal groups in Iran

In Iran there are many Turkic tribal groups, almost all are descendants of Oghuz Turks. This article examines the several Turkic tribes in Iran.

Ths Qashqais (Persian: قشقایی) are a tribal confederation of mostly Turkic origin, but there are also Kurds, Lurs and Arabs in Qashqai confederation. Almost all of them speak Qashqai, a Turkic language from Oghuz sub-branch. They are found in the area of Shiraz to the north of the Persian Gulf. Their population is around 300.000.

The Qashqai, in general, believe that their ancestors came to Iran from Turkestan in the vanguard of the armies of Hulagu Khan () or Timur (). However, it seems more probable that they arrived during the great tribal migrations of the 11th century.

The Afshars (Persian: افشار) are a tribe of Turkic origin that split into several groups in Iran, Turkey, and Afghanistan. There is an important Afshar group in Urmia and its vicinity, West Azerbaijan. There are also Afshar groups in the southern Azerbaijan, in the region around Zanjan, vicinity of Tehran, Mazandaran, north of Mashad, Kermanshah, southwest Iran, as well as small Afshar groups in Fars and Kerman. The some Afshars joined the Qashqai confederation.

Afshar tribe of historically important as one of the Qizilbash tribes, which established the Safavid dynasty in Iran, and as descent group of the Afsharid dynasty. Nader Shah (), the founder of Afsharid dynasty, was from Qirqlu branch of the Afshar tribe.

The Afshars are originally belongs to "Bozok" branch of the Oghuz Turks, and are ninth of the twenty-four Oghuz Turkic tribes.

The Bayats (Persian: بیات) are an important Turkic tribe, into several groups in Syria, Turkey (Anatolia), Iraq and Iran. At the beginning of the 19th century, the Bayats lived in three branches: in Azerbaijan with 5.000 people, around Tehran with 3.000 people, and around Shiraz in Fars with 3.000 people. Today they are entirely sedentary and live mainly around Zanjan. The some Bayats joined the Qashqai confederation.

An important branch of the Bayats migrated to Iran in the last quarter of the 15th century upon the Aq Qoyunlu conquest. Some of them settled in Azerbaijan and a significant part in the southeast of Hamadan. Since Abbas the Great () considered it inconvenient for the Bayats to live together, he dispersed them by appointing some of their beys to sanjaks in Azerbaijan.

The Bayats are originally belongs to "Bozok" branch of the Oghuz Turks, and are second of the twenty-four Oghuz Turkic tribes.

The Shahsevan (Persian: شاهسون) are a number of Turkic tribal groups in various parts of northwestern Iran, notably in the Mughan and Ardabil districts of eastern Azerbaijan and in the Karaqan and Khamsa districts between Zanjan and Qazvin. Most of Shahsevan are of Turkic origin and the Turkic identity and culture are overwhelmingly dominant among them, though the ancestors of several component tribes were of Kurdish or other origins. They are Shia Muslims and spoke Azerbaijani. 

By the late 17th century the name Shahsevan, often as a military title in addition to Qizilbash tribal names such as Afshar and Shamlu (and Shamlu components such as Beydili or Begdeli, Inallı or Ināllu, Ajirli or Ajirlu).

The Ayrums (Persian: آیرملوها) are a Turkic tribe of western Azerbaijan. Following the treaty of Turkmenchay in 1828 through which Iran lost the provinces of Yerevan and Nakhchivan, Abbas Mirza, the crown prince, who valued the fighting ability of Turkic tribesmen, encouraged several Turkic tribes which dwelled in the ceded provinces to settle down south of the Aras river, offering them fertile lands and lush pastures as a reward. One of these was the Ayrum tribe tribe, which moved from its ancestral holdings in the vicinity of Gyumri to the west of Maku.


Paul Rigoux

Paul Rigoux is born in Bordeaux in 1994, he is a French filmmaker and screenwriter.

After completing his legal studies in Bordeaux, he made his way to Paris, where he joined Fémis and entered their Distribution program. During his time there, he collaborated with fellow students on his debut short film, "The Onset of Antoine's Decline." Paul's talent was recognized when he secured a win in the GREC screenplay competition. This victory paved the way for his second film, "RAPIDE." The film garnered accolades, including recognition at Premiers Plans, Côté Court, FIFIB, and participation in over thirty global film festivals. Moreover, "RAPIDE" earned a nomination in the "Best Fiction Short Film" category at the 2024 César Awards.



Jhinjholi

Jhinjholi is a village situated in Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh state, north India. It is about 22 km from Saharanpur city.

Kundi

Kundi is a village located in Sarsawa block of Saharanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is about 21.5 km from Saharanpur city and 30 km from Yamunanagar city.

Hridaya Shanker Singh

Hridaya Shanker Singh is the first Vice-Chancellor of Maa Shakumbhari University in Uttar Pradesh. Before this Prof. Singh retired as a professor from the Zoology Department of Chaudhary Charan Singh University. He has been Pro-Vice-Chancellor, Controller of Examinations at Chaudhary Charan Singh University, and Director at Sir Chhotu Ram Engineering College.

Maa Shakumbhari University

Maa Shakumbhari University is a state university in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh.

It was established by upgrading the Government Degree College, Punwarka that was established in 1999. All government and private degree colleges in the districts of Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, and Shamli are affiliated with Maa Shakumbhari University.

Miragpur

Miragpur is a village situated in the Deoband Mandal of Saharanpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The name of Miragpur, which has gained recognition across the country for being a drug-free village, has been added in the Asia Book of Records.

Randol

Randol is a village situated in Muzaffarabad Block Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh state, India.

It is about 17.7 km from Saharanpur city and 24.3 km from Sarsawa. Randol has a population of 6,500 with 1,200 households as per a report released by UCO bank.

Pentation

Pentation is the 5th hyperoperation, and the first one is addition. Pentation is just repeated tetration, but it produces
extremely large unimaginable numbers, a simple 2 ↑↑↑ 3 (or often displayed as 2) is equal to 65,536.
Another example is 3 ↑↑↑ 2. It is equal to 7,625,597,484,987 (7.625 Trillions, this number is known as a Tritri)

Pentation is calculated like this:
2 ↑↑↑ 3 = ²²2 = ⁴2 = 2^2^2^2 = 65,536
The word "Pentation" was coined by Reuben Goodstein (An English Mathematician) by joining together penta- (which means five) and iteration (A mathematical
function). It's how he usually named hyperoperations.

Toros Toranyan

Toros Toranyan ( Armenian : Թորոս Թորանյան, 29 February 1928, Aleppo - 3 June 2021, Yerevan ) was an Armenian writer, poet and doctor . 

He was born on 28 February 1928 in the city of Aleppo, in the French Mandate of Syria. Toranyan said that his ancestors were from Sasun. He said that they settled in the village of Saylakkaya, which was within the borders of Gaziantep at that time and is now a part of the Halfeti district of Şanlıurfa. 

After graduating from the Gulbenkian School in Aleppo in 1943, he completed his education at the Melkonian School in British Cyprus . 

He published his first work in Beirut in 1960. The same year, he also took courses in the field of political science. After returning to Syria, he moved to Yerevan where he studied Armenology for one year. He graduated from Yerevan State University Faculty of Medicine, in medical education in 1970. After working as a physician for twenty years in Syria, he retired and devoted himself to literary works. 

Until his death in 2021, he published more than 150 works in the genres of travel notes, stories and research, including twelve poetry books. 

Cassim Chilumpha

Cassim Chilumpha (born 29 November 1959) is a Malawian politician. He was the Vice-President of Malawi from 2004 to 2009. Chilumpha was born in Chiutula Village, Nkhotakota City, Malawi.

Eurovision: Come Together

Eurovision: Come Together was a television program created by the BBC. It aired on 16 May 2020 as a replacement to the cancelled Eurovision Song Contest 2020. It was hosted by Graham Norton. The show featured footage from 19 past Eurovision performances. The viewers could vote online and the winner was declared the most popular Eurovision song.

Unlike all other versions of Eurovision, the results of the vote were not given out as points. Instead, the winner was announced after the vote. The top 10 were revealed later by the BBC.

Marcel Schmelzer

Marcel Schmelzer (born 22 January 1988) is a former German football player. He has played for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.

Marcel Schmelzer in Borussia Dortmund colors.
Trained at Borussia Dortmund, Marcel Schmelzer made his debut with the reserve team in Regionalliga Nord in 2007. A year later, he made his professional debut in the Bundesliga at the age of 20, replacing the Brazilian Dedê, who was the regular starter on the left side of the defense. He only played in 12 matches during his first professional season, but in the following season, 2009/2010, he firmly established himself as the left-back, quickly gaining recognition for his work rate on the field.

He truly broke out during the 2010-2011 season when he became one of the best in his position in the Bundesliga and won the German championship with his club Borussia Dortmund. The following season, he won the German championship for a second consecutive time as well as the German Cup. Although he was included in Joachim Löw's German national team for Euro 2012, he didn't play any matches in the tournament, which ended with a 2-1 defeat in the semi-finals against Italy.

In 2012-2013, Borussia Dortmund couldn't compete with Bayern Munich in the league, and they also lost 2-1 to Bayern Munich in the final of a UEFA Champions League, a unique all-German club showdown.

During the 2013-2014 season, Schmelzer suffered several injuries that caused him to miss many matches.

Due to a knee injury, Schmelzer has been sidelined since June 2020 and missed the entire 2020-2021 season, not playing any matches. Despite being out of contract after a year on the sidelines, Schmelzer signed a one-year extension with his club in July 2021, even though he is still in the rehabilitation process.

Fuchs' dystrophy

Fuchs dystrophy is an hereditary disease that affects the cornea, the clear front part of the eyes. It is also known as Fuchs endothelial corneal dystrophy (FECD) or Fuchs endothelial dystrophy (FED). The disease is named after Ernst Fuchs (1851-1930), an Austrian ophalmologist (eye doctor) who first described it in 1910. Ernst Kraupa, a German eye doctor also described the disease in 1920. The disease usually affects older people. More women than men are affected. The disease seems to be caused by a genetic defect, it is not contagious.

Usually, there is a fluid between the inside of the cornea, and the rest of the eye. Special cells at the inside of the cornea move this fluid in and out of the eye. In people with Fuchs dystropy, these cells die and can no longer move the fluid. This leads to a build-up of fluid in-between the two layers and a cloudy appearance in the cornea. Treatment is effective and good vision can often be restored to affected people. Eye surgeons can use a variety of operations using cornea transplantation using donated material from dead people. Eye drops can also be a treatment under the right circumstances. About 4% of people over the age of 40 get Fuchs' dystrophy in the United States. 

Augustdorf

Augustdorf is a municipality in Lippe in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has an area of 42.18 km². About 10,100 people lived there in 2020.


Sigillo

Sigillo is a "comune" in the Province of Perugia in the Umbria region in Italy.

San Giovanni in Persiceto

San Giovanni in Persiceto is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 28,000 people live there.

Castello d'Argile

Castello d'Argile is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

San Pietro in Casale

San Pietro in Casale is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna, in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.

Crevalcore

Crevalcore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in northern Italy. It is near Bologna.

San Giorgio di Piano

San Giorgio di Piano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. It is the birthplace of actress Giulietta Masina.

Falmer

Falmer is a village and civil parish in the Lewes District of East Sussex, England. It is between Brighton and Lewes. It is also home to the Falmer Stadium and University of Sussex.

Polvijärvi

Polvijärvi is a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. As of 19 September 2023, 4,086 people lived there. Its area is . Neighbouring municipalities are Juuka, Kaavi, Kontiolahti, Liperi and Outokumpu.

Polvijärvi was founded in 1876.


List of demonyms for US states and territories

This is a list of official and unofficial terms used to describe the citizens of specific states, federal district, and territories of the United States of America.


Marek Suski

Marek Witold Suski (born June 11 , 1958 in Grójec ) - Polish politician. He has been a member of the Sejm in the fourth through ninth terms. From 2017 to 2019, he was the head of the Political Cabinet of the Prime Minister. He is a member of party.

Suski is a son of Janusz and Alina. His paternal ancestors had the Pomian coat of arms. He is a graduate of the Post-Secondary Vocational School of Theater Techniques in Warsaw. For a year he was employed at the Grand Theater in Warsaw . Then to the early 1990s. he worked in a craftsman's workshop. From 1993 to 1996 he headed the Regional Cultural Center in Tarczyn . In the years 1997–1999 he was the director of the branch of Jarosław Kaczyński's parliamentary office in Radom, then he worked in the joint-stock company " Srebrna ".

He co-founded the Center Agreement, then Law and Justice . He ran unsuccessfully as a PC MP in 1991 and 1993. He was elected as an MP from the PiS (LnJ) list in the 2001 and 2005 elections. In the Sejm of the 5th term, he sat on the Rules and Deputies' Affairs Committee (from November 3, 2005 as its chairman), the State Treasury Committee, and also in extraordinary committees. In 2006, he became an honorary member of the World Association of Home Army Soldiers. In the 2007 parliamentary elections, he won a parliamentary seat for the third time, receiving 29 497 votes in the Radom constituency. In 2008, the Presidium of the Sejm removed him from the position of vice-chairman of the Rules and Deputies' Affairs Committee due to disciplinary punishment by the Deputies' Ethics Committee for one of his statements from the Sejm tribune.

In the 2011 Sejm elections, he successfully ran for re-election and got 17 251 votes. In 2015, he was re-elected to the Sejm, receiving 36 542 votes. On July 22, 2016, he became vice-chairman of the investigative commission for Amber Gold.

On December 19, 2017, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki appointed him as the head of the Political Cabinet of the Prime Minister with the rank of secretary of state in the Chancellery of the Prime Minister, replacing Elżbieta Witek in this function. In the 2019 elections, he was elected MP of the 9th term, receiving 69 141 votes. In November 2019, Marek Suski became vice-chairman of his Parliamentary Club, chairman of the Energy and State Treasury Committee and vice-chairman of the Culture and Media Committee. Therefore, he ended his government function.

In 2021, he became the chairman of the Program Council of Polish Radio and a member of the Council of Political Advisors established by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki. In the 2023 elections, he kept his parliamentary mandate(with 37 853 votes). .


The Women's Ashes

The Women's Ashes is an international women's cricket tournament between Australia and England. It is the women's version of The Ashes test series.

Australia women's national cricket team

The Australia women's national cricket team represents Australia in international women's cricket.

England women's cricket team

The England women's cricket team represents England in international women's cricket.

Dear Child (book)

"Dear Child” (originally: "Liebes Kind") is a 2019 psychological thriller novel by German writer Romy Hausmann.

The main character, Lena Beck, is a young woman who was missing for 14 years. When Lena is hit by a car and taken to the hospital with her young daughter, her father is contacted. When he arrives, he says that she is not his daughter, but DNA tests confirm that her two children are his biological grandchildren. Eventually, it is revealed that Lena’s captor, a man called Lars Rogner, abducted her, locked her in a secluded cabin without windows for years, and forced her to be his wife and birth his children. Shortly after Lena gave birth to their third child, but both the child and mother passed away. A devastated Lars, who claimed to truly love Lena, kidnapped another woman named Jasmin Grass to replace Lena and assume her identity. Jasmin adopted the role for four months in captivity in order to survive, but was able to knock Lars unconscious and escape with Lena's daughter. Near the house, Jasmin is hit by a car and then taken to the hospital. Despite still grappling with the physical and psychological effects of what she’s experienced, Jasmin convinces the police she’s stable enough to return home. Once back in her apartment, Jasmin realizes the profound psychological toll the abduction has really taken, while remaining fearful of leaving her home and struggling to maintain a grasp on reality.

The book was made into a Netflix miniseries in 2023.

Soccer Ashes

The Soccer Ashes is a soccer trophy tournament between Australia and New Zealand. It was first created in 1923 and rediscovered in 2023. It is named after The Ashes test series in cricket between Australia and England.

Reuben Goodstein

Reuben Louis Goodstein is an English mathematician who had a strong interest in philosophy and teaching mathematics.
Reuben introduced a variant of the Ackermann function which is now called hyperoperation sequence, together with the naming system used for those (tetration, pentation, hexation, etc.).

Brownsville, Minnesota

Brownsville is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Eitzen, Minnesota

Eitzen is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Hokah, Minnesota

Hokah is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Houston, Minnesota

Houston is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Spring Grove, Minnesota

Spring Grove is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Yuji Hamano

Yuji Hamano is an archer from Japan. He was born on 6 September 1980. Hamano competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics.

Nami Hayakawa

Nami Hayakawa is an archer from Japan. She was born on 6 October 1984. Hayakawa competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

During the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, Hayakawa completed her initial ranking round with a total of 649 points. This secured her the 9th position for the final competition bracket. In the first round, she faced off against Elena Mousikou and triumphed over the archer from Cyprus with a score of 112-103. In the second round, she exhibited her strength by defeating Jennifer Nichols with a score of 105-103, and she continued her journey by outscoring Naomi Folkard with 106-97 to reach the quarter-finals. Unfortunately, she was eliminated in the quarter-finals by Park Sung-hyun with a score of 112-103, who later went on to win the silver medal.

Hayakawa participated in the team event alongside Sayoko Kitabatake and Yuki Hayashi. Their combined scores from the ranking round, including Hayakawa's 649 points, Kitabatake's 616, and Hayashi's 616, placed the Japanese team in the seventh position after the ranking round. In the first round of the team event, they defeated the Colombian team with a score of 206-199. However, in the quarter-finals, they faced a formidable opponent in second-seeded Great Britain, who outperformed Japan with a score of 201-196.

Yuki Hayashi

Yuki Hayashi is an archer from Japan. She was born on 2 October 1984. Hayashi competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2016 Summer Olympics.

Seiji Hibino

Seiji Hibino is a Japanese archer. He was born on 27 September 1950. Hibino competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Walter Probst

Walter Probst (17 April 1918 – February 2007) was an Austrian football player and manager.
He played for Rapid Wien, Wacker München, Austria Wien, Hakoah and Sportclub.
He coached IFK Göteborg, Austria Wien, Djurgårdens IF, Örgryte IS and Saab Linköping.

Rapid Wien Archiv:Players profile

Aaron Donald

Aaron Charles Donald (born May 23, 1991) is an American football defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Pittsburgh.

Donald, originally from Pittsburgh, is one of three children of Archie Donald and Anita Goggins. He grew up in the Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar neighborhood. His father introduced him to training to instill discipline in his life. Donald later admitted he was timid as a child. At the age of 12, he and his father would wake up at 4:30 AM and train for about two hours in the basement gym his father set up in their family home.

Donald attended Penn Hills High School, where he played American football under Coach Ron Graham. He was selected for the All-State AAA first team twice during his final two seasons.

He studied at the University of Pittsburgh and played for the Pittsburgh Panthers.

He was chosen as the 13th pick in the 2014 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams.

In his rookie year, he accumulated 47 tackles and nine sacks. His nine sacks ranked him first among first-year players in the 2014 season. He was selected to the All-Rookie Team and made it to the Pro Bowl. His performance earned him the NFL Rookie of the Year award.

In 2015, he started in all of his team's games. In 16 games, he recorded 69 tackles and 11 sacks, leading in the number of sacks by a defensive tackle and ranking eighth in sacks for the 2015 season. He was selected to the Pro Bowl for the second consecutive year.

In the first game of the season, he was ejected for touching a referee while his team was clearly dominated by the San Francisco 49ers. The player continued to improve and learn the league, despite his modest and shy personality and the Rams' poor performance, which was one of the worst teams in the NFL. At the end of the season, he was ranked by other players as the 15th best player in the NFL. However, he was frustrated by the season's outcome, which concluded with the firing of head coach Jeff Fisher.

During the preparation for the 2017 NFL season, Aaron Donald put pressure on his team by intentionally missing preseason games. In early September, he returned to the Rams' facilities but had not signed the expected contract. He missed the season's opening game against the Indianapolis Colts, costing him 1.5 million dollars. Playing in a defensive position where his dominance is hard to measure statistically, Donald had a significant defensive impact throughout the season. With power and discipline, he consistently pressured opposing offenses, even when double-teamed.

A few days before the start of the 2018 NFL season, Aaron Donald signed a new six-year contract with the Los Angeles Rams, worth 135 million dollars, with 87 million guaranteed and a 40 million dollar signing bonus. This made him the highest-paid defensive player in NFL history, but less than 24 hours later, Khalil Mack reclaimed that record by signing a 141 million dollar contract with the Chicago Bears.

AR Fox

Thomas James "T.J" Ballester (born September 5, 1987) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name AR Fox. He also wrestles in their sister promotion, Ring of Honor (ROH).

Fox has also wrestled for Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), Dragon Gate USA, Evolve, Lucha Underground, and Game Changer Wrestling (GCW).

During his time in CZW, Fox was a one-time CZW World Junior Heavyweight Champion and a three-time CZW Wired TV Champion. In Evolve, he was a one-time and first Evolve Champion and a one-time Evolve Tag Team Champion.

At Final Battle on December 10, 2022, Fox would team with Blake Christian to defeat La Facción Ingobernable (Rush and Dralístico). He would team with Blake Christian and Metalik to face The Embassy (Bishop Kaun, Brian Cage and Toa Liona) for the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship but lost.

On the May 18, 2023 episode of "ROH on HonorClub", Fox would face Zack Sabre Jr. for the NJPW World Television Championship but lost.

On the July 27, 2020 episode of "", Fox made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He teamed with Adrian Alanis and Liam Gray in a loss to Angelico and Private Party (Isiah Kassidy & Marq Quen). On the November 9 episode of "Dark: Elevation", Fox defeated Serpentico to get his victory in AEW.

On the November 16 episode of "Dynamite", Fox would team with Top Flight (Dante Martin and Darius Martin) and fight Death Triangle (PAC, Penta El Zero Miedo & Rey Fenix) for the AEW World Trios Championships but would be defeated.

On the November 30 episode of "Dynamite", Fox would challenge Samoa Joe for the TNT Championship but lost. Earlier that day, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that Fox had signed a contract with AEW.

At Holiday Bash, Fox teamed with Top Flight again. They would compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Royale which they were able to win. Fox and Top Flight would challenge The Elite for the AEW World Trios Championships on the Feburary 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite" but lost. They would have a rematch on the Feburary 17 episode of "Rampage" but lost again.

Fox would team with Blake Christian and Metalik to face the House Of Black (Brody King, Buddy Matthews & Malakai Black) for the AEW World Trios Championships but they lost.

Fox would turn heel after losing a AEW International Championship match to Orange Cassidy on the July 26 episode of "Dynamite". Under a mask, he would run in at the end of the match between Darby Allin and Swerve Strickland. He would attack Allin and Nick Wayne and join Strickland's Mogul Embassy. This partnership was short-lived. Fox would lose to Nick Wayne on the b episode of "Dynamite" and be kicked out of the group and attacked, which turned him face again.

Fox would face Jon Moxley for the International Championship on the September 6 episode of "Dynamite" but would lose.

Andrade El Idolo

Manuel Alfonso Andrade Oropeza (born November 3, 1989) is a Mexican professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for WWE on the Raw brand under the ring name Andrade (formerly Andrade "Cien" Almas).

He is also known for his time in All Elite Wrestling (AEW) under the ring name Andrade El Idolo. He also wrestled many years for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) under the ring name La Sombra.

During his first run in WWE from 2015 to 2021, Andrade was a one-time NXT Champion and one-time United States Champion.

On the June 4, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade El Idolo made his debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Vickie Guerrero interrupted a segment between Tony Schiavone and Mark Henry and introduced Andrade. Andrade made his AEW in-ring debut on July 7 at "Road Rager" where he defeated Matt Sydal.

On the July 14 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade would replace Vickie with his new Executive Consultant Chavo Guerrero. On the September 10 episode of "Rampage", Andrade would attack Chavo after winning a ladder match against Pac. 

On the October 6 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade would compete in a Casino Ladder match to determine to number one contender for the AEW World Championship. The match was eventually won by "Hangman" Adam Page.

On the Feburary 23 episode of "Rampage", Andrade would face Sammy Guevara for the AEW TNT Championship but lost. He would have a rematch on the March 4 episode of "Rampage" in a three-way match also involving Darby Allin but lost again.

On the June 8 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade would enter the Casino Battle Royal to determine the second contender for the interim AEW World Championship. He would make it to the final three but was accidently thrown out by the eventual winner Kyle O'Reilly.

Andrade would enter the tournament to crown the first AEW World Trios Champions alongside his La Faccion Ingobernable teammates Dragon Lee and Rush. They would lose in the first round against the eventual tournament winners The Elite (Kenny Omega and The Young Bucks).

In late 2023, Andrade began a feud with Miro, who was managed by his wife CJ Perry. Andrade would later lose his last AEW match to Miro at AEW Worlds End on December 30. Perry costed him the match. His contract expired at the end of 2023, which was confirmed by Tony Khan in a press conference after the show.

Andrade made his WWE return on January 27, 2024 at the Royal Rumble as a surprise entrant in the men's Royal Rumble match. He was then put on the Raw brand.

Andrade is a third-generation professional wrestler. His father wrestled under the name Brillante and his grandfather wrestled as El Moro.

He is married to WWE superstar Charlotte Flair and his father-in-law is Ric Flair.



Tunnel of Love (album)

Tunnel of Love is the eighth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 2 October, 1987 through Columbia Records and topped the album charts in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, Norway, Sweden and Canada and made the top 10 in other countries it charted on. In 2012 it was ranked #467 on the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

While more than 80 songs were said to have been recorded for Springsteen's previous album, only 19 are known to have been recorded for "Tunnel of Love", with 12 making the album's final cut. "Lucky Man" and "Two For the Road" were released as B-sides, and later on "Tracks" along with other outtakes such as "The Honeymooners," "The Wish" and "When You Need Me." "Part Man, Part Monkey" was also recorded during these sessions and played live on the Tunnel of Love Express Tour. Although that version remains unreleased, it would be re-recorded during future album sessions and eventually released. "Walking Through Midnight," the only other unreleased song, was co-written by Southside Johnny who recorded the song for his own album, 1988's "Slow Dance".


Born to Fly (song)

"Born to Fly" is a 2000 song by country singer Sara Evans and is the title track from her third studio album "Born to Fly". It went to number 74 in the United States, number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 7 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Viktoria Aschaffenburg

SV Viktoria 01 Aschaffenburg is a German football club based in Aschaffenburg, Bavaria.

SSV Reutlingen 05

SSV Reutlingen 05 is a German football club based in Reutlingen, Baden-Württemberg.

The club was founded as FC Arminia Reutlingen and was renamed SV Reutlingen 1905 in 1910.


Don't Go Breaking My Heart

"Don't Go Breaking My Heart" is a 1976 song by Elton John featuring Kiki Dee. It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, the United States, New Zealand, Canada, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Ireland, France and Australia and charted poorly in Finland where it only made number 23. In 1994, John remade the song with drag queen RuPaul for his album "Duets".

Davao del Norte

Davao del Norte (; ), officially the Province of Davao del Norte, is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region in Mindanao. Its capital and largest city is Tagum. In 1998, Davao del Norte was split in two provinces: Davao de Oro and Davao del Norte.

Tagum

Tagum, officially the City of Tagum (; ) is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao del Norte. In 2020, 296,202 people lived there.

Catanduanes

Catanduanes, officially the Province of Catanduanes (), is an island province in the Philippines. It is in the Bicol Region in Luzon. Its capital is Virac. Previously part of Albay province, it gained provincial autonomy on September 26, 1945. Its population was 260,964 people in the 2015 census, covering an area of 3,915 square kilometers.

Eon Productions

Eon Productions Ltd. is a British company that makes the "James Bond" movie series. The company is based in London's Piccadilly. The company also operates from Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom.

Tancas serradas a muru

"Tancas serradas a muru" (Sardinian language; "Tancas closed with wall") is a traditional Sardinian folk.
The verses had been composed by the blind poet Melchiorre Murenu, shortly after the entry into force of the "Editto delle chiudende", a legislative provision issued on October 6, 1820. This act authorized the fencing of de facto common land, but subject to collective use, thus expanding the scope of enjoyment of the properties.
These verses have become a folk song. 
The " piece " was very popular on the island and was performed by the various choirs in the manner of canto a tenore. The first choir that recorded it was the "Coro Supramonte" of Orgosolo which, finally, released it in 1974 on an LP for Fonit Cetra.
In 1964 the piece was rewritten by Luciano Berio (and included in the collection Folk Songs) for voice (mezzo-soprano),flute, clarinet, harp, percussion, viola and cello.

"Enclosures closed with walls,"
"made by the grabbers;"
"if heaven were on earth,"
"they would have fenced that too."


Solar neutrino

A solar neutrino is a neutrino originating from nuclear fusion in the Sun's core. It is the most common neutrino to pass through the Earth.

Five Nights at Freddy's (movie)

Five Nights at Freddy's is an 2023 American horror movie directed by Emma Tammi. It's based on the popular video game of the same name, created by Scott Cawthon. The film is produced by Blumhouse Productions and Scott Cawthon Productions. It stars Josh Hutcherson, Elizabeth Lail, Piper Rubio, Mary Stuart Masterson, and Matthew Lillard. The story revolves around a security guard who takes a night job at an old family entertainment center. He soon realizes that the animatronic mascots come to life and pose a deadly threat to anyone remaining after midnight.



2023 NFL season

The 2023 NFL season is the 104th season of the National Football League (NFL). The season began on September 7, 2023, with defending Super Bowl LVII champion Kansas City falling to Detroit in the NFL Kickoff Game, and ended with the Super Bowl LVIII on January 7, 2024. The Kansas City Chiefs won the Super Bowl for the second time in a row, defeating the San Francisco 49ers.

The playoffs are then scheduled to start on January 13, and conclude with Super Bowl LVIII, the league's championship game, at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada, on February 11.

Braxton Berrios

Braxton Berrios (born October 6, 1995) is an American football wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Miami (FL). He was a star athlete at Leesville Road High School in Raleigh, North Carolina where he played quarterback. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the sixth round of the 2018 NFL Draft.

Tua Tagovailoa

Tuanigamanuolepola Donny "Tua" Tagovailoa ( ; born March 2, 1998) is an American football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Alabama, where he was the Offensive MVP of the 2018 College Football Playoff National Championship during his freshman season and won the Maxwell and Walter Camp Awards as a sophomore.

Tintanga Estate

The Tintanga Estate was a notable zamindari Estate in Bhagalpur division of Bihar.It was one of the prominent zamindar family of Kosi-Bhagalpur division. 
The chieftains of Tintanga had zamindari of Kajha, Dharampur, chausa, Birbas, Bihpur, Gogri, Basetha, Ekchari and Puaraini. which was spread over an area of thousands of acres in the modern-day districts of Madhepura, Munger, Khagaria, Purnea and Bhagalpur.

Babu Santlal Das of Tintanga Estate was a notable zamindar, freedom fighter and one of the founder member of Gop Jatiya Mahasabha which later Merged with All India Yadav Mahasabha. Later on he was succeeded by his Son Babu Maheswari Prasad. The Tintanga Zamindari (Estate) was owned by Majhraut Clan of Yaduvanshi Ahir’s they were of Jaswant Hemti Rai Mool from Dhamaun Deeh Samastipur. Tintanga was one of the largest and respected zamindari estate of Yadav’s in Bihar. The zamindar family of Tintanga had close links with Murho-Ranipatti zamindar Family and all together these families played an important role in upliftment of Yadav community in Bihar and in formation of All India Yadav Mahasabha.


Grethe Fatima Syéd

Grethe Fatima Syéd (born 1 January 1968) is a Norwegian literary scholar, translator and author. Grethe Fatima Syéd has translated fiction from English into Norwegian. She completed her doctorate on Olav Duun. Her first published fiction was the book "Fairy Tales for Adults" (2020). In 2019, she was awarded "the Klassekampen Culture Prize." 

She holds a cand. philol. in Nordic literature from the University of Bergen (2001).  She received her doctorate on Olav Duun's texts from the University of Bergen in 2012. Her doctoral thesis was entitled "Relentless care. Love, suicide, art and transcendence in Olav Duun's fictional world". She is well-known in Norway for her literary criticism. 

Syéd was born in Bergen. Her mother was Norwegian, and her father was from India.  She was married to the author Jon Fosse, the 2023 winner of the Nobel Prize for literature, from 1993 to 2009.

Syéd worked at the University of Bergen for many years. Later, she worked as a freelance writer and literary communicator.

In the period 2018-2023 she was editor of Vidarforlagets Duun publications. 

She is chair of the board of the Torborg Nedreaas Association and a board member of the Olav Duun ring and the Text Alliance.



Mujeeb Ur Rahman

Mujeeb Ur Rahman Zadran (Pashto: مجیب الرحمن ځدراڼ; born 28 March 2001) is an Afghan cricketer, who plays for the Afghanistan national cricket team.
In January 2018, he was bought by the Kings XI Punjab in the 2018 IPL auction. On 8 April 2018, at the age of 17 years and 11 days, he became the youngest cricketer to play in the Indian Premier League. Mujeeb was just 17 years and 11 days old when he made his debut in IPL.

In February 2021, Mujeeb was bought for INR 1.5 crores by the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL auction ahead of the 2021 Indian Premier League.

Clarion, Pennsylvania

Clarion is a borough in and the county seat of Clarion County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is north-northeast of Pittsburgh. Clarion was settled in 1839 and incorporated in 1841. 3,931 people lived here at the 2020 census. The county courthouse and jail were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

Brookville, Pennsylvania

Brookville is a borough in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is the county seat of Jefferson County.

Richland, Pennsylvania

Richland is a borough in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania. 1,490 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Saint-Martin-d'Armagnac

Saint-Martin-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Martin-de-Goyne

Saint-Martin-de-Goyne is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Martin-Gimois

Saint-Martin-Gimois is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Maur, Gers

Saint-Maur is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Médard, Gers

Saint-Médard is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Mézard

Saint-Mézard is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Michel, Gers

Saint-Michel is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Mont

Saint-Mont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Orens

Saint-Orens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Orens-Pouy-Petit

Saint-Orens-Pouy-Petit is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Ost

Saint-Ost is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Viozan

Viozan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Villecomtal-sur-Arros

Villecomtal-sur-Arros is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Paul-de-Baïse

Saint-Paul-de-Baïse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Viella, Gers

Viella is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Vic-Fezensac

Vic-Fezensac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Verlus

Verlus is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Pierre-d'Aubézies

Saint-Pierre-d'Aubézies is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Vergoignan

Vergoignan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Urgosse

Urgosse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Urdens

Urdens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tudelle

Tudelle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Troncens

Troncens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Traversères

Traversères is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Puy

Saint-Puy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tourrenquets

Tourrenquets is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tournecoupe

Tournecoupe is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tournan, Gers

Tournan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tourdun

Tourdun is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Toujouse

Toujouse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Soulan

Saint-Soulan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Touget

Touget is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tirent-Pontéjac

Tirent-Pontéjac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tillac

Tillac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tieste-Uragnoux

Tieste-Uragnoux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Thoux

Thoux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Salles-d'Armagnac

Salles-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Terraube

Terraube is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Termes-d'Armagnac

Termes-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Samaran

Samaran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Taybosc

Taybosc is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tasque

Tasque is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tarsac

Tarsac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tachoires

Tachoires is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sorbets, Gers

Sorbets is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Solomiac

Solomiac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Samatan

Samatan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sirac, Gers

Sirac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sion, Gers

Sion is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sansan, Gers

Sansan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


University of Ulm

The Ulm University () is a public university in Ulm, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The university was founded in 1967 and focuses on natural sciences, medicine, engineering sciences, mathematics, economics and computer science. It has about 10,300 students. Ulm University is the youngest public university in the state of Baden-Württemberg.


Grigory Zass

Grigory Khristoforovich von Zass (1797–1883; ) was a Russian Imperial general. He commanded Russian cavalry troops in the Napoleonic Wars and Russo-Circassian War. He became well known for his genocidal actions against the Circassians. It was said that he thought they were a "lowly race". He was the founder of the city of Armavir, Russia.

In 2003, the Russian Federation controversially built a statue of him on former Circassian territories where the Circassian genocide happened. This made Circassians and Circassian nationalist establishments very mad.

Zass thought Circassians were not as good as the "European Race," He thought German and Russian people were much better groups of people . He thought that the only way to deal with the Circassians was to scare them away "just like wild animals". He kept a box under his bed with Circassian body parts.

Zass supported using very bad military methods when dealing with Circassians. These included burning people alive, cutting off heads for enjoyment, burning entire villages to the ground, spreading epidemics on purpose, and rape of children.

Colonel Grigory Zass was a major figure in the Circassian genocide. He was involved with ethnic cleansing. The methods he had the soldiers use included methods burning Circassian villages and causing epidemics. It is estimated that 70% of the East Circassian population died in the process.

Zass had Circassian heads cut off. He sent these heads to his friends in Berlin. These friends were professors who used the heads to study anatomy. He also had heads outside of his tent on lances on a hill.

Russian soldiers and Cossacks were paid for sending Circassian heads to Zass. Zass also killed Circasians in large numbers by burning Circassian villages with the people in them. He told the soldiers to rape Circassian women and children.

Zass would pick random Circassian males from the towns he attacked. He would burn the men alive as a form of entertainment. He also had the bellies of pregnant women cut with bayonets.

Zass supported genocidal rape. His soldiers raped Circassian girls during the 1877 Russo-Turkish war.

Zass worked with a German officer in the Russian army named Georg Andreas von Rosen during the genocide against the Circassians. Zass wrote letters to Rosen. In them, he said that he ordered Cossacks to kill Circassian civilians.

Yukiko Ikeda

Yukiko Ikeda is a Japanese archer. She was born on 15 July 1971. Ikeda competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Hiroko Ishizu

Hiroko Ishizu is a Japanese archer and educator. She was born on 8 November 1956. Ishizu competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

In 1977, Ishizu represented Japan as the national women's champion at the National Archery Association tournament held at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.

In 1984, Ishizu participated in the Summer Olympic Games in Los Angeles, competing in the women's individual event. She finished fourth with a total score of 2524 points, despite initially tying for second place in the first round. This marked Japan's first fourth-place finish in Olympic women's archery.

Ishizu also earned a bronze medal in the team event at the 1986 Asian Games.

Yu Ishizu

Yu Ishizu is a Japanese archer. He was born on 8 April 1987. Ishizu competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

In the team competition, Japan won against India in the initial round after a shootout, but then lost to the United States by just one point. As for the individual event, Ishizu was eliminated in the first round, suffering a 7-1 defeat to Simon Terry.

Live in Atlantic City

Live in Atlantic City is a live album by American rock band Heart. The album was released on January 25, 2019.

2024 Green Party presidential primaries

The 2024 Green Party presidential primaries are an upcoming series of elections in order to determine who the presidential nominee of the Green Party will be for the 2024 United States presidential election. The primaries will be concluded at the 2024 Green National Convention.

Kirby: Right Back At Ya!

Kirby: Right Back at Ya!, known in Japan as Hoshi no Kābī (星のカービィ, Kirby of the Stars) 2002 is an anime series based on the Kirby franchise. The series was produced by Warpstar Inc., a company formed between a joint investment between Nintendo and HAL Laboratory, Inc.

Some of the episodes were aired on the Kirby TV Channel for the Wii, running until 15 December 2011. A second run started again in 2012 with additional material such as game trailers. Another service for the Wii titled Wii no Ma aired all 100 episodes in the Theater Room for free.


Epsilon Canis Majoris

Epsilon Canis Majoris, officially known as Adhara, is a binary star system and the second brightest object in the constellation of Canis Major. Its name is a Bayer designation that is Latinised from ε Canis Majoris, and shortened as Epsilon CMa or ε CMa. Adhara is the 22nd brightest star in the night sky with an apparent magnitude of 1.50. About 4.7 million years ago, it was the brightest star in the night sky, with an apparent magnitude of −3.99. Based upon parallax measurements got during the Hipparcos mission, it is about 430 light years away from the Sun.

The two stars are named ε Canis Majoris A, officially named Adhara — the traditional name of the star system, and ε Canis Majoris B.

Lemon (U2 song)

"Lemon" is a 1993 song by Irish rock band U2. It is the second single from their eighth studio album "Zooropa" and went to number 20 in Canada, number 4 in New Zealand, number 6 in Australia, number 1 in Iceland and number 24 in Italy.



Sarcos

Sarcos is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saramon

Saramon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sarragachies

Sarragachies is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sarraguzan

Sarraguzan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


La Sauvetat, Gers

La Sauvetat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sauveterre, Gers

Sauveterre is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sauviac, Gers

Sauviac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sauvimont

Sauvimont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Savignac-Mona

Savignac-Mona is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Scieurac-et-Flourès

Scieurac-et-Flourès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Séailles

Séailles is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ségos

Ségos is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ségoufielle

Ségoufielle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Seissan

Seissan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sembouès

Sembouès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sémézies-Cachan

Sémézies-Cachan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sempesserre

Sempesserre is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sère

Sère is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sérempuy

Sérempuy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Seysses-Savès

Seysses-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Angervilliers

Angervilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Arpajon

Arpajon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Angélico

Adam Bridle (born 7 May 1987) is a South African professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Angélico. He also wrestles for their sister promotion, Ring of Honor (ROH).

He is also known for his time wrestling in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), Lucha Underground and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG).

On 8 May 2019, it was confirmed that Angélico had signed a contract to be a member of All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

At Double or Nothing on 25 May, Angélico made his AEW in-ring debut. He would team with his The Hybrid2 tag team partner Jack Evans. They would lose to Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent Beretta). At Fight for the Fallen, The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson) would defeat The Hybrid2 and Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) in a three-way tag team match.

On the 8 October debut episode of "Dark", The Hybrid2 teamed with the Lucha Brothers (Fénix and Pentagón Jr.) and the defeated Private Party (Isiah Kassidy and Marq Quen) and Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent) for Angélico's first win in AEW.

On the 19 Feburary episode of "Dynamite", The Hybrid2 would enter a battle royal to determine would would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson).

On the 8 September episode of "Dark", Angélico would defeat Griff Garrison to earn his first solo victory in AEW.

On the 7 November episode of "Dynamite", The Hybrid2 would face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but were defeated.

At Holiday Bash, Angélico teamed with Luther and Serpentico in a team known as Spanish Announce Project. They would compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Royale but they lost to AR Fox and Top Flight (Dante Martin and Darius Martin).

Arrancourt

Arrancourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Authon-la-Plaine

Authon-la-Plaine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Auvernaux

Auvernaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Auvers-Saint-Georges

Auvers-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Avrainville, Essonne

Avrainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ballainvilliers

Ballainvilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ballancourt-sur-Essonne

Ballancourt-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Baulne

Baulne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bièvres, Essonne

Bièvres is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

The name comes from the river Bièvre which flows through the village.

Magic (Bruce Springsteen album)

Magic is the 15th studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 25 September, 2007 on LP and 2 October, 2007 on CD through Columbia Records. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, the United States, Austria, Canada, Norway, Denmark, Ireland, Spain, Italy and Sweden and also made number 2 in New Zealand, the Netherlands and Australia. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2008.

Two weeks after the album's initial announcement, which included an eleven-song track listing, "Terry's Song" was added. It is a memorial song for Springsteen's long-time assistant Terry Magovern, who died on July 30, 2007. Some pressings of the CD pre-ordered through Sony Music or other channels did not contain the extra track.

The Definitive Alice Cooper

The Definitive Alice Cooper is a 2001 compilation album by Alice Cooper. It is the international counterpart to his US only "" with a different album cover and slightly different songlist. It went to number 60 in Australia and number 33 in the United Kingdom.

Doing Time on Maple Drive

Doing Time on Maple Drive is a 1992 television drama movie directed by Ken Olin and starring James Sikking, William McNamara, Bibi Besch, Lori Loughlin and early dramatic role for actor Jim Carrey. It was nominated for 3 Primetime Emmy Awards in 1993.


Midland railway line, Perth

The Midland railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia. It was opened in 1881 as part of the Eastern railway on the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR). The line is a major transport route in Perth, connecting with the four other main Transperth railway lines: Joondalup, Fremantle, Armadale, and Mandurah.

There are a total of 15 stations along the Midland line.

<br>

Fremantle railway line, Perth

The Fremantle railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia. It was opened in 1881 as part of the Eastern railway on the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR). The line is a major transport route in Perth, connecting with the four other main Transperth railway lines: Joondalup, Midland, Armadale, and Mandurah.

There are a total of 17 stations along the Fremantle line.

<br>

Roana

Roana is a "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.

Roana is twinned with:

Pojana Maggiore

Pojana Maggiore is a "comune" in the Province of Vicenza in the Veneto region in Italy.

Pojana Maggiore is twinned with:

Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis

Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Orzinuovi

Orzinuovi (Brescian: ) is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Berzo Demo

Berzo Demo (Camunian: ) is a comune in Val Camonica, province of Brescia, in Lombardy, northern Italy.

Beregazzo con Figliaro

Beregazzo con Figliaro is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Binago

Binago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Western Australian Government Railways

The Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) was the primary state-owned rail operator for Western Australia. The WAGR originated from the Department of Works and Railways created to run the Northern Railway between Geraldton and Northampton when it opened in 1879.

In 1890 the Works and Railways department was replaced with the WAGR, which would continue under that name until 1975 when its trading name changed to Westrail until 2000, with the WAGR being taken over by the Public Transport Authority in 2003 under the name Transwa.

In 1986 inner-city suburban lines were handed over to the newly established Transperth. In addition to rail services, the WAGR also operated trams, and ferries and provided electricity during its tenure, being renamed several times to reflect what it was doing.

The history of the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) dates back to 1879 when the Department of Works & Railways was established.
The first railway line operated by WAGR opened on July 26, 1879, connecting Geraldton and Northampton. Subsequently, the Eastern Railway from Fremantle to Guildford via Perth was launched on March 1, 1881. The WAGR chose a narrow gauge of 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) to reduce construction costs.
Over the following decades, WAGR expanded its network with main lines and branches to serve Western Australia's wheatbelt. Before road transport became prevalent, the railway network played a vital role in transporting agricultural, forestry, and mining products.
In 1890, the Department of Works & Railways was replaced by the WAGR and the Department of Works & Buildings.
In October 1917, the WAGR network was connected to the rest of mainland Australia through the Commonwealth Railways' Trans-Australian Railway, which used a different standard gauge of 4 ft 8+1⁄2 in (1,435 mm) to reach Kalgoorlie.

Legislation was introduced to limit competition from road transport, primarily during the 1930s to the 1950s, with the Transport Co-ordination Board controlling commercial road traffic.
As road transport expanded, many railway lines closed from 1949. The railway network reached its peak at 6,600 kilometers in 1937, with only one tunnel, the Swan View Tunnel, being constructed.
In the 1950s, many branches closed due to maintenance needs, aging rolling stock, and financial losses. Although 1,320 kilometers of the network were closed in 1956/57, 275 kilometers were later reopened on a seasonal basis.
During the late 1960s, gauge conversion allowed trains from eastern states to operate on the Eastern and Eastern Goldfields lines between Perth and Kalgoorlie. Diesel locomotives replaced steam locomotives in March 1972.
In the late 20th century, the removal of restrictions on road transport competition shifted WAGR from a customer-oriented system to primarily a main line bulk carrier operation. This resulted in the closure of facilities in smaller communities, except for the wheatbelt, where bulk grain handling continued despite the changes.

Listed in chronological order of service entry with subclasses.




"Note: This section is incomplete."
Listed in alphabetical order, with subclasses in chronological order below.

"Note: This section is incomplete."


Oltrona di San Mamette

Oltrona di San Mamette is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bizzarone

Bizzarone is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Castelnuovo Bozzente

Castelnuovo Bozzente is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Malnate

Malnate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Venegono Inferiore

Venegono Inferiore is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Venegono Superiore

Venegono Superiore is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Azzate

Azzate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bedero Valcuvia

Bedero Valcuvia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Albizzate

Albizzate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Barasso

Barasso is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bardello

Bardello is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Biandronno

Biandronno is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bisuschio

Bisuschio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brebbia

Brebbia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy. It has church called St. Peter and Paul.

Brenta, Lombardy

Brenta is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brezzo di Bedero

Brezzo di Bedero is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brinzio

Brinzio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brunello, Lombardy

Brunello is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Buguggiate

Buguggiate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Transwa

Transwa is a public regional rail and coach transport operator in Western Australia. It was launched in 2003 to replace the Western Australian Government Railways Commission.

Major destinations along Transwa routes include Bunbury, Geraldton, Albany, and Kalgoorlie. Transwa is run by the Public Transport Authority (PTA). There are four named trains operated by Transwa; Australind, AvonLink, MerredinLink, and The Prospector. Along with the trains, 16 coach services are offered.

Cadrezzate con Osmate

Cadrezzate con Osmate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy. It was created in 2019 from the former municipalities of Cadrezzate and Osmate.

Cadrezzate

Cadrezzate was a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Since 2019, the former municipalities of Cadrezzate and Osmate merged to form the new municipality of Cadrezzate con Osmate.

Osmate

Osmate was a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Since 2019, the former municipalities of Cadrezzate and Osmate merged to form the new municipality of Cadrezzate con Osmate.

Casale Litta

Casale Litta is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Public Transport Authority (Western Australia)

The Public Transport Authority (PTA) is an Australian statutory body. It controls all public transport in Western Australia for the state government.

The PTA was created in 2003 under the "Public Transport Authority Act 2003." It operates ferry, bus, and train services in Perth asTransperth. It also runs coach and rail services in more regional areas under Transwa.

Along with Transwa and Transperth brands, several other local bus services operate under their own brands. These include:

The PTA created the SmartRider smartcard in 2007. It give people a quick way to pay for public transportation.

Alabama River

The Alabama River is a river in the southeastern United States, flowing through Alabama before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico. It's formed by the Tallapoosa and Coosa Rivers.

Te Deum (Charpentier)

Te Deum is probably the best-known work of Marc-Antoine Charpentier. It sets the Te Deum in music. It is a Grand Motet, and is written in D major. It is a motet for soloists, choir, and orchestra. It was written to be peformed for the court of Louis XIV, towards the end of the 17th century. At the time, Charpentier was Kapellmeister at the Church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis in Paris; he was responsible for the music that was played there. The Te Deum was probably composed to commemorate the Battle of Steenkerque of 1692, or the Treaty of Turin, of 1695. After the Second World War, the European Broadcasting Union selected the first eight measures of the prelude to serve as jingle for Eurovision.

Charpentier probably wrote six different versions of the "Te Deum". Four of these are still known. The best known is H.146, There is H.145 for eight voices, H.147 and H.148 for four voices each.

Kalidas Nag

Kalidas Nag (16 January 1892 – 9 November 1966) was an Indian historian, writer, author and parliamentarian. He served as the Member of Rajya Sabha, the upper house of India's parliament from 1952 to 1954.

Kalidas Nag was born to Babu Matilal Nag and married Santa Devi, who was the daughter of Ramananda Chatterjee, a famous journalist and editor. They had three daughters.
Kalidas Nag graduated in history from the Scottish Church College and completed a postgraduate degree from the University of Calcutta. He also received a doctorate from the University of Paris. He used to teach history at the Scottish Church College and the University of Calcutta. He was honored as an Officer d’Academic by the Government of France. In the 1920s, he supported the French contributions to Tagore's university project in Santiniketan, and he later edited several books on Indian culture.
He translated many pieces of writing, including works by Rabindranath Tagore, into the French language. Nag also authored numerous historical works. He had a close friendship with the French writer Romain Rolland.

Instanton

Instantons are like shortcuts in the world of sub atomic particles. They're important in quantum physics and field theory because they represent special solutions to certain equations that sub atomic particles can follow to reach their destinations faster than might otherwise be expected. It's as if sub atomic particles can instantly teleport from one point to another, but magical as they sound , these teleportation-like movements are allowed by the rules of quantum physics.

Enheduanna

Enheduanna (born Birth name disputed; 23rd century BC) was a Akkadian priestess and poetess who is best known for writing her only known work, "The Exaltation of Inanna", from a first person perspective. She is also much less known for being the first known priestess in the Akkadian Empire. She is celebrated as the first known person to write from a first person perspective. She is often mistakenly thought to be the first known writer.
Enheduanna was the daughter of Sargon of Akkad, who was the emperor and the founder of the Akkadian Empire. Her real birth name is rather disputed. When she grew up, Enheduanna became the priestess of the Akkadian Empire (She was the first known priestess in the Akkadian Empire), in which she likely inherited the title "Enheduanna". Enheduanna was the priestess of the godess Nanna. Enheduanna was highly likely not her birth name. Given her role as a priestess to the godess Nanna, Enheduanna would have served as the embodiment of Ningal, who was said to be the spouse of Nanna. This would have given her actions divine authority. Modern-day archaeologists never found out what were the duties of Akkadian priests and/or priestesses.

Towards the end of the reign of Narām-Sîn, Sargon of Akkad's grandson, numerous former city-states began to rebel against the Akkadian Empire. Probably around several decades before that, according to Enheduanna's poem "The Exaltation of Inanna", a person by the name of Lugal-Ane became the new ruler of Ur. As the new ruler, Lugal-Ane, believing that Nanna was not a proper or right goddess, and made her an unofficial god of the city. Lugal-Ane probably went to Enheduanna (being the priestess) and probably demanded to her that he be crowned official ruler of Ur. When she refused, Enheduanna was suspended from her job as a priestess and was expelled from Ur. According to ancient temple records, Enheduanna later found refuge in Ĝirsu. Enheduanna most likely wrote the poem dedicated to Inanna, to intervene on the behalf of the Akkadian Empire, and to put an end to the rule and rebellion of Lugal-Ane. At last, Narām-Sîn put an end to the rule and rebeilion of Lugal-Ane and other kings, and restored the Akkadian Empire in the remaining years of his reign. It has been suggested that when Enheduanna learned that Nāram-Sîm put an end to the rule and rebellion of Lugal-Ane and other kings and restored the Akkadian Empire, she may have returned back to Ur, and may have resumed to her role as a priestess.

Hiroshi Kajikawa

Hiroshi Kajikawa is a retired archer from Japan. He was born on 3 March 1949. Kajikawa competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Burmese cat

The Burmese cat is a breed of cat. Burmese are divided into two groups, British Burmese and American Burmese. Life expectancy of Burmese can reach 16-18 years.

In the early 1930s, Dr. Joseph Thompson of San Francisco imported a dark brown female cat from Burma named Wong Mau. At that time in the United States, there was no cat breed similar to Wong Mau. Eventually, Wong Mau was crossed with Siamese. Subsequently, new breed kittens were born that had characteristics like Siamese. This crossbreed type was later developed as the Tonkinese.

Burmese is medium-bodied, heavy and muscular cat, weighing around 4-6 kg. The Burmese has a round, curved head and medium-sized, wide, pointed ears. The eyes are round and wide, with a golden yellow eye color. The tail is straight and of medium length. The coat is short, soft and glossy.

Burmese are less aggressive, kind, friendly and adaptable cats. Burmese are also easy to train, and can live with other pets. Burmese have a voice similar to Siamese, but Burmese are softer and sweeter. Burmese always want to get carried away with human activities. Burmese are not happy if left alone in the house for long periods of time. According to CFA research, Burmese that are often left in the house alone will become disobedient to their owners.


Yukari Kawasaki

Yukari Kawasaki is an archer from Japan. She was born on 14 December 1976. Kawasaki competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Yuki Kawata

Yuki Kawata is a Japanese archer. He was born on 16 June 1997. Kawata competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Skaugum

Skaugum is an estate. Haakon VI of Norway and Mette-Marit lives there. It is in Asker, Norway which is away from Oslo. The estate is big, of it are farms.

The estate belonged to a church in the Middle Ages. Many people owned it over the years, but in 1909 Fritz Wedel Jarlsberg bought it. Then, when Crown Prince Olav and Crown Princess Märtha got married in 1929, Wedel-Jarlsberg sold it to them. In 1937, Prince Harald was born there.

The house that Wedel-Jarlsberg had, which looked like a Swiss chalet, burned down in 1930. An architect named Arnstein Arneberg built a new one on the same spot, using the old foundations. They used stone to build it, so it wouldn't catch fire again.

During World War II, Nazi soldiers stayed at Skaugum. Then, the estate became the official home of a man named Reichskommissar Josef Terboven in June 1940. After Hitler died, Terboven lost his job and killed himself there in 1945.

In 1968, King Olav V gave the estate as a wedding gift to his son, King Harald V, and his wife, Crown Princess Sonja. The King moved to the Royal Palace in Oslo. King Harald did the same thing, giving the estate to his son, Crown Prince Haakon, and his wife, Crown Princess Mette-Marit, when they got married in 2001.

Skaugum is different from the Royal Palace because it's privately owned by the royal family. It's not open to the public. Like other royal homes in Norway, there are Royal Guards there to protect it.

Adolf Huber

Adolf Huber (5 March 1923 - February 1994) was an Austrian football player. He won the Austrian championship three times with FK Austria Wien. He is, with 151 goals, the clubs` third-best league scorer till today. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Huber started in the Rapid youth team and Straßenbaahn Wien. On 23 January 1939, the day of Sindelar's death, he came to FK Austria Wien. His debut in the Austria team was successful on 26 July 1941 with seven goals in a friendly match against Helfort. He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in April 1942 and was initially stationed in Klagenfurt and from September 1942 on at the front in northeastern Europe. He played regularly for Austria from July 1941 to April 1942. From 1943 onwards he played in individual games again, but only until autumn. Then he moved to LSV Markersdorf.

After the liberation from National Socialism, Austria Wien formed a successful attack formation with Ernst Stojaspal, Ernst Melchior, Lukas Aurednik, Fritz Kominek and Adolf Huber. The Austrian championship was won in 1949, 1950 and 1953 and the ÖFB Cup was won twice .

After Dolfi Huber had rarly played in 1946/47 and 1948/49 due to injury, his career seemed to be over again in 1954. He ultimately retired from football in 1957.
Huber played 13 matches for the Austrian national football team. He scored 10 goals. His first match was on 22 May 1949 versus Italy. His last one was on 25 March 1953 versus Ireland.
Huber managed 1. Wiener Neustädter SC, where he won the B league as coach in 1958/59 and was promoted to the A league with the club for the first time. In 1962 he took over FC Wien which he looked after for six years and led it back into the then second division, the Regionalliga East. Following FC Wien he returned to Austria Wien. He was active there in youth work. 



Hiba Abu Nada

Hiba Kamal Abu Nada (Arabic: هبة كمال أبو ندى) (24 June 1991 – 20 October 2023) was a Palestinian poet, novelist, nutritionist and Wikimedian.

In October 2017, She won the Sharjah Award for Arab Creativity (Second Place) at its 20th session for her novel titled "al-Uksujīn laysa lil-mawtā" (‘Oxygen is not for the dead,’ Arabic: الأكسجين ليس للموتى). The same month she was honoured by the Palestinian Ministry of Culture for winning the Sharjah Award.

She posted for the last time on 8 October 2023, when she wrote"Gaza’s night is dark apart from the glow of rockets, quiet apart from the sound of the bombs, terrifying apart from the comfort of prayer, black apart from the light of the martyrs. Good night, Gaza."
On 20 October 2023, at the age of 32, she was killed during an airstrike attack fired by Israeli Air Force (IAF) on her home during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.


LSV Markersdorf

LSV (Luftwaffensportverein) Markersdorf was a football club in Austria (then Ostmark) during the time of Nazi occupation. 
The club was founded in 1939. In the 1941/42 season the club played in the Gauliga Niederdonau. The championship was decided at the time using the knockout system. After MSV Brünn was defeated 2-1 in the semi-finals and 1. Wiener Neustädter SC 5-3 in the final, the team qualified for the promotion games to the the highest league in Eastern Mark at the time . LSV lost both games against the champions of the two Vienna 1st classes SG Reichsbahn Wien and Wiener AC. 

At that time, the air force base also served as a “reception camp” for enlisted football players. They were transferred there by their parent clubs. Austrian team players like Karl Durspekt (SK Admira Wien), Karl Sesta (Austria Wien), Lukas Aurednik (Rapid Wien), Adolf Huber (Austria Wien), Max Merkel (Wiener Sport-Club) and German team players like Walter Dzur (Dresden SC), Paul Zielinski (Hamborn 07) and Hiltrop (Hannover 96). With the class that these players brought with them, the rise of LSV Markersdorf was inevitable.

In the game for the title in the Gauliga Niederdonau 1942/43, LSV Wiener Neustadt was defeated in the semifinals and RSG Wiener Neustadt in the final. In the promotion games to the Gauliga Donau-Alpenland, the Luftwaffe athletes met the Styrian champions Kapfenberger SC and the Carinthian champions Villacher SV. With a goal difference of 18:6 with three wins and only one defeat, they were promoted to the highest East Mark league. There they achieved a sensational sixth place in 1943/44, ahead of clubs like SK Rapid Vienna and Wacker Vienna. Due to the war, more and more players had to do military service. So the club had to withdraw from the league at the end of the season and was dissolved. After the war a new club (SC Markersdorf) was founded on 5 November 1945 which still plays in the lower clases of Lower Austria.

Palestinian Ministry of Culture

The Palestinian Ministry of Culture is a government organization. It is in charge of encouraging and promoting cultural activities in Palestine. 

It began in 1994 after the Oslo Accords acknowledged the Palestinian Authority's authority in the occupied territories. 

Atef Abu Saif is the current Minister of Culture in Palestine.

Only the Strong Survive

Only the Strong Survive is the 21st studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 11 November, 2022 through Columbia Records. It went to number 8 in the United States and Canada, number 2 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Belgium, Spain and Portugal and number 1 in Scotland, Norway, Sweden, Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland and Austria and it is a covers album.

Live Like Horses

"Live Like Horses" is a 1996 song by Elton John featuring Luciano Pavarotti. It was the second track from his 21st studio album "The Big Picture" and went to number 9 in the United Kingdom and number 74 in the Netherlands.

Europe CD 1

Europe CD 2

AM Radio (song)

"AM Radio" is a 2000 song by Everclear and is the second single from their fourth studio album "". It went to number 78 in the United Kingdom, number 76 in Scotland, number 32 in New Zealand and number 15 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay.

UK CD single

Australian CD single

Lise Baron

Lise Baron is a French documentary filmmaker. She lives in Nantes.

After studying ancient history, Lise Baron worked as a production manager and literary director for various documentary production companies. Later, she transitioned into directing. Her first film, "Students, All to the Factory! - Journeys of Working-Class Maoists," was made in 2018. In this documentary, she interviewed former Parisian students who, after the events of May 1968, went to work in factories.

In 2020, she co-directed a documentary with Aurélien Bonnet on medically assisted reproduction. Given that both Lise Baron and Aurélien Bonnet had personal experiences with assisted reproduction, they explored their own journey and compared it to that of several other couples.

In 2021, she completed her fifth documentary, focusing on Marguerite Duras as a writer while also delving into her role as a filmmaker and the political aspects of her character.


WAGR A class

The WAGR A class were a class of 13 steam locomotives designed by Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England for the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR), who operated them from 1880 to 1955.

The A class were 2-6-0+T "mogul" type tender locomotives initially used on the Eastern railway from Fremantle to Guildford on mainline passenger duties, though over the years they became relegated to lighter goods work and shunting. All but one of the 13 total A class were built by Beyer, Peacock & Coy; the sole outlier being built by Dübs & Coy.

The first A class was imported to Western Australia by contractor John Robb for use in constructing the first section of the Eastern Railway in 1880. Two of the A class survive in preservation today, No. 11 is on display at Bassendean Railway Museum under the care of Rail Heritage W.A., and the other No. 15 is under restoration in Victoria.

British Union of Fascists

The British Union of Fascists (BUF) was a political group in the United Kingdom. It started in 1932 and was led by Oswald Mosley. They wanted to have a strong government with a lot of power and did not like democracy.


The BUF was not liked by many people. They got into fights with others who did not agree with them. In 1936, the British government made laws to stop them from doing some things.

When World War II started, the BUF stopped being active. The government put Mosley and other important BUF members in jail because they thought they might help the enemy. After the war, the BUF disappeared, and most people did not like their ideas anymore.

The BUF is remembered as a group that believed in strict and powerful government, and for not liking Jewish people. Many people today think that their ideas were wrong.

The BUF has appeared in movies, books, and TV shows. These stories show how the BUF was seen during their time.


Roger Brocksom

Major Roger Sidney Brocksom (9 November 1919 – 26 May 2001) was an English engineer and soldier. He became well-known as the husband of the actress June Spencer, whom he married during World War II.

Roger Sidney Brocksom was born in Grimsby, Humberside, England on 9 November 1919, as the elder of two children to Gertrude Mary (née Benton; 1890–1970) and Sidney John Brocksom (1981–1962), a schoolmaster. His younger sister was Beryl Mary Everett (née Brocksom; 1924–1996).

Brocksom attended the University of Nottingham.

Brocksom had "other girlfriends" in his youth.

Brocksom began his career as an engineer.

Brocksom was drafted to the British Army on 23 November 1941. His military regiment number was 217493. He held the rank of a Second Lieutenant. He served in Northern Ireland. He was posted to India and Burma for three year and four months in February 1943, where he was upgraded to a Major. He would frequently write to his new bride. He returned home at the end of May 1946. He remained in the Army for another year, stationed at Devizes. He was demobbed after six years of service.

Brocksom found work at the London office of Palmers Hepburn, with six months training in Newcastle.

Brocksom met June Spencer, an actress, while on holiday in Chapel-St-Leonards, Lincolnshire in 1936, both aged 17. The couple got engaged with their banns being read in Armagh Cathedral, while he was on leave from serving in Northern Ireland, and were married in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire on 27 May 1942, by Bishop Neville Talbolt. He proposed by asking: "How would you feel about being married to a Second Lieutenant?", to which she replied: "I wouldn't mind if it was you". They adopted two children through the Surrey County Council; a son David, a dancer, in 1952, and a daughter Rosalind "Ros", a council worker, two-and-a-half years later.

Brocksom resided in a bungalow in Leatherhead, Surrey until his death. His first marital home was in Worcester Park. He previously lived in Sutton, Cheam and Esher. He owned a second home, named Casa Ruisenor, in Menorca, Spain, which he purchased in April 1972.

Brocksom joined the Round Table - the under-40s part of Rotary - in 1954.

Brocksom was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1992. Eventually, his only memories were of his wartime service in Burma. He had a series of transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) one day and was taken to the hospital. He had a stroke and was admitted to hospital while on holiday in Menorca on 7 November 2000. The couple enjoyed an afternoon in their back garden on 25 May 2001, two days prior to their 59th wedding anniversary, his wife said: "It's such a lovely day, let's have lunch in the garden!", he kept repeating: "Isn't this lovely? What a lovely lunch!".

Brocksom died from a stroke with complications from Alzheimer's disease in Leatherhead, Surrey on 26 May 2001, the day before his 59th wedding anniversary. He was 81. His obituary was published by "The Daily Telegraph" on 28 May. He was buried in the churchyard in his back garden.

Brocksom's son, David, died from a massive internal hemorrhage with complications from alcoholism in Nuremberg, Germany on 2 November 2006. He was 55. He was cremated in Germany, bought back to England and was buried in their churchyard beside his father.

Brocksom's battle with Alzheimer's disease was the semi-inspiration behind the early 2000s "The Archers" storyline which saw Jack Archer, the husband of his wife's character, Peggy, showing the symptoms and eventually being diagnosed.

Brocksom's churchyard grave was the location for an episode of the BBC Television religious programme "Songs of Praise".

Dauwa Ahirs

The Dauwa Ahirs or Dauwa Yadavs are a Clan of Ahir/Yadavs found in the Bundelkhand region which was the ancient Cedi Kingdom. They are also known as Dau, Dauwa, Doa or Daua. They are also addressed as Dau Sahab or Thakur Sahab due to their power and influence in Bundelkhand.

The Dauwa Ahirs claim descent from Balarama (the half-brother of Krishna) and 12th Century Ahir warriors Alha and Udal. 

They ruled a estate in the Bundelkhand Agency i.e., the Naigaon-Rebai State during British India. In Mediaeval era, they served as important generals and commanders in the army of the ruling clans such as, the Chandelas or the Bundelas. They actively participated in wars along with them. In Prithviraj-Raso, a Dau warrior named Dongar Singh Dauwa is mentioned who is fighting along with Udal.

Karangasem Regency

Karangasem is a regency in the province of Bali, Indonesia The capital is Amlapura it was two ports, namely Padang Bai and Tanah Ampo. In this district is located in bali.

WAGR B class

The WAGR B class were a total of 11 steam locomotives built in three batches in 1884 - 1886 and 1898, being operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) until 1959.

The B class was a 4-6-0T type tank engine built by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England and Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland originally for use on the Guildford to Chidlow section of the Eastern Railway which was rather steep. With the arrival of the K class onto the Eastern Railway in 1903, the B class were relegated to shunting duties until their withdrawal.

The first batch was built in 1884 by Kitson comprising two locos, the second by Dübs in 1885/86 comprising three locos, and the last batch was built in 1898 by Kitson comprising six locos with enlarged water tanks for greater capacity. All B class locomotives were scrapped.

WAGR C class (1880)

The WAGR C class were a total of 2 steam locomotives built in 1880 by Robert Stephenson & Coy for use by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The C class were originally built for the Eastern Railway as 0-6-0 saddle tanks and were intended to operate the first services on the Eastern Railway upon its opening on the 1 of March in 1881. However, neither No. 1 nor 2 were ready, though No. 1 entered service the day after the opening from Fremantle workshops where they were assembled.

Originally they featured no bunkers with fuel being stored in the cab, later bunkers were added. From the start, the two engines were considered poor quality and after an accident known as the Cape Horn crash (near Boya) caused by braking failure and inadequate safety precautions, No. 1 was rebuilt with tender and vacuum brakes in 1887 with No. 2 following shortly.

After their rebuilds, both locos were reallocated to Spencers Brook in order to run services to York, Beverley and Northam. No. 1 was sold in 1899 to the timber industry and named "Katie", it was preserved in 1956 and has been on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum (Rail Heritage W.A.) since 1970. No. 2 was sold into the timber industry in 1902 and later named "Nevada", being scrapped in 1969.

WAGR D class (1884)

The WAGR D class was a single-member class steam locomotive numbered 6 and operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The D class was built by the Hunslet Engine Coy of Leeds, England in 1884. It was built to shunt on Fremantle Long Jetty, where it operated until 1897 when upon completion of the inner harbour at Fremantle the Long Jetty stopped being utilised. In 1903 it was sold to the Leonora tramway and operated there until the tramway became electrified in 1908. No. 6 was sold to Bunning Bros. for use in the timber industry, it was scrapped in 1956.

During its service with Bunning Bros., the saddle tank was removed and a tender added, this tender is allegedly displayed in Boddington.

WAGR E class (1879)

The WAGR E class were two steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The E class were double-fairlie side tank locomotives built in 1879 by the Avonside Engine Coy of Bristol, England for the Northern Railway which ran from Geraldton to Northampton and was the first government railway in Western Australia. However, the Northern Railway didn't require them due to declines in mineral traffic so they were stored.

The first finally entered service in 1881 and the other in 1885, both were then transferred to the Eastern Railway in 1888, with one-half of No. 20 being rebuilt at Fremantle Workshops into a 2-4-2 side tank engine designated the F class, the other became a stationary engine within the workshops complex.

The other E class, No. 7 was sold to the timber industry in 1895 to Canning Jarrah Timber Coy to be used on the Upper Darling Range Railway. No. 7 was scrapped in 1897, with its side tanks recycled as the tender of another locomotive, and other components were used on log haulers.

List of United States senators from Alabama

Alabama was allowed to the Union on December 14, 1819. The state elects U.S. senators to class 2 and class 3. Its United States Senate seats were formally said to be open from March 1861 to July 1868 due to it leaving the Union during the American Civil War. Richard Shelby is Alabama's longest serving senator (served 1987–2023). Alabama's current U.S. senators are Republicans Tommy Tuberville (since 2021) and Katie Britt (since 2023).
! rowspan=21 | 1
! rowspan=2 | 1

! rowspan=2 | 2

! 3

! 4

! rowspan=3 | 5

! rowspan=3 | 6

! 7

! rowspan=3 | 8

! rowspan=6 | 9

! rowspan=5 | 2

! rowspan=6 | 10

! rowspan=2 | 3

! rowspan=4 | 4

! rowspan=7 | 11

! rowspan=5 | 5

! rowspan=2 | 6
! rowspan=6 | 12

! rowspan=3 | 7

! rowspan=19 | 8

! 13

! 14

! rowspan=9 | 15

! rowspan=8 | 16

! rowspan=11 | 9

! rowspan=4 | 17

! 18

! rowspan=9 | 19

! 10

! rowspan=6 | 11

! rowspan=6 | 20

! rowspan=10 | 12

! 21

! rowspan=20 | 22

! 13

! rowspan=20 | 14

! rowspan=5 | 23

! 24

! rowspan=2 | 25

! rowspan=11 | 15

! rowspan=4 | 26

! rowspan=21 | 27

! rowspan=11 | 16

! 17

! rowspan=2 | 18

! rowspan=3 | 19

! rowspan=3| 28


Serapis flag

The Serapis flag was a flag designed by Dutch supporters of the American Revolution in order to make sure that "Serapis", a ship led by John Paul Jones during the American Revolution, would not be flagged down and held by the Dutch government as a pirate flag.

The "Serapis" was designed in 1778 in England, and was soon taken by American vessels during the Revolution. In 1781, the ship was given to the French, and it was lost off the coast of Madagascar. John Paul Jones got control of the ship during the war, and used it to steal resources and materials from the British from coast towns.

Brett Cooper

Brett Cooper (b. 12 October 2001) is an American political commentator, YouTuber and actress. She works for The Daily Wire. Cooper is the host of "The Comments Section with Brett Cooper" on YouTube.

Cooper was born in 2001. She has said that when her mother told her father she was pregnant he wanted her to get an abortion but she said no. Cooper also said that when she was a child her parents didn’t let her watch Disney movies. When she was 5 years old, Cooper became an actress.

When she was 15 Cooper had herself “emancipated” meaning that she was legally not her parents’ responsibility anymore.

Cooper was on Broadway until she was 10 and got a lot taller. Cooper still played someone in the movie Parental Guidance. When she was 13, Cooper played Jessica, a girl who likes fencing in Gortimer Gibbon. When she was 15, Cooper played the main character in a short film. She also played a policeman's daughter in the television show Shots Fired. 

In 2018, Cooper played a character called Trailer Parker (who is bullied for being poor) in the television show Heathers.

Cooper stopped acting in Hollywood after she chose not to get the Vaccine for COVID-19 and she instead started to write right-wing political commentary for the Foundation for Economic Education, Prager University, and Turning Point USA. She then started working for Ben Shapiro at The Daily Wire and got her own podcast called The Comments Section with Brett Cooper.

After the Daily Wire created its own Streaming Service called Daily Wire Plus or DW+ then, Cooper started acting for them in their television show The Pendragon Cycle about King Arthur and playing Snow White in their Movie Snow White and the Evil Queen.

Mark Leschinsky

Mark Leschinsky is an American student and activist who has gained recognition in the entertainment industry for his notable contributions to the fields of education, youth filmmaking, and invention.
As of 2020, Leschinsky attends the Bergen County Academies (Hackensack, New Jersey). 

Leschinsky is most known for founding the Student World Impact Film Festival or SWIFF, a student film festival that does not charge submission fees and which prioritizes underrepresented students. Since December 2020, Leschinsky led his organization to spotlight 12,156 young filmmakers from 149 countries.

In 2023, Leschinsky's leadership and humanitarian work led him to receive from the British Royal Family along with being named a Prudential Emerging Visionary by Prudential Financial. In 2024, Leschinsky was named a Coca-Cola Scholar by The Coca-Cola Company.

In late 2023, Leschinsky became an advisor to a number of socially-driven organizations, including UNICEF at the United Nations, Nickelodeon, PBS, and the Association of Children's Museums. As a young advisor, he provides organizations with input on expanding their programs focused on youth agency and change-making.

In 2014, to protect healthcare workers fighting the Ebola epidemic in Africa, Leschinsky developed a novel design for a hazmat suit, which was self-disinfecting. In 2015, he was inducted into the National Gallery for America's Young Inventors at the National Museum of Education in Akron, Ohio for his design. Leschinsky received a United States Patent for the "Self Disinfecting Protective Garment" in 2016 (patent number US9392824B1). In 2023, a second Patent was received for a "Wearable Air Sterilizer with Slidable Face Shield" (patent number D986510).

Taloja

Taloja is a census town in Raigad district of Navi Mumbai city in the Indian state of Maharashtra.

Taloja is divided into two phases by CIDCO, they are named as Phase I and Phase II. Furthermore each phase is divided into sectors. Both the phases are connected through a small bridge. The city also has a river namely Taloja river which runs between Phase I and Phase II. The population of Taloja rises at a fast pace because of its proximity to industrial and educational areas such as Taloje MIDC and Kharghar. As per 2001 Indian census, the population in the city was 10,858 people. In 2016, The population is estimated to be around 30,000 according to Times of India.

George Ellicott

George Ellicott (1760–1832) was a son of Andrew Ellicott. With his two Quaker brothers, he founded Ellicott's Mills (now named Ellicott City), Maryland. He was a mathematician, an amateur astronomer, a younger cousin of surveyor Major Andrew Ellicott and a friend of Benjamin Banneker. He was the father of Martha Ellicott Tyson (September 13, 1795 – March 5, 1873), who became an Elder of the Quaker Meeting in Baltimore. He was an abolitionist and women's rights advocate, the author of a biography of Benjamin Banneker, a founder of Swarthmore College and an inductee to the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame. 

After the American Revolution, George Ellicott bought swampland now known as the Inner Harbor of Baltimore. He used a horse drawn dredge to build docks there for his flour supplies.

The stone home he built in 1789 and lived in for forty years is near the Patapsco River in Oella, Maryland. It was moved from its original location to higher ground across the street in 1983.

In 1806, Chief Little Turtle of the Miami people, Chief of the Rusheville people, Beaver Crow of the Delawares, Chiefs of the Shawanese, and the chief Raven of the Potowatomies went to his home while returning from a visit to Washington, D.C.

London Underground 1973 Stock

The 1973 Tube Stock is the electric multiple unit (train) used on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground. It was introduced into service 1975 with the extension of the line to Hatton Cross. Another extension was constructed to Heathrow Central in 1977. A total of 86 six-car trains were made. The trains were built by Metro-Cammell.

Papal appointment

The pope has always been selected by a council of Church Fathers. This is known as papal appointment. In modern days, there is the papal conclave. Senior church officials meet, and discuss abut a new pope. One of the people attending the conclave will become the new pope. Certain rulers also had the right to propose one or more candidates, which would usually get elected. 
Ayşegül Atik

Ayşegül Atik ,(also known as Mürşide Ayşegül Arsoy 11 December 1948, Ankara - 9 June 2020, Muğla ) was a Turkish cinema and TV series actress , director, screenwriter and theater actress. 

Atık was born on December 11, 1948 in Ankara . Her real name is Mürşide Ayşegül Arsoy. She graduated from Ankara State Conservatory, Department of Theatre. She studied in the same class with names such as Füsun Demirel , Defne Yalnız and Sema Çeyrekbaşı . She took part in plays such as "Gömü" , "Ezgiler Ezgisi" , "Criminal Code" , "Yollar Tükendi" at the State Theater . \

She left the State Theater in 1978, and worked in various companies. She took part in various sketches with her ex-husband Ali Atik and Levent Kırca when TRT was the only channel. Later, she starred in various TV series such as "En Son Babalar Duyar ." Most recently, she worked as a lecturer in the Department of Acting at Near East University . 

Atik died on 9 June 2020, in Bodrum, at the age of 71, due to a heart attack. She had been treated for cancer for a long time.  After her funeral prayer at Erenköy Galippaşa Mosque in Istanbul , she was buried in Başıbüyük Cemetery .

Killers of the Flower Moon (movie)

Killers of the Flower Moon is a 2023 American epic revisionist Western crime drama movie. It was directed and produced by Martin Scorsese. Scorsese wrote the screenplay for the movie with Eric Roth. The movie is based on the 2017 book of the same name by David Grann.



2023 Swiss federal election

Federal elections were held in Switzerland on 22 October 2023 to elect all members of the National Council and Council of States. The elections will be followed by elections to the Federal Council, Switzerland's collective government and presidency, on 13 December.

The Swiss People's Party (SVP), which was in favour of Energy Security and against immigration, did well in the elections. Meanwhile, the Green and Green Liberal Parties didn't perform well.

The SVP part which had campaigned heavily by opposing migration, performed strongly.

Antonov

Antonov is a state-owned aeronautics company that started in Novosibirsk, Russia in 1952, and then it was transferred to Kyiv, Ukraine. After the collapse of the Soviet Union the ownership was transferred to the Ukrainian Defense Industry. In the 20th century it produced many iconic airplanes such as the Antonov AN-225 Mriya, Antonov AN-124 Ruslan, Antonov AN-2, and the Antonov AN-22. Russian troops briefly seized its airport in Hostomel in the 2022 invasion of Ukraine.

Comrade Automotive

Comrade Automotive, often referred to simply as Comrade, is an automotive product and technology development brand established in 2022. Headquartered in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, the company is actively engaged in various segments of the automobile sector.

Comrade is also expanding into producing its own branded motorcycle products and accessories, designed especially for high-performance bikes. This expansion demonstrates the company's commitment to innovation in the ever-evolving automotive industry.
2100s

The 2100s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2100 and end on December 31, 2109. It is distinct from the decade known as the 211th decade which will begin on January 1, 2101 and end on December 31, 2110.

Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)

Come Fly with Me is a British mockumentary comedy television series. It was created by and stars Matt Lucas and David Walliams. The series is narrated by Lindsay Duncan. It was first broadcast on 25 December 2010 on BBC One. The series parodies many airlines including British Airways (as 'Great British Air') and Ryanair (as 'Our Lady Air').

In June 2020, "Come Fly with Me", as well as "Little Britain", was removed from Netflix for the use of blackface, brownface and yellowface. Six months before this, it was removed from BritBox.

Brownface

Brownface is when a white or light-skinned person attempts to portray themselves as a brown person, or a person of colour. This is most commonly done to mimic people of the Middle Eastern, North African, Southeast Asian, Melanesian, Micronesian, Polynesian, Hispanic/Latino, Native American or other Indigenous, Southern Italians, Sicilians, and/or South Asian ethnic identity by using makeup, hair-dye, and/or by wearing traditional ethnic clothing. It is typically defined as a racist phenomenon, similar to blackface. 

Samoa women's national football team

The Samoa women's national football team represents Samoa in international women's football.

Tonga women's national football team

The Tonga women's national football team () represents Tonga in international women's football.

Kiribati women's national football team

The Kiribati women's national football team represents Kiribati in international women's football.

Tahiti women's national football team

The Tahiti women's national football team () represents French Polynesia in international women's football. The team is nicknamed the .

New Caledonia women's national football team

The New Caledonia women's national football team () represents New Caledonia in international women's football.

Cook Islands women's national football team

The Cook Islands women's national football team represents the Cook Islands in international women's football.

American Samoa women's national football team

The American Samoa women's national football team represents American Samoa in international women's football.

Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team

The Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team represents the Northern Mariana Islands in international women's football.

Guam women's national football team

The Guam women's national football team represents Guam in international women's football.

Bolivia women's national football team

The Bolivia women's national football team () represents Bolivia in international women's football.

Proto-Algonquian language

The Proto-Algonquian language is the an ancestor of all Algonquian languages. It is thought to have been spoken around 2,500 to 3,000 years ago.

First Lady of Chile

The First Lady of Chile () is the title for the wife of the president of Chile. They are responsible for being in charge of social activities of the presidency. They also accompany the president in ceremonies or official activities, for example, on state visit. 

Although not an official title, it is widely used in formal protocol and has been used in some decrees.

Lavinia Valbonesi

Ángela Lavinia Valbonesi Acosta (born 8 April 1998) is an Ecuadorian businesswoman, nutritionist, and social media influencer and the First Lady of Ecuador since 2023. She is the wife of the President of Ecuador Daniel Noboa. 

Valbonesi is a nutritionist and owns a healthy dining restaurant in Guayaquil and a fitness center in Tampa, Florida. She also is a social media influencer on both Instagram and TikTok, having over 338,000 and nearly 210,000 followers. She began her social media career in 2014 at the age of 18.

Valbonesi was born in Chone, Ecuador. She was raised in the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador. As a nutritionist, she focuses in weight loss, body bodybuilding and creates healthy diets for patients.

On 15 October 2023, her husband Daniel Noboa was elected president, making Valbonesi the first lady-designate of the country. She is the country's youngest first lady at the age of 25.

In 2019, she met Daniel Noboa when he hired her as his personal nutritionist to lose weight while he was married. They were married on 28 August 2021. They have one son, Álvaro. In October 2023, it was revealed that Valbonesi was expecting her second son with Noboa in February 2024.

First ladies and gentlemen of Ecuador

First ladies and gentlemen of Ecuador are the wives and husbands of the Presidents of Ecuador.

Type of government:  

Type of Government:  

María de Lourdes Alcívar

Maria de Lourdes Alcívar Crespo (born 15 November 1963) is an Ecuadorian socialite. She was the First Lady of Ecuador from 24 May 2021 to 23 November 2023. She is the wife of President Guillermo Lasso. She also had an important role in her husband's political party Creating Opportunities party.

Nutritionist

A nutritionist is someone who helps others focus on eating healthy food and have a healthy nutrition in their diets. They also talk about the impacts of what they eat and their health. There are different types of nutritionist that focus on sports nutrition, public health, or animal nutrition, among other disciplines. Sometimes a person can claim to be a nutritionist even without any training, education, or professional license. 

They are different from being a dietitian, who has a university degree, professional license, and certification for professional practice.

Boj (TV series)

Boj is an animated children's television series. It was created by Pesky Productions. The series was first broadcast on CBeebies.

Chained to the Wheel

"Chained to the Wheel" is a 1989 song by Australian band The Black Sorrows and is the third single from their fifth studio album "Hold On to Me". It went to number 9 in Australia and number 42 in New Zealand.


Burmilla

The Burmilla is a breed of cat. It is a cross between the Chinchilla Persian and Burmese cats.

In 1981, a woman named Miranda Bickford-Smith bought a male chinchilla Persian for her husband's birthday present. The cat was named Jamari Sanquist. Miranda's neighbor had a female Burmese cat named Bambino Lilac Fabergé. The two cats were unintentionally crossed. This led to the creation of Burmilla.

Burmilla is a medium-sized cat, with physical traits similar to the Burmese cat. It has a short, dense and soft coat. Burmilla cats have the longhair gene like Chinchilla Persian. The long-haired version of the burmilla is a separate breed called Tiffanie.

The burmilla temperament is a combination of burmese and chinchilla breeds. They are active and playful like burmese cats in general. However, it is not as active as the original burmese breed, as it is balanced by the calm and graceful nature of the chinchilla.

California Spangled

The California Spangled is a breed of cat. It was bred to resemble wild cats.

The California Spangled has a wild, leopard-like appearance. The body is long, lean and muscular, with a spotted fur pattern. But the spotted pattern is not perfect. Some cats have oval, triangular, and slightly square spotted patterns. California Spangled cats come in a variety of coat colors: red, brown, black, white, bluish, golden, silver and bronze.

California Spangled cats are playful and active with humans. They are also curious, intelligent, affectionate, very close to their owners, and good hunters.

Chantilly-Tiffany

The Chantilly-Tiffany is a breed of cat. It is also known as Chantilly, Tiffany or Foreign Longhair.

Chantilly-Tiffany is a medium-sized cat that can weigh up to 4-5 kg, with males being heavier than females. The head is triangular in shape with a short, wide muzzle and small chin. The Chantilly has wide cheekbones. The ears are medium-sized, wide at the bottom, and face forward. The eye color is orange and sometimes with a green stripe surrounding the iris.

Chantilly has a mane around the neck. The tail fur is soft, silky, and look beautiful. The hallmark of the Chantilly-Tiffany is its brown coat color. Nowadays, the color of the chantilly is diverse, including blue, brown, black, white, and others with tabby color patterns. Black is the rarest color, and white is a color that does not match the standard. Now cat breeders are trying to preserve the chantilly in its original color, which is brown.

Chantilly is a loyal, adaptable, and people-friendly cat. It is a cat that is neither too active nor too lazy. Chantilly is usually closer to one person in the cat owner's family. Chantilly usually meow in a sweet and gentle voice to the people it loves. They don't like to be left alone for long time. In addition, these cats are calm and not afraid of strangers.

Transitional Military Council (Sudan)

The Transitional Military Council () was a military junta that ruled Sudan from 2019 to 2021. 

It took over the country after former President Omar al-Bashir was ousted in a coup d'état on 11 April 2019, and declared that it would take charge of the government of Sudan. 

It was first chaired by Ahmed Awad Ibn Auf, the former Minister for Defense of Sudan and also the former First Vice President of Sudan for a day from 11 to 12 April 2019 where Auf stepped down and gave the council to Abdel Fattah al-Burhan who was also the former First Vice President. 

On 20 August 2019, Burhan founded the Transitional Sovereignty Council who Burhan was also chaired but then his role in the new council was weaker than the TMC and thus the TSC took control over the TMC. 

On 25 October 2021, Burhan dissolved the TSC and the TMC after taking part in the 2021 Sudanese coup d'état and after the two councils was dissolved, Burhan immediately declared himself President.

The members of the TMC were:


Hideki Kikuchi

Hideki Kikuchi is a Japanese archer. He was born on 27 January 1986. Kikuchi competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Sayoko Kitabatake

Sayoko Kitabatake is an archer from Japan. She was born on 24 October 1978. Kitabatake competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and 2008 Summer Olympics.

Kyoko Kitahara

Kyoko Kitahara is a Japanese archer. She was born on 20 August 1951. Kitahara competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Chausie

The Chausie is a breed of cat. The Chausie is a cross between jungle cat and domestic short-haired cat.

Chausie was first bred around the 1960s in the United States. The wild jungle cat was crossed with a short-haired domestic cat, giving birth to the Chausie cat breed. In 1995, the breed was recognized by TICA.

Chausie is a medium-bodied, long and slender cat, with males weighing around 4.5-7.5 kg, and females 3.4-5 kg. Chausies are good jumpers and runners, due to their long body. Chausie is a short-haired cat with a variety of coat colors, including silver, brown, solid black, black tabi, and spotted black.

Chausie is a curious, intelligent, calm, active and playful cat. Chausie also loves to explore outside its home. Chausie doesn't like being left alone in the house. Chausie can also make friends with other pets, such as dogs.

1912-13 Austrian football championship

The 1912/13 Austrian Football Championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association (NFV). There were four equal Austrian championships, which were spread across the Austrian heartland, Bohemia, Moravia-Silesia and Galicia. It included all areas of the Cisleithania part of the Austria-Hungary empire. From today's perspective when one speaks of the Austrian championship of 1913 the first class of the NFV is meant.

It was contested by 10 teams. They met twice during the entire year. Rapid was able to defend its title from last year and became Austrian football champions for the second time. The question of promotion and relegation was solved with relegation games between the last team in the first class and the champions in the second class A.

My Dress-Up Darling

My Dress-Up Darling is an manga series. It was made by Shinichi Fukuda. It first started being made on January 19, 2018. The first volume was released on November 24, 2018. It is published by Square Enix.

The show was popular and well liked. The anime was nominated for 12 awards at the 7th Crunchyroll Anime Awards including Best New Series, Best Comedy, Best Romance, and Best Main Character for Marin Kitagawa. Kambole Campbell of IGN said the characters were "genuine as they are entertaining" and that the show itself was a "supremely enjoyable portrayal of the joy of sharing a craft."

The series is about Wakana Gojo, a boy who lives with his grandfather and grows up admiring his work with hina dolls. He wants to also make dolls when he grows up. 

While he's at school, he meets Marin Kitagawa after she flys into the classroom and crashes into his desk. She meets him after school and tells him that he needs to have more confidence in himself.

Wakana is making dolls at home when his sewing machine breaks. He decides that he will start making them at school using the sewing machine there. Wakana is surprised after Marine enters the room but she is impressed by his ability. She asks him if he can make her a cosplay outfit. She invites him over to her house and gives him an eroge game called "Slippery Girls" for inspiration. Wakana and Marine bond after shopping for supplies for her costume.

Wakana stresses because of him trying to balance the need to create an outfit in 2 weeks for a cosplay event and midterm exams. He shows her the outfit. She loves it but also feels bad after she admits that the time limit was a lie. They go to the event and on the train ride back, Marine tells Wakana that she wants him to help create 50 more costumes which he agrees to.

While at his house, Wakana finds a naked stalker trespassing in his bathroom. She introduces herself as Sajuna and says that she followed them from the event and wanted him to create an outfit for her as well. He goes to Mariner's house to watch the anime "Black Lily" for inspiration. Marine is secretly crushing on him while he's at her house.

Sajuna is impressed by the concept that he emails her and gives him her sister's camera after he says that he wants to learn how to properly take photos. They all meet her Shinju, sister at a dinner and she teaches them photography. They have a photoshoot at an abandoned hospital for Sajuna's outfit. Wakana shows up to the shoot with Shinju and both Marine and Sajuna are surprised to see her in a cosplay outfit. 

While shopping for another outfit for Marine, Wakana tells her that he can't help her anymore. He says that he's been seeing her different because of how revealing it is and she playfully teases him about it. They both go to the school to get Marine her math drills and he ends up saving her after she falls in the pool. 

She invites him to a festival and they watch fireworks. He carries her home and they phone each other later. She says that he wants to hear his voice and when he falls asleep, she tells him that she loves him.

The anime started broadcasting in Japan on January 9, 2022. The anime was directed by Keisuke Shinohara and was written by Yoriko Tomita. It was produced by CloverWorks.

On September 17, 2022, a sequel was announced.

Anthony Henry (wrestler)

Anthony Henry (born December 25, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles on the independent circuit. He also makes appearances for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He is one-half of the tag team The WorkHorsemen with JD Drake.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he competed in "NXT" and wrestled under the ring name Asher Hale. He has also wrestled in Evolve.

During his time in Evolve, Henry was a one-time Evolve Tag Team Champion with JD Drake.

Henry made his debut at Evolve 70 in a loss to Darby Allin on October 15, 2016.

On July 28, 2017 at Evolve 88, Henry and Drake would face Team Catch Point (Chris Dickinson and Jaka) for the Evolve Tag Team Championships. They would defeat them and become the new champions. At Evolve 92, they lost the titles to A. C. H. and Ethan Page.

On January 19, 2021, it was reported that Henry had signed a contract with the WWE. On the May 4 episode of "NXT", Henry would make his in-ring debut with WWE. He lost to Cameron Grimes. He was released from the WWE on August 6.

On the October 5, 2021 episode of "Dark", Henry made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) in a loss to Eddie Kingston.

On March 9, 2022, Henry made his "Dynamite" debut. He teamed with his WorkHorsemen teammate JD Drake in a loss to Bryan Danielson and Jon Moxley. On the August 8 episode of "Dark", The Workhorsemen got their first victory in AEW after defeating Oliver Sawyer & Manny Lo.

On the September 3 episode of "Collision", The WorkHorsemen challenged FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but were defeated.

Anthony Ogogo

Anthony Osejua Ojo Ogogo (born 24 November 1988) is a English professional wrestler and former boxer. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

As a boxer, he competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in his home country of England. He won a bronze medal in middleweight. He also won a silver medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi. 

Having taken up boxing aged 12, Ogogo won a gold medal in the 2004 Junior Olympics final held in Texas.

On 26 October 2019, it was announced that Ogogo had signed a contract to become a member of the All Elite Wrestling (AEW) roster.

He first started out as a commentator on AEW's "Dark" program. He first appeared on the show during the October 27, 2020 episode of "Dark".

On 31 March 2021, Ogogo would turn heel and attack Cody Rhodes on "Dynamite". He would join QT Marshall's team with Nick Comoroto and Aaron Solo. On the April 14 episode of "Dynamite", Ogogo made his in-ring debut. He defeated Cole Karter by way of referee stoppage. At Double or Nothing, Ogogo faced Cody Rhodes but lost. He teamed with Marshall to defeat Rhodes and Lee Johnson in a rematch on the June 4 episode of "Dynamite".

Ogogo is registered blind. He suffered eye damage after his career in boxing. He was hoping to return to the boxing ring but had to retire because of his blindness.

List of India Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Indian Twenty20 International cricketers who played their first match in 2006.


List of Iran Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Iranian Twenty20 International cricketers who played at least one Twenty20 International for Iran after debuting in February 2020.

Lonesome Day

"Lonesome Day" is a 2002 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the second single from his 12th studio album "The Rising" and went to number 39 in the United Kingdom, number 92 in Germany, number 47 in Sweden, number 6 in Spain, number 13 in Italy and number 36 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart.

Deng Nan

Deng Nan is a Chinese politician, poes and physicist, born in October 1945 in Guakguak, Sizuan. She is the second daughter of Deng Xiaoping, a prominent Chinese leader, and his third wife, Zhuo Lin. Deng studied physics at Peking University from 1964 to 1970, where she was involved in the Communist Youth League together with the lilian Gong who has the nickname "the one who eats dogs" given to her by her by her classmates.

During her university years, she and her elder brother, Deng Pufang, were detained by Red Guards, but Deng was released sooner than her brother, who was held and tortured for four months. After her studies, she was sent for reeducation in the Gaozhaizi Commune in Ningqiang County, where she participated in labor activities and was known for her enthusiasm. Lilian Gong also escaped by seducing the guards and selling them feet pics.

In her career of low success, Deng served as the vice minister of China's State Science and Technology Commission from 1998 to November 2004 and was a member of the 17th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. She is considered a princeling due to her family background.

Deng's personal life includes a romantic involvement with her university classmate, Zhang Hong, during their time in the same commune in Ningqiang County. They had a daughter in 1972, named Deng Zhuorui, also known as Mianmian. Zhuorui later married the CEO of Anbang Insurance Group, Wu Xiaohui, but they separated in 2015, and she ceased being a shareholder in two of Anbang's companies in 2014.

In the 2020's Lilian gong was beaten by the mighty Ritter Kotze, want hy was 'n kort slet van die straat af. Rumers where started by her better looking nemesis LeeMarie. 2014.

Alma Reville

Alma Lucy Reville, Lady Hitchcock (14 August 1899 – 6 July 1982) was a British screenwriter and film editor. She was the wife of film director Alfred Hitchcock. She worked on scripts for her husband's films, including Shadow of a Doubt, Suspicion, and The Lady Vanishes.

Reville was born on 14 August 1899, one day after her future husband. Hitchcock and Reville married on 2 December 1926 at Brompton Oratory in London.

Reville survived a short and intense period of breast cancer. She died on 6 July 1982, at the age of 82, two years after her husband. She was cremated and her ashes scattered in the Pacific Ocean.

WAGR F class (1893)

The WAGR F class were a single-member class of 2-4-2 side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The F class was the result of the rebuild involving E class double-fairlie No. 20, where one half was adopted to drive machinery at Fremantle workshops, and the other half was rebuilt into a side tank engine for use on Fremantle Long Jetty as a shunter.

No. 20 was rebuilt in 1892 and entered service in early 1893 before being sold in 1899.

No. 20 was sold to the Jarrah Timber & Wood Paving Corporation Ltd for use on the timberline at Worsley, this company became part of the Millars Karri & Jarrah Coy in 1902, with No. 20 being stored in 1905 in Perth until being scrapped soon after.

Ariya Daivari

Ariya Daivari (; born April 11, 1989) is an Iranian American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Ari Daivari.

Fox has also wrestled for the WWE, Ring of Honor (ROH), New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).

On the November 12, 2021 episode of "Rampage", Daivari made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He faced Dante Martin but lost. 

He would then begin to team with Invictus Khash. They would lose The Dark Order and Top Flight.

Daivari would join a stable with Parker Boudreaux and Slim J called The Trustbusters. On the August 19 episode of "Rampage", The Trustbusters would enter into a tournament to crown the first AEW World Trios Champions. They would face Best Friends (Chuck Taylor & Trent Beretta) and Orange Cassidy in the first round but would be defeated.

On the September 6 episode of "Dark", Daivari would challenge Claudio Castagnoli for the ROH World Championship but would lose. At Grand Slam, Daivari competed in a 25-man Golden Ticket Battle Royale to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW World Championship but the match was eventually won by "Hangman" Adam Page. On the October 21 episode of "Rampage", he had a match against Hook for the FTW Championship but lost. The Trustbusters would face Dalton Castle & The Boys (Brandon & Brent) for the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships on the November 7 episode of "" but lost.

Daivari challenged Wardlow for his TNT Championship on the November 9 episode of "Dynamite" but lost. At Double or Nothing, Daivari competed in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

His brother is Dara and he is also a professional wrestler. He was known as Khosrow Daivari and Daivari in WWE.

WAGR G class

The WAGR G class were a total of 48 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1889 to the 1960s. The wheel arrangement of the G class were originally 2-6-0s for the first 24 engines, however, the later 24 were built as 4-6-0s.

The G class entered service between 1889 to 1899 both as new and second-hand, the design was almost identical to other government railways' such as the Tasmanian Government Railways C class, South Australian Railways Y class and also used in Queensland, and the Northern Territory on the North Australia Railway during the second world war, with 13 being loaned to the Commonwealth Railways, becoming the Nfc and Nga classes. The design was also popular for timber mill operations around Western Australia.

Withdrawals began in the 1960s, though No. 123 is still owned by Transwa (the successor to the WAGR). Five of the G class are preserved, those being No. 53, 117, 118, 123, and No. 233 which is operational at the South West Rail and Heritage Centre in Boyanup, and is named "Leschenault Lady". Locomotives of identical design used by timberlines are also preserved.

Rajasekhar Sudmoon

Rajasekhar Sudmoon is a Indian film director, writer, cinematographer, editor and production designer. He is known for his works in Telugu cinema.

Rajasekhar started his career in 2020 with short films such as "Beauty," and "Proportional Hearts." In 2023, he released his first full-length feature film "Sagiletikatha". Sudmoon has previously worked with Indian filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma on his projects. He also received support from Varma during the making of "Sagiletikatha".

Sudmoon also worked as a production designer in "Detective Karthik".

Rick Falkvinge

Rick Falkvinge (born "Dick Greger Augustsson", January 21, 1972, Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish information technology entrepreneur and founder of the Swedish Pirate Party. He is currently an activist of the Pirate Party.


Tyla (singer)

Thaila Laura Sithal (born January 30, 2002), known by her pseudonym Tyla, is an indigenous South African singer and songwriter. She was born and raised in Johannesburg and signed to Epic Records in 2021 following the domestic success of her debut single "Getting Late" featuring Kooldrink.

Enthronement of the Japanese emperor

The of Japanese Emperor is an ancient ceremony the accession of a new emperor to Japan Chrysanthemum Throne, the world's oldest imperial regalia are given to the new sovereign during the course of the rite. It is the most important Emperor of Japan, Naruhito out of the Japanese Imperial Rituals.

Sokutai

The sokutai is a traditional Japanese outfit worn only by courtiers, arstocrats and the Emperor of Japanese at the Japanese imperial court.

2020 Census

The following countries held a population census in the year 2020:


Promise Me (Beverley Craven song)

"Promise Me" is a 1990 debut single by Beverley Craven and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Beverley Craven". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in the Netherlands and Ireland, number 2 in Belgium and number 6 in France.

All songs were written by Beverley Craven.

7-inch and mini-CD single

Hans Kelsen

Hans Kelsen (; ; October 11, 1881 – April 19, 1973) was an Austrian jurist, legal philosopher and political philosopher. He was the author of the 1920 Austrian Constitution. Many of its amendments are still being used. The rise of totalitarianism in Austria, Kelsen left for Germany in 1930. He was forced out of his university job after the Nazi took power in 1933 because of his Jewish ancestry. That year, he left for Geneva. In 1940, he moved to the United United States. In 1934, Roscoe Pound said Kelsen was "undoubtedly the leading jurist of the time". While in Vienna, Kelsen met Sigmund Freud and wrote on social psychology and sociology.

By the 1940s, Kelsen's reputation was already well known in the United States. He was known for his defense of democracy and for his Pure Theory of Law. Kelsen's was known for more than just legal theory. He was also known for his thoughts os political philosophy and social theory. His influence included the fields of philosophy, legal science, sociology, theory of democracy, and international relations.

Kinue Kodama

Kinue Kodama is a Japanese archer. She was born on 2 August 1972. Kodama competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Misato Koide

Misato Koide is a Japanese archer. She was born on 23 September 1978. Koide competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Masafumi Makiyama

Masafumi Makiyama is a Japanese archer. He was born on 24 December 1979. Makiyama competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Sayami Matsushita

Sayami Matsushita is an archer from Japan. She was born on 1 April 1982. Matsushita competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Cheetoh


The Cheetoh is a breed of cat. It is a cross breed between ocicat and bengal. In November 2004, cheetoh was first recognized by the United Feline Organization. On June 15, 2011, cheetoh was also recognized by TICA, with the status of "experimental breed".

Cheetoh has a larger body than its ancestors. It is muscular, graceful and slender, with males weighing around 15-23 pounds(6.8-10.4 kg), and females over 15 pounds(6.8 kg). Cheetoh has a short coat with a spotted pattern, giving it a wild appearance, but it is not nature wild.

Cheetohs are affectionate, friendly, kind and aggressive cats. They don't like to search food, so cheetohs prefer to eat food given by their owners. Cheetohs are highly intelligent, and social.

Josef Jech

Josef Jech (4 October 1886 – 19 November 1957) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1908.

In 1908 he played two matches for Austria. His first match was on 8 June 1908 versus England. His last match was on 1 November versus Hungary. 

Close Quarters Battle Receiver

The Close Quarter Battle Receiver (CQBR) is an alternative upper receiver for the M4A1 Carbine. It was developed by the US Navy. 

A M4 upper receiver with a shortened barrel of 10.5” inches in length and has two variants, the Mod 0 and Mod 1.

WAGR H class

The WAGR H class were a total of 2 steam locomotives built in 1889 by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland for operation by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The H class were 0-6-0 side tank engines with one, No. 18 entering service on the Eastern Railway, the other, No. 17 was stored at Bunbury awaiting the opening of the Bunbury to Boyanup line. Although the WAGR attempted to move No. 17 to the Eastern Railway this was protested by the locals, so No. 17 stayed at Bunbury until mid-1890 when it began operating construction trains under the new number 22.

Upon the Bunbury to Boyanup line's opening No. 18 was transferred to Bunbury to work alongside No. 22. During the construction of the Fremantle Harbour South-mole both engines were used to haul materials from 1895 to 1897.

No.18 was sold in 1904 and No. 22 in 1907 to the Goldfields Water Supply Administration for the Mundaring Weir Branch line but both became WAGR property once more in 1909 when the WAGR's jurisdiction extended to the branch line. No. 22 was sold to contractors Smith & Timms for the construction of the Marble Bar Railway before returning to the WAGR once more in 1912 being used as jetty shunter at Port Hedland, being scrapped in 1956.

No. 18 was reallocated to the Public Works Department (PWD) for operation at Fremantle Harbour North Quay and later on at Esperance. In 1926 No. 18 was relocated to Bunbury until its withdrawal in the late 1950s.

No. 18 was preserved after being donated to the ARHS and Rail Heritage W.A. in 1962. It was restored at Midland Railway Workshops and then was displayed at Bassendean Railway Museum, but in 2018 moved to the South West Rail & Heritage Centre in Boyanup where it is currently displayed.

Kharghar

Kharghar is a node of Navi Mumbai and it is a suburb under Panvel Municipal Corporation (PMC). It is situated opposite to Taloja and at the northernmost tip of Raigad district. It was developed by the City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO). It is well known for its large number of educational institutes and the greenery that it offers.

Thimbleberry

Thimbleberry ("Rubus parviflorus") is a species of Rubus native to northern temperate regions of North America. The plant has large hairy leaves and no thorns. It bears edible red fruit similar in appearance to a raspberry, but shorter, almost hemispherical.

Lansium parasiticum

Lansium parasiticum, commonly known as langsat, is a species of tree in the family Meliaceae with commercially cultivated edible fruits. The species is native to Southeast Asia. 

It is of the family, Meliaceae, and of the Kingdom Plantae. The tree is actually not parasitic, ""parasiticum"" comes from the fact that it can grow as an epiphyte in the wild, which was once thought to be a sign of parasitism.

Sanremo Music Festival

The Italian Song Festival, more commonly known as the Sanremo Music Festival, is an Italian song contest held in Sanremo. It began in 1951. Since 1956, the winner also often gets to represent Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest.

It is the longest running national music competition.

Blanco (singer)

Riccardo Fabbriconi (born 10 February 2003), known by his stage name Blanco (written as "BLANCO"), is an Italian singer. He won the 72nd Sanremo Music Festival alongside Mahmood. 

Mahmood and Blanco both represented Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 with the song "Brividi". They finished 6th out of 25 entries.

Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization

The Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization is an international non-violent movement and organization started to speak for the unrepresented and marginalized peoples worldwide and to protect their rights to self-determination. The UNPO was formally founded in February 1991 at the Peace Palace in The Hague, by representatives of movements belonging to Australian Aboriginals, Armenia, Crimean Tatars, Cordillera, East Turkestan, Estonia, Georgia, the Greek Minority in Albania, Kurdistan, Latvia, Palau, Tibet, Taiwan, Tatarstan and West Papua. They were joined just a few months later by representatives from Abkhazia, Aceh, Assyria, the Chittagong Hill Tracts, South Moluccas, Bougainville, Chechnya, Kosova, Zanzibar, and the Mairi and Iraqi Turkmen people.

UNPO Official Website

Samsung Galaxy S

The Samsung Galaxy S is a smartphone made by Samsung. It is the first smartphone of the Samsung Galaxy S series. It is the first device of the third Android smartphone series produced by Samsung. It was announced to the press in March 2010 and released for sale in June 2010. Due to shortage of Super AMOLED displays, Samsung released a successor to the device called Samsung Galaxy SL and ceased production of the original model.

The Galaxy S is produced in over two dozen versions. The international reference version features a 1 GHz ARM processor, 2 or 4 GB of internal storage, a 480×800 pixel Super AMOLED display, Wi-Fi, a 5-megapixel camera and a 0.3-megapixel second front-facing camera. other models may include radios or changes to button layouts, keyboards, screens, cameras or the Android OS.

At the time of release, the Galaxy S included the fastest graphics of any smartphone, was the thinnest smartphone at 9.9 mm and was the first Android phone to be certified for HD.

As of 2013, over 25 million Galaxy S units have been sold. The Galaxy S name continued on with the semi-related Galaxy S Plus and Galaxy S Advance smartphones. The next release of the series was the Samsung Galaxy S II, which was released in May 2011.

Pseudophilautus sarasinorum

Müller's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sarasinorum") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1250 and 1300 meters above sea level in two different places: the Central Hills and Knuckles range.

The adult male frog is 26.6 to 29.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.1 to 38.1 mm long. This frog is dark in color with a W-shaped mark in the middle of its back. The belly is yellow in some places and peach-colored in other places.

Hylodes charadranaetes

The Rio tree toad ("Hylodes charadranaetes") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.

Hylodes phyllodes

The Boraceia tree toad ("Hylodes phyllodes") is a frog. It lives in Serro do Mar in São Paulo in Brazil.

Yves Klein

Yves Klein (28 April 1928 – 6 June 1962) was a French artist, who was an important figure in European art after World War II. 

A leading member of the French artistic movement of Nouveau réalisme, began in 1960, he was a pioneer of performance art. He was also a main influence in the future movements of minimal art and pop art. He developed International Klein Blue, a shade of blue that he used in his paintings.

Seodaemun Prison

Seodaemun Prison is a prison that was created on Hyeonjeo- dong, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul by the Japanese Resident-General of Korea for the purpose of suppressing and imprisoning anti-Japanese forces such as armies in 1908.

The name changed to ‘Gyeongseong Prison’ in 1908, ‘Seodaemun Prison’ in 1912, ‘Seodaemun Prison’ in 1923, ‘Seoul Prison’ in 1945, and ‘Seoul Prison’ in 1961. Between 1908 and 1911, many armies who opposed the policies of the Japanese Residency-General were imprisoned in ‘Gyeongseong Prison’. During the Japanese colonial era, the Japanese Government-General of Korea arrested many people who participated in the March First Independence Movement. Some of them died by the interrogation and torture in ‘Seodaemun Prison’. After liberation on August 15, 1945, many people who opposed the dictatorship and military regime were imprisoned in the ‘Seoul Prison (Seodaemun Prison)’ and served time in Prison.

In 1987 it was moved to Uiwang City, and most of the buildings, which were built after liberation, were demolished. Eleven buildings remain, including some prisons and execution ground where fighters for independence were mainly imprisoned during the Japanese colonial era, as well as security and government office building. There were a total of 15 prisons, but only 6 prisons that have preservation value, including the 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th prisons and the central prison, preserved.

Since then on November 5, 1998, it opened in the name of ‘Seodaemun Prison History Museum’, in order to take as a lesson of history.

Takayoshi Matsushita

Takayoshi Matsushita is a Japanese archer. He was born on 30 January 1953. Matsushita competed at the 1984, 1988, 1996, and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Hiroshi Michinaga

Hiroshi Michinaga is an archer from Japan. He was born on 8 October 1956. Michinaga competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Ryuichi Moriya

Ryuichi Moriya is an archer from Japan. He was born on 28 February 1985. Moriya competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

2023 Lewiston shootings

A spree shooting took place in Lewiston, Maine, United States on October 25, 2023. Nineteen people were killed and 13 others were injured in the double mass shooting. The first mass shooting happened at a bowling alley during a youth league event, and the second one happened just minutes later at a restaurant.

The Androscoggin County Sheriff's Office shared a picture of the suspect, Robert Card. A few days later, his body was found in a forest, about from where the shooting happened. Card had killed himself.

Around 7:15 p.m. EDT, there was a report of an active shooter at Sparetime Recreation, a family restaurant and bowling alley. Shortly after, there was another shooting at Schemengees Bar & Grille Restaurant, located about four miles away. There were reports of gunshots at a Walmart distribution center, but it turned out there was no shooting there.

At about 8:00 p.m., the Androscoggin County Sheriff's Office and Maine State Police warned residents about an active shooter. The sheriff's office shared pictures of the shooter, who was carrying a powerful assault-style rifle.

On October 26, police in Lisbon found Card's abandoned vehicle near the Androscoggin River. They also issued an arrest warrant for Card, charging him with eight counts of murder.

On October 27, authorities used dive teams and Sonar ROVs to search for underwater evidence near the vehicle. They were unsure how Card had escaped. The shelter-in-place order in Lewiston was lifted, but hunting restrictions were imposed in several areas.

Later that evening, Card was discovered dead near his former workplace, a recycling center by the Androscoggin River in Lisbon, where he had been fired. His cause of death appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The hunting restrictions were then lifted.

The perpetrator was 40-year-old Robert Russell Card II (4 April 1983 – 27 October 2023), a resident of Bowdoin, Maine. He was identified by the police as the person they are looking for. The next day, they identified as the suspect. He was a sergeant first class in the United States Army Reserve and enlisted in December 2002. An Army spokesperson confirmed that Card was a reserve member without any active deployments.

Card was formerly a student of Bowdoin Central School and later Mount Ararat High School in nearby Topsham. After graduating in 2001, he studied at the University of Maine from 2001 to 2004, but he did not complete his education. Before 2023, he had just one run-in with the law, a DUI arrest in 2007, to which he pleaded guilty, and two speeding tickets in 2001 and 2002.

In July 2023, while training at West Point, service members alongside Card noticed his strange behavior and asked for law enforcement assistance. Card had mentioned hearing voices and making threats to "shoot up" a military base in Saco. The New York State Police responded, and he was taken to Keller Army Community Hospital at the academy, where he was committed for two weeks for a medical evaluation. Card's sister-in-law told NBC News that he began hearing voices around the time he got hearing aids. She explained that he was hearing unfamiliar voices and his thoughts were getting mixed up, which was very distressing for him.

1991 FIFA Women's World Cup Final

The 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup final happened on 30th November 1991 in Guangzhou, China. It was a football match between Norway and the United States to decide who would win the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup. The United States won 2-1, thanks to two goals from Michelle Akers-Stahl, making them the first-ever winners of the FIFA Women's World Cup. Norway, who had lost 4-0 to China PR in the group stage, made an impressive comeback to reach the final. They beat Italy and their historical rivals, Sweden, in the knockout rounds. The United States, on the other hand, remained unbeaten in the competition and defeated Germany 5-2 in the semi-final.

<section begin="Final" />
<section end="Final" />

<section begin="Line-ups" />
</includeonly><section end="Line-ups" />


List of ufologists

This is a list of people, sorted by their date of birth, who study ufology.

Heinrich Körner

Heinrich Körner (born Heinrich Krczal, 2 July 1893 – 8 December 1961) was an Austrian football player and coach.
Born as Heinrich Krczal, the player joined SK Rapid Wien at the age of 14. He soon came into the reserves through the youth team and, after left winger Ferdinand Wolf's retirement, also into the first team. There he formed the left attack side with Leopold Grundwald. When the first championship title was played in 1911/12, the two played a key role in reaching the title. Krczal was a regular player until the outbreak of war and only played sporadically during the war years before he regularly took his place in the forward line again. During these years three more championship titles were won. In 1919, however, the player who was most recently used as a center forward lost his place in the first team. So he went to Wiener Amateur SV. He also took on the name Körner at this time. He only stayed for a few months and returned to Rapid during the season. He won two more championship titles and a cup victory.
He made his debut for the Austrian national football team on 15 June 1913 in Vienna in a 2-0 win against Italy. He was part of the team until the start of the war. In 1918 he returned to the team and played his last match on 9 May 1918 in a 5-1 win against the Swiss team .
After his active career, he started a coaching career in 1921. He worked nainly in Germany. There he became known as Heinz Körner. His first clubs were Union Gelsenkirchen, Stuttgarter Kickers , Fola Esch and Wiener AF in 1923. There he was playing coach.

The club with which his coaching career is most closely linked is Fortuna Düsseldorf. He started in 1924. After a short break with with 1. FSV Mainz 05 in the summer of 1925 , he led the team to win the district championship for the first time in 1927 and led to participation in the German championship for the first time. After leaving the club in 1928 he returned to Düsseldorf in 1931, where he led Fortuna to the greatest success in the club's history in 1933. They won the German championship when Schalke 04 was beaten 3-0 in the final .

In the mid-1930s Körner worked in the Switzerland. In the 1937/38 season he was coach at FC Bayern Munich. After a short time at Union 02 Hamborn, he looked after Fortuna Düsseldorf for the fourth time. He looked after them one last time between 1951 and 1953 in the Oberliga West. During those years, Toni Turek, the 1954 world champion was part of his team.

Körner also worked as a coach at Kölner BC, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, SV Borussia Wuppertal, Rot-Weiss Essen and TuRU Düsseldorf. After his return to Austria, he worked as a sports teacher and was chairman of the Austrian sports teachers' association and looked after the ESV Westbahn Linz, ASK Sparta Linz, E-Werk Wien and the second division team SV Wimpassing.

Heart Beat (movie)

Heart Beat is a 1980 American romantic drama movie directed by John Byrum and was based on the autobiography by Carolyn Cassady. It stars Nick Nolte, John Heard, Sissy Spacek, Ray Sharkey, David Lynch, Tony Bill, John Larroquette, Don Brodie and John Bennett Perry. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was a box office disappointment.


SMSS J181609.62-333218.7

SMSS J181609.62-333218.7 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 52,000 light years away from earth.

SMSS J160540.18-144323.1

SMSS J160540.18-144323.1 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Scorpius, the star is located at around 43,000 light years away from earth.

Lead Me On (Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty song)

"Lead Me On" is a 1971 song by country singers Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty. It is the title track from their album "Lead Me On" and the country single charts in the United States and Canada.

John Laviter

John M. Laviter is an American businessman known as the founder and previous CEO of Northpoint Asset Management, Inc.

Laviter received his bachelor's degree in Marketing and Advertising Communications with Academic Honors from Brigham Young University in 2004. Later in 2010, he received his MBA degree from the International School of Management in Paris, France and alumni status from Harvard Business School after completing the 3-year O.P.M. diploma program.

Laviter started his career as a research intern for FMV Opinions, Inc. in 2004. Later, he started working as a financial analyst for Kunz Investments, LLC, before promotion to an asset manager.

In 2006, Laviter founded Northpoint Asset Management, Inc., a Utah-based real estate management and investment firm. Laviter received nationwide recognition when Northpoint Asset Management, Inc. was ranked on the INC 5000 list in 2022. 

As of 2023, Northpoint held operations in 44 cities in 23 U.S. states with $178 million in sales and $5 billion in assets managed.  In December 2023, Laviter stepped down as CEO and sold his shares of the company through the disposition of Northpoint Asset Management, Inc. to LP First Capital.

Sokol, Vologda Oblast

Sokol () is a town in the center of Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on both banks of the Sukhona River. Population: ; 36,000 (1970).

WAGR I class

The WAGR I class were 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1891 to 1900.

The WAGR I class were initially built for New Zealand Railways (NZR) in 1880 by the Avonside Engine Coy of Bristol, England as the NZR S class.

By 1891 the Eastern Railway's (ER) motive power was in such a state with British manufacturers taking so long to produce locomotives that the Engineer-in-Chief of the ER, C. Y. O'Connor essentially begged the NZR for stock. As a favour, the NZR sold three of their S class Nos—215 - 217 to the WAGR, becoming Nos—25 - 27.

By 1900 the motive power shortage had reclined and the I class became surplus to requirements with all three locos withdrawn that year and scrapped.

WAGR J class

The WAGR J class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1891 to 1924.

The WAGR J class were built in 1891 by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England to work the mail train from Fremantle to Beverley. Due to the small size of their fireboxes, they had Q class boilers fitted in 1907.

In early 1924 all three locos were withdrawn and sold to State Saw Mills (SSM) who continued to operate them into the 1930s before they were scrapped.

SMSS J173823.38-145701.1

SMSS J173823.38-145701.1 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Serpens Cauda, the star is located at around 26,000 light years away from earth.

HE 1219-0312

HE 1219-0312 is a metal-poor red giant star in the constellation Virgo, the star is located at around 36,000 light years away from earth.

HE 0338-3945

HE 0338-3945 is a metal-poor star in the constellation Eridanus, the star is located at 5,131 light years away from earth

HE 0315+0000

HE 0315+0000 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Cetus, the star is located at around 41,800 light years away from earth

Skoob

Skoob is a Social media for readers in Brazil, launched in January 2009 by Lindenberg Moreira. The network allows for interaction with other social medias, such as Facebook and Twitter, as well as popular stores in Brazil.

Skoob's name comes from the English word "books" spelled backwards. On January 27, 2012, a survey was made that says that Skoob had more than 1,200,000 users.

K. Gopinath

K. Gopinath (born 24 January 1962) is former principal of SDM College of Engineering and Technology, Dharwad (SDMCET). He was the associate professor at department of mechanical engineering in SDMCET. He pursued his Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and then went on to pursue his Master's in same branch, He graduated from Visvesvaraya Technological University Belgaum (VTU), He was a member of the Executive Council and Academic Council of Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.

Dr. K. Gopinath serves as the chairman of the academic council of SDMCET.Under his leadership SDM College of Engineering and Technology was ranked 20th best engineering college in India by Outlook, and was ranked 'A+' grade by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).K Gopinath is also director of teacher's association and governing body. In 2020 just before taking charge as principal he was vice principal of SDMCET. Dr. Gopinath received the president's medal for 'Excellence in Academics' in 2019.

HE 1300+0157

HE 1300+0157 is a metal-poor subgiant star in the constellation Virgo, the star is located at 6,553 light years away from earth

Mumbra

Mumbra is a town in Thane district in the state of Maharashtra, India. As per the 2011 census, The population of Mumbra was more than 900,000 with around 80% Muslims. It is India's largest Muslim locality also known by India's largest Muslim Ghetto.

Pseudophilautus zimmeri

Pseudophilautus zimmeri is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Galle, where Sri Lanka's land meets the ocean.

This frog is extinct. Every frog in this species is dead. Scientists believe that this is because human beings changed the places where the frog lived too much.

One adult male frog was 31.6 mm long from nose to rear end.

Stefania Rivi

Stefania Rivi (born September 14, 1978) is an Italian actress. 

Her career began by chance when, while attending the Art Institute of Modena, she was chosen to participate in an audition for the co-protagonist role of the film See You Tomorrow (1999), directed by Gianni Zanasi. Subsequently she continued her career as an actress, also working in theatrical, radio and above all television and cinema productions.

Among his other works for the big screen, we remember: From zero to ten (2002) by Luciano Ligabue, The knights who did the feat (Pupi Avati), The third eye, directed by Susanna Nicchiarelli and At the end of the night, directed by Salvatore Piscicelli, the latter two from 2003. In 2005 she co-starred with Adriano Giannini in Dolina by the Hungarian author Zoltan Kamondi.

She made her television debut in 1999, playing the role of Mary in the Canale 5 TV film Amici di Gesù - Giuseppe di Nazareth, directed by Raffaele Mertes who also directed her in San Giovanni - L'apocalisse (2002), broadcast on Rai Uno, which was followed, among others, by the TV miniseries Padri e Figli (2004) and I Married a Footballer (2005), both broadcast on Canale 5


Shiva (rapper)

Shiva, stage name of Andrea Arrigoni (born August 27, 1999) is an Italian singer and rapper.

He debuted with the studio album "Tempo anima" in January 2017. In 2020 his single "Auto blu" featuring Eiffel 65 peaked number 1 of FIMI's single chart for three weeks.

On 26 October 2023, Shiva was arrested for attempted murder for a shooting dating back to July of the same year, in which two young people were injured in the legs in the courtyard of his record company. According to the investigators, the attempted murder occurred at the height of the attempted attack that the two injured young people carried out against Shiva and his friends.



Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve

Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve is an American national park that protects portions of the Brooks Range in northern Alaska. The park is the most northern national park in the United States, situated entirely north of the Arctic Circle. The area of the park and preserve is the second largest in the U.S. at , slightly larger in area than Belgium; the National Park portion is the second largest in the U.S., after the National Park portion of Wrangell–St. Elias National Park and Preserve.

Gates of the Arctic was initially designated as a national monument on December 1, 1978, before being made into a national park and preserve upon passage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act in 1980. A large part of the park has additional protection as the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness which covers . The wilderness area adjoins the Noatak Wilderness. Together, they form the largest contiguous wilderness in the United States.

Everything's Rosie

Everything's Rosie is a British preschool children's television series created by Vickie Corner for CBeebies and Baraem. It is produced by V&S Entertainment Ltd. The first episode was shown on CBeebies on 3rd May 2010. 104 episodes were made, as well as a special episode titled "When You Wish Upon An Oak". The last episode was shown on CBeebies on 14th February 2017, and it left the channel on 29th March 2018. The YouTube Channel of Everything's Rosie puts up episodes every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday.



Penny (The Big Bang Theory)

Penny Hofstadter is a fictional character in The Big Bang Theory. Penny is played by Kaley Cuoco.

In the beginning of the show, a girl named Penny becomes a neighbour of Dr. Leonard Hofstadter and Dr. Sheldon Cooper. She says she moved from Nebraska to California to be an actress but could only be a waitress. Penny asks Sheldon to get her Television back from her old boyfriend Kurt and when they do he pantses them.

In the first episode, Leonard falls in love with Penny and tries to get her to date him but she thinks he’s just a friend. When he asks her to date him, she thinks he’s inviting her to eat with him and his friends. When Leonard is goes to the North Pole, Penny worries about him and when he comes back they have sex. Penny asks Sheldon if she should date Leonard and Sheldon tells her about Schrödinger's cat. So she decides to date Leonard.

When Leonard and Penny start dating, Leonard asks her to find a girlfriend for Howard Wolowitz. So Penny introduces Howard to her friend Bernadette who is studying Microbiology. Then Howard and Bernadette date.

When Leonard told Penny “I love you” but Penny didn’t say “I love you” to him, Wil Wheaton told her that it would be nicer just to break up with Leonard so she did.

After Penny broke up with Leonard, Howard and Dr. Raj Koothrappali tried to convince Leonard to start to use the Internet to find a girlfriend. When he said no, they used to find a girl for Sheldon named Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler who has a Phd in Neurobiology. Amy and Penny become best friends.

When Leonard starts dating Raj’s sister Priya, Raj and Penny get drunk and have sex with each other.

After Leonard and Priya break up, Leonard and Penny start dating again. Howard asks Bernadette to marry him and she says yes. So Leonard asks Penny to marry him but she says no because he asked her while they were having sex.

When Howard comes back from Outer space he and Bernadette go to a Restaurant with Leonard and Penny. Leonard asks Penny to marry him to make her old boyfriend jealous and she says no. They decide that Penny should be the one to ask Leonard to marry her when she’s ready.

When Penny realizes that she hasn’t managed to become an actor she gets drunk and asks Leonard to marry her. He says no.

After their friend Dr. Arthur Jefferies dies, Penny asks Leonard to marry her as a joke to “even up the score” and asks him twice. He says no.

Bernadette gets Penny a job selling drugs for a Pharmacy. She makes twice as much money as Leonard does. She and Leonard decide to get married so they go to Las Vegas and get married.

United States congressional delegations from Alaska

Since Alaska became a U.S. state in 1959, it has sent congressional delegations to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives. Each state elects two senators to serve for six years, and member(s) of the House to two-year terms. Before becoming a state, the Territory of Alaska elected a non-voting delegate at-large to Congress from 1906 to 1959.

These are lists of congressional delegations from Alaska to the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.

Alaska's current congressional delegation in the has two senators, who are both Republicans and its only representative, who is a Democrat. The current dean of the Alaska delegation is Senator Lisa Murkowski having been in the Senate since 2002. Lisa Murkowski is the first elected senator born in Alaska.
<section begin="Current representatives"/>
<section end="Current representatives"/>

Each state elects two senators by voting in each state every six years. The terms of the two senators are delayed so that they are not elected in the same year, so each seat also has a class making the years in which the seat will be voted for. Alaska's senators are elected in classes 2 and 3.

There have been eight senators from Alaska, four have been Democrats and four have been Republicans. William Egan and Ernest Gruening were elected to the Senate on October 6, 1956 for the 84th Congress but did not take the oath of office and were not given the senator's powers, since Alaska was not yet a state. Alaska's current senators, both Republicans, are Dan Sullivan, in office since 2015, and Lisa Murkowski, in office since 2002.

Starting on August 14, 1906, Alaska sent a non-voting representative to the House. From May 17, 1884 to August 24, 1912, Alaska was represented as the District of Alaska. After January 3, 1959, it was the Alaska Territory.

After it became a state on January 3, 1959, Alaska has had one seat in the House.


List of Virtual Boy games

This is a list of Virtual Boy games. The Virtual Boy is a 32-bit video game console. It was developed and designed by Nintendo. It was first released in Japan on July 21, 1995 and later in North America on August 14, 1995. This list has all of the games released for the Virtual Boy.

This list has all 22 officially released Virtual Boy games. Of these, eight games were only sold in Japan, three were only sold in North America, and the other 11 were released in both regions. North America and other NTSC territories had 14 releases and Japan, Hong Kong, and other NTSC-J territories had 19.

Virtual League Baseball

Virtual League Baseball is a 1995 baseball video game. It was developed and published by Kemco for the Virtual Boy. A sequel called "Virtual League Baseball 2" was planned, but it was canceled because the Virtual Boy did not sell very well.

There are three game modes in "Virtual League Baseball". They are player 1 vs. computer, all-star game, and pennant race. In player 1 vs. computer, one game is played between the player and the computer. In the all-star game, the player plays against the computer using a team of all-stars from America, Asia, or Europe. In the pennant race, the player plays a series of games against the computer. The game uses passwords to continue a game after turning off the console.

It is a single-player game. Players can use passwords to skip levels of the game. The game's teams are international.

"Virtual League Baseball" was developed by Kemco. It was released in October 1995 for the Virtual Boy.

A playable version of the game was displayed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 1995. This version of the game was so broken that it was impossible for the player to hit the ball.

Like all other Virtual Boy games, "Virtual League Baseball" uses a red-and-black color scheme and stereoscopy. Stereoscopy is an optical trick that is used to make the game look like it is 3D.

A sequel, "Virtual League Baseball 2", was in development. It was given an ESRB rating but it was never released.

"Nintendo Power" liked the game's graphics, but wrote that it was hard to defend near the fence. One of the magazine's six reviewers recommended the game. "GamePro" gave a short review where they said that the game was bad. They said the the game had bad controls and did not sound good. Scott Alan Marriott of AllGame said that the game was like "Major League Baseball" for the Nintendo Entertainment System. He did not like these similarities.


Typhoon Rusa

Hitting on August 22, 2002, Typhoon Rusa was the most powerful typhoon to strike South Korea in 43 years. It was the 21st Joint Typhoon Warning Center tropical depression, the 15th named storm, and the 10th typhoon of the 2002 Pacific typhoon season. It started on August 22 from the monsoon trough in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, well to the southeast of Japan. For several days, Rusa moved to the northwest, eventually growing into a powerful typhoon. On August 26, the storm moved across the Amami Islands of Japan, where Rusa left 20,000 people without power and caused two deaths. Across Japan, the typhoon dropped torrential rainfall peaking at in Tokushima Prefecture.

After weakening a little bit, Rusa made landfall on Goheung, South Korea with winds of 140 km/h (85 mph ). Rusa weakened while moving through the country, dropping heavy rainfall that peaked at in Gangneung. A 24-hour total of in the city broke the record for the highest daily precipitation in the country; however, the heaviest rainfall was local. Over 17,000 houses were damaged, and large areas of crop fields were flooded. In South Korea, Rusa killed at least 233 people, making it the deadliest typhoon there in over 43 years, and caused $4.2 billion in damage. The typhoon also dropped heavy rainfall in neighbouring North Korea, leaving 26,000 people homeless and killing three. Rusa also destroyed large areas of crops in the country already affected by ongoing famine conditions. The typhoon later became extratropical over eastern Russia on September 1, dissipating three days later.

Hylodes sazimai

Hylodes sazimai is a frog. It lives in Serro das Cabras in São Paulo, Brazil and in Poços de Caldas in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

The adult male frog is 27.1-28.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown, and the legs are red-brown with darker marks. The front legs have spots. There are lighter stripes on the frog's sides. There are white stripes next to these stripes. The mouth is dark and the belly is white.

Esraj

The Esraj belongs to the category of the Chordophones and is a bowed stringed instrument, which is usually played in the East and central regions of India, particularly in Bengal, Bihar, Orissa, Assam, Tripura and also Bangladesh.

Chitarra guitar

Chitarra Italiana (Italian: [kiˈtarra itaˈljaːna]; 'Italian guitar') is a lute-shaped plucked instrument with four or five single (sometimes double) strings, in a tuning similar to that of the guitar. It was common in Italy during the Renaissance era.

The Elephant Man (movie)

The Elephant Man is a 1980 British American biographical drama movie directed by David Lynch. It stars John Hurt, Anthony Hopkins, Hannah Gordon, Anne Bancroft, Freddie Jones, John Gielgud, Wendy Hillier, Lesley Dunlop, Nula Conwell, Pauline Quirke, Dexter Flecther, Michael Elphick and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 8 Academy Awards in 1981.

Absolute Infinite

The Absolute infinite("symbol": Ω) is a type of infinite. It is the largest of Transcendental number.

Sonic Superstars

Sonic Superstars is a platform game for the Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Series X and Series S that released on October 17th, 2023.

Branded Man

Branded Man is the fourth studio album by Merle Haggard featuring The Strangers. It was released on 28 August, 1967 through Capitol Records and went to number 167 in the United States. In 2003, it was ranked #484 on the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

Bandido (wrestler)

Bandido (born April 17, 1995) is a Mexican masked luchador. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Bandido has also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), Lucha Libre Elite (LLE), The Crash Lucha Libre, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).

During his time in ROH, Bandido was a one-time ROH World Champion and a one-time ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion.

On September 28, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Bandido would make his AEW in-ring debut. He would challenge Chris Jericho for his ROH World Championship but would lose. 

He would then enter an Eliminator Tournament for the AEW World Championship. He would defeat Rush in the first round on the November 11 episode of "Rampage", also earning his first victory in AEW in the process. On the November 16 episode of "Dynamite", Bandido would lose in the second round to Ethan Page.

On the April 26, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Bandido would challenge Orange Cassidy for his AEW International Championship but would lose. On the May 10 episode of "Dynamite", he would team up with Best Friends (Chuck Taylor & Trent Beretta) to take on the House Of Black (Brody King, Buddy Matthews and Malakai Black) for the AEW World Trios Championships but they lost.

At Double or Nothing, Bandido competed in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

Hiroki Muto

Hiroki Muto is a Japanese archer. He was born on 26 June 1997. Muto competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Saori Nagamine

Saori Nagamine is a Japanese archer. She was born on 5 July 1993. Nagamine competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Keiko Nakagomi

Keiko Nakagomi (中込恵子, "Nakagomi Keiko", born 12 June 1970) is a Japanese archer. Nakagomi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Sophia Mendonça

Sophia Mendonça (Belo Horizonte, February 6, 1997) is a Brazilian journalist and writer. She is mostly known as a content producer and researcher on autism. In her work, Sophia complexifies aspects of the self-definition of autistic identity, by addressing topics such as sexual and gender intersectionality in autism.

Mendonça has a master's degree in Communication, Territorialities and Vulnerabilities from the Federal University of Minas Gerais, after defending a dissertation on the intersectionality between autism and gender dysphoria, being the first autistic trans woman to achieve this title from the institution and receiving academic praise for her work merits. She reports having experienced violence after telling health professionals that she was an autistic and trans woman, having been forced to camouflage her gender identity by doctors and psychologist.

Researcher Igor Ries, in his doctorate thesiss observed that Sophia's text is rich in sensitivity, affection and individuality. He considered the author's work generous, a sharing of oneself with the collective, as a way of representing in some way the transformation experienced or relief from her own suffering. According to the scholar, Sophia plays a leading role and, at the same time, announces this leading role in spaces that are usually little occupied by both autistic and trans people. Ries also praised that, when invite society to reflect on renewing the narratives about autism and placing itself as an active subject of this experience, Sophia demonstrates her work of caring for herself and the others.

W. Morrissey

William Morrissey (born August 16, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Big Bill.

Morrissey is also known for his time with the WWE where he wrestled under the ring names Colin Cassady and Big Cass, as well as his time in Impact Wrestling where he wrestled under W. Morrissey.

In AEW, Morrissey has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On the May 4, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Morrissey made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as MJF's mystery opponent for Wardlow. He faced Wardlow but lost. On August 32, 2022, it was reported that Morrissey had signed a contract to be a member of the All Elite Wrestling roster. He would then join Stokely Hathaway stable The Firm. On the December 9 episode of "Rampage", Morrissey would team with Lee Johnson and they would defeat the team of Clayton Bloodstone & Izzy James. This was his first victory in AEW. 

On the Feburary 13, 2023 episode of "", Morrissey, now going as Big Bill, defeated Gino and got his first singles victory in AEW. On the March 1 episode of "Dynamite", Big Bill would challenge Orange Cassidy for his AEW All-Atlantic Title but would lose.

At Double or Nothing, he would compete in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

On the July 21 episode of "Rampage", he would enter the Royal Rampage to determine the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship but it was won by Darby Allin.

Bill would team with Brian Cage and they would win a AEW World Tag Team Championship number one contendership Battle Royal on the July 28 episode of "Rampage". They would go on to face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but would lose.

On the September 13 episode of "Dynamite", Bill would challenge Jon Moxley for the AEW International Championship but lost.

On the October 7 episode of "Collision", Bill would team with Ricky Starks to face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. Bill and Starks would defeat them and win the championships. This was Bill's first championship in AEW.

On the February 7, 2024 episode of "Dynamite", Big Bill and Starks would lose the championships to Sting and Darby Allin.

He is engaged to AEW backstage commentator and Diamond Dallas Page's step-daughter Lexy Nair.

Vinzenz Dittrich

Vinzenz Dittrich (23 February 1893 – 25 January 1965) was an Austrian football player and football coach. He played as defender defender for the Austrian national football team and mainly for SK Rapid Wien.

Dittrich came in 1913 from the second-class team SC Blue Star Vienna to Rapid. Vinzenz Dittrich made his debut for Rapid in a 5-0 home win against FAC on 30 March 1913. He quickly had a place in the first team. Dittrich was considered a very tough player. His tackles were often on the verge of a foul. His unorthodox and sometimes dirty playing style was often the subject of the newspapers. In his first season he won the championship. After an interruption due to the war, Dittrich was again part of the Rapid team from 1916 onwards. He won five more championships and two cup titels.

In 1925 he left Rapid and went to ASV Hertha Vienna, who were promoted to the First class. They were immediately relegated. Dittrich stayed with the club in the II. League and was able to reach immediate promotion. This time the team was able to stay in the top division for three years before relegated in 1930. Dittrich then ended his active career.

He played 16 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored one goal. His first match was on 26 October 1913 versus Hungary (3-4). His last match was on 15 August 1923 versus Finland (2-1). 

Dittrich began a coaching career in 1930 and worked for the Lithuanian Football Association.He won the Baltic Cup with the national team. After his return to Austria he became coach of SC Hakoah Vienna. After the team beat Olympique Marseille on a tour of France they signed Dittrich in the summer of 1933. He also brought the two Austrian national players Leopold Drucker and Josef Chloupek to Marseille. With the team he won the French Cup against Stade Rennais.

After his time in Marseille, he looked after DSV Saaz and FC Nordstern Basel from 1935 before returning to France in 1937 to FC Mulhouse. In 1938 he took over the coaching position at Hamborn 07. In the autumn season of 1940 he looked after the Vienna second division team SC Helfort. At the end of the year he became coach at ŠK Bratislava. There he won the Slovak championship.

After the Second World War, Dittrich was a coach at the second division club 1. Schwechater SC, worked in Luxembourg,and looked after 1. Wiener Neustädter SC from 1947 to 1949. He then spent several years as a club coach in Damascus and coach of the national team of Syria and Lebanon.
as player:
as manager:

Stop the Rock

"Stop the Rock" is a 1999 song by Apollo 440 and is the leading single from their third studio album "Gettin' High on Your Own Supply". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Scotland, number 26 in Ireland, number 79 in Australia and number 17 in Spain. It was their breakthrough single for the band.

Face the Day (The Angels song)

"Face the Day" is a 1980 song by Australian rock band The Angels. It is the third single from their fourth studio album "Dark Room" and went to number 67 in Australia and number 30 in New Zealand. It was covered by Great White in 1986 for their second studio album "Shot in the Dark".


WAGR K class (1891)

The WAGR K class was one 0-6-2 side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1891, before becoming the L class in 1894.

K class No. 19 was built by Hudswell Clarke & Coy of Leeds, England specifically for the construction of Fremantle Harbour being transferred to the Public Works Department (PWD) almost immediately after it arrived for the construction of the North Mole.

When the loco was transferred back to the WAGR both the K class designation and the number 19 were occupied by other unrelated locomotives, so the engine was reclassified No. 5 and as part of the first L class.

WAGR L class (1894)

The WAGR L class was one steam locomotive formerly designated as the K class of 1891 on the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

When K class No. 19 returned to the WAGR after working under the Public Works Department (PWD) to shunt at Fremantle as No. 19. In 1899 it was assigned to the Goldfields Water Supply Administration/department for the construction of the Mundaring Weir Branch Line, returning to the WAGR in 1903 and renumbered 5.

In 1910 it was sold to the Fremantle Works Department for the construction of Fremantle Dock, before returning to the PWD in 1913 for the construction of the Hotham Valley Railway (Pinjarra to Boddington) and named "Hotham". It continued to work on many construction projects around Western Australia until 1926 when it was sent to Midland Railway Workshops and scrapped.

At some point during its later PWD career, it was fitted with a G class tender in place of its bunker.

WAGR M class (1875)

The WAGR M class were a total of two steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1876 to 1911.

The WAGR M class were built by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England in 1875 for the Northern Railway from Geraldton to Northampton, this being the first government railway in Western Australia. Both engines were used extensively on this line due to its isolation from the rest of the system and the failure of the E class. On the Northern Railway, they were numbered 1 and 2 but were renumbered to 23 and 24 in 1891.

In 1893 both engines were reallocated to Fremantle to be used on the Eastern Railway from Fremantle to Guildford. No. 24 was sold to Whittaker Brothers in 1907, while No. 23 was sold in 1911 to Bunning Brothers. No. 23 was withdrawn from timber service in 1946 before being scrapped in 1958; No. 24 was named "Dandalup" and sold to Bunning Brothers who numbered it 4 before scrapping it in 1955.

WAGR N class

The WAGR N class were a total of 42 side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1896 to 1960.

The WAGR N class was originally built in 1896 by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland for suburban passenger-working around Perth on the Eastern Railway between Fremantle and Midland and later on the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Loop Line. In 1898-99 Robert Stephenson & Coy of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England constructed another twelve adding to the original five, along with another fifteen by Nasmyth, Wilson & Coy of Salford, England in 1901.

Midland Workshops built ten more N class from 1907 to 1908 using parts from the O class, this technically being the first class built in-house by the WAGR. All were allocated to Perth by the mid-1930s with all being withdrawn by late 1960.

No. 201, built in 1898 by "Robert Stephenson & Coy", is preserved at ARHS Bassendean Railway Museum (Rail Heritage W.A.), though it is currently stored in the workshops complex on-site.

Gone till November

"Gone till November" is a 1997 song by Haitian singer Wyclef Jean and is the third single from his debut studio album "The Carnival". It went to number 7 in the United States, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in New Zealand and Canada, number 5 in Ireland, number 8 in Scotland, number 15 in the Netherlands and number 31 in Germany.







WAGR O class

The WAGR O class were a total of 56 (46) steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1896 to 1962.

The WAGR O class were 2-8-0s built originally by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland between 1896 to 1898 with 36 built, and another 10 built by Dübs & Coy. From 1909 to 1912 the Midland Railway Workshops built 10 Oa class locos in addition to the O class.

The O class initially worked on rural branch lines where heavier locos were unable to operate, serving on the Eastern Railway to Fremantle and the South Western Railway to Collie. They later became heavy shunters in their later years.

The last O class to be withdrawn was No. 218 in 1962, being used as a steam cleaner at Northam before being donated to ARHS Rail Heritage W.A., it was displayed at Bassendean before being loaned to the Walkaway station museum in 2015 where it is currently displayed.

Alto guitar

Alto guitar is smaller and higher pitched than a classical guitar, and its strings are thinner. The typical scale length is about 535mm. Some people call the alto guitar the violin of the guitar orchestra.

Seven-string guitar

Seven-string guitars are used in a variety of musical styles including classical, jazz, rock, progressive rock, and heavy metal. The seven-string works well in a band setting, as its lowest note, B1 lines up well with the B0 commonly used for the lowest note of a 5+ string bass.

Ten-string guitar

The English guitar has a pear-shaped body, a flat base, and a short neck. Its distinguishing feature is that it has ten strings in six courses, of which the.

Harp guitar

The harp guitar is a guitar-based stringed instrument generally defined as a "guitar, in any of its accepted forms, with any number of additional unstopped.
WAGR Oa class

The WAGR Oa class were a total of 10 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1909 to 1962.

The Oa were almost identical to the O class with the exception of the running board and footplate which were higher. The Oa class were constructed by Midland Railway Workshops due to a large wheat harvest that required more engines, the last to be built entered service in 1911.

The last Oa in service was No. 161, built in 1910 and withdrawn and scrapped in 1962.

WAGR Ob class

The WAGR Ob class was one experimental steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1923 to 1925.

In 1923 O class No. 93 had metal weights fitted to the running board, increasing the adhesive weight by 2 tons to increase its capabilities of hauling freight by 10%. The experiment seems to have failed or not been worthwhile as No. 93 was reconverted to a standard O class in 1925.

No. 93 was built in 1897 by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland and withdrawn and scrapped in 1957, having a service life of 60 years.

Yomi Fash Lanso

Yomi Fash Lanso was born on 7 June 1968. Yomi is a Nigeria actor from Ogun State, Nigeria. 

Yomi Fash Lanso graduated from the department of Business Administration from the University of Lagos. He is a regular Yoruba film actor and has featured in more than 100 films in his career. In 2014, he was selected for Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role at the 10th Africa Movie Academy Awards for his role in Omo Elemosho,the same year,he got the award for best actor in a supporting role for his acting in Omo Elemosho,from NEA awards which was held in the U.S.

WAGR Os class

The WAGR Os class were a total of 5 experimental steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1937.

The Os class were the result of superheated boilers being fitted to Nos. 81 (later 210), 94, 99, 212, and No. 220 with Sir Vincent Raven's patent bypass valve also fitted. By 1937 all had been converted back to standard O class locos, though Os boilers were later exchanged with N class ones.

WAGR Oas class

The WAGR Oas class were a pair of experimental steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1934 to 1946.

The Oas class were the result of fitting superheated boilers to two Oa class No. 2 and No. 160. With No. 2 refitted in 1934 and No. 160 in 1938. Both were reconverted to Oa class locos in 1946 with both engines renumbered in 1949 to No. 171 and No. 178 and both were also withdrawn and scrapped in 1961.

San Blas Islands

The San Blas Islands are on the the north coast of the Isthmus of Panama. There are about 365 islands and cays. 49 have people living on them. The people who live there are Guna people, who were there before the Europeans came. They are very low and the rising sea level means many will have to move to the mainland. 

WAGR P class (1896)

The WAGR P class were a pair of steam locomotives originally operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1896 to 1912.

The P class were built in 1896 by James Martin & Coy of Gawler, South Australia to the same design as the South Australian Railways (SAR) Z class. Initially, the P class were used on mainline passenger work, most notably heading the inaugural train to Kalgoorlie in 1896.

They became displaced in their niche of express passenger work with the arrival of the R class, and in 1912 both engines were sold to the Midland Railway Company of Western Australia (MRWA) but weren't suitable for regular service, No. 62 was loaned to the Public Works Department (PWD) from 1913 to 1914.

An attempt was made to sell No. 63 into the timber industry though this was unsuccessful so it was renumbered 12 with No. 62 being used for spares, both locos were scrapped in 1929.

Rana Farhan

Rana Farhan (Persian: رانا فرحان) is an Iranian musician and singer and jazz and blues artist. In the wake of moving on from the College of Tehran, he left Iran in 1989, and has lived in New York from that point forward.


Jenin

Jenin (Arabic: جنين) is a city in the State of Palestine, in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. Jenin is a evidence of many periods of conflict and challenges faced by the Palestinians "(such as displacement, raids" by IDF")", especially in the context of the Israel-Palestine conflict. Various political and social issues have affected the city and its residents over the years.

Jenin came under Israeli occupation in 1967, and was put under the administration of the Palestinian National Authority (PA) as Area A of the West Bank in 1993.
In 2017, Jenin had a population of approximately 50,000 people. While the Jenin refugee camp houses a population of around 14,000 Palestinians, most of those fled or were forcefully removed by israel from their homes during the 1948 Palestine War.

Ford Galaxy (third generation)

The third generation Ford Galaxy is a minivan made by Ford from 2015 to 2023. It was revealed at the 2014 Paris Motor Show, the all-new Galaxy went on sale in mid-2015.

The Galaxy is available with the same range of engines as the S-Max, one diesel and two petrol options. The petrol 1.5 SCTi Ecoboost has 160 hp, and the larger 2.0 SCTi has 240 hp, but only have an automatic transmission. At launch, Ford expected only two percent of United Kingdom sales to be petrol models.The 2.0 TDCi 150 HP and 180 HP versions come with either a six-speed manual transmission or the automatic transmission – the 180 hp version can also feature all-wheel drive]. The most expensive twin-Turbo 2.0 210 hp comes with the automatic transmission only, and can accelerate from 0 to 60 in under nine seconds.

The trim levels are similar to the ones in the S-Max, Mondeo and Edge, including Zetec, Titanium and Titanium X.

Ford updated the Galaxy for 2020. It received a new front grille and bumpers with a similar design as the Mondeo, Focus, Fiesta, Puma and Kuga.

In January 2022, Ford announced plans to discontinue the Galaxy after 27 years of production, stopping accepting orders for the minivan in favour of realisation of existing ones. Afterwards the cars will be axed from the European lineup without direct successor.

Gortimer Gibbon's Life on Normal Street

Gortimer Gibbon’s Life on Normal Street is a children’s fantasy TV show from 2015. It was about a boy named Gortimer Gibbon who had magical powers and his friends who lived somewhere called Normal Street. It had two seasons. The critics liked it. And it was nominated for an Emmy Award.

Shots Fired

Shots Fired is an American Television program about someone from the DOJ looking into the Murder of a white teenager by a black policeman and finding out about a conspiracy to hide the murder of a black teenager by a white policeman.

Lena Knippelmeyer

Lena Knippelmeyer (born 6 April 1990 Emden )  is a German wheelchair basketball player and neuropsychologist .

Knippelmeyer grew up in Marienhafe, and started playing handball there.  She last played for SSC Dodesheide .  In 2014 , she had to stop playing handball after knee injuries. Since then she has been considered minimally disabled  and plays wheelchair basketball. 

She currently plays in the center position at RSC Osnabrück, in the wheelchair basketball Bundesliga and in the German women's national team . In the 1st Wheelchair Basketball Bundesliga, she completed large parts of the 2020/2021 season with the BBC Münsterland team from Warendorf. 

She competed at the 2019 European Championships, taking third place with the women's national team .  Knippelmeyer took part in the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, taking fourth place with the German team. 

Asaph Hall

Asaph Hall III (October 15, 1829 – November 22, 1907) was an American astronomer. He is best known for having discovered the two moons of Mars, Deimos and Phobos, in 1877. He found the orbits of satellites of other planets and of double stars. He also found the rotation of Saturn and the mass of Mars.

Syringe

A syringe is a tool used by doctors, nurses, and healthcare professionals. It is a simple pump with a needle at the end. It allows to inject liquids into the bloodstream or the muscle. Many syringes are designed to be used only once. If a syringe is used multiple times, it needs to be serilized before each use, otherwise it is possible to spread diseases. 

Hurricane Otis

Hurricane Otis was a small but very intense and damaging October 2023 tropical cyclone. The storm killed more than 50 people in Southwestern Mexico. It struck early on October 25.

Winds of Otis were when the storm struck. It underwent rapid intensification that was not even forecast to happen with the storm. It made landfall near Acapulco. It was the most intense eastern Pacific hurricane to ever strike anywhere in this region.

Early damage reports showed Otis might have caused $15 billion overall in Mexico. Other damage reports indicate more than that.

Flamenco guitar

A flamenco guitar is a guitar similar to a classical guitar but with thinner tops and less internal bracing. It usually has nylon strings, like the classical guitar, but it generally possesses a livelier, more gritty sound compared to the classical guitar.

Huapanguera

The quinta huapanguera is an instrument distinct of the Huasteca region of Mexico. It is used when playing their specific folk genre called son huasteco.

Guitar synthesizer

This can refer to two similar types of synthesizer, both that use notes played on a guitar rather than a keyboard for input and/or triggers. The first is a synthesizer that uses the output of an electric guitar string as its oscillator or sound source.

Guitarrón

The Guitarrón is a large bass guitar. Guitarrón translates to large guitar – the suffix means big or large. It has 6 strings – 3 that are nylon wound with a nylon monofilament core or nylon fibers, and 3 that are steel, bronze or copper wound with a single steel string core.

Lap steel guitar

The pedal steel guitar is an electric console instrument with one or two necks, each typically with ten strings. The neck tuned to C6 (Texas tuning) is closer to the player and the E9 (Nashville tuning) neck is further from the player.

Dobro

The name Dobro originated in 1928 when the Dopyera brothers formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company. "Dobro" is both a contraction of "Dopyera brothers" and a word meaning "goodness" in their native Slovak. This six course (6x1) guitar has a squared-off neck with raised strings for Hawaiian-style playing.

Janusz Korczak

Henryk Goldszmit, better known by his pseudonym Janusz Korczak ( 22 July 1878 or 1879unknown) was a Polish-born Jewish orphanage director and writer. He is also known by his nicknames "Pan Doktor" (""Mr. Doctor"") and/or "Stary Doktor" (""Old Doctor"").

Janusz Korczak was born as Henyrk Goldszmit on or 22 July 1878 or 1879. His birth certificate was never discovered (or it does not exist) so his precise birth date is undetermined. His father Jósef Goldszmit was a respected lawyer. Korczak's father Jósef died in a mental hospital on , after being admitted there six years earlier.

The Second Polish Republic had been annexed by Nazi Germany beginning on 6 October 1939. In October 1940, a ghetto meant to imprison Jews was established in Warsaw, and all of the Jews from Warsaw, including Korczak and the children from his orphanage, lived there. A new orphanage was built for the children in the ghetto. The deportation of Jews from the ghetto began on 22 July 1942. On 5 or 6 August 1942 in the Warsaw Ghetto, Germans came to collect the orphans from Korczak's orphanage and staff members from the orphanage in order to transport them to Treblinka extermination camp, while Korczak had been offered a job in the ghetto. In a well-popular act of both courage and loyalty, Korczak courageously refused the offer and wanted to board the train with the children from his orphanage, and told the German officers: The children were dressed in their best clothing, and each carried a blue-colored backpack and a favorite book or toy. On the journey to the train station, one of the Schutzstaffel officers recognized Korczak as the writer of one of his favorite books. The officer offered Korczak to help him escape. But Korczak still refused. So, Korczak ended up boarding the train with the children and staff members to the Treblinka extermination camp. This act of courage and loyalty, is what made Korczak very famous and popular in the modern-day world.

Though his death date is unknown, Janusz Korczak most likely died in the Treblinka extermination camp in August 1942, along with the children and staff members from his orphanage.
Amy Farrah Fowler

Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler is a fictional character on The Big Bang Theory played by Dr. Mayim Bialik. Amy dates and later marries Dr. Sheldon Cooper.

When Amy first appears, she is Sheldon’s friend and a girl but not his girlfriend. She is also a Neurobiologist. Amy also became best friends with Penny.

After Amy started dating Stuart, Sheldon asked her to be his girlfriend and she said yes.

Amy broke up with Sheldon after he stopped kissing her to ask if he should watch The Flash television show.

After Amy dated Dave (played by Stephen Merchant) Sheldon asked her to get back together with him and she said yes. Sheldon decided to spend Amy’s birthday with her instead of seeing and had sex with her for the first time.

After Dr. Ramona Norwitski kissed Sheldon, he decided he only liked Amy and asked her to marry him. She said yes.

Sheldon and Amy get married by Mark Hamill. They also come up with a new theory called “Super-Asymmetry”.

Sheldon and Amy win the Nobel Prize in Physics for their “Super-Asymmetry” idea.

In Young Sheldon, it turns out that Sheldon and Amy have children and that they named their son Leonard after Leonard Nimoy and Leonard Hofstadter.

Sighetu Marmației

Sighetu Marmației (also spelled "Sighetul Marmației"; or "Siget"; ; ; ), until 1960 Sighet, is a city (municipality) in Maramureș County near the Iza River, in northwestern Romania.

Pseudophilautus malcolmsmithi

Pseudophilautus malcolmsmithi is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sri Lanka.

This frog is extinct. Every frog in this species is dead. Scientists believe that this is because human beings changed the places where the frog lived too much.

One female frog was 14.9 mm long from nose to rear end.

Untriunium

Untriunium, also known as element 131 or eka-Einstienium, is the possible chemical element in the periodic table with the placeholder symbol of Utu and atomic number 131. Untriunium and Utu are the temporary systematic IUPAC name and symbol, which are used until the element is discovered, confirmed, and a permanent name is decided upon. In the periodic table of the elements, it is expected to follow Untrinilium as the second element of the superactinides and the fourth element of the 8th period. Similarly to Untrinilium, it is expected to fall within the range of the island of stability.

Untribium

Untribium, also known as element 132 or eka-Rutherfordium, is the possible chemical element in the periodic table with the placeholder symbol of Utb and atomic number 132. Untribium and UTB are the temporary systematic IUPAC name and symbol, which are used until the element is discovered, confirmed, and a permanent name is decided upon. In the periodic table of the elements, it is expected to fall within the range of the island of stability.

University of Michigan basketball scandal

The University of Michigan got into trouble because of some things that went wrong with their men's basketball team. It's one of the biggest cases where college athletes were paid in all of US history.

The trouble was linked to a man named Ed Martin, who was a fan (or booster) of the team. Ed gave money to several players, which was against the rules. He was actually using the players to hide money he got from illegal gambling.

This problem came to light when a car crash involving a Michigan player, Maurice Taylor, led to questions about his relationship with Martin. The investigations found that Martin also had connections with other players starting from the 1980s. 

By 1999, four players, Maurice Taylor, Chris Webber, Robert Traylor, and Louis Bullock, were found to have taken a total of $616,000 from Martin. At first, Chris Webber said he didn't get any money from Martin, but later admitted he did. Because of this, he had to pay a fine and was briefly stopped from playing in the NBA after doing public service.

In 1997, the coach of the team, Steve Fisher, was fired because he was part of the problem. However, he was not found to have done much wrong in the investigation. 

By 2002, it was clear that the four players were indeed guilty because they took money from Martin and had cheated in their status as amateur players. As punishment, the University of Michigan put its basketball team on probation, didn't participate in postseason games for the 2002-03 season, and removed the players' names and achievements from its records.

Later, the NCAA agreed with these punishments and added more, including extending the probation period and postseason ban, decreasing the number of scholarships, and ordering that the school shouldn't have anything to do with the three living guilty players until 2012.

These punishments affected many tournaments and records for the team and individual players, such as removing the 1997 and 1998 championship wins and player recognition. The ban on postseason games was usually reduced after an appeal and the order to avoid contact with the guilty players ended on May 8, 2013.

Graham Sutherland

Graham Sutherland OM (24 August 1903 – 17 February 1980) was an English artist. He is famous for his paintings of abstract landscapes and his portraits of public figures. He also worked in printmaking, tapestry and glass design.

He first worked as a printmaker, before moving to watercolour, and finally to oil painting, in the 1940s. He became famous by his paintings of Pembrokeshire landscapes. He was an official war painter at World War II. After that he became a figurative painter, often of religious motifs.

He created several of portraits of public figures in the 1950s; some where polemical. Fof example, he made a portrait of Winston Churchill, which he disliked and later would be destroyed.

Young in America

"Young in America" is a 2014 song by country singer Danielle Bradbery and is the second single from her debut studio album "Danielle Bradbery". It went to number 49 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart and became a fan favourite.

Shinji Nakamoto

Shinji Nakamoto is a Japanese archer. He was born on 8 July 1945. Nakamoto competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Miki Nakamura

Miki Nakamura is a Japanese archer. She was born on 12 September 1992. Nakamura competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

WAGR Q class (1895)

The WAGR Q class were a total of 6 side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1896 to 1925.

The Q class were originally ordered from R. & W. Hawthorn Leslie & Coy of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England, however, two similar locos built previously for the Portos e Caminhos de Ferro de Moçambique in Mozambique were cancelled before shipment and in 1896 were sold to the WAGR along with four more engines as part of the original order built from 1896 to 1897.

They were employed as shunters at Midland and Fremantle, with four of the class rebuilt into Qa class locos from 1905 to 1909. All 6 of the class were withdrawn and scrapped between 1924 and 1925, having worked on various lines around the network.

WAGR Qa class

The WAGR Qa class were a total of 4 successful steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1905 to 1925.

The Qa class resulted from the rebuilding of Q class No. 140 with a larger boiler, and four-wheel trailing bogie added, and the fuel capacity increased (both water and coal). This rebuild started in 1903 and was completed in 1905 by Midland Railway Workshops, No. 140 having been selected to operate on the Upper Darling Range Railway which the WAGR had recently acquired.

The experiment was a success with three more of the Q class being rebuilt to Qa class specifications in 1909. The Qa class was designated to haul goods, passenger and mixed services, in this position they served on the Kalamunda zig-zag, Mudaring Weir Branch Line, Eastern Railway to Northam, South Western Railway to Bunbury and the Pinjarra to Holyoake section of the Hotham Valley Railway.

Withdrawals for the class began in 1924 and ended in 1925 with all being scrapped along with the original standard Q class.

Hylodes heyeri

Hylodes heyeri is a frog. It lives in São Paulo and Santa Catarina, Brazil. People have seen it 846 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests in the Atlantic side (east side) of Brazil. People usually see them near moving water: streams or waterfalls.

This frog has smooth skin and light stripes. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color.

Scientists named this frog after Ron Heyer.

WAGR R class

The WAGR R class were a total of 24 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1897 to 1953.

All of the R class were built by Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland in several batches from 1896 to 1898. They initially served on the Eastern Railway, Eastern Goldfields Railway, and Northern Railway as premier express locomotives hauling passengers and mail. They were later relegated to mixed work, with some being converted to Ra class engines to serve on lighter-laid lines.

No. 174 became famous for aiding in the rescue of a trapped miner and upon its withdrawal in 1947 it was preserved by the Midland Railway Institute, it was displayed at various locations in Midland before moving permanently to the ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum, where it is presently displayed.

WAGR Ra class

The WAGR Ra class were a total of 14 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1909 to 1948.

The Ra class came about as a result of the need for more powerful engines on lightly-laid lines in rural areas. A trailing set of wheels was fitted behind the driving wheels to allow the standard R class to traverse the lighter rails, becoming the Ra class. Several locos were converted to Ra and then converted back to R and then converted to Ra again depending on the needs of the WAGR.

Withdrawals for the Ra began in the 1920s as part of a program to replace and upgrade the WAGR's aging fleet of locomotives which resulted from a 1922 Royal Commission. Curiously the Ra designation was abolished in 1933 but those that remained continued operating with Ra specifications under the R designation.

No. 174 has been preserved but was converted into its original R class form shortly after withdrawal to represent the class in its original condition, it is now on display at the ARHS Rail Heriateg W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum.

List of programs broadcasted by UPN

these is a list of programming that aired on UPN during 11 years from 1995 to 2006.

WAGR S class (1888)

The WAGR S class were a pair of small well-tank steam locomotives operated originally by the Great Southern Railway (GSR) and later by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1888 to 1916.

The S class were built by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England in 1888 and 1892 for use at Albany as shunters for the Great Southern Railway, in 1896 the GSR was taken over by the WAGR, and both were withdrawn in 1915 and 1916. Both were sold to the Australian federal government to help in the construction of Henderson Naval Base in Perth (near Cockburn).

In 1923 both were transferred to Canberra, ACT to construct Parliament House, the new base of the Australian government. In 1927 both were sold once more to NSW Associated Blue Metal Quarries, carrying numbers 1 and 2. No. 2 was scrapped in 1932 at Bass Point Quarry in Shellharbour, while No. 1 lasted a bit longer and after operating at Prospect Quarry, it was scrapped in 1938.

WAGR T class

The WAGR T class were a total of 10 steam locomotives originally operated by the Great Southern Railway (GSR) and later the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1888 to 1952.

The T class were built from 1887 to 1889 by Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England and Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England for the GSR, standard practice on the GSR was the naming of locomotives rather than numbering and class designation, the first of the line was named "Hordern", and so the class have been nicknamed the "Hordern class" unofficially.

On the GSR they were used on mainline trains, also handling all through mail from Albany to Perth. When the GSR was taken over by the WAGR in 1896, they continued working their normal routes until the turn of the 19 century when larger locomotives began replacing them. They became relegated to shunting and utility work, hauling niche trains like the Commissioner's inspection train.

Withdrawals of the T class began in 1924 to 1926, and continued again in 1940, with the last two withdrawn and scrapped in 1948 and 1952.

Friedrich Brandstetter

Friedrich Brandstetter (29 November 1891 – 7 October 1926) was an Austrian football player. He played for SK Rapid Wien as defender. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
Fritz Brandstetter began his football career with his older brother Josef in 1908 at Rapid Vienna. He was part of the famous Rapid team that won the first Austrian football championship in 1912 under coach Dionys Schönecker. His career came to an abrupt end due to the First World War. Fritz Brandstetter suffered a serious knee injury that no longer allowed him to play football. He died in 1926 of a lung disease. This was also a late consequence of the First World War.
He made his only appearance for the Austrian national team on 3 November 1912 versus Hungary .

Falling Away from Me

"Falling Away from Me" is the leading single from Korn's fourth studio album "Issues". It went to number 24 in the United Kingdom and Peru, number 25 in Scotland, number 77 in the Netherlands, number 62 in Australia and number 86 in Germany and deals with child abuse.








WAGR U class (1903)

The WAGR U class was a single small side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1904 to 1940.

The U class was built in 1903 by Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows, England with a crane that could lift up to three tons. It was numbered 7 and used exclusively at Midland Railway Workshops. In 1925 No. 7 was rebuilt with the crane being removed and fuel capacity increased. It continued in service until 1940 when it was withdrawn and scrapped.

Elsie Paroubek

Eliška Paroubek, more commonly known as Elsie Paroubek ( – between 8 April and 9 May 1911) was a Czech American girl from city of Chicago, Illinois who was a kidnapping and murder victim who was the subject of many newspapers and whose story inspired a book.

She was born the daughter of František Paroubek (1867–1913) and his wife Karolína Paroubek née Vojackova (1869–1927). 

On 8 April 1911, when Elsie was four or five years old, she disappeared. Eventually, when they failed to find her, her parents contacted the authorities and they helped search for her. When they failed to find her, authorities from the nearby states of Wisconsin and Minnesota, helped authorities from the state of Illinois to find her. Several newspapers regarding the disappearance of Elsie Paroubek was printed in the hopes that she still may be found alive. One month later on 9 May, Elsie Paroubek's dead body was discovered near the city of Lockport which is about 30 miles southwest of Chicago. Her death turned out to be a murder. She was buried three days later on 12 May. More than 2,500 people attended Elsie's funeral. 
Elsie's disappearance and murder appeared in several newspapers. Inspired by her disappearance and murder, Henry Darger wrote a popular novel about it.

Tomorrow Comes Today

"Tomorrow Comes Today" is a 2000 EP and 2002 song by English band Gorillaz. It was taken from their EP of the same name and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Gorillaz" and went to number 33 in the United Kingdom.

Enhanced CD EP (2000)

12-inch EP (2000)

CD single (2002)

DVD single (2002)

12-inch single (2002)

Jamie Hewlett

Jamie Hewlett is an artist. He created the Tank Girl comics and drew the Gorillaz characters.

Pom Klementieff

Pom Alexandra Klementieff (French: [pɔm klemɑ̃tjɛf]; born 3 May 1986) is a French actress. She is best known for playing Mantis in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and Paris in "".

Mantis (Marvel Comics)

Mantis is a fictional character and superheroine from the Marvel Comics universe. She is also known as the Celestial Madonna. The real name of the character is Brandt. Mantis has been a in the "Guardians of the Galaxy and" "Avengers" comics.

Mantis has been a member of the Avengers, the Knowhere Corps and the Guardians of the Galaxy. She usually refers to herself as "this one". The character is a human-mutate due to being a Kree experiment.

She was created by Steve Englehart. The character first appeared in "Avengers #112" in June 1973.

Mantis is played by French actress Pom Klementieff in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). She is in the movies "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017), "" (2018), "" (2019), "" (2022), "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (2022) and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023). In the MCU, the character is a daughter of Ego and a half sister to Peter Quill, Star-Lord.

Johnny's Greatest Hits

Johnny's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 17 March, 1958 through Columbia Records and went to number 1 for three weeks in the United States and spent a then record 490 weeks in the countdown.




Didactic method

A didactic method is a teaching method that follows a consistent educational style to present information to students. 
The discipline of didactics is interested in both theoretical knowledge and practical activities related to teaching, learning and their conditions. It is concerned with the content of teaching (the "what"), the method of teaching (the "how") and the reasons of curricular choices (the "why"). It focuses on the individual learner and their cognitive functioning when they learn. It uses cognitive psychology and the theory of teaching, and sometimes social psychology. 
In continental Europe, as opposed to English-speaking research cultures, pedagogy and didactics are distinct areas of study. Didactics is a knowledge-based discipline concerned with the descriptive and rational study of all teaching-related activities before, during and after the teaching of content in the classroom, which includes the "planning, control and regulation of the teaching context" and its objective is to analyze how teaching leads to learning. On the other hand, pedagogy is a practice-oriented discipline concerned with the normative study of the applied aspects of teaching in real teaching contexts inside the classroom.

Microsoft Azure

Microsoft Azure, often referred to as Azure, is a cloud computing platform run by Microsoft.

WAGR V class

The WAGR V class were a total of 24 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1955 to 1972.

The V class were ordered in 1951 from Beyer, Peacock & Coy but due to limited production capabilities Beyer, Peacock & Coy were forced to contract Robert Stephenson & Hawthorn of Darlington, England to build them, though they still received Bayer, Peacock serial numbers.

The design was modern and utilised quite modern technology for the time. When the V class entered service to haul heavy coal traffic from Collie on the South Western mainline. The V class had a dependable and free-steaming reputation among crews and witnesses, they later saw further service on the Great Southern line from York to Albany.

Withdrawals began in 1971 and ended in 1972 with No. 1220 hauling the "Farewell to Steam special" from Brunswick Junction to Collie marking the official end of steam on the WAGR. Four of the V class are preserved, one formerly based at Pemberton hauled the last mainline freight in Western Australia by steam in 1992 and last industrial use by steam in 2005, it was since moved to the Hotham Valley Railway. One is on display at Collie Old Station Museum, another at ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum, and the fourth is preserved at the Bellarine Peninsula Railway in Victoria.

Niamh Kavanagh

Niamh Kavanagh (born 13 February 1968) is an Irish singer. In 1993, she won the Eurovision Song Contest, representing Ireland with the song "In Your Eyes". 

She also participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with "It's For You", but finished in 23rd place out of 25 contestants. She also announced the results of the Irish public vote in Eurovision 2008 and the jury vote in Eurovision 2023.

Kavanagh has also taken part in several other Eurovision events. In 2018, she stopped her singing career.

Senhit

Senhit Zadik Zadik (born 1 October 1979), better known by her first name Senhit, is an Eritrean-Italian singer. 

She represented San Marino in the Eurovision 2011 with the song "Stand By", but did not qualify for the final.

Senhit returned to Eurovision in 2021, representing San Marino with her song "Adrenalina". She performed the song with American rapper Flo Rida. They finished 22nd out of 26 entries, with 50 points.

WAGR W class

The WAGR W class were a total of 60 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1951 to 1972.

The W class were initially proposed by C.M.E. Frederick Mills in 1947, but his death in 1949 delayed the project. Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England had already been advised of the design but identified multiple design flaws which they addressed in a meeting held in the UK in 1950.

Alterations included the firebox which was shaped to suit Collie coal which was notorious for its bad quality. Once they entered service, the W class could be found across the network on primary goods trains, though they did haul passengers as well, such as the "Australind" from Perth to Bunbury.

The reputation of the W class was good being depicted as strong and free-steamers with sound reliability. Minor teething problems and faults were attributed to poor welding resulting in no fewer than 34 W class laid up for repair at one point, though these issues had been eliminated by the late 1950s.

Withdrawals began in 1968 and ended in 1972 with the end of steam on the WAGR. 15 of the W class have been preserved with several in South Australia and one in the Northern Territory. They also make up the majority of the steam heritage operations on the Hotham Valley Railway in Dwellingup, Western Australia.

WAGR X class

The WAGR X class were a total of 48 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1954 to 1988.

The X class were built by Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England and Metropolitan-Vickers of Stockton-on-Tees, England from 1954 to 1956. Due to their light axle loads, they were immediately pressed into service around the entire network, they were allocated to express trains despite being designed for goods traffic. Their rigid frames made them rough riders, but because didn't require turning around they were still considered more efficient.

The engine used in the X class initially was untested and had various faults, issues and problems causing severe reliability concerns with resulting failures causing a Royal Commission into the matter which recommended the complete replacement of the X class. Midland Railway Workshops managed to continually repair, alter, and rebuild the X class to make them serviceable.

Some members of the class became the Xa class due to being fitted with twin/dual air (vacuum) braking. Withdrawals of the X class started in 1973, with the X class relegated to working grain trains on the South Western mainline in their dwindling years along with serving the Fremantle to Perth section of the Eastern Railway when it reopened. In 1988 the last of the X class was withdrawn.

One of the X class is preserved on display at the ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum, and another five Xa class are also preserved.

WAGR Xa class

The WAGR Xa class were a total of 16 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1955 to 1988.

The Xa class resulted from fitting dual air braking to the standard X class, this was done to allow them to operate salt trains on the Esperance branch, with braking systems manufactured by Davies & Metcalfe Ltd of Manchester, England. Two were converted to Xa to work with Queensland Rail SX class carriages hired by the WAGR for suburban services.

Five of the Xa class are preserved in various locations including the Hotham Valley Railway, Bassendean Railway Museum, and at Narrogin.

WAGR Xb class

The WAGR Xb class were a total of 10 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1963 to 1986.

The Xb was the result of converting standard X class locomotives by fitting them with multiple unit control (MUC) like the Xa class. Said locos were not fitted with communication doors or renumbered. None of the XB survived into preservation with the last being withdrawn from active service and scrapped in 1986.

WAGR Y class

The WAGR Y class were a total of 18 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1953 to 1990.

The Y class were built by British Thomson-Houston (BTH) of Rugby, England in conjunction with the Clayton Equipment Coy (CEL) of Derbyshire, England who assembled and tested the locos before shipment at Hatton with separate builder's plates displayed for each business on every loco.

Mostly the Y class were used for shunting duties at Perth and Fremantle, but some did haul goods trains on the Northern Railway around Geraldton and Pinjarra on the Hotham Valley Railway.

In total 7 Y class have been preserved, with one at the South West Rail & Heritage Centre, Boyanup and the Bassendean Railway Museum. Another is stored at Boulder Railway Station in Kalgoorlie with 4 also displayed/stored after operating timber services at Pemberton, though their current disposition is unknown.

Windows 8 editions

Windows 8 editions only comes in the following editions.
Windows Vista and Windows 7 Upgrade only.

WAGR Z class

The WAGR Z class were a total of 3 small diesel-mechanical locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1953 to 1983.

The Z class were ordered from the Drewry Car Coy who subcontracted the order to Robert Stephenson & Hawthorn Ltd (RSH) of Newcastle, England. Upon arrival in Western Australia, the Z class were allocated to shunt the jetties at Bunbury and Busselton along with other Southern ports.

In 1983 the Z class were all withdrawn, with all being preserved as No. 1151 went to Steamtown, Peterborough in South Australia, and No. 1153 went to the Boulder Loopline Railway where it is presently stored as the line is permanently closed.

No. 1152 is operational and being used on works trains on the Hotham Valley Railway and is the assigned shunter at Pinjarra; No. 1152 was also loaned to Downer EDI Works Ltd to aid in the construction of a rail depot at Nowergup, featured as part of the extension of the Northern Suburbs Railway.

Marcia Williams

Marcia Williams was Harold Wilson's secretary and political assistant. 

City Island (TV Series)

City Island is a children’s animated short television series created by Aaron Augenblick. It premiered on December 26, 2022, and is produced by PBS Kids and Future Brain Media.

Balkhash (city)

Balkhash (; ) is a city in the Qaraghandy Region of Kazakhstan, it is on the shore of Lake Balqash. It has a population of almost 78,000 people (as of 2023). Previously, the name of the city was Pribalkhashstroi ().

The city area also includes four settlements: Gulshat, Sayak, Saryshagan and Shashubai.

Copper was found the area in 1928. This led to the city being built. Small settlements for workers were built around the Balkhash mining and metallurgical plant.

On April 11, 1937, Balkhash became a city. The plan of the city was designed by the Leningrad Research and Design Institute of Urban Planning. People from all over the Soviet Union took part in the construction of the city and the copper plant. The Balkhash construction project was then called the “Balkhash Giant”, and it was prestigious to work on the construction. This can be confirmed by the words of the first secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR, Levon Mirzoyan: “Years will pass, the construction of the Balkhash giant will end, and a person who says that he spent five years on this construction site will be treated with great respect. Anyone who works on Balkhash , earns an honorable position in the country".

On January 12, 1936, the first house with a large number of floors for living was built in the city. A significant part of the workers moved to comfortable apartments.

For the period from 1938 to 1941, the government invested 550 million Soviet rubles in the construction of the city, of which 122 millions were for the construction of houses for living. The city began to develop very fast.

In the 1940s, about 40,000 people lived in this city. There was a copper factory and the Kounrad mine, a meat processing plant, a bread factory, fishing companies, and a beer production plant. Much attention was paid to the development of agriculture and gardening. There were no universities, but there were 2 technical schools and 5 secondary and 10 primary schools. In total, about 2000 people studied there. There was a newspaper "Balkhash Worker" in two languages. Several bus routes were opened throughout the city.

On June 22, 1941, Nazi Germany invaded the territory of the USSR, this became the beginning of the Great Patriotic War.

During the Great Patriotic War (the Russian name for World War II), most of the men went to war and women replaced them at the copper factory. 11,532 people of Balkhash fought during the war.

A system of distributing goods by cards was introduced. There was a shortage of goods in the country. Residents of the city were given cards for bread, sugar and other goods. Workshop managers were required to work at full productivity and use the patriotic desires of the workers.

After the war, Japanese prisoners of war constructed the city. For example, they built the buildings of the Palace of Metallurgists and the airport.

In April 1987, the city was awarded the Order of Friendship of Peoples ().

In the end of the 1990s, the situation in the city (as well as in the country’s economy) stabilized. Schools, clinics, and technical schools started to work stably.

The city is located on the northern coast of the Lake Balkash.

The city is located about 500 km west of the border with China and about 300 km south of Qaraghandy, the administrative center of the region.

70 kilometers north of Balkhash is the mountainous area of Bektau-Ata. The highest point is 1213 m above sea level. 

Balkhash has a continental climate. Winters here are very cold and summers are very hot. The average annual temperature in the city is 6.3 °C (43.3 °F). 

The average winter temperature is -11.7 °C (10.7 °F) and the average summer temperature is 22.9 °C (73.2 °F):

The population was highest in 1989, when 100,533 people lived in the city.

As of 2023, there are 73739 people living in Balkhash and 77787 people are living in the urban area of the city. The population density is 320 people per km².

People of more than 60 nationalities live in Balkhash. This is because when the city was built, people came here from all over the Soviet Union. Also in the 30-40s, some peoples who were repressed were brought here.

Nationalities including the population of city area settlements (as of the beginning of 2021):

Most of the city's people are Muslim Kazakhs. There is a central mosque in the city under the control of the Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Kazakhstan.

There is also a Russian Orthodox Church and a Catholic Church in the city.

In 2023, the city received 7.4 trillion tenge in taxes.

Balkhash is an important transit city linking Almaty and Astana, the country's two largest cities.

Balkhash is one of the most important centers of metallurgy in Kazakhstan. A large copper area, discovered in 1928-30, is being mined in villages north of the lake, such as Konyrat and Sayak. From there, copper is transported to the Balkhash plant.

In 1967, at the London International Exhibition, Balkhash copper was recognized as the world standard of copper.

Popular recreational activities on Lake Balkhash are beach tourism and water sports: sailing, kayaking and canoeing, and sport fishing.

Festival of British Popular Songs

The Festival of British Popular Songs was a song competition organised by the BBC. It began in 1956 following the success of the Eurovision Song Contest. Due to being so long ago, the names of performers and songs who took part are no longer known.

The first Festival of British Popular Songs was held from May to October 1956. 36 songs took part across six semi-finals. Each semi-final had six songs and the winning song of each semi-final went through to the final. The winning song was decided by music experts, who used a scoreboard to rank the songs by points.
In 1957, the United Kingdom joined the Eurovision Song Contest. The Festival of British Popular Songs was used to decide the UK's entry. The Festival was made shorter, with three semi-finals instead of six. The two winners of each semi-final went through to the final. The songs were scored by ten twelve-member juries representing major cities around the UK.

AEW Dynamite

AEW Dynamite is a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is shown on Wednesday nights at 8 p.m. Eastern Time (ET). It first started airing on October 2, 2019. It is viewed as AEW's flagship program.

"Dynamite" airs on TBS in the United States, TSN in Canada, TUDN in Mexico, ITV network in the United Kingdom, DMAX in Germany, Toonami in France, Sky Sport in Italy, and ESPN2 in Oceania.

On May 15, 2019, it was announced that TNT would air "Dynamite". This was the first time that a professional wrestling weekly program was shown on TNT since "WCW Monday Nitro" from World Championship Wrestling (WCW) ended on March 26, 2001. Livestreaming would be streamed on B/R Live.

In August 2019, WWE announced that they would be moving "NXT" in the same time slot as "Dynamite", which would have them end up competing with each other and would help usher in the Wednesday Night Wars. An average of 1.409 million viewers tuned into the debut episode of "Dynamite". This was the largest television debut on TNT in the last five years. The war ended when WWE announced that they were moving "NXT" to Tuesdays on April 13, 2021.

On January 5, 2022, "Dynamite" moved networks from TNT to TBS.

Pseudophilautus semiruber

Pseudophilautus semiruber is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it 1750 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 12-13.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Its skin is smooth and its legs are not thick. It is gray-brown in color. There are white spots with red around them on the sides of the body. The middle of the back and tops of the legs are red in color. There are dark marks on parts of the legs. There is some white color on the throat.

Hylodes uai

Hylodes uai is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it in the Serra do Caraça Mountains.

AEW Rampage

AEW Rampage is a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is shown on Friday nights at 10 p.m. Eastern Time (ET). It first started airing on August 13, 2021. It is viewed as one of AEW's secondary programs. It was the main secondary show until it was replaced by "Collision".

"Rampage" airs on TNT in the United States, TSN's app and direct service in Canada, ITV1 in the United Kingdom, DMAX in Germany, Toonami in France, Sky Sport in Italy, and ESPN2 in Oceania.

On January 15, 2020, there was a US$175 million contract extension announced for "Dynamite". One part of the announcement was a new show to be made. It would be revealed as "Rampage" in May 2021.

"Rampage" competed against WWE's "SmackDown" once when it aired on FS1 because of the 2021 MLB playoffs. During this night, "Rampage" defeated "SmackDown" in their key viewer demographic of people aged 18 to 49. They had 328,000 viewers compared to SmackDown's 285,000 viewers.

On January 5, 2022, it was announced that "Rampage" and "Dynamite" would move networks from TNT to TBS. It was then announced that only "Dynamite" would move while "Rampage" stayed on TNT.

Lord of the Lost

Lord of the Lost are a German rock band from Hamburg. They represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Blood & Glitter". They finished in last place with 18 points.

Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades

The Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades also known as Al Qassam Brigades is the military wing of the Palestinian organization Hamas. They operate in the Gaza Strip and are responsible for various military activities, including rocket attacks against Israel. The group was founded in the late 1980s and is named after Izz ad-Din al-Qassam, a Syrian preacher and nationalist leader who played a role in the Arab anti-colonial struggle in the early 20th century. The Brigades have been involved in conflicts with Israel.


Wythenshawe

Wythenshawe is the southern part of the city of Manchester, south of the River Mersey. Until 1931 it was part of Cheshire. It was the largest council estate in Europe. Manchester Airport is on the southern border.

Marco Mengoni

Marco Mengoni (born 25 December 1988) is an Italian singer. He became famous in 2009 after winning the Italian version of "The X Factor". In 2013, he won the Sanremo Music Festival 

Mengoni represented Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 with the song "L'essenziale". He finished in 7th place. In 2023, he won the Sanremo Music Festival again and represented Italy at Eurovision with "Due vite", finishing 4th.

Noel Fielding

Noel Fielding (born 21 May 1973) is an English actor and comedian. He is currently a host of "The Great British Bake Off", a British television programme. He has been a host since 2017. He works with other hosts, such as: Sandi Toksvig (2017–2020), Matt Lucas (2020-2022) and Alison Hammond (2023–present).

Patricia Bredin

Patricia Bredin (14 February 1935 - 13 August 2023) was an English actress and former singer. She won the Festival of British Popular Songs in 1957. 

After winning the Festival of British Popular Songs, she became the first person to represent the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 1957 with the song "All". She finished 7th place out of 10 entries. Following this, she starred in multiple British films and television shows.

Her first husband, Ivor Emmanuel, died on their honeymoon. Bredin owned a farm of cows for over ten years and released a memoir called "My Fling on the Farm." Bredin died on 13 August 2023 in Nova Scotia.

AEW Collision

AEW Collision is a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is shown on Saturdays at 9 p.m. Eastern Time (ET). It first started airing on June 17, 2023. It is viewed as one of AEW's secondary programs. It is the main secondary show, replacing "Rampage" in that spot.

"Collision" airs on TNT in the United States, TSN's app and direct service in Canada, ITV4 in the United Kingdom, and more.

On February 15, 2023, the name "Collision" was trademarked by All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

The show "AEW Collision" was officially announced by AEW on May 17, 2023. The announcement said that "Collision" would be two hours, air on Saturdays at 8 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) and start June 17, 2023.

It was reported that "Collision" would take "Rampage'"s spot as a main secondary program and that "Rampage" would take over the duty of both "Dark" and "" after they were cancelled to make way for "Collision".

Tagalog people

The Tagalog people (Tagalog: mga Tagalog) are the largest ethnic group in the Philippines. An Austronesian people, the Tagalogs are local to the Metro Manila and Calabarzon regions of southern Luzon, and include the most in the provinces of Bulacan, Bataan, Nueva Ecija and Aurora in Central Luzon and in the islands of Marinduque and Mindoro in Mimaropa.

Takanobu Nishi

Takanobu Nishi is a Japanese archer. He was born on 12 March 1951. Nishi competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Kiyokazu Nishikawa

Kiyokazu Nishikawa is a Japanese archer. He was born on 10 November 1972. Nishikawa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Deborah Ann Woll

Deborah Ann Woll (born February 7, 1985) is an American actress. She well known for playing Jessica Hamby in the HBO drama series "True Blood" (2008–2014) for which she earned her a nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award. She then starred as Karen Page in the Marvel series "Daredevil" (2015–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and "The Punisher" (2017–2019). Her movie roles include "Mother's Day" (2010), "Seven Days in Utopia" (2011), "Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You" (2011), "Catch .44" (2011), "Ruby Sparks" (2012), "Meet Me in Montenegro" (2014), "The Automatic Hate" (2015), and the commercially-successful "Escape Room" (2019) and its 2021 sequel. In 2022, she was the voice and did the motion capture of Faye in the video game "".

WAGR Ja class

The WAGR Ja class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1907 to 1924.

The Ja class resulted from the rebuilding of the J class at Midland Railway Workshops in 1907 to improve performance, fitting them with Q class boilers left over from Qa class conversions, the frames of the J class having to be extended to accommodate for the boilers. In this form, the locos steamed better and reportedly did good work on mixed trains. By 1913 the Ja designation was abolished reverting back to the J class as all original locos had been converted. All were withdrawn in early 1924 and after repairs were sold off into the timber industry.

Carrossel

Carrossel is a Brazilian children's telenovela. It was created by Íris Abravanel. It originally aired on SBT from 21 May 2012 to 26 July 2013. The series stars Maisa Silva, Guilherme Seta, Rosanne Mulholland, Larissa Manoela and Jean Paulo Campos.


Naoto Oku

Naoto Oku is a Japanese archer. He was born on 16 October 1971. Oku competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Toyoko Oku

Toyoko Oku is a Japanese archer. She was born on 14 June 1966. Oku competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Ai Ouchi

Ai Ouchi is a Japanese archer. She was born on 17 September 1974. Ouchi competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Minako Sato

Minako Sato is a Japanese archer. She was born on 20 September 1955. Sato competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Ichiro Shimamura

Ichiro Shimamura is a Japanese archer. He was born on 11 March 1949. Shimamura competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Hiroshi Yamamoto

Hiroshi Yamamoto is a Japanese archer. He was born on 31 October 1962. Yamamoto competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Azusa Yamauchi

Azusa Yamauchi is a Japanese archer. She was born on 11 September 1998. Yamauchi competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Kyoko Yamazaki

Kyoko Yamazaki is an archer from Japan. She was born on 3 November 1954. Yamazaki competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Iliana Biridakis

Iliana Biridakis is a retired Jordanian archer. She was born on 29 September 1959. Biridakis competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

WAGR C class

The WAGR C class were a total of 22 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1902 to 1961.

The C class were originally built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works (BLW) of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA in 1902 for use on mixed passenger services and mail trains on the Eastern Railway, Eastern Goldfields Railway, and the Great Southern Railway, later venturing further to the Northern Railway and South Western mainline.

10 of the class were built at Midland Railway Workshops as the Ca class, and the original was rebuilt from 1908 to 1918. From 1929 seventeen were superheated becoming the Cs class. Four were allocated to the Railway Department's own sawmill at Banksiadale in the early 1950s becoming the last of the class in service and were sold off along with the sawmill in 1961, and after road transport rendered the locos surplus to requirements they were sent to Subiaco and scrapped in 1964.

Ilfat Abdullin

Ilfat Rinatovich Abdullin is a Kazakhstani archer. She was born on 29 September 1959. Abdullin competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Anastassiya Bannova

Anastassiya Bannova is an archer from Kazakhstan. She was born on 26 February 1989. Bannova competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

WAGR Ca class

The WAGR Ca class were a total of 10 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1949.

The Ca class were built at Midland Railway Workshops in 1915 as 4-6-2 tender engines, matching the rebuilt design of the standard C class which was originally built as a 4-6-0. In 1919 the Ca designation was abolished as all C class engines were practically identical, so all had the 'a' suffix dropped. All were rebuilt to Cs class specifications from 1929 to 1949, with the last scrapped in 1964 at Subiaco.

WAGR Cs class

The WAGR Cs class were a total of 16 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1929 to 1961.

The Cs class were the result of superheating standard C class locomotives from 1929 to 1949. The Cs class turned out to be a success hence why conversions continued until the late 1940s. Withdrawals started in the 1950s with the arrival of the W class, by 1961 all had been withdrawn, with the last scrapped in 1964 at Subiaco.

WAGR D class

The WAGR D class were a total of 20 large side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1912 to 1964.

The D class were built by the North British Locomotive Coy as 4-6-4s for suburban passenger services in and around Perth, however, some also performed goods runs to Bunbury and Northam. All but one were superheated from 1932 forming the Ds class, one of which also had its side tanks extended, becoming the prototype for the Dm and Dd classes. Withdrawals started in 1953 until the last was withdrawn in 1965, all were scrapped.

WAGR Ds class

The WAGR Ds class were a total of 19 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1931 to 1964.

The D class were the result of fitting superheated boilers to the standard D class, this was done to all but 1 from 1931. Withdrawals started in 1953 with the last scrapped and withdrawn in 1965.

WAGR Dm class

The WAGR Dm class were a total of 8 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1945 to 1971.

The Dm class came about due to pressures resulting from aging and overworked motive power which was already understocked. The Dm class were based on the D class suburban tank engines and were constructed from E class tender engines. They operated commuter services in Perth and performed banking duties along the Midland to Chidlow section of the Eastern Railway. The first of the class was withdrawn in 1968 and the last in 1971, with all being scrapped.

WAGR Dd class

The WAGR Dd class were a total of 10 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1946 to 1972.

The Dd class were built from scratch at Midland Railway Workshops for suburban service in Perth. However, they did work as far as Bunbury on the South Western mainline and Merredin on the Eastern Railway. The first was withdrawn in 1969 with the rest following in 1971 to 1972 with the end of steam on the WAGR.

Two of the Dd have been preserved, No. 592 is on display at the ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum and No. 596 is also owned by the ARHS but is displayed at Gosnells Railway Markets.

Karen Page

Karen Page is a fictional Marvel Comics character and is the love interest of the superhero Daredevil, under Matt Murdock's employ as his legal secretary. In 1999, Page was killed by Bullseye, and since the 1980s her role as primary love interest has been superseded by Elektra Natchios. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Bill Everett, she first appeared in "Daredevil" #1 (April 1964).

Karen Page was portrayed by Ellen Pompeo in the 2003 feature movie "Daredevil", and by Deborah Ann Woll in the Marvel Television streaming television productions "Daredevil", "The Defenders", and "The Punisher", set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). She will return in Marvel Studios Disney+ series "".

WAGR E class

The WAGR E class were a total of 65 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1902 to 1963.

The E class were built by Nasmyth, Wilson & Coy of Salford, England and Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows, England for use on long-distance expresses. They were the first 4-6-2 locomotives in Australia, a further 20 were built in 1911 by the North British Locomotive Coy.

Upon the E classes' entry into service, they were an immediate success and from 1924 to 1925 most were superheated, becoming the Es class. In 1934 two E class locos had their weight reduced becoming the Ea class, and several more were converted while being superheated and classified Eas. The last E class was withdrawn in 1963. No. 308 is preserved at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Figueira da Foz

Figueira da Foz is a city and a municipality in the Coimbra District in Portugal. In 2011, 62,125 people lived there.

Aveiro District

Aveiro District () is in the central coastal region of Portugal. The capital of the district is the city of Aveiro.

Aveiro District has 19 municipalities:

Braga District

The district of Braga () is a district in the northwest of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Braga. It is bordered by the district of Viana do Castelo in the north, Vila Real in the east, Galicia (a Spanish autonomous community) in the northeast and Porto in the south. Its area is . 831,368 people live there.

The district has 14 municipalities:

Porto District

The District of Porto () is on the north-west coast of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Porto, the second largest city in the country. It is bordered by the Aveiro and Viseu districts to the south, Braga district to the north and Vila Real district to the east. Its area is . 1,817,172 people live there.

The district has 18 municipalities:

WAGR Es class

The WAGR Es class were a total of 19 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1924 to 1958.

The Es class were the result of superheating the standard E class which was built for express services. The superheated boilers were built by Midland Railway Workshops who fitted them to the E class when they went in for repairs. In their superheated form, the engines consumed less coal and were more cost-efficient on heavier trains. Some were fitted with larger cylinders and classed Esl, those who retained original cylinders became Eso - however, these designations were later dropped, becoming simply the Es class. No. 308 has been preserved and is on display at Bassendean Railway Museum.

Viseu District

The District of Viseu ( ) is in the Central Inland of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Viseu.

The district has 24 municipalities:

Beja District

The District of Beja () is in southern Portugal. The district capital is the city of Beja. It is the largest district of the country by area.

The district has 14 municipalities: 

Leiria District

The District of Leiria () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Leiria.

Santarém District

The District of Santarém () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Santarém. Its area is . 475,344 people live there.

The district has 21 municipalities:

Castelo Branco District

The District of Castelo Branco () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Castelo Branco. Its area is . 225,916 people live there.

The district has 11 municipalities:

Castelo Branco, Portugal

Castelo Branco is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the district of the same name. In 2021, 52,291 people lived there.

Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug

Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug–Yugra (Russian and Mansi: Ханты-Мансийский автономный округ — Югра, "Khanty-Mansiysky avtonomny okrug — Yugra;" Khanty: Хӑнты-Мансийской Aвтономной Округ) is a federal subject of Russia (an autonomous okrug of Tyumen Oblast). In 2010, 1,532,243 people lived there. The administrative center is Khanty-Mansiysk.

Khanty-Mansiysk

Khanty-Mansiysk (, lit. "Khanty-Mansi Town"; Khanty: , "Jomvoćś"; Mansi: , "Abga") is a city in Russia. It is the administrative center of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug. In 2010, 80,151 people lived there.

Grocer

In the United Kingdom and other countries, a grocer, grocery store or a greengrocer is a type of shop that has historically sold food, mostly vegetables and fruits with sometimes addition of other food items. A greengrocer sold mostly fresh fruit and vegetables. Grocers sold more varied food. Grocers shops are usually small. They are often owned by one or two people - a sole trader or partnership with perhaps a delivery boy or girl on a trade bicycle. They are sometimes turned into corporations but that is rare for single-site businesses. When talking about a greengrocer a person may mean the people that work in such a shop or the shop itself. In the UK and the Commonwealth of Nations, during the Victorian period and up to the middle 21st century, before supermarkets grouped together different shops like bakers, butchers and grocers into a single building, grocers were where most people got their fruits and vegetables. Whilst supermarkets have taken over the role of the type of shop where people buy fruits and vegetables individual greengrocers do still exist, especially in developing countries where supermarkets are not yet used as often or in rural towns out in the countryside. Today greengrocers typically cost more to shop at than the cheaper supermarkets because supermarkets can buy much more food at a time than a grocer can and pay cheaper prices: known as an economies of scale.

Food shops have been around since antiquity. Originally each type of merchandise had a specialised shop where one would go to buy their goods and wares. Before shops, would people typically obtained goods by the barter method or by purchasing locally grown foods and locally made goods from local sellers. Beginning with Middle Eastern towns in the 7th millennium BCE, retail marketplaces emerged when civilizations created money to allow buying and selling more easily. These open-air markets were the first type of retail outlet that could be called shops. By the 17th century, permanent shops with more regular trading hours were beginning to overtake markets and fairs as the main retail outlet. Shopkeepers were active in almost every market town. These shopkeepers sold general merchandise, much like a contemporary convenience store or a general store. As the number of shops grew, they changed. The shopfronts and layouts became more like what people see today. Before the eighteenth century, the typical retail store had no counter, display cases, chairs, mirrors, changing rooms, etc. However, the opportunity for the customer to browse merchandise, touch, and feel products began to be available, with retail innovations from the late 17th and early 18th centuries. By the Victorian period greengrocers were an everyday part of most English towns. This situation continued pretty much the same until the late Victorian period when shops that offered a wider range of products began to be seen. However, in villages, the population could not support larger shops and the reliance on small trade outlets such as greengrocers, bakers, butchers, and general ware shops was the norm. About the turn of the century corner shops (so-called convenience shops) sprang up as mini supermarkets offering all forms of retail items. In the mid-twentieth century, towns were growing larger as people moved from rural areas to urban areas in search of jobs due to the industrial revolution. This made it possible for supermarkets to thrive. Specialized shops such as the baker, butcher, and grocer began to close. In the first decade of the 2000s there was a decline of close to 3000 registered greengrocers on Britain's streets. In April 1997 there were 6,916 registered greengrocers but this had declined to 3,948 by April of 2008.

The Worshipful Company of Grocers has been a trade organization and one of the original "Great" Livery Companies of the City of London holding precedence second in the list of the original companies. Beginning as the Pepperers in 1180 the company was in charge of seeing that spices and pepper were not adultered (were pure) acting as a health and safety organization protecting the public long before laws would be made to do the same. By 1426 the Grocers had moved their headquarters to Grocers Hall in the City of London. The Company had a great influence on the King and on government especially regarding trade and taxation.

With more mechanised transport people began to move back from the cities into the countryside where smaller shops once again found favour. It became trendy to shop at individual shops like the grocers, bakers, and butchers as people had more disposable income and could afford the higher prices. There was also the feeling that people were getting higher quality food from smaller shops and were doing their bit to support local retailers. In some places, greengrocers are making a comeback as people prefer to have the perceived freshness and better person-to-person customer service of a smaller shop.

Coimbra District

The District of Coimbra () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Coimbra.

The district has 17 municipalities:

Miranda do Corvo

Miranda do Corvo is a town and a municipality in the Coimbra District in Portugal. Its area is 126.38 km². In 2011, 13,098 people lived there.

Faro District

Faro District () is the southernmost district of Portugal. The area is the same as that of the Algarve region. The district capital is the city of Faro.

The district has 16 municipalities:

Viana do Castelo District

The District of Viana do Castelo () is in northwest Portugal. The district capital is the city of Viana do Castelo.

The district has 10 municipalities:

Guarda District

The district of Guarda () is in north Portugal. The district capital is the city of Guarda.

The district has 14 municipalities:

Guarda, Portugal

Guarda is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the Guarda District. In 2021, 40,126 people lived there.

Portalegre District

The District of Portalegre () is in east Portugal. The district capital is the city of Portalegre.

The district has 15 municipalities:

Bragança District

The District of Bragança () is in northeast Portugal. It is on the border with Spain. The district capital is the city of Bragança.

The district has 10 municipalities:

Portalegre, Portugal

Portalegre is a municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the Portalegre District. In 2021, 22,368 people lived there.

Bragança, Portugal

Bragança is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the Bragança District. In 2011, 35,341 people lived there. Its area is 1173.57 km².

Belmonte, Portugal

Belmonte is a municipality in the Castelo Branco District in Portugal. In 2011, 6,859 people lived there. Its area is 118.76 km².

Covilhã

Covilhã is a city and municipality in the Castelo Branco District in Portugal. In 2021, 46,455 people lived there.

Fundão, Portugal

Fundão is a city and municipality in the Castelo Branco District in Portugal. In 2021, 26,509 people lived there.

Jadeja

The Jadeja (also spelled Jarejo) (Gujarati: ) is a Rajput clan who claim to be descended from the legendary Jamshed of Iran. They also claim descent from Lord Krishna, a Abhira. althrought the word "Jadeja" possbily is derived from 'jadum or Jadam'. Some scholars, regard them as Ahirs. They originated from pastoral communities and laid a claim on the Rajput identity after marriages with Sodha Rajput women by adopting a process called Rajputisation.

WAGR Esl class

The WAGR Esl class were express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Esl resulted from fitting the Es class with larger 19-inch diameter cylinders. The 'l' suffix stands for 'large', with 's' meaning 'superheated', hence E class superheated large-cylinders or Esl. By the early 1940s, the Esl designation was folded into the Es designation like the Eso classification, though they continued with Esl modifications. None survived into preservation.

WAGR Eso class

The WAGR Eso class were express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Eso was a designation reserved for Es class (superheated E class) locomotives that retained their original 17-inch cylinders in contrast to those that were rebuilt with 19-inch cylinders and classed Esl. By the early 1940s, the Eso classification was abandoned being replaced by the regular Es designation which all under the former classification carried until their withdrawals.

WAGR Ea class

The WAGR Ea class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1934 to 1939.

The Ea class were the result of rebuilding several E class engines with less weight to run on lighter-laid lines, this was a success. Es class locos were also converted, becoming the Eas class. Despite being successful all had been reverted to their original form by the 1940s. None of the Ea class survives today, however, one Es class is displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Eas class

The WAGR Eas class were a total of 4 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1934 to 1937.

The Eas class were the result of altering the Es class to weigh less in order to work on lighter-laid lines around the network, where more powerful locos were required. Despite the modifications being a success all were reconverted to Es class engines from 1936 to 1937, exactly why isn't known.

WAGR Ec class

The WAGR Ec class were a total of 20 heavy-duty steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1901 to 1925.

The Ec class were built by the Baldwin Locomotives Works (BLW) of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA as compounds in place of the awaiting E class, which were also 4-6-2s from Britain. They were assembled at Fremantle Railway Workshops and entered service on the Eastern Goldfields Railway from Northam to Southern Cross.

Some were converted to weigh less to work on lighter-laid lines, being classed the Eca class. Overall the engines were considered a success and were significantly rebuilt from 1923 to 1925 like other aging locomotives that were considered a success, in this form they were reclassified the L class.

Surya Majapahit

Surya Majapahit is a symbol that is found in the ruins of Kingdom of Majapahit era The Symbol is a Sun weight eight rays and a circular disk middle that depicts the gods from the Hindu religion it may be produced after combining the celestial diagram with the Majapahit Solar Sun, or with the normal sun. Since it was often used in the Majapahit era, it may also function as a symbol of the Majapahit Kingdom.

WAGR Eca class

The WAGR Eca class were a total of 9 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1920 to 1925.

The Eca class were the result of reducing the weight of the Ec class 4-6-2 heavy-duty goods engines to run on lighter-laid lines that required more motive power. Conversions started in 1920 but were halted in 1923 when all Ec and Eca class locos were drastically rebuilt as the L class to modernise them for the 1920s.

WAGR L class

The WAGR L class were a total of 20 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1924 to 1958.

The L class were the result of significantly rebuilding the Ec class 4-6-2 heavy goods engines with new boilers, cylinders, and valve gear at Midland Railway Workshops. They operated goods services from Northam to Wongan Hills and onto Mullewa, while also running to Meekatharra on the Northern Railway.

One-point cylinder lubrication was first trialled on the L class being so successful that it became standard on all WAGR stock from then on. The class became riddled with metal fatigue in the 1930s, having new frames fitted to 14 of the class up until 1948. The L class were displaced by the W class and the last was scrapped around 1965

Forts in India

By the 4th century BC, fortified cities were common in India, with the largest being between Mathura and Magadha. The most notable description is one by Megasthenes, who described Pataliputra as guarded by a ditch with wooden walls and 570 towers and 54 gates.

Ancient Indian forts, found in shastras and stupa reliefs, had crenellations, embrasures, and sloping walls. The Arthashastra, an Indian treatise on military strategy, identifies six major types of forts based on their defense modes: Jala-durga (water fort), Antardvipa-durga (island fortress), Sthala-durga (plain fortress), Dhanvana- or Maru-durga (Desert Fort), Giri-durga (Hill fort), Prantara-durga (flat hill summit), Giri-parshva-durga (fortifications and civilian structures extend down to the hill slope), Guha-durga (valley surrounded by hills), Vana-durga (forest fort), Khanjana-durga (built on a fen surrounded by thorny forests), Sthambha-durga (built in the forest among tall trees), Mahi-durga (earthen fort), Parigha-durga (surrounded by earthen walls), Panka-durga (surrounded by fens or quicksand).

The term "fort" became common in India in the 17th-19th century, with local languages adding fort names to local words. British forts used simple designs at first. Many were privately owned. Three major methods of building were used: earthen ramparts, rubble with earth on the outside, or stone and masonry work, which were the strongest. Earthen ramparts allowed for higher and steeper walls, but the earthen core could accumulate water, requiring drainage channels. The third method involved using mortar, which was strong and long-lasting. In medieval India, burying humans in fort walls was believed to keep evil spirits away. The Sri Qila in Delhi buried 8,000 Mughal skulls, and Purandar Fort had a first-born son and wife buried in the foundation. Other fortifications included rock cut water cisterns, ponds, wells, and lakes. Parapets with merlons and loopholes were unique in Indian fortifications. The merlons were semicircular and pointed at the top. Loopholes were made in both merlons and crenels, either looking forward or downward. The shape of loopholes and merlons varied across the castle.

Muslim forts featured a citadel in the center and more space between the citadel and walls. Gates were highly decorated, with two distinct styles: Hindu with a lintel and Mughal with an arch. Forts used natural rock formations for defense against attacks, and the main gate was mostly facing north.

The British established trading posts along the coast to provide security against local rajas and European rival nations. Forts like Mumbai, Fort William, and Fort St George were built. They were simple due to the East India Company's refusal to pay more and the lack of trained engineers. However, hostilities with the French and the Company's growing power led to more complex designs. Many Indian forts were abandoned due to rulers' ambitions and have deteriorated over time, with some remaining private property.

HE 1523-1155

HE 1523-1155 is a metal-poor star in the constellation Libra, the star is located at 15,689 light years away from earth.

Sole proprietorship

A Sole Proprietorship is a type of unincorporated business owned by a single person sand not registered as a corporation. Its profits, debts and taxes are all the financial responsibility of the sole person who is the owner. The owner pays personal income tax on profits earned from the business and is solely responsible for all debts of the business. This means that if they have financial problems it is possible for them to lose their own money or even their house.

Pseudophilautus rugatus

Pseudophilautus rugatus is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. People have seen it two places: the Farnlands and Taralanda.

This frog is extinct. There are no frogs of this species alive now. Scientists believe they died because human beings changed the places where the frog lives.

One female frog was 17.5 mm long from nose to rear end.

Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia

Lunenburg county Nova Scotia is a section of Nova Scotia coast, the county stretches from Halifax Regional Municipality all the way down

Hylodes dactylocinus

Hylodes dactylocinus is a frog. It lives in Sao Paulo, Brazil. People have seen it on the east side of Serra do Itatins.

Ant &amp; Dec

Ant & Dec (Ant McPartlin; born 1975) and (Dec Donnelly; born 25 September 1975) are British doubleacts were born in Newcastle upon Tyne.
They have been hosts for many game shows and Reality television series, including "I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here", English talent show Britain's Got Talent and Limitless Win. They met as both were involved in a CBBC series named Byker Grove.

Hylodes fredi

Hylodes fredi is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. People have seen it on an island called Ilha Grande.

Hylodes pipilans

Hylodes pipilans is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Serra dos Órgãos, between 245 and 814 meters above sea level.

Milly Scott

Marion Henriëtte Louise Molly (born 29 December 1933), also known as Milly Scott, is a Dutch singer and actress from a Surinamese family. She is known for being the first black singer to compete in the Eurovision Song Contest.

Scott often faced racism during her career. She began her career in 1953 and worked across Europe with several celebrities including Judy Garland. 

In 1966, Scott won the Dutch contest "National Song Festival" and was chosen to represent the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966. Her song only received 2 points and finished in fifteenth place out of 18.

Imgflip

Imgflip is an Internet meme generating website that allows users to create memes using Artificial Intelligence, text, animated GIF files, images, videos and other digital mediums. Imgflip is owned by Crunchbase which describe imgflip as "an online website for creating and sharing images. It is specialized in memes and GIFs"

Rosie's Rules

Rosie's Rules is a children's animated television series that premiered on October 3, 2022 on PBS Kids and October 11, 2022 on TVOKids, but Got Cancelled in December 31 2023. The show is produced by 9 Story Media Group and its animation division Brown Bag Films.


Self-medication

Self-medicating is a contraversial practuice. It involves the use of drugs by a non-doctor to relieve unwanted symptoms the user has. It differs from recreational drug use in that the drug use is not for fun. Users that administer drugs in this way have usually been diagnosed or have substantial evidence that they have an illness. Self-medication drugs may be obtained by doctors, on-line or from illegal drug dealers. They may also be so desperate to relieve their symptoms, they might steal from the drug from friends, family and any other route they might find.

Australia national Australian rules football team

Australia has a senior Australian rules football team, called the All-Australian team, since 1947. This team, however, does not compete against other countries because a team made of the best Australian players would be too good to play against teams made of the best international players.


List of national Australian rules football teams

This is a list of national Australian rules football teams.

All-Australian team

The All-Australian team is a ceremonial Australian rules football team. The last time it played was against Victoria in 2020 for the State of Origin for Bushfire Relief Match.

AFL Women's All-Australian team

The All-Australian team is a ceremonial women's Australian rules football team.

Victoria Australian rules football team

The Victoria Australian rules football team represents the state of Victoria in Australian rules football.

South Australia Australian rules football team

The South Australia Australian rules football team represents the state of South Australia in Australian rules football.

Western Australia Australian rules football team

The Western Australia Australian rules football team represents the state of Western Australia in Australian rules football.

New South Wales Australian rules football team

The New South Wales Australian rules football team represents the state of New South Wales in Australian rules football.

Queensland Australian rules football team

The Queensland Australian rules football team represents the state of Queensland in Australian rules football.

Tasmania Australian rules football team

The Tasmania Australian rules football team represents the state of Tasmania in Australian rules football.

Northern Territory Australian rules football team

The Northern Territory Australian rules football team represents the Northern Territory in Australian rules football.

Australian Capital Territory Australian rules football team

The Australian Capital Territory Australian rules football team represents the Australian Capital Territory in Australian rules football.

Love Is the Law (The Seahorses song)

"Love Is the Law" is a 1997 debut single by British band The Seahorses and is the leading single from their only studio album "Do It Yourself". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Scotland, number 38 in Sweden and number 11 in Ireland.

UK, Japanese, and Australian CD single

UK 7-inch single

Viktoriya Beloslyudtseva

Viktoriya Beloslydtseva is an archer from Kazakhstan. She was born on 9 January 1972. Beloslyudtseva competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Sultan Duzelbayev

Sultan Duzelbayev is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 12 March 1994. Duzelbayev competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Electric Feel

"Electric Feel" is a 2008 song by MGMT and is the second single from their debut studio album "Oracular Spectacular". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in Ireland, number 10 in New Zealand, number 7 in Australia and number 53 in Canada.

Gavin Royfee

Gavin Ernest Royfee was born 20 February, 1929 in Christchurch and died 10 July, 2023 in Spreydon, Christchurch. He was a New Zealand first-class cricketer who played three first-class matches for Canterbury in Plunket Shield in the 1952/53 season.


Rudolf Strittich

Rudolf Strittich (3 March 1922 – 10 July 2010) was an Austrian football player and coach.
Strittich began his career at SK Vorwärts Steyr. He played in the first team at the age of 14. 1938/39 went to the German-Bohemian DFC Graslitz. He won the Gau Sudetenland championship in 1940. In 1942 he moved to First Vienna FC. During the war years, Strittich was also briefly active at Hertha BSC.

After the end of the war he played in Steyr. In the winter break he went back to First Vienna FC. The team reached the final of the ÖFB Cup in 1946. In 1950 his career in the Austrian league was abruptly interrupted He and Ernst Sabeditsch were convicted of smuggling raw opium after a Vienna tour of Egypt. They were banned by the ÖFB for a year. After two years abroad he returned to Vienna in 1952, Then he went to France and played for RCFC Besançon . After two seasons he ended his active career due to health reasons.

He played four matches for the Austrian national football team betwenn 1946 and 1949. He debuted on 6 October 1946 in a 2-0 loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 13 November 1949 in a 5-2 win versus Yugoslavia.
In 1955 he began his coaching career at SK Sturm Graz. Then he moved to France. He became coach at his former club RC Besançon. In the spring of 1957 he looked after SV Stickstoff Linz. His next stop abroad was FC Basel in Switzerland. Then he managed Apollon Kalamarias in Greece. After a stint at his parent club Vorwärts Steyr, he moved to Denmark at the beginning of 1961. There he spent the majority of his coaching career. He took over Esbjerg fB. He led the club to the first two championship titles. After a season in Steyr, he returned to Denmark to Viborg FF. Then heagain became coach of Esbjerg from 1965 to 1967. There he won his third championship title. After two years at Aalborg BK, Strittich was appointed coach of the Danish national football team in 1970. He coached the team until 1975. In the 1975/76 season he looked after the Spanish second division club Real Murcia. From 1976 to 1979 he coached Esbjerg again and won his fourth championship title. Strittich then returned to Austria and was briefly coach at Austria Salzburg in 1980.
as player:
as coach:

Ekana Cricket Stadium

Ekana Cricket Stadium is an international standard cricket stadium in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, named after one of the Lord Vishnu's name Ekana. It is a stadium under public-private partnership, built during Samajwadi Party's Government led by Akhilesh Yadav. With a seating capacity of 50,000, it is the third largest international cricket stadium in India.

On 6 November 2018, the stadium hosted its first international match, a Twenty20 International (T20I) between India and the West Indies, becoming the 52nd stadium in India to host an international cricket match. In that match Rohit Sharma became the first cricketer to score four centuries in T20Is. India won that match by 71 runs. The last time Lucknow hosted an international match was in January 1994, when India played a Test match against Sri Lanka at the K. D. Singh Babu Stadium. 
Before its international debut, it also hosted the final of the 2017–18 Duleep Trophy.

Wuxi

Wuxi is a city in China in the province of Jiangsu.

The name Wuxi comes from the "old Chinese language," rather than reflecting the presence of tin in the area. So you might wonder what is the relationship between Wuxi and tin? Before wuxi is discovered in Han dynasty, it has a lot of tin, but after Japan raided China, wuxi became a Concession and they changed the name into Wuxi.

There are a lots of schools in Wuxi, including many international schools. Some of the famous international schools are Big Bridge (大桥), Golden Bridge (金桥), Wuxi Boston International School, and Nanwai Kings College.Wuxi has a lot of university. There is also of good university. The best one is Wuxi Vocational and Technical College it is 6★which is really high. There is also a lot of 5★College which is also high. They also have 1 to 4 ★which is also not bad.


Wuxi's climate.

Wuxi has an oceanic subtropical monsoon climate, mild and humid, with four distinct seasons and an average annual temperature of 15.5 °C. The average annual rainfall in Wuxi urban area is 1048 mm, the frost-free period is about 220 days, and the sunshine hours in Wuxi urban area are 2019.4 hours. The hottest month of the year is July, with an average monthly temperature of 28.0 °C. The coldest month of the year is January, with an average monthly temperature of 2.8 °C.
Why is the climate in Wuxi like this?

Wuxi City is mainly composed of plains, scattered with low mountains and residual hills. The southern part is a water network plain; The north is a high sand plain; The central part is a water network and polder field formed by lowlands; The southwest has a relatively high terrain and is a low mountain and hilly area in Yixing.

Money is easy to get in Wuxi.

Lingshan Buddhist Scenic Spot

The Ling Shan scenic area is located on the North shore of Tai hu lake in Wuxi and it famous for its Bronze Buddha statue which stands as one of the largest in the world. Lot's of people go there to see it. Vatican Palace Sacred Site, Huishan old town, Tai Hu Lake are all fantastic places to visit. you would love to go to the Wuxi, because a lots of the special places in Wuxi is relaxing, and it is so good to see the natural world in Wuxi.

TLC (album)

TLC is the self-titled fifth studio album by American girl group TLC, released on June 30, 2017, by their label 852 Musiq. It is the group's first album since "3D" (2002).

"TLC" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Credits for "TLC" adapted from AllMusic.

Kruševo Republic

The Kruševo Republic, sometimes spelled as Krushevo Republic (Bulgarian and , ), was a short-lived political entity created in 1903 by revolutionaries from the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) during the Ilinden Uprising in the city of Kruševo, now North Macedonia. Macedonian history books mention it as one of the first republics in the Balkans.

The republic only lasted 10 days before being dissolved after the Battle of Mečkin Kamen. The city of Kruševo also uses the flag of the Republic today. The Republic also had a parliament consisting of 60 members. Keith Brown says, based on the "language of home", the members might be classified as Aromanians, Macedo-Bulgarians and Albanians. Along with that the Council also elected an executive body—the Provisional Government—with six members (2 from a group) The Republic is also mentioned in the Macedonian national anthem Denes nad Makedonija.

In the early 20th century, Kruševo was populated by Slavs, Aromanians and Orthodox Albanians and Greeks, with the town inhabitants being part of various various Ottoman groups called millets, based on ethnicity and religion. The Patriarchists were the largest community, followed by Exarchists and the Ullah millet for the Aromanians. According to the ethnographer Vasil Kanchov's statistics at that time the town's inhabitants counted: 4,950 Bulgarians, 4,000 Vlachs (Aromanians) and 400 Orthodox Albanians.

On 3 August 1903, rebels captured the town of Kruševo and established a revolutionary government. The entity existed only for 10 days: from 3 to 13 August, and was headed by Nikola Karev. He was a strong leftist, rejecting the nationalism of the ethnic minorities and favouring alliances with ordinary Muslims against the Sultanate, as well as supporting the idea of a Balkan Federation. there was a provisional goverment with 6 members whose duty was to promote law and order and manage supplies, finances, and medical care. Around this time the Kruševo Manifesto was published in the first days after the proclamation. Written by Nikola Kirov, it outlined the goals of the uprising, calling upon the Muslim population to join forces with the provisional government in the struggle against Ottoman tyranny, to attain freedom and independence.

Initially surprised by the uprising, the Ottoman government took extraordinary military measures to suppress it. Pitu Guli's band (cheta) tried to defend the town from Ottoman troops coming from Bitola. The whole band and their leader (voivode) perished. After fierce battles near Mečkin Kamen, the Ottomans managed to destroy the Kruševo Republic, committing atrocities against the rebel forces and the local population. As a result of the gunnery, the town was set partially ablaze. After the plundering of the town by the troops and the bashi-bazouks, the Turkish authorities sent a declaration for the inhabitants of Kruševo to sign, stating that the Bulgarians had committed the crimes and looted the town. Under pressure by the authorities, a few citizens did sign it.


Jagannath Temple, Puri

It is one of the Char Dham pilgrimage sites. The Puri temple is also famous because many legends believe that Krishna's heart was placed there and the material that it is made from damages the heart so they have to change it every twelve years.

Anantavarman Chodaganga - was a prominent king of the Eastern Ganga dynasty who ruled in 11-12th century AD. The Jagannath temple at Puri, Orissa was built by him in the 11th century. The Eastern Ganga dynasty reigned Kalinga from the 5th century AD to 15th century AD.

In Hindu mythology, wasting food is considered a bad sign; the Temple crew follows the same. A total number of people visiting the temple varies between 2,000 to 200,000 people every day. Miraculously, the Parsadam prepared every day is never wasted, not even a bite.

The most interesting Buddhist claim has to do with an unknown substance called “Brahma" that lies inside the navel of the main idol, Jagannath. Hindus say that it was the original blue stone, but Buddhists say that this Brahma is Buddha's tooth relic that was brought from Kushi Nagar, where he died, to Puri.

Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan

The Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDP) is a major opposition political party in Japan. The party is known for its center-left to left-leaning positions and its focus on issues such as constitutional reform, social welfare, and environmental policies.

Holly &amp; Phillip

Holly & Phillip were a British television presenting duo consisting of Holly Willoughby (born 10 February 1981) and Phillip Schofield (born 1960). They hosted shows together until 2023.

In 2009, Willoughby and Schofield started hosting The morning show together. In 2007, Willoughby and Schofield hosted Dancing on Ice together. In 2023, Schofield announced he was leaving the show after fifteen years. In 2023, Schofield said he had had an affair with younger colleague. He was removed as ambassador from the Princes Trust. He said he lost everything.

WAGR F class

The WAGR F class were a total of 57 freight steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1902 to 1972.

The F class were built by Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland and later its successor the North British Locomotive Coy from 1902 to 1913 as 4-8-0 locomotives for use on goods trains. Throughout their years of service, they were frequently fitted with experimental equipment.

Superheating of the F class began in 1924 and continued up to 1948 - resulting in the Fs class, though when they were relegated to shunting duties in the 1950s they were rebuilt to normal saturated locomotives for economic reasons. Two of the F class are preserved, No. 398 (452) at Collie, and Fs class No. 460 (407) at Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Fs class

The WAGR Fs class were a total of 55 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1923 to 1970.

The Fs class was the result of superheating the standard F class 4-8-0 goods engines improving fuel efficiency and creating greater haulage capacity. All but two of the F class would be superheated from 1923 to 1948 at Midland Railway Workshops. In the 1950s many of the Fs were rebuilt as saturated locos for shunting duties to improve the classes' economy. Fs class No. 460 is preserved at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Fsl class

The WAGR Fsl class were freight steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Fsl class resulted from rebuilds regarding the Fs class (superheated F class) to have larger cylinders to improve power performance. By the 1940s the Fsl, like the equivalent Esl classification had been abandoned and merged back with the Fs class along with the Fso class designation.

WAGR Fso class

The WAGR Fso class were freight steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Fso class was a designation assigned to regular Fs class (superheated F class) 4-8-0 locomotives to identify them from the Fsl class which had larger cylinders. Like the Esl and Eso classes, these sorts of classifications were abandoned by the 1940s, with both the Fso and Fsl classes being folded into the normal Fs class.

WAGR K class

The WAGR K class were a total of 24 heavy freight side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1893 to 1964.

The K class were built by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland from 1893 to 1898 for work on heavy goods trains on the Eastern Railway where upon their arrival they totally outclassed the B, G and later O classes. Some were superheated from 1915 to 1916, and one in 1929 as the Ks class however this was not a great success as by this time they were being used as shunters reducing the economic efficiency.

When the F class arrived in 1902 the K class was reallocated to the South Western mainline to Collie, replacing the O class on goods traffic. After handling local goods around Perth and Kalgoorlie along with other regional centres they became relegated to purely shunting roles by the 1920s. The last K class was withdrawn in 1964, all were scrapped.

WAGR Ks class

The WAGR Ks class were a total of 6 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1928.

The Ks class were the result of superheating the standard K class 2-8-4 of 1893. Only six of the twenty-four total were superheated as by this time most were working as shunting meaning superheating them wasn't economically viable. All but one were converted back to K class engines.

Nintendo 3DS Game Card

The 3DS Game Card (Like the DS Cartridge) is made for the Nintendo 3DS Family of systems is a white cartridge with a small notch on the top right.

The small notch is for preventing the 3DS cartridge from fitting into the Nintendo DS consoles, as they don't work for those systems.

Spree killer

Especially in the United States, the term spree killer is used for someone who commit several murders, usually in a short period of time. Very often, the killings are done in different locations. There is disagreement about what 'short time' means: The US Bureau of Justice Statistics speaks about "almost no time break between murders". Some academics say that there may be weeks or months between the murders. As an example, Andrew Cunanan killed five people over a period of three months. He is considered to be a spree killer.

Bomberman (1983 video game)

Altarpiece of Saint George

The Altarpiece of the Centenar de la Ploma or Altarpiece of Saint George of the Centenar de la Ploma is a large-scale international Gothic style altarpiece made around 1400 by Andreu Marçal de Sax and Miquel Alcanyís on behalf of the company of the Centenar de la Ploma and which symbolizes the battle of the Puig that took place in 1237. Currently, and following the acquisition made in 1864, the work is in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London .

In 1237, during the conquest of the kingdom of Valencia, James I had gained control of the fortification of Puig Castle . With his troops weakened due to the conquests, he received the warning of a counterattack by the Muslim forces, in this way he marched towards Catalonia to gather more troops, leaving Guillem Aguiló in charge. In his absence, the Muslim king Zayyan ibn Mardanix attacked the fortification. During the battle, while part of his troops were fighting the Muslims, Guillem Aguiló advanced from behind the hill sounding numerous trumpets and carrying flags taken from nearby ships, with the royal pennant at the head, making the Muslims believe that it was of James I arriving with an army. According to Bernat Desclot's Chronicle, at that moment Saint George appeared with his own army of knights, allowing the Christians to win the battle. 

On June 3, 1365, Pere the Ceremonious created the militia of the Centenar de la Ploma, initially called the Centenar of the Glorious Sant Jordi. After the Church of Sant Jordi in Valencia was consecrated on May 27, 1401, the Centenary commissioned an altarpiece for this church, which was made sometime between 1400 and 1420. Due to its dimensions and complexity, the work probably had several authors, mainly Marçal de Sax and Miquel Alcanyís, but also very likely Johan Utuvert and Gonçal Peris . 
In 1740 the altarpiece was still in the church, but it was demolished in 1807 and the altarpiece was lost until it appeared in Paris in 1864, dismantled in several pieces. After a period of negotiation, the altarpiece was bought by the South Kensington museum in London for 800 pounds or 20,000 francs, a high price for a work of this nature at the time. Since then, the altarpiece has been exhibited in that museum, now called the Victoria and Albert Museum . 

In 2010, negotiations began with the London museum for a temporary return of the altarpiece to Valencia, but ultimately they did not succeed. 

In 2019 the predella of the altarpiece, the part most in need of restoration, arrived at the Museum of Fine Arts in Valencia to be restored and analyzed, it remained on display between 2020 and 2021. The restoration lasted for a year and a half and made it possible to recover the original colors and brightness. 


Frøyningsfjell drum

The Frøyningsfjell drum ('Frøynings-mountain drum'), sometimes called the Folldal drum, is a famous drum that was taken from Sami people of Norway in 1723. In 2023, it came back to Norway. It is on display at Saemien Sijte, a museum in Trøndelag.

The drum has its origion in the mountains between Namsskogan and Høylandet in Namdalen in county Trøndelag. Place names here are Frøyningsfjellet and Folldalen. 

History: The drum has been [owned or] held by Meininger Museum since 1837. In 2023 the Meininger Museum gave the drum back to the Sami people.

The drum have been owned and used by a Sami shaman. It is not a musical instrument, but it looks like one, according to Dr. Philipp Adlung.


National monument (United States)

A United States national monument is a protected area that can be created from any land owned or controlled by the federal government by proclamation of the president of the United States or an act of Congress. In contrast, national parks in the U.S. must be created by Congressional legislation. Some national monuments were first created by presidential action and later designated as national parks by congressional approval.

Żubroń

A Żubroń (/ˈʒuːbrɒnj/; Polish: "żubroń" [ˈʐubrɔɲ]) is a hybrid (mix) of a cow and a wisent. The wisent is another name for the European bison. That means a żubroń is a lot like a beefalo. The name żubroń was picked from a lot of choices. Before that, people sent the choices into a Polish magazine in 1969.

Mac OS X Server 1.0

Mac OS X Server 1.0 is an operating system created by Apple. At first, the OS was called Rhapsody (operating system) from 1997-98, and then it was renamed in 1999.

Almost one month after its initial release date, Mac OS X Server 1.0.1 was released on 15 April 1999. Also, the Rhapsody kernel number was updated to 5.4.

Mac OS X Server 1.0.2 was released on 29 July 1999 and updated the kernel version to 5.5.

Mac OS X Server 1.2 was released on 14 January 2000 and updated the kernel version to 5.6. Also, the Blue Box emulator replaced Mac OS 8.5.1 with Mac OS 8.6.

Mac OS X Server 1.2 v3 is the newest version and was released on 27 October 2000 to support the newer PowerPC G4 systems.

Bev Craig

Bev Craig is a Labour councillor in Burnage, Manchester, England, and Leader of Manchester City Council. As leader she is also a member of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority and is the combined authority's portfolio lead for Economy, Business and Inclusive Growth.

Craig was elected Leader of Manchester City Council by the ruling Labour group of councillors in October 2021, and took over from Sir Richard Leese at a full meeting of the council when he retired on 1 December 2021.

Craig comes from Belfast and is the city council’s first female and LGBT leader. She grew up on a council estate just outside Belfast and moved to Manchester from Northern Ireland in 2003. She told the BBC: "I grew up in social housing and my family still rely on it. I know the value of [what] the safety net of a good quality home can give you when times are tough." and that she wanted "to reach a point where me being a woman and being gay is entirely uninteresting and unremarkable".

She graduated from Manchester University in 2007 with a degree in politics and modern history and later gaining a postgraduate in Local Government Management from Warwick Business School and a MA in public policy and governance from Manchester University, both while she had a full time job. She has had jobs across local government, higher education and working for the trade union UNISON.

Population bottleneck

A genetic bottleneck occurs when many individuals of a species are killed (or die) because of a natural event, such as a famine or a disease. The phenomenon is also called population bottleneck.The result of this, is that the gene pool will be smaller, and the genetic diversity will also be smaller, in future generations. This can have effects, such as an inbreeding depression.

Pseudophilautus eximius

Pseudophilautus eximius is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in exactly one place: the Queenswood Estate, 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is extinct. All frogs in this species are dead.

Kaun

Bishop Kaun is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Ring of Honor (ROH) and is one-third of the current ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champions. He also makes appearances in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is a member of the stable The Embassy and one-half of the tag team Gates Of Agony with Toa Liona.

In ROH, Kaun has been a three-time ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion.

On the May 4, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Kaun made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He faced Andrade El Idolo but lost. On the July 8 episode of "Rampage", Kaun would team with his Gates of Agony teammate Toa Liona and they would defeat the team of Jonathan Gresham and Lee Moriarty. This gave Kaun his first victory in AEW.

At Battle of the Belts IV, Gates of Agony would face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the ROH World Tag Team Championships but would lose.

On the July 21 episode of "Rampage", he would enter the Royal Rampage to determine the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship but it was won by Darby Allin.

On the September 1 episode of "Rampage", Gates of Agony would enter a battle Royal to determine the number one contenders for the ROH World Tag Team Championships but would lose to The Dark Order (Alex Reynolds & John Silver).

On September 3, 2023, he would compete in the Over Budget Charity Battle Royal at All Out: Zero Hour which was won by "Hangman" Adam Page.

On Night Two of Grand Slam, The Mogul Embassy (Kaun, Brian Cage & Toa Liona) would lose their ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships to The Elite (Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and "Hangman" Adam Page).


Rehab center

A residential treatment center (RTC), sometimes called a rehab, is a live-in health care facility that gives therapy for substance abuse disorders, mental illness, or other behavioral problems. Residential treatment may be seen as the "last-ditch" approach to treating these illnesses.

Sarguelas

Sarguelas is a unique and exotic fruit that thrives in specific regions of the world, celebrated for its remarkable qualities and delightful taste. This mysterious fruit has gained recognition among botanists, horticulturists, and food enthusiasts alike.

Description: Sarguelas is a small, pear-shaped fruit, known for its vibrant colors and distinctive appearance. Its skin is a rich shade of deep purple, with a glossy texture that adds to its visual appeal. The fruit's flesh is sweet and juicy, resembling a blend of tropical flavors, including elements of mango, passion fruit, and hints of citrus. Sarguelas is often praised for its pleasant aroma and delectable taste.

The Sarguelas tree, known scientifically as "Sarguelas regalis", is a tropical evergreen that can reach heights of up to 20 feet. Its leaves are broad and leathery, offering ample shade to the fruits that grow beneath their lush canopy. The tree produces these fruits seasonally, and each one ripens to perfection on the tree, ensuring maximum flavor and sweetness.

Cultural Significance: Sarguelas holds a special place in the cultures and traditions of the regions where it is cultivated. It is often used in festive celebrations and is considered a symbol of abundance and good fortune. In some cultures, it is believed that consuming Sarguelas can bring prosperity and happiness.

The fruit is also a popular ingredient in local cuisine, used in a variety of dishes ranging from salads to desserts. Sarguelas jam and preserves are highly sought after for their unique flavor profiles.

Cultivation and Distribution: Sarguelas is primarily grown in regions with a tropical climate, with countries in Southeast Asia and South America being known for their Sarguelas orchards. The fruit is typically harvested by hand to ensure its delicate skin remains intact, and it is transported to markets and stores where it is enjoyed by locals and visitors alike.

Popularity and Export: Over the years, the popularity of Sarguelas has spread beyond its region of origin, with international markets showing a growing interest in this delectable fruit. Exported fresh or in various processed forms, Sarguelas has found its way to culinary establishments and homes worldwide, delighting palates with its exotic and enticing taste.

Shesha

In Hinduism Shesha is a divine male serpent, king of all (snake), one of the primal begins of creation to from the bed upon vishnu, Shesha remains as he is. Cobra

Denis Gankin

Denis Gankin is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 13 December 1989. Gankin competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

He's Sure the Boy I Love

"He's Sure the Boy I Love" is a 1962 song by Darlene Love and The Blossoms but released by The Crystals. It was taken from The Crystal's second studio album "He's a Rebel" and went to number 11 in the United States.

Irina Leonova

Irina Leonova is a Kazakhstani archer. She was born on 3 February 1961. Leonova competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Saving Grace (song)

"Saving Grace" is a 2006 song by Tom Petty and is the leading single from his third studio album "Highway Companion". It went to number 100 in the United States and number 26 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks charts.



Wilhelm Kment

Wilhelm Kment (15 October 1914 – 22 December 2002) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played as a midfielder mainly for Wiener Sport-Club.

Willy Kment began his career with Landstraßer Amateure. He played for them at the age of 18. Then he moved to DSV Brno for a year. From 1937 to 1947 he played for the Wiener Sport-Club in the top Austrian league. The greatest success during this time was reaching the ÖFB Cup final in 1938 and becoming runner-up in the 1937–38 season.

Between 1954 and 1955 he coached SBK Drafn in Norway. Willy Kment started as a coach in the Netherlands with VVV Venlo in 1956. There they won 4-1 against ADO Den Haag in the final of the KNVB Cup in 1959.

In 1960 he became the Norwegian national coach. In 1962 Willy Kment returned to the Netherlands and managed DOS Utrecht for two years. Then he went to Feyenoord Rotterdam. He achieved the first double in the club's history in 1965.

After two runner-up finishes in 1966 and 1967, he returned to the Norwegian national team. Willy Kment returned to Austria in 1970. There he became coach of LASK in the National League for two years.
as player:
as manager:

Lace and Whiskey

Lace and Whiskey is the tenth studio album by Alice Cooper. It was released on 29 April, 1977 through Warner Bros. and went to number 42 in the United States, number 33 in the United Kingdom and number 3 in Australia.

Committee to Protect Journalists

The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) is a non-profit, non-governmental organization that works to advocate and protect the rights of journalists around the world. 

It is based in New York City. Its main goal is to make sure that journalists can report news freely without facing threats, violence or censorship. The CPJ monitors cases of journalists who are imprisoned, harassed or attacked because of their work. It also raises awareness about the importance of a free press and freedom of expression. By doing so, the CPJ helps to protect journalists and uphold the principles of journalism that are crucial in a democratic society.


Take Me to the River

"Take Me to the River" is a 1974 song originally written by Al Green and was taken from eighth studio album "Al Green Explores Your Mind". It went on to be covered by Syl Johnson, Talking Heads and Delbert McClinton.

In 1978, Talking Heads covered "Take Me to the River" for their second studio album "More Songs About Buildings and Food". It went to number 26 in the United States and Australia, number 20 in New Zealand and number 34 in Canada.

Zu Chongzhi

Zu Chongzhi, (; 429–500 AD), courtesy name Wenyuan (), was a Chinese astronomer, mathematician, politician, inventor. He worked in the Liu Song and Southern Qi dynasties.

He was born in Jiankang. His ancestors were from Baoding, Hebei. Emperor Xiaowu of Liu Song sent him to the Hualin Academy. In 461 he worked as an official in Nanxu (today Zhenjiang, Jiangsu).

He calculated the value of pi to be between 3.1415926 and 3.1415927. It is the most accurate estimate of Pi at the time.

House of Commons of Great Britain

The House of Commons of Great Britain was the lower house of the Parliament of Great Britain between 1707 and 1801. This was a result of the Acts of Union. It replaced the House of Commons of England and the third estate of the Parliament of Scotland. This was one of the most significant changes brought about by the Union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland into the Kingdom of Great Britain.

In 1801, the House was enlarged to become the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, as a result of the Act of Union of 1800 which combined Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

The constituencies which elected members in England and Wales did not change throughout the existence of the Parliament of Great Britain.

Sources:

House of Commons of England

The House of Commons of England was the lower house of the Parliament of England (which included Wales) from the 14th century to the union of England and Scotland in 1707. It was then replaced by the House of Commons of Great Britain. In 1801, with the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that house was in turn replaced by the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

The first parliament to invite representatives of the major towns was Montfort's Parliament in 1265. At the "Model Parliament" of 1295, representatives of the boroughs (including towns and cities) were admitted. It became the rule that each county send two knights of the shire, and that each borough send two burgesses. In 1341 the Commons met separately from the nobility and clergy for the first time, creating in effect an Upper Chamber and a Lower Chamber. The clergy and nobility became the House of Lords. 

While they were English possessions Calais, between 1372 and 1558, and Tournai, between 1513 and 1519, were represented in the Parliament.

James I and Charles I came to depend on the parliament for taxation and the disputes resulted in the English Civil War. The armed forces of Parliament won the war. In December 1648 the House of Commons was purged by the New Model Army, which was supposed to be under the control Parliament. Pride's Purge was the only military coup in English history. Then Charles I was beheaded and the Upper House was abolished. The unicameral Parliament that was left was later called the Rump Parliament It only had a small selection of Members of Parliament approved by the army – some of whom were soldiers themselves. In 1653, when leading figures in this Parliament began to disagree with the army, it was dissolved by Oliver Cromwell. The monarchy and the House of Lords were both restored with the Commons in 1660. The influence of the Crown had been decreased, and was less after James II was deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and the Bill of Rights 1689 was enacted.

Most individual goals scored by a footballer

Here are the top 10 most goals scored by one player.
Some players are controversial. Lajos Tichy holds the record with 1912 goals, but it is not confirmed yet.

Josef Bican is said by some sources to have had 805 , 950 , 1468 or even 1800.

Europa Galante

Europa Galante is an Italian period-instrument Baroque orchestra founded by violinist Fabio Biondi in 1990 and directed by him.


WAGR M class

The WAGR M class were a total of 13 successful Garratt steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1912 to 1955.

The M class was built by Beyer, Peacock & Coy from 1911 to 1913, they had recently negotiated the exclusive production of Garratt articulated engines manufactured out of the UK. The WAGR were the first to order Garratts of such size and quantity for a state system, playing a vital role in the global success of Garratt locomotives, the WAGR being somewhat of a trailblazer in this respect.

The M class were powerful locos designed to be able to run on lighter-laid lines and around sharp 5-chain radius curves, which they did to great effect, being more powerful than the F class while also having far greater route availability. The second batch was ordered as superheated and became the Ms class, though a standard M class was converted in 1934. Withdrawals began in 1947, with the last withdrawn and scrapped in 1955, none were preserved. They were succeeded by the Msa class Garratts.

WAGR Ms class

The WAGR Ms class were a total of 8 successful Garratt steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1913 to 1955.

The Ms class were ordered new from Beyer, Peacock & Coy as a superheated version of the standard M class which they built previously in 1911. Superheating improved their steaming qualities making them more favourable with crews for their free-steaming abilities. In 1934 a single M class, No. 389 was converted to a Ms at Midland Railway Workshops. Withdrawals for the class began in 1947 and continued until 1955 when all had been scrapped.

WAGR Msa class

The WAGR Msa class were a total of 10 Garratt steam locomotives that was run by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1930 to 1963.

The Msa class were designed as a slightly altered design of the Ms class (superheated M class), specifically for a record-heavy harvest of wheat in 1930. The Msa was the first Garratt constructed in the Southern Hemisphere, being built by Midland Railway Workshops.

They proved a great success, though wasted coal when compared to the Ms class and couldn't have all their parts unchanged with the Ms class. One was withdrawn in 1962 and the rest in 1963. One was supposed to be preserved but was accidentally scrapped by mistake, leaving nothing behind.

The Blade (wrestler)

Jesse Guilmette (born June 3, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is a one-half of the tag team The Butcher and the Blade with The Butcher.

Guilmette is also known for his time working for Ring of Honor (ROH), Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling / Impact Wrestling (TNA).

During his time in CZW, Guilmette was a one-time CZW World Tag Team Champion.

On the November 27, 2019 episode of "Dynamite", The Blade made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would emerge from under the ring in a mask and, along with The Butcher and The Bunny, would attack Cody after his match. On the December 11 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would team and they would defeat the team of Cody and Q. T. Marshall. This gave Blade his first victory in AEW.

On the Feburary 19, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would enter a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was ultimately won by the The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson). At All Out, Blade would enter the 21 Man Casino Battle Royale but it would be won by Lance Archer. On the October 21 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would compete in a four-way tag team match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was won by The Young Bucks.

At Revolution, Butcher and Blade competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale which was won by Death Triangle (Rey Fénix and Pac). At "The House Always Wins", Blade would compete in a 15 Man Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. The match would be won by Blade's tag team partner, The Butcher.

On the June 28 episode of "", Blade would defeat Chuck Taylor and get his first singles victory in AEW.

Butcher and Blade would face the Lucha Brothers (Penta El Zero Miedo and Rey Fénix) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships on the September 17 episode of "Rampage" but lost.

He is married to fellow AEW wrestler The Bunny.


All Out (2020)

All Out (2020) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 5, 2020 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The Tooth and Nail match took place in Britt Baker's real-life dentist office in Winter Park, Florida. It was the second All Out event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat MJF to retain the AEW International Championship. Moxley's finisher the Paradigm Shift was banned but he ended up hitting MJF with the Paradigm Shift anyways when the referee's back was turned and got the pinfall victory.

There was criticism for the match between Matt Hardy and Sammy Guevara. During the match, Hardy got speared off of a scissor lift by Guevara and was put through a table but he hit his head off of the concrete floor and appeared to be knocked out. After the match, he cleared an MRI and CT scan with no signs of a concussion.

Taurus Model 85

The Taurus Model 85 is a revolver-type firearm manufactured by Taurus International.

Nikola Vaptsarov

Nikola Vaptsarov (Bulgarian and ) was a Bulgarian poet and communist activist from the city of Bansko, today Bulgaria. After his death, in 1952, he won the International Peace Award.

Vaptsarov only managed to make one collection of poems before his execution in 1942 by the Bulgarian goverment, it was titled "Motorni Pesni" () which only contained 20 poems and was published in 1940. During World War II, he organized communist activities against the Bulgarian goverment. As a result, in 1942, he was captured, sentenced and killed by firing squad in Sofia.

He was born in Bansko (today in Bulgaria). Trained as a machine engineer at the Naval Machinery School in Varna, which was later named after him. His first service was on the famous Drazki torpedo boat. In this period, he embraced Marxism and spread the communist ideology during the 1930s. In April and May 1932, Vaptsarov visited Istanbul, Famagusta, Alexandria, Beirut, Port Said, and Haifa as a crew member of the Burgas vessel. In 1934, he joined the Bulgarian Communist Party.

Later, he went to work in a factory in the village of Kocherinovo – at first as a stoker and eventually as a mechanic. He was elected Chairman of the Association, protecting the rights of workers in the factory. Vaptsarov was devoted to his talent and spent his free time writing and organizing amateur theater pieces. He got fired after a technical failure in 1936. This forced him to move to Sofia, where he worked for the state railway service and the municipal incinerating furnace. He continued writing, and a number of newspapers published poems of his. The poem "Romantika" () won him a poetry contest.

In the late 1930s, he co-founded the Macedonian literary circle, which promoted the idea of a separate Macedonian nation. In 1940, he participated in the so-called "Sobolev action," gathering signatures for a pact of friendship between Bulgaria and the USSR. The illegal activity earned him an arrest and an internment in the village of Godech. After his release in September 1940, Vaptsarov got involved with the Central Military Committee of the Bulgarian Communist Party. His task was to organize the supply of guns and documents for the communist resistance. He was arrested in March 1942. On 23 July 1942, he was sentenced to death and shot the same evening along with eleven other men.

His only published poetry collection is "Motor Songs" (1940). Consisting of 20 poems and divided into four sections:


Post-war People's Republic of Bulgaria celebrated him as an activist and revolutionary poet, while his poetry collection was seen as an example of "proletarian" literature. Soviet-bloc countries also widely published his work. In 1949, the Bulgarian Naval Academy renamed itself "Nikola Vaptsarov Naval Academy". On 1953, he received the International Peace Award posthumously. Lawrence & Wishart published his "Selected Poems" in London in the 1950s, translated into English by British poet Peter Tempest. He was one of the most frequently translated Bulgarian poets. Vaptsarov Peak in eastern Livingston Island, Antarctica, is named after him. Today, his childhood home in Bansko and residence in Sofia are both museums. North Macedonia and the Macedonians in Bulgaria also honor him.

All Out (2019)

All Out (2019) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 31, 2019 at Sears Centre Arena in Hoffman Estates, Illinois. It was the first All Out event to take place. It is seen as the spiritual successor to the All In event that took place independently in the same arena and helped in the creation of All Elite Wrestling.

The main event saw Chris Jericho defeat "Hangman" Adam Page to become the very first AEW World Champion. Page would hit a Buckshot Lariat and then go for a Dead Eye but Jericho would hit Page with the Judas Effect and get the pinfall victory.

Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter said the event was great and gave the ladder match between the Lucha Brothers and The Young Bucks 5.25 out of 5 stars, saying it was one of the greatest ladder matches of all time.

Ponos

In Greek mythology, "Ponos" (Πόνος in Greek) is personified as the spirit of labor, toil, and hardship. He is often depicted as a winged youth, sometimes carrying a plough, symbolizing the effort and struggle involved in agricultural work. Ponos is considered one of the children of the primordial goddess Nyx, who personified the night.

Ponos is associated with the challenges and difficulties that humans face in their daily lives, particularly in activities that require physical or mental exertion. He embodies the concept that hard work and perseverance are often necessary for achieving success and prosperity.

While Ponos is not as prominent as some other figures in Greek mythology, his presence highlights the ancient Greeks' understanding of the importance of labor and the recognition that achieving one's goals often requires dedication and effort.

It's worth noting that Ponos is not as well-known or widely referenced as some other Greek deities, and his mythology may not be as extensively detailed as figures like Zeus or Athena. Nevertheless, he remains an intriguing representation of the Greek perspective on the value of hard work and the challenges inherent in human endeavors.

Pseudophilautus dimbullae

Pseudophilautus dimbullae is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in exactly one place: the Queenswood Estate in the Dimbulla Valley, 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is extinct. All frogs in this species are dead.

One adult female frog was 44.8 mm long from nose to rear end.

Pseudophilautus silus

The pug-nosed shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus silus") is a frog. It lives in the middle of Sri Lanka on the Horton Plains plateau and other places where the tree branches come together like a roof. People have seen it between 1550 and 1600 meters above sea level.

IWGP World Heavyweight Championship

The is a professional wrestling championship in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It is the top men's championship and the most important championship in NJPW. 

The "IWGP" part is an acronym of International Wrestling Grand Prix, which is New Japan Pro-Wrestling's governing body.

At Wrestle Kingdom 14, Tetsuya Naito became a double champion. He won the IWGP Intercontinental Championship from Jay White on Night 1 and then won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship from Kazuchika Okada in a Double Gold Dash match on Night 2.

At Wrestle Kingdom 15, Kota Ibushi would defeat Naito for both of the championships. On March 1, 2021, it was announced that the IWGP Intercontinental Championship and the IWGP Heavyweight Championship would be unified and the IWGP World Heavyweight Championship would replace them.

The official title unification took place after Ibushi defeated El Desperado in a match at the NJPW 49th Anniversary Show.

Tetsuya Naito is the current champion. He is in his first reign as champion. He defeated Sanada at Wrestle Kingdom 18.


Pseudophilautus conniffae

Conniff's shrub frog or the haycock shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus conniffae") is a frog. It lives in southwestern Sri Lanka. People have seen it in rainforests between 80 and 300 meters above sea level.

Scientists used to think that "Pseudophilautus limbus" and "Pseudophilautus coniffae" were two different frogs. In 2019, they decided they were the same frog.

The adult male frog is 22.9 - 25.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 29.3 – 30.7 mm long. The skin of the frog's head comes right out of the bone. The skin of the frog's back is light brown with some dark brown marks. There is black and white color on the legs.

Hylodes perere

Hylodes perere is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it between 900 and 1730 meters above sea level.

Casimir Funk

Cazimierz Funk, also known as Kasimir Funk, was a Polish biochemist. He proposed the idea of vitamins in 1912, which he initially called "vital amines" or "vitamines."

After reading an article by a Dutchman named Christiaan Eijkman, which said that people who ate brown rice were less likely to get beri-beri compared to those who only ate fully milled rice, a scientist named Funk tried to find the specific substance responsible for this. He was successful and named it "vitamine" because it contained an amine group. It was later called vitamin B3 (niacin), even though he initially thought it would be vitamin B1 (thiamine) and described it as the "anti-beri-beri-factor. 

In 1912, he suggested the existence of at least four vitamins: one to prevent beriberi, one for scurvy, one for pellagra, and one for rickets. He later published a book called "The Vitamines" in 1912 and received a research fellowship.

Funk also suggested that other diseases like rickets, pellagra, coeliac disease, and scurvy could also be treated with vitamins. He was one of the early researchers to investigate pellagra, attributing it to changes in the corn milling process, although his findings were largely ignored.

The "e" in "vitamine" was removed when it was realized that vitamins don't have to be nitrogen-containing amines.

He suggested there are other essential nutrients, which we now call vitamins B1, B2, C, and D.

In 1936, he figured out the structure of thiamine, but he wasn't the first to isolate it.

Funk also studied hormones, diabetes, peptic ulcers, and cancer biochemistry.

After coming back to the United States, he became the president of the Funk Foundation for Medical Research in 1940. In his later years, he focused on understanding the causes of cancers.

The Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America (PIASA) gives an award called the Casimir Funk Natural Sciences Award each year to outstanding Polish-American scientists. Previous winners of this award have included notable individuals like Nobel Laureate Roald Hoffmann, Aleksander Wolszczan, Hilary Koprowski, Peter T. Wolczanski, Wacław Szybalski, Zbyszek Darzynkiewicz, and Benoit Mandelbrot.

English in the Commonwealth of Nations

English in the Commonwealth of Nations or Commonwealth English refers to the various forms of the English language spoken and written within the countries of the Commonwealth of Nations, an intergovernmental organization comprising 54 member states. While English is not the sole official language of the Commonwealth, it holds a prominent place in most member nations and serves as a vital means of communication among these diverse countries. Commonwealth English encompasses a wide range of accents, dialects, and idiosyncrasies, making it a linguistically rich and diverse entity. This article explores the history, features, and significance of Commonwealth English.

Commonwealth English has its roots in the expansion of the British Empire, during which the English language was introduced to various parts of the world. Over time, English adapted to local languages and cultures, giving rise to distinct regional varieties. The influence of the British Empire and the subsequent decolonization process played a crucial role in shaping these linguistic developments. Today, Commonwealth English reflects the history and evolution of the language in former British colonies and territories.

Commonwealth English consists of several regional varieties, each with its unique characteristics. Some of the most notable ones include:

The form of English spoken in the United Kingdom, which serves as a foundation for many Commonwealth English varieties. British English itself has numerous regional dialects and accents, including Received Pronunciation (RP), often considered the standard British accent.

Spoken in Australia, Australian English exhibits a distinct accent and vocabulary. It has been influenced by indigenous languages and immigrant populations, making it unique among Commonwealth English varieties.

With influences from French and indigenous languages, Canadian English is spoken throughout Canada. Notable features include regional accents, such as the Maritime, Central Canadian, and Western Canadian accents.

Characterized by its distinctive Kiwi accent, New Zealand English is spoken in New Zealand. It has also incorporated elements from the indigenous Maori language.

South African English is spoken in South Africa, and it exhibits a variety of accents and dialects influenced by the country's diverse population, including British, Afrikaans, and indigenous languages.

Indian English is spoken in India, where it has developed its own unique vocabulary and pronunciation influenced by the country's many languages and cultures.

Found throughout the Caribbean region, Caribbean English varies by island, with influences from African, indigenous, and European languages.

These regional varieties are just a selection of the diverse forms of Commonwealth English. Each variety carries its own linguistic features, reflecting the multicultural and multilingual nature of the Commonwealth.

Commonwealth English exhibits several common linguistic features:


Commonwealth English is a testament to the global impact of the British Empire and the subsequent development of English as a lingua franca. It plays a vital role in international diplomacy, trade, and cultural exchange among Commonwealth member states. Moreover, it fosters a sense of shared heritage and communication, making it an important factor in the cohesion of the Commonwealth of Nations.

In conclusion, Commonwealth English is a rich and diverse linguistic entity shaped by history, culture, and geography. It encompasses a wide range of regional varieties, each contributing to the linguistic tapestry of the Commonwealth of Nations. This form of English is not just a means of communication but also a reflection of the shared history and cultural connections among its member states.

Names for association football

The sport of association football has a variety of names in English. The most common names for the sport are "football" and "soccer", depending on the country.

International organisations such as FIFA and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) use the term "football" when referring to international events. This is because the sport is most commonly called "football" in most countries. However, the term "soccer" is more common in some countries, including the United States, Canada and Australia. In some countries where the sport is more commonly called "soccer" the official bodies use "football" in their names, even if most people call it "soccer" in that region. Despite this, even in countries where "soccer" is the most common term, most association football clubs use the abbreviation "FC" (which stands for "Football Club").

In most of the English-speaking world, including most countries in the Commonwealth of Nations, the sport is called "football". This includes the United Kingdom. However, the term "soccer" was actually coined in the United Kingdom, where it wad first used as a nickname for the sport. The term "soccer" was mostly used by the upper and middle classes, while the lower classes (including the working class, who had a big following in the sport) mostly used "football". However, as British society became less influenced by the upper class, "football" replaced "soccer".

Countries where there has been a somewhat successful shift from "soccer" to "football" include Ireland and New Zealand. In those countries, both terms are used, with "football" becoming more and more popular due to official branding and advertising but "soccer" still being used due to it traditionally being the more common name in those countries.

In Australia, most people call the sport "soccer", as that is the traditional name for the sport in Australia, despite the fact that the official body, now called Football Australia, has used the term "football" since 2005. This is because there are three major football codes in Australia: Australian rules football, rugby and soccer. Australian rules football is commonly called "footy", "football", "Aussie rules" or "AFL" (after the Australian Football League); rugby is commonly called "rugby", "footy", "football", "league" (when referring to rugby league) or "union" (when referring to rugby union); and association football is commonly called "soccer".

Even though Football Australia officially refers to the sport as "football", the Australian men's national team is still commonly and officially nicknamed the "Socceroos" (with the women's national team commonly and officially nicknamed the "Matildas") and the series between the Australian and New Zealand national teams still being called the Soccer Ashes (the trophy for which was rediscovered in 2023).

In Canada, due to the dominance of American football and Canadian football, the sport is commonly and officially known as "soccer".

In Papua New Guinea, the sport is most commonly known as "soccer" due to Australian influence. However, although the official body is known as the Papua New Guinea Football Association (PNGFA), the country's highest league is called the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGSL).

The sport is most commonly called "soccer" in South Africa, however official bodies use the term "football" in English.

In the United States, due to the dominance of American football, the sport is commonly and officially known as "soccer". However, Inter Miami CF, a Major League Soccer club based in Miami, Florida, uses the term "fútbol" on its website. The term is the Spanish name for association football and comes from the English word "football". The majority of people in Miami speak Spanish as their first language and English as their second language, and the club itself is officially known as ().

In French, the most common name for the sport is , which is borrowed from English. However, in North America, the most common name in French is (which is also borrowed from English).

In Japanese, the word for the sport is ("sakkā"), derived from the English word "soccer" (due to American influence), with ("futtobōru") being used for other football codes. However, the Japan Football Association uses "sakkā" in its Japanese name and "football" in its English name.

The debate over the sports name has expanded to Wikipedia. Because of this, the English Wikipedia and the Simple English Wikipedia have guidelines on which term should be used in articles relating to each country. In articles related to Australia, Canada, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, South Africa and/or the United States, "soccer" is used, but in other articles, either "football" or "association football" are used. On the French Wikipedia, articles written in North American French (i.e those related to Canada and/or the United States) use "soccer" while others use "football".

Touch (sport)

Touch football, commonly called touch, is a variant of rugby league that does not involve tackling. It is governed by the Federation of International Touch (FIT).

The sport was invented in Sydney, Australia by members of the South Sydney Junior Rugby League Club in the 1960s. The sport is particularly popular in Australian schools among both boys and girls.


Mackenyu

, known professionally as or Mackenyu, is a Japanese actor. He has starred in various TV series such as "Sakurasaku" (2016), "Tomorrow, I'll Surely Love You Again" (2016), "Remote de Korosareru" (2020), "The End of the Tiny World: Half A Year Later" and "One Piece" (2023). He has also starred in the films "Take a Chance" (2015), "Over Drive" (2018), "12 Suicidal Teens" (2019), "Our 30-Minute Sessions" (2020), "Brave: Gunjō Senki" (2021), "The Master Plan" (2021) and "Knights of the Zodiac" (2023).

Mackenyu is an actor of Japanese descent who grew up in Los Angeles, California. He is the son of Sonny Chiba and Tamami Chiba. He has an older half-sister named Juri Manase and a younger brother named Gordon Maeda.


Aleksandr Li

Aleksandr Li is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 17 January 1974. Li competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Sergey Martynov

Sergei Martynov is an archer from Kazakhstan. He was born on 22 July 1965. Martynov competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Double or Nothing (2023)

Double or Nothing (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 28, 2023 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada. It was the fifth Double or Nothing event to take place.

There were two main events promoted. The first main event saw the Blackpool Combat Club (Bryan Danielson, Jon Moxley, Claudio Castagnoli, and Wheeler Yuta) defeat The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and "Hangman" Adam Page) in an Anarchy in the Arena match. Yuta would rollup and pin Omega after Konosuke Takeshita and Don Callis interfered and Takeshita hit Omega with a knee strike. The second main event saw MJF defeat "Jungle Boy" Jack Perry, Sammy Guevara, and Darby Allin in a four-way match to successfully defend his AEW World Championship.

Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter gave the Anarchy in the Arena match 5 stars out of 5 stars.

Double or Nothing (2022)

Double or Nothing (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 29, 2022 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada. It was the fourth Double or Nothing event to take place.

The main event saw CM Punk defeat "Hangman" Adam Page to win the AEW World Championship.

Stokely Hathaway, Athena, Andrade El Idolo all made their AEW debuts during the show.

List of Qatar Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Qatari Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Qatar after debuting in January 2019.

Double or Nothing (2021)

Double or Nothing (2021) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 30, 2021 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida with the Stadium Stampede match taking place at TIAA Bank Field, home of Tony Khan's Jacksonville Jaguars. It was the third Double or Nothing event to take place.

The main event saw The Inner Circle (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Santana and Ortiz) defeated The Pinnacle (Cash Wheeler, Dax Harwood, MJF, Shawn Spears and Wardlow) in a Stadium Stampede match.

Lio Rush and Mark Henry made their AEW debuts during the show.

Petr Ginz

Petr Ginz (English: Peter Ginz; 1944) was a Czechoslovakian-born half-Jewish boy, who is known for his artworks, poems, and novels.
His most popular known work was "Vedem" (English: "[We Are] In the Lead"), a literary magazine which was avaliable in print between 1942 and 1944, in the Theresienstadt Ghetto. The publishers and editor-in-cheifs of the literary magazine were him and Hanuš Hachenburg. Ginz also wrote a diary in 1941 and 1942.

Petr Ginz was born on in Prague, Czechoslovakia (in modern-day Czech Republic). He was the son of Otto Ginz and his spouse (wife) Mária Ginzová. His father was Jewish, whilst his mother was a Christian. This obviously made Ginz half-Jewish. Ginz already showed signs of high intelligence, before the age of 8. He wrote his first novel when he was 8 years old. He wrote four more novels, after that. The last novel was written and completed when he was 14, shortly before his transportation to the Theresienstadt Ghetto. The novels were mostly written in the style of Jules Verne, and were even illustrated with his own paintings. Ginz spoke two languages fluently from early childhood. His parents were very interested in studying and learning Esperanto, and thus this became Ginz' second native language, apart from Czech.

Ginz wrote a diary in 1941 and 1942, before he was transported to the Theresienstadt Ghetto. The diary was originally lost, but it was later found and published as a book by his younger sister Eva, who fortunately happened to survive the Holocaust, under the book title: "My Brother's Diary". The diary was later republished as "The Diary of Petr Ginz: 19411942". Copies of it are available in Czech, Catalan, Spanish, Esperanto, and English. 
In March 1939, the Germans invaded and occupied Czechoslovakia. Like with many other German-occupied countries, in German-occupied Czechoslovkia, anti-Semitic laws and strict curfews against Jews began, and persecution and transportation of Jews to ghettos and concentration camps began as well.
Ginz left on a transport to the Theresienstadt Ghetto on 28 October 1942, at the age of 14. His younger sister Eva followed him and was transported to the Theresienstadt Ghetto, as well.

About two months after his transportation and arrival in the Theresienstadt Ghetto, Ginz founded a literary magazine named "Vedem" (English: "[We Are] In the Lead"). The first copies of the literary magazine were available in print in December 1942. The publishers and editor-in-chiefs of the popular literary magazine were Petr Ginz and Hanuš Hachenburg. Despite the horrible conditions of the ghetto, Ginz continued to study and write. Ginz even wrote a Czech–Esperanto dictionary and several short novels, which are currently lost.

On 28 or 29 September 1944, Ginz left on a transport from the Theresienstadt Ghetto to the Auschwitz concentration camp. 
There is debate on whether the transport took place on the 28th of September, or on the next day. 
At the time of the transport, Ginz had not yet recovered from a disease and was still ill.

Ginz's precise date of death is rather disputed. It is however known that he died in the Auschwitz concentration camp. By the time Auschwitz was liberated by the Red Army on 27 January 1944, Ginz had already been deceased. He is said to have apparently died from suffocation whilst in the gas chambers. His death took place in or 1944. It is certain that Ginz did not survive the Holocaust.


Daytime Friends (song)

"Daytime Friends" is a 1977 song by country singer Kenny Rogers and is the title track to his third studio album "Daytime Friends". It went to number 28 in the United States, number 39 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in Canada, number 69 in Australia, number 16 in New Zealand and topped the country single charts in the Untied States and Canada.

Dabangii

Dabangii Mulgii aayi re aayi is an Indian Hindi-language drama television series premiered on Sony Entertainment Television, and digitally streams on Sony LIV. Produced by Herumb Khot and Nilanjana Purkayasstha under Invictus T Mediaworks, it stars Maahi Bhadra, Manav Gohil, Aamir Dalvi, Sai Deodhar, Asawari Joshi, Himani Chawla and Yashashri Masurkar.

In a riveting tale of power, violence and family, a spirited young girl, Arya, grapples with the contrast between who she believes her father is and who he actually turns out to be. She attempts to resolve the debate of nature vs nurture while growing up in a chaotic world.

The series stars


The series was announced on Sony Entertainment Television with Maahi Bhadra, Aamir Dalvi, Manav Gohil, Sai Deodhar, Asawari Joshi, Himani Chawla and Yashashri Masurkar joining the cast. The principal photography of the series commenced from October 2023 at the Film City, Mumbai.


Givati Brigade

The 84th Givati Brigade () is an Israel Defense Forces infantry brigade formed in 1947. The Brigade is divided into three battalions with each battalion having its own commander.

Brutal Planet

Brutal Planet is the 22nd studio album by Alice Cooper and was released on 6 June, 2000 through Spitfire Records. The album has a much darker sound compared to his other albums including domestic violence, suicide, depression and prejudice.

Kite (U2 song)

"Kite" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fifth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind". It pays tribute to fatherhood and was not released as a single.

Wrecking Ball (Bruce Springsteen album)

Wrecking Ball is the 17th studio album by Bruce Springsteen and was released on 6 March, 2012 through Columbia Records. It went to number 1 in 16 countries including the United States and the United Kingdom and was nominated for 3 Grammy Awards in 2013.

"Wrecking Ball" was released as a two-LP set, a single CD, and a digital download. The CD and download versions were also available in a "Special Edition" format, which included two bonus tracks along with exclusive photos and artwork. The vinyl version included a copy of the standard CD (without the two additional tracks).

Mahavidyas

The Mahavidyas are in Hinduism, notably the Ten of "Great Wisdoms", name given to a group of ten goddess representing different aspect or cosmic power of Durga they represent wisdom and this term Dasha Mahavidya is for example used in literature sequence: Kali, Tara, Tripura Sundari, Bhuvaneshvari, Bhairavi, Chhinnamasta, Dhumavati, Bagalamukhi, Matangi and Kamala. Nevertheless, the formation of this group encompass divergent and varied religious traditions that include "yogini" worship, Saivism, Vaishnavism, and Vajrayana Buddhism

Ranadash Gupta

Ranadash Gupta (Bangli: রানাদাস গুপ্ত; 27 November 1949), General secretary of Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council, lawyer in the Supreme Court of Bangladesh, Serving as a Prosecutor in the Bangladesh International Criminal Tribunal.

He was born on 27 November 1949 in Denga Para village of Putia Upazila of Chittagong District. He spent his childhood and youth in Chittagong city.
He is serving as the General Secretary of Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council, a lawyer of the Supreme Court, serving as a prosecutor of Bangladesh International Criminal Tribunal. He started various movements to protect the security of the Hindu people of Bangladesh. He was the first to demand the enactment of the Hindu Protection Act.

Paraskeva Drapšin

Paraskeva Drapšin (; 20 March 1938 ) is the most famous abbes of the Serbian Orthodox Church, she was a nun of the Jazak Monastery in the period from 1953 to 1990. On 20 November, 1990, by the decision of the bishop of Srem, Mr. Vasilij Vadić, she was appointed abbess of the Jazak Monastery, where she has been at the head of the monastery for 33 years.

Pop (U2 album)

Pop is the ninth studio album by Irish rock group U2. It was released on 3 March, 1997 through Island Records. It went to number 1 worldwide except in Japan and Hungary where it made number 2. and its lifeline sales were the weakest since 1981 album "October" and is the lowest in the band's catalogue.

Notes

Jazak Monastery

The Jazak Monastery () is a Serb Orthodox monastery. It is on the Fruška Gora mountain in the northern Serbia, in the province of Vojvodina. The monastery was founded in 1736. The icons on the baroque iconostasis were painted in 1769 by Dimitrije Bačević. The carved woodwork was attributed to engraver Marko Vujatović. Reconstruction of the monastery was carried out from 1926 to 1930.

Jazak Monastery was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990, and it is protected by Serbia. Paraskeva Drapšin is abbes of the monastery


Colony of Singapore

The Colony of Singapore was a Crown colony of the United Kingdom that encompassed what is modern-day Singapore from 1946 to 1958. During this period, Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands Islands were also administered from Singapore. It was created after the dissolution of the Straits Settlements shortly after the Japanese occupation of Singapore ended in 1945. The power of the British 1959.

Raden Wijaya

Raden Wijaya or Raden Vijaya (also known as Nararya Sangramawijaya, regnal name Kertarajasa Jayawardhana) (reigned 1293–1309) was a Javanese emperor, and the founder and first monarch of the Majapahit Empire. The history of his founding of Majapahit was written in several records, including Pararaton and Negarakertagama. His rule was marked by the victory against the army and the Mongol navy of Kublai Khan's Yuan dynasty.

Jayanegara

Jayanegara or Jayanagara (formal regnal name Sri Maharaja Wiralandagopala Sri Sundarapandya Dewa Adhiswara or Sri Sundarapandyadevadhisvara Vikramottungadeva, also known as Kala Gemet) was a Javanese emperor and the second monarch of the Majapahit Empire from 1309 to his death in 1328, and also Prince of Kediri from 1295. Jayanegara was the heir, crown prince, and only son of Raden Wijaya, the founder of Majapahit. The story of his life was written in several records, including the "Pararaton" and "Negarakertagama". His reign saw the beginning of Gajah Mada's rise to influence in the empire.

Leopold Nitsch

Leopold Nitsch (14 August 1897 – 18 January 1977) was an Austrian international footballer. He played for SK Rapid Wien as midfielder. With Rapid he won the Austrian championship six times and the Austrian Cup three times. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

He joined the Rapid youth team in 1911. Four years later he moved up to the first team. He won his first Austrian championship title in the 1915–16 season. The team soon dominated the championship. Nitsch won five more titles in 1917, 1919, 1920, 1921 and 1923. He also won the first two official ÖFB cup competitions in 1919 and 1920. In 1924 he became coach. He coached Bulgaria at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. He soon returned to the active ranks and played as a defender for Rapid towards the end of his career. From 1925 to 1928 he was captain of the team.

Nitsch played 35 matches for the Austrian national football team. He debuted on 3 October 1915 in a 4-2 win versus Hungary. His last match was on 14 March 1926 in a 2-0 win versus Czechoslovakia.

In 1924 he was coach of the Bulgarian national football team. He then worked as coach of the youth team at Rapid from 1928 to 1936. 1936 he replaced Eduard Bauer as coach of the first team. Leopold Nitsch accompanied the team through the Second World War, when Austrian football was integrated into German football. He won the Tschammerpokal with Rapid in 1938 with a 3-1 win in the final against FSV Frankfurt and the German championship in 1941 with a 4-3 win against FC Schalke 04. Rapid was able to become Austrian champions three more times, then called “Ostmarkmeister”.
On 21 May 1938, he applied for membership in the NSDAP and was admitted to May 1 of the same year (membership number 6,303,894). Whether this is due to political conviction or simply adaptation to the new circumstances can no longer be determined with certainty.

WAGR Ns class

The WAGR Ns class was a single suburban steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1922 to 1933.

The Ns class resulted from the superheating of standard N class No. 263, using the boiler from Os No. 81. No. 263 was built by Nasmyth, Wilson & Coy in 1900. In 1933 it was reconverted by replacing the boiler, reverting No. 263 back into an N class.

Andrea Arru

Andrea Arru is an Italian actor and a model. He was born on 18 August 2007 in Ozieri.

Lake sturgeon

The lake sturgeon, also called rock sturgeon, is a North American freshwater fish, a species of sturgeon. Like other sturgeons, this species is a bottom feeder and has semi-cartilage bones, a regular shape, and skin having bony scales on the sides and back.

The lake sturgeon uses its long snout to move the dirt on the floor of rivers and lakes to eat. Four organs (barbels) are near its mouth to help the sturgeon find ground-based prey. Lake sturgeons can grow to a large size for freshwater fish, getting up to 7.25 ft (2.2 m) long and 240 lb (108 kg).

Pseudophilautus silvaticus

The forest shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus silvaticus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka at the Sinharaja World Heritage Site. People have seen it between 510 and 1270 meters above sea level.

Chen Xiaocui

Chen Xiaocui (25 September 1902 – 1 July 1967) was a Chinese poet, writer, and painter. She was a founder of the Chinese Women's Calligraphy and Painting Association. After the People's Republic of China was founded, she became one of the first professors at the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy in 1960. She died with suicide in 1967 during the Cultural Revolution, which had begun the year before.

Throughout her life, Chen created classical Chinese poetry, short stories, novels, and plays, translated Western literature, and created paintings. Her notable collection of poetry is called "Cuilou Yincao".

Chen Xiaocui was born on 25 September 1902. Her family came from Hangchow (Hangzhou). Her grandmother named her Chen Cui (陳璻) and gave her the courtesy name Cuina (翠娜). Her father was Chen Xu, known as Diexian, a writer of the Mandarin Ducks and Butterflies School. Her mother, Zhu Shu, who also wrote and published poetry. Chen Xiaocui was the second of three children and the only daughter. Her elder brother was Chen Xiaodie, and her younger brother was Chen Cidie.

In her early childhood, Chen Xiaocui received literature instruction from her mother, Zhu Shu. She began formal education at the age of four. In 1909, while the family lived in Pingchang (平昌), Jiangsu, banditry in the rural areas disrupted her schooling. She had to study by herself and was able to compose poetry by the age of eight. After the family relocated to Shanghai in 1913, she enrolled in the Chongwen Higher Women's Elementary School (崇文高等女子小學). The exact endpoint of Chen's formal education is unclear. Some say it concluded upon her elementary school graduation, while others believe she completed high school at the age of seventeen.

In 1913, Chen Xu started "Sanren Gongsi" () in Shanghai with Li Changjue, Wu Juemi, and two of his children, Chen Xiaodie and Chen Xiaocui. Over five years, the company translated 73 English novels into Chinese, including the works of Sherlock Holmes. Chen published her first work, "Sishi Guiyong" (), in September 1914. She started writing professionally to support her family, using Xiaocui as her pen name. At the age of sixteen, Chen began to study Chinese poetry from her father. In August 1924, Shanghai Women's Literary Professional College (上海女子文學專修學校) appointed as an instructor in poetry, and her father as a special lecturer.

Meanwhile, at the age of seventeen, Chen Xiaocui began to study Chinese painting on her own. In 1919, she studied painting with Yang Shiyou and Feng Chaoran.

In January 1922, the magazine "Banyue" () published the poetry of Chen Xiaocui and Shi Zhecun together. This led to correspondence between Chen and Shi. Shen Xiaosun, a relative of Shi, worked at the Family Industrial Company. He discussed with Chen's father the possibility of an arranged marriage between Chen and Shi. However, Shi declined the opportunity because of his poverty and did not meet Chen in person at that time.

In 1927, Chen's parents arranged her marriage to Tang Yanqi. Tang was the eldest son of Tang Shouqian, the former governor of Zhejiang and the first secretary of transportation of the Republic of China. Tang was also the nephew of Ma Yifu. In October, Chen Xu published Chen's collection of personal works, "Cuilou Yincao", as part of her dowry. It's worth noting that Chen kept her engagement a secret from her best friend, likely due to traditional beliefs.

In 1928, Chen and Tang had a daughter named Tang Cuichu. However, the couple separated after two to three years of marriage. Tang Shouqian left for Taiwan before the People's Republic of China was founded and died there in 1952.

In 1934, Chen established the China Women's Calligraphy and Painting Association (CWCPA) with other female painters, including Gu Qingyao, Feng Wenfeng, Li Qiujun, Zhou Lianxia, Jiang Yanan, and Wu Qingxia. The association held its inaugural meeting on 29 April 1934, during which Chen was elected as a board member and an editor. On 18 May, Chen and Li Qiujun were chosen as co-chairs of the association. The association organized ten exhibitions by 1944.

In the late 1930s, Chinese vernacular literature gained popularity due to the New Culture Movement. However, Chen continued to compose poetry in classical Chinese. In April 1935, she attended the founding conference of "Cunwenhui" (), which aimed to promote basic knowledge of classical Chinese among middle school students and beyond.

When Japan took control of Shanghai in 1937, Chen's father and two brothers fled to Kunming, while Chen and her mother stayed in Shanghai. Chen Xu fell ill in 1939, returned to Shanghai, and died on 24 March 1940. Chen Xiaocui collected and published her father's remaining works as "Xuyuan Yigao" ().

After the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1945, Chen and other poets, including Cheng Zhongtao, Zhang Hongwei, and Cheng Man-ch'ing, founded the Shalong Poetry Society (). Later in the same year, CWCPA resumed its activities, and Chen took charge of its operations.

In 1947, when Shanghai's Bureau of Education was preparing to establish the Shanghai Museum of Art, Chen Xiaocui was named one of its committee members. She also began teaching private painting that year. In 1948, the Shanghai campus of the Wuxi Specialized College of Chinese Studies hired Chen as a professor in Chinese poetry. In April 1949, Chen's paintings were included in the spring exhibition of the Shanghai Museum of Art.

According to Chen Xiaodie, Chen Xiaocui considered leaving for Taiwan in 1950 but ultimately decided against it. In 1956, Wu Hufan introduced Chen to the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party. In 1957, Chen's daughter Tang Cuichu left for France. In 1960, when the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy was founded, Chen became one of the first professors alongside Zhou Lianxia and Lu Xiaoman. In 1964, Shi Zhecun learned of Chen's address in Shanghai and visited her on February 20, marking their first meeting. They continued to exchange literary works during subsequent visits.

In 1966, when the Cultural Revolution began, Chen Xiaocui was taken away from her home in June. In the winter of 1966, she sought shelter with Zhao Quancheng and Chen Maoheng. However, after two months, the Zhao family faced struggle sessions, and the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy insisted that Chen return to campus.

During this time, Chen Xiaocui changed her place of residence with Pang Zuoyu to avoid harassment from the Red Guards. She tried to escape from Shanghai twice, but both times she was caught. The second time, she was found with over 300 jin of grain ration coupons and hundreds of Yuan hidden in her trousers. Her personal belongings were taken, and she was tied up and beaten by two Red Guards.

In 1967, the rebel faction of Shanghai's Administration of Culture (文化局) arranged to move Chen's residence to a house on Changle Road, Shanghai. They also took her lifelong collection of Chinese paintings and sold them as scrap paper. On the morning of 1 July 1967, when Chen arrived at the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy, she found that the painters were about to undergo struggle sessions. She went back to her residence, but Red Guards followed her and tried to break down her door. On that day, she took sleeping pills and later that night, she killed herself by a gas stove. She composed a death poem upon her suicide, but it was destroyed by the Red Guards.



Hylodes cardosoi

Hylodes cardosoi is a frog. It lives in São Paulo, Brazil.

The adult male frog is 35.6-44.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 36.7 mm to 46.5 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown with spots. The back legs are usually brown in color with lighter marks. The belly is white in color. It has disks on its toes. Unlike other frogs in its group, it does not have stripes on the sides of its body.

This frog lives in forests in southern Brazil on the Atlantic side (east side) of the hills. They live near streams where the water moves fast.
If the frog sees or hears danger, it will jump into the water. It will come out again soon. 

Scientists named this frog for Dr. Adão José Cardoso. He studied animals in Brazil.

Double or Nothing (2020)

Double or Nothing (2020) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 23, 2020 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida with the Stadium Stampede match taking place at TIAA Bank Field, home of Tony Khan's Jacksonville Jaguars. It was the second Double or Nothing event to take place.

The main event saw Matt Hardy and The Elite (Adam Page, Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) defeat The Inner Circle (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Santana, and Ortiz) in the first ever Stadium Stampede match.

Brian Cage made his AEW debut and boxing legend Mike Tyson appeared to reward Cody Rhodes with the AEW TNT Championship during the show.

Geography of Liberia

Liberia is a country in West Africa. It is on the north Atlantic side to the southwest ( of sea) and three other African countries on the other three sides, Sierra Leone to the northwest, Guinea to the northeast and Ivory Coast to the east.

In total, Liberia comprises of which is land and is water.

Liberia goes from between 4.21°N and 8.34°N to 7.27°W and 11.31°W. It is almost in a rectangle shape measuring about in length from northwest to southeast, with a width of about . The coastline is about , with river mouths up to one kilometre wide.

Drainage of the whole country is directly to the sea, with a lot of short rivers flowing directly into the sea. These are, from west to east, the Mano River on the border with Sierra Leone, the Mafa River, the Lofa River, the Saint Paul River, the Mesurado River, the Farmington River, the Saint John River, the Timbo River, the Cestos River, the Sehnkwehn River, the Sinoe River, the Dugbe River, the Dubo River, the Grand Cess River and the Cavalla River on the border with Ivory Coast.

In the west, the sea is low and sandy, but in the central and eastern parts of the country it is sandy and rocky and of mild height, often broken by the mouths of the rivers. The plains varies in width, being narrow between Monrovia and Buchanan, but being much wider in the west and in the Cestos Valley in the center, becoming smaller again in the eastern end of the country.

Further in, the land rises, to a plateau some above sea level. This is split by the river valleys and hilly ridges between some of those river valleys. The land goes further in the north and northwest of the country, with mountains that nears in several places, the tallest point in the country being in the Wologizi Range at .

Liberia has mostly hilly land, it also has rolling plains along the sea to a plateau and low mountains in the northeast.

Double or Nothing (2019)

Double or Nothing (2019) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 25, 2019 at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Paradise, Nevada. It was the first Double or Nothing event to take place. It was also the very first pay-per-view to be made by All Elite Wrestling.

The main event saw Chris Jericho defeat Kenny Omega to earn a future match against Adam Page at All Out to see who would become the very first AEW World Champion.

Awesome Kong and Jon Moxley made their AEW debuts and Bret Hart appeared to unveil the AEW World Championship during the show.

Risk factors and possible causes of schizophrenia

Risk factors and possible causes of schizophrenia is what to know to avoid the problem(s) of schizophrenia. Risk is how often anywhere and somewhere in the world a problem could happen for someone in their lives to make schizophrenia. Risk is about how much someone should think they would want not having problems which make schizophrenia. How much they would want their life not the problem. This thinking goes with a knowing of the parts of choices in the world which are known causes. Cause is the actual things which make schizophrenia. 

Schizophrenia is not infectious. There is no microorganism that is spread from one person to another.

Risk factors include trauma (damage caused by stressful events) and genetics (schizophrenia running in families). Having a schizophrenic parent may be very stressful, and there may also be genes that influence the development of schizophrenia. It is very easy to show that trauma, such as sexual abuse (forced unwanted sexual behaviour towards somebody) increases the risk, but 40 years of searching for the right genes has not found anything that has been confirmed by independent research groups.

More men are affected than women: the number of males with the disorder is 1.4 times greater than that of females. Schizophrenia usually appears earlier in men. 
For males the symptoms usually start from 20 to 28 years of age, and in females it is 26 to 32 years of age. 
Symptoms that start in childhood, 
middle or old age are much rarer. 
Despite the received wisdom that schizophrenia occurs at similar rates worldwide, its rate of likelihood varies across the world, 
within countries, 
and at the local level.
In 2011 and 2022, the number of people in all the people of he world with schizophrenia is thought to be 24 million people worldwide. 

Schizophrenia has been diagnosed from the ages of 5 and about a half a year of age, from the late teens or early 20s, to people after the age of 60 years. In men, it seems to start about five years earlier than in women.

Some people who have schizophrenia have differences in their brain structure compared to those who do not have the disorder. These differences are often in the parts of the brain that manage memory, organization, emotions, the control of impulsive behavior, and language. 
For example, there is less brain volume in the frontal cortex and temporal lobes, and problems within the corpus callosum, the band of nerve fibers which connects the left side and the right side of the brain. People with schizophrenia also tend to have larger lateral and third ventricles. The ventricles are spaces within the brain filled with cerebrospinal fluid.
There are may environmental risk factors factors for schizophrenia such as drug use, stress before birth and in some cases exposure to infectious diseases (a disease that spreads from person to person). 
In addition, living in a city during childhood or as an adult has been found to double the risk of schizophrenia . 
This is true even after taking into account drug use, race, and the size of one’s social group. 
Other factors that play an important role include whether the person feels socially isolated, as well as social adversity, racial discrimination (treating a person badly because of their race), the person's family not working properly, unemployment, and poor housing conditions. 
There is evidence that childhood experiences of abuse or trauma are risk factors for developing schizophrenia later in life.

Psychotic symptoms often respond to drug treatment Stopping anti-psychotic or anti-vomiting drugs too quickly may cause these symptoms.
Doctors think genetics is part of schizophrenia. It is difficult to know if schizophrenia is inherited because it is hard to find out whether something comes from genes or the environment. 
Those who have a parent, a brother or sister with schizophrenia have a higher risk of developing schizophrenia. The risk is even higher if you have an identical twin with schizophrenia. 
This may seem to show that schizophrenia is inherited. However, it may be the stress of living with a schizophrenic family member that is traumatic. Identical twins are much closer and are treated much more in the same way, and this may be the reason why one of them is more likely to get schizophrenia if the other has it. Dr Jay Joseph has found many problems with the scientific studies of inheriting schizophrenia, including false reporting of results. Joseph also claims that 40 years of the search for the schizophrenia gene has not found a single gene that independent research groups have confirmed. 

A combination of what has happened to a person and the person’s genes may play a role in the development of schizophrenia. 
People who have family members with schizophrenia and who experienced a brief period of psychotic symptoms have a 20 to 40 percent chance of being diagnosed one year later. This may be both the result of stressful events because of the family member and possibly a genetic effect.

Factors such as lack of oxygen, infection, or stress and lack of healthy foods in the mother during pregnancy, might result in a slight increase in the risk of schizophrenia later in life. 
People who have schizophrenia are more likely to have been born in winter or spring (at least in the northern half of the world). This might relate to increased rates of exposures to viruses before birth. 
This difference is about 5 to 8 percent.
Several drugs have been linked with the development of schizophrenia and the abuse (harmful use) of certain drugs can cause symptoms like those of schizophrenia. 
About half of those people who have schizophrenia use too much drugs or alcohol, possibly to deal with depression, anxiety, boredom, or loneliness. 
Frequent marijuana use may double the risk of serious mental illness, including schizophrenia.

More people with schizophrenia smoke tobacco than the general population; it is estimated that at least 60% to as many as 90% of people with schizophrenia smoke tobacco. Recent research suggests that cigarette smoking may be a risk factor for developing schizophrenia. Smoking also reduces the effects and side effects of anti-psychotic drugs, and this may be one of the reasons for the high smoking rate. Patients taking anti-psychotic drugs die up to 20 years earlier than others, possibly because the medication makes them overweight, gives diabetes and leads to them smoking.

Schizophrenia in society and culture

Schizophrenia (sz) presents a complex array of societal, economic, and health challenges. Social problems associated with the disorder include unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, particularly affecting vulnerable populations. Disability statistics reveal sz as a significant contributor to global disability-adjusted life years, ranking high among disabling conditions. The economic burden of sz is substantial, with costs encompassing healthcare expenses and societal impacts like reduced productivity and law enforcement expenditures. Conversely, the pharmaceutical industry has seen a notable market related to sz treatment. 

Mortality studies highlight elevated suicide rates and physical health concerns among individuals with sz, alongside social judgment issues complicating their recovery. The disorder's portrayal in culture and media, exemplified by figures like John Forbes Nash and Vaslav Nijinsky, adds layers to public perception. Despite ongoing debates about its presentation and treatment, sz remains a multifaceted phenomenon with far-reaching implications for individuals and society. 

Schizophrenia poses significant societal challenges, including unemployment, poverty and homelessness among affected individuals. The prevalence of the disorder fluctuates based on its local definition. Advancing research on mental health is crucial in gaining insights into these challenges and devising more effective strategies to support individuals in need.

Schizophrenia is responsible for considerable portion of global disability, accounting for roughly 1% of worldwide disability-adjusted life years. Active hallucinations, a hallmark symptom of sz, rank as the third-most-disabling aspects of the condition, underscoring the profound impact of the disorder on affected individuals' functionality and quality of life.

The economic impact of schizophrenia is substantial, with the disorder costing an estimated $62.7 billion in the United States alone in 2002. These costs encompass direct expenses related to hospitalization, medication, and long-term care, as well as indirect costs such as reduced workplace productivity, unemployment, and expenses incurred by law enforcement. Additionally, antipsychotic medications, commonly prescribed for sz, are utilized for various other conditions, contributing to a significant number of prescriptions. In the European Union, approximately 16.5 million individuals received daily antipsychotic prescriptions in 2018, with notable increases observed in England between 1998 and 2010.

The market size for SZ drugs was valued as $9,000,000,000 in 2021. Some firms offering drugs in this market include: 


A study of 160 people admitted to hospital with sz during the period January 1997 to 31 December 2012 who had committed homicide in England and Wales found that 94% had a history of alcohol and/or illegal drug consumption and/or were not in receipt of their prescribed medication. In a study of the actus "reus" of homicide of the years 1997–2003 in England and Wales, diagnosed schizophrenics were more likely to use an object with a sharpened edge, including knives. Homicides were mostly against family members or a spouse in their homes. 

Individuals with schizophrenia face elevated risks of suicide compared to the general population, along with a higher prevalence of physical health issues. In 2015, approximately 16,900 deaths were attributed to sz-related causes. A comprehensive study involving over 4 million individuals diagnosed with sz revealed that suicide, injury-poisoning, and undetermined non-natural cause were the most common reasons for death, followed by pneumonia. Notably, the use of antipsychotic medication was identified as the primary cause for pneumonia diagnosis in one study. These findings underscore the urgent need for effective interventions to address both the mental and physical health challenges faced by individuals with sz.

Bad social judgment has been identified as a major obstacle in the recovery of schizophrenics.

The word "schizophrenia" is used in reporting as a metaphor in newspapers worldwide.

Auditory hallucinations have been shown to extend to mental health nurses and non-patients.
Sz and smoking have shown a strong association in studies worldwide. Those individuals who smoke tend to smoke heavily and to smoke cigarettes with a high nicotine content.

The sister of Dr Eugen Bleuler was admitted to a Zurich hospital with a catatonic illness. Dr Bleuler would later be the director of the same hospital where he diagnosed his sister with sz. 

Vaslav Nijinsky (born 1889 died 1950) was a dancer; his parents were also dancers. He was known from about 1913 by the sobriquets as "the God of dance" and "God's clown". During or sometime after March 1919 Dr Bleuler diagnosed Nijinsky "a confused schizophrenic with mild manic excitement" which meant she didn't need to go to a hospital. 

Camille Claudel, diagnosed retrospectively, was a sculptor, and during 1913 became a patient. 

Eduard Einstein, one of the children of Dr. Albert Einstein, was diagnosed with sz and lived his life in a hospital. Eduard was diagnosed by a Dr. Bleuler sometime during the 1930's. 
John Forbes Nash was diagnosed with sz in 1959. John was a mathematician from the United States. He was given the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 1994 for "equilibria in the theory of non-cooperative games".

Some researchers believe that in certain unique situations, the personal experience or appearance of psychosis is evidence of genius. 

Similarities are thought to exist of the structure of how sz is diagnosed with experiences of mysticism. 
A book, "A Beautiful Mind", and then a movie by the same name was made about the life of John Forbes Nash. 

The movie “The Soloist” tells the story of Nathaniel Ayers, a prodigious musician who dropped out of the Juilliard School in New York City after the symptoms of sz began. He later became homeless in Los Angeles, California, in the notorious Skid Row section.
People sometimes use the words schiz or schizo as abbreviations. 

East African Community

The East African Community (EAC) is a regional intergovernmental organization of seven Partner States. EAC has Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania and Uganda. Their headquarters are in Arusha, Tanzania. 

Badajoz (Assembly of Extremadura constituency)

Badajoz is a constituency of Extremadura.

Sweet Child o' Mine

"Sweet Child o' Mine" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses. It appears on their debut studio album, "Appetite for Destruction". In the United States, the song was released in June 1988 as the album's third single, topping the Billboard Hot 100 chart and becoming the band's only US number-one single and also went to number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in New Zealand, number 4 in Ireland, number 11 in Austria and Australia, number 20 in the Netherlands, number 23 in Finland and number 7 in Canada. It was covered by Sheryl Crow in 1999 and won a Grammy Award in 2000.

Cáceres (Assembly of Extremadura constituency)

Cáceres is a constituency of Extremadura.

California State Assembly districts

The California State Assembly has 80 legislative districts. They are numbered from 1st to 80th, generally from north to south.

California's 1st State Assembly district

California's 1st State Assembly district is a legislative district in California.

California's 2nd State Assembly district

California's 2nd State Assembly district is a legislative district in California.

Barracuda (song)

"Barracuda" is a song by American rock band Heart released in 1977 on their third studio album "Little Queen" (1977).

The song was included on the live album "Live in Atlantic City" (2019).



Anna Mozhar

Anna Mozhar is a Kazakhstani archer. She was born on 3 March 1974. Mozhar competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Sanzhar Mussayev

Sanzhar Mussayev is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 11 April 1996. Mussayev competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

2023 Andhra Pradesh train collision

On 29 October 2023, two passenger trains collided with each other killing at least 14 passengers who were inside while around 50 others were injured.

At around 7 pm IST, The Vishakhapatnam-Palasa express train has stopped around Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh due to a break in an overhead cable when another train that was going from Vizag to Rayagada, Odisha crashed into it from behind. According to Indian railway officials, the crew of Vizag-Rayagada train has missed the red signal. At least 14 people were killed and around 50 others were injured.


Radnorshire

Radnorshire is a county in Wales. Its biggest town is Llandrindod Wells. It is now controlled as part of Powys.

Windows Embedded CE 6.0

Windows Embedded CE 6.0 is the sixth major version of Windows CE. During creation, it was given the name "Yamazaki". It was targeted to business tools like industrial controllers and public electronics like digital cameras.

Full Gear (2022)

Full Gear (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 19, 2022 at Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. It was the fourth Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw MJF defeat Jon Moxley to win the AEW World Championship. William Regal would pass MJF a pair of brass knuckles when the referee was distracted. MJF would hit Moxley with them before getting the pinfall victory.

During the show, Saraya made her return to in-ring action for the first time since since her career-ending injury in December 2017.

WAGR P class

The WAGR P class was a total of 25 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1924 to 1969.

The P class were first indirectly recommended as part of the motive power regeneration program introduced because of the 1922 Royal Commission, which highly recommended more locos be built in preparation for the 1924-25 wheat harvest. Drawings were prepared at Midland Railway Workshops in 1923 with a tender going out, with the only Australian builder to respond being Thompson & Coy.

They were unable to fulfil the order in time, so the tender was accepted by the North British Locomotive Coy of the UK. The engines arrived in 1924 and were placed on the Perth to Kalgoorlie express passenger services, being a great success and were well-liked by their crews for their free-steaming qualities.

The success of the P class resulted in the construction of 15 more at Midland Junction in 1927-28. Further improvements resulted in the Pr <nowiki>'</nowiki>"River"<nowiki>'</nowiki> class locos. The P class continued on passenger services on the South Western mainline, Great Southern Railway and Eastern Railway until the 1950s when dieselisation began.

From then on the P class was relegated to goods workings where they performed satisfactorily until the last was withdrawn in 1969. One of the P class, No. 508 (448) is preserved and on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Full Gear (2021)

Full Gear (2021) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 13, 2021 at Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was the third Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw "Hangman" Adam Page defeated Kenny Omega to win the AEW World Championship. Page would perform two Buckshot Lariats to Omega before pinning him for the victory. He would then celebrate with members of The Dark Order.

During the show, Jay Lethal would make his AEW debut. Cody Rhodes would also make his last PPV appearance before leaving the company three months afterwards.

WAGR Pr class

The WAGR Pr class were a total of 18 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1938 to 1970.

The Pr class (also officially known as the "River" class) were the result of building new locomotives to standard P class specifications with modifications at Midland Railway Workshops. The Pr class were named after rivers in Western Australia and operated almost exclusively on the Eastern Goldfields Railway during their passenger hauling career.

Upon the event of dieselisation, the Pr and P class were re-assigned to goods work which they performed adequately until the demise of steam on the WAGR. The last Pr class, No. 521 (138) was withdrawn from service in 1970, it is now preserved and on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Full Gear (2020)

Full Gear (2020) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 7, 2020 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The Elite Deletion match took place at Matt Hardy's house in Cameron, North Carolina. It was the second Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Eddie Kingston in an "I Quit" match to retain his AEW World Championship. Moxley would hit Kingston with the Paradigm Shift. He would then wrap barbed wire around his own arm and apply the bulldog choke on Kingston to make him say that he quits.

Dave Meltzer of Wrestling Observer Newsletter gave the match between The Young Bucks and FTR 5.25 out of 5 stars.

Zahhak

Zahhak or Azhi Dahāka is an evil character in Iranian (Persian) mythology and folklore. He appears in the texts of the "Avesta" in the Zoroastrian religion.

Miha Lokar

Miha Lokar (born 10 September 1935) is a Slovenian basketball player.

Barbel (anatomy)

In fish anatomy and turtle anatomy, a barbel is a slender, whiskerlike sensory organ near the mouth. Fish that have barbels include the catfish, the carp, the goatfish, the hagfish, the sturgeon, the zebrafish, the black dragonfish and some species of shark such as the sawshark.

The word "barbel" comes from the Middle Latin "barbula", for "little beard." Barbels are sometimes erroneously referred to as "barbs", which are found in bird feathers for flight.

Barbels may be located in a variety of locations on the head of a fish. "Maxillary barbels" refers to barbels on either side of the mouth. Barbels may also be nasal, extending from the nostrils. Also, barbels are often mandibular or mental, being located on the chin.

Jean-Claude Gaudin

Jean-Claude Gaudin (born 8 October 1939) is a French politician. He is a member of The Republicans. He was the Mayor of Marseille from 1995 to 2020.

He was a member of the National Assembly of France from Bouches-du-Rhône from 1978 to 1989 and has been a member of the French Senate from 1989 to 1995 and again from 1998.

He was the Vice President of the French Senate from 1998 to 2011 and again from 2014 to 2017.

Pseudophilautus simba

Pseudophilautus simba is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in exactly one place Morningside Forest Reserve, 1080 meters above sea level.

Supreme (brand)

Supreme is an American clothes and skateboarding store made in New York City in April 1994. The company is focused with street wear, skateboarding, and hip hop ideas. Supreme makes skateboards and clothing. It was bought by VF Corporation in December 2020 for $2.1 billion.

In 2018, Supreme was given the Council of Fashion Designers of America's Menswear Designer of the Year Award.

Gisela Mayer

Gisela Mayer (30 October 1931 in Stuttgart - 1 July 2020 in Ellwangen ) was a local politician in Ellwangen, and founder of the first women's list in Germany. In 1996 she received the Barbara Künkelin Prize, from the city of Schorndor. In 2003 she received the Federal Cross of Merit .

Gisela Mayer graduated from the Hölderlin-Gymnasium in Stuttgart in 1949 and worked as a foreign language secretary, at the "Association of German Mechanical and Plant Engineering" in Stuttgart. In 1955, she married the lawyer Curt Mayer, where she was office manager. Her daughter Ingrid Alice Mayer is a lawyer, politician and author.

In 1979, Gisela Mayer founded the Ellwanger women's list, the first all-women's list in the Germany . In the local elections in 1980, she received almost 10% of the vote. She sat on the local council for 24 years. From 1989 to 2004 she was a district councilor in the Ostalb district .

Gisela Mayer died on July 1, 2020 in the St. Anna Virngrund Clinic at the age of 88 as a result of intestinal surgery.

Meløy

Meløy is a municipality in Norway's Nordland county. It is in the traditional district "Salten". 

Comet Ikeya–Seki

Comet Ikeya seki formally named C/1965 S1 etc. was discovered by Kaoru Ikeya and Tsutomu Seki hence the name.

Ikeya seki was discovered September 18 1965 and is now know to orbit the sun.

Hylodes japi

Hylodes japi is a frog. It lives in São Paulo, Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Serra do Japi, between 850 and 1050 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.9 - 25.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.4 – 28.0 mm long.mm. The frog is silver-white in color with small dark spots. The belly is lighter in color than the back. Some frogs have red-brown color on the back and on the tops of the feet and legs. The iris of the eye is the color of copper metal.

This frog lives near streams where the water flows fast. The frogs mate in the water. The male frog sings for the female frog near the stream. She goes to him. They both swim to the bottom of the stream to find a good place for eggs. The female may leave without mating. Or the male can dig in the bottom of the stream. The two frogs mate inside the tunnel, and the female lays her eggs there. Then the male covers the top of the tunnel with sand.

The tadpole is brown in color with soe yellow on the back. The iris of its eye is black in color. They swim near the bottom of the water. They eat anything they can find. Scientists think they might eat other tadpoles.

There are fewer of these frogs than in the past. Scientists believe this is because human beings change the places where the frogs live, cutting down forests for wood and places to make towns and cities. They also think the frog may get sick.

Hylodes caete

Hylodes caete is a frog. It lives in São Paulo, Brazil. It lives high in the hills in Serra do Mar.

Crossodactylus

Crossodactylus is a group of frogs in the family Hylodidae. These frogs live in Brazil, southern Paraguay, and northern Argentina. These frogs are sometimes known as "Limnocharis", "Tarsopterus", "Calamobates," and by the English-language name spinythumb frogs. They typically inhabit streams in mountainous areas in the Atlantic Forest or in montane savanna.

There are 14 species:

Charlotte Spencer (actress)

Charlotte Spencer (born 26 September 1991) is an English actress, dancer and singer. She is known for playing the female lead in "The Living and the Dead". "Screen International" magazine named her a Star of Tomorrow 2015.

Crossodactylus gaudichaudii

Gaudichaud's frog, Muller's spinythumb frog or the Brazilian spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus gaudichaudii") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 60 and 1060 meters above sea level.

Dean Phillips 2024 presidential campaign

Dean Phillips, U.S. representative from , announced his campaign for the 2024 United States presidential election on October 27, 2023.

Phillips' campaign advisor said that the campaign will focus on primaries in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Michigan.

On March 6, 2024, Phillips suspended his campaign following Super Tuesday.

Crossodactylus trachystomus

The Minas Gerais spinythumb frog, Bokermann's spinythumb frog or the Bokermann's stream froglet ("Crossodactylus trachystomus") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it between 60 and 1060 meters above sea level.

Now and Then (Beatles song)

"Now and Then" is a single by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released on 2 November 2023 as a double A-side single. It is paired with a new mix of the band's first single, "Love Me Do" (1962). It has been called "the last Beatles song".

The song was originally written and recorded by John Lennon around 1977 as a solo piano home demo, but was left unfinished. After Lennon's death in 1980, the song was thought as the third Beatles reunion single. Instead of being included on "Anthology 3", the song was shelved for almost thirty years. It was later completed by surviving bandmates Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr with singing and included guitar tracks by George Harrison from a 1995 session.

The finalized version also has more lyrics by McCartney, and Lennon's voice taken from the original demo using the AI-backed audio restoration technology. Peter Jackson directed the music video for "Now and Then".

It was announced by iHeartMedia that 740 radio stations owned by them will premiere "Now and Then" on 2 November 2023 and will air hourly on their Classic Rock stations.

Olga Pilipova

Olga Pilipova (born 9 September 1983) is an archer from Kazakhstan. Pilipova competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Yelena Plotnikova

Yelena Plotnikova (born 16 July 1977) is a Kazakhstani archer. Plotnikova competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Breeder reactor

A breeder reactor is a type of nuclear reactor designed to produce more fissile material (usually plutonium-239) than it consumes while generating electricity. It achieves this by converting non-fissile uranium-238 into fissile material through a process called "breeding". In breeder reactors, fast neutrons are used to initiate nuclear fission, and as the reactor operates, it creates more fissile material than it consumes, making it an efficient way to generate nuclear fuel. Breeder reactors have the potential to significantly extend the availability of nuclear fuel resources and reduce nuclear waste, but they also come with challenges related to safety and proliferation concerns.

Be Cool, Scooby-Doo!

Be Cool, Scooby-Doo! is a kids' mystery TV series on Cartoon Network and Boomerang. The show is about a bunch of teens: Fred, Daphne, Velma and Shaggy; and their dog named Scooby-Doo. They love solving mysteries all the time.

Siegfried Joksch

Siegfried Joksch (4 July 1917 – 29 April 2006) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder mainly for FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Joksch began his career with SK Admira Wien. This was one of the top teams in Austria at the time. Joksch won the championship title and the cup competition with the team. In 1937 he moved to Austria Wien. With Austria he won the championship twice. He also won two cup finals.
He played 22 matches for the Austrian national football team. His debut was on 6 December 1945 in a 4-1 win versus France. His last match was a 3-3 draw versus Switzerland on 19 March 1950.
After finishing his active career, he briefly coached Kapfenberger SV. Then he retired from top-level football.

Diagnosis of schizophrenia

Diagnosis of schizophrenia is the decision of a doctor when they meet someone. While the doctor is with someone they watch and listen to what someone is doing to decide if they have a schizophrenia (sz) problem. Doctors make a decision using their senses.
In the 1911 publication of Dr Bleuler, sz is diagnosed by recognition of "large symptom-complexes", one of which "peculiar association disturbance" is always a symptom that exists for diagnosis to be made, examples of this are "blocking" and "spliting of ideas". The Fundamental symptoms are present in every diagnosed case, the Accessory symptoms are present also in other illnesses. The "key" symptom is the association disorder 

The fundamental symptoms of Dr Bleuler were:
A past definition of the most important symptoms of sz, which are described as the "First-Rank Symptoms" were described by Kurt Schneider during 1938 these are: 

To decide if a person has schizophrenia 
a doctor uses The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) 
made by the American Psychiatric Association 
for the United States of America (US) 
and the International Classification of Diseases (ICD), 
made by World Health Assembly and the World Health Organisation, 
for all of the world, 
although used in the US with a US only version made by The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) because of the different cultures. 

There are no medical tests that can be used to say if a person has sz or not, so getting a diagnosis depends on which list of symptoms are used. It also depends on the doctor or psychologist who talks to the person. Some scientists think that sz is several separate illnesses that have some of the same symptoms. These scientists claim that the research done on sz is not accurate since different researchers mean different things when they use the word "schizophrenia" in scientific studies. Similarly named mental illnesses include schizotypal personality disorder, schizoaffective disorder, and schizoid personality disorder.

Unlike what the name suggests, people with sz do not have a split personality.

Splitting also occurs in Borderline Personality Disorder. 
A study of 2018 found that some doctors, perhaps many, diagnose sz within the first few minutes based on the "praecox feeling". The "feeling" is perhaps like first impressions. The "praecox feeling" is not in the "symptom checklists" of DSM and ICD which are intended for use by psychiatrists for diagnosis.
Additional problems as defined by clinicians and medical services are described in medical terms as "comorbidities". One research group found "substance misuse" was mostly the morbidity which people with sz had; substances are known as psychoactive 

Raja Ravi Varma

Raja Ravi Varma (29 April 1848 – 2 October 1906) was an Indian painter and artist. His works are one of the best examples of the fusion of European academic art with a purely Indian sensibility and iconography. Especially, he was notable for making affordable lithographs of his paintings available to the public, which greatly enhanced his reach and influence as a painter and public figure. His lithographs increased the involvement of common people with fine arts and defined artistic tastes among the common people. Furthermore, his religious.

Breaking wave

A Breaker or a breaking wave is a wave that has reached a maximum height and due to lack of cohesion has returned to the mass of water to which it is a part of by the force of gravity. Simply a breaker is an unstable wave Because it is unstable the waves shape is broken into many little droplets and parts as it falls down. 

Glenoid fossa

The glenoid fossa is a shallow depression into the scapula where it meets the humerus.

Storm Ciarán

Storm Ciarán was a powerful windstorm that affected Europe in early November 2023. 
The Storm was named by the United Kingdom’s Met Office on 29 October 2023. 

The Storm especially affected the Isle of Jersey.
Where a tornado formed during thunderstorms with hail caused by Storm Ciarán. 
Also southern England and France were severely affected by the storm, with record winds in France.
The storm also caused flooding and huge waves. 

In the Netherlands an orange weather warning was given for the coastal provinces for high winds. 
Events were canceled and there was a lot of disruption due to canceled flights, trains and busses. 

There were 15 fatalities as a result of the storm. 
A 46-year-old woman died in Germany when a tree fell on her. 
There were 2 deaths in Belgium, a 5-year-old child and a 64-year-old woman. 
A 23-year-old woman died in Spain.
In France two deaths were reported, including a 72-year-old man who was blown off his balcony.
And in the Netherlands a person was killed when a tree fell on their car. 
As of 3 November 2023, seven more died in Italy and one in Albania.

In total there were more than 1 million power outages, in Cornwall around 4.000 properties were left without power.

WAGR Pm class

The WAGR Pm class were a total of 18 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1950 to 1972.

The Pm class were built by the North British Locomotive Coy in 1949 to specifications almost identical to the standard P class, with slight alterations. Although originally designated for express passenger traffic, due to having independently sprung wheels, which caused rough riding they were reassigned to goods work.

Because of this, they were assigned to heavy and express goods on the Eastern Goldfields Railway and Great Southern Railway where they were well-suited, later serving on the South Western mainline until the end of steam on the WAGR, with withdrawals starting in 1970 and ending in 1972. Unlike the Pmr class, they had roller bearings on their trailing, leading and tender wheels, and not on their driving wheels.

Two are preserved, No. 701 is displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum and No. 706 was originally displayed at Narrogin before entering excursion service and is currently stored at Pinjarra on the Hotham Valley Railway due to weight restrictions on the line.

WAGR Pmr class

The WAGR Pmr class were a total of 16 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1950 to 1972.

The Pmr class was built in 1949 by the North British Locomotive Coy to almost identical specifications to the standard P class of 1924. They were ordered along with the Pm class, they differed from the aforementioned class in that they had all their wheels fitted with roller bearings, hence Pmr (Pacific Mills Roller-bearings). However like the Pm, due to each set of wheels being independently sprung, they rode roughly which led to their removal from express passenger traffic as they were unable to keep up with the set timetables.

Instead, they were placed on express and heavy goods work, where they worked successfully until the end of steam on the WAGR, with withdrawals starting in 1970 and ending in 1972. Four Pmr class locos are preserved, No. 70 is displayed at Steamtown, Peterborough in South Australia after having previously operated excursion trains, No. 721 is displayed at old Northam railway station, No. 729 is displayed at Coolgardie railway station, and No. 735 is in the possession of the Shire of Murray who plans on restoring it for static display in Pinjarra.

WAGR Q class

The WAGR Q class were a total of 2 utility steam locomotives operated originally by the Public Works Department (PWD) from 1928, and later by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1931 to 1953.

The Q class were built in 1928 for the PWD by Andrew Barclay & Son of Kilmarnock, Scotland essentially being an upgraded version of the G class then in use, with a utilitarian appearance and design for ease of maintenance and operation. In 1931 the railway construction branch of the PWD was amalgamated with the WAGR, where both engines lost their names ("Wiluna" and "Nornalup") and gained the running numbers 62 and 63. Both continued working on building projects until the late 1930s when they were reassigned as shunters. No. 62 was withdrawn in 1949, and No. 63 in 1953, both being scrapped.

Lady Slim

Lady Slim is the first drag queen in Azerbaijan.

Seymur Babayev was born on April 1, 1987 in Baku. After completing school in 2004, he entered the Faculty of History of Baku State University. In interviews, he mentioned that although he loved his specialty, but he always wanted to be on stage. After completing his studies in 2008, he went to Moscow, where he met the stage activities of drag queens for the first time. After learning everything of this art, he started to perform his first scenes in Moscow and after gaining experience, he returned to his native land Baku.

Lady Slim as the first drag queen of Azerbaijan, made herself known for the first time in 2010 on the broadcast one of Azerbaijan's famous television channels. Until then, she represented Azerbaijan in the international drag queen competition held in Odessa , Ukraine, and at the final of this competition, she received the titles of "First Vice Miss Travesty International 2010" and "Miss Theme Club". The experts commenting on the results of the competition mentioned Lady Slim's name in particular: "Today there was a great opportunity to give a Theme Club ribbon to a participant from Azerbaijan, by the way, she made a revolution there, because there was never such a thing before in Azerbaijan, it has now gone down in history." Lady Slim's show was also approved and supported by professional artists of Azerbaijan at that time. 

In 2011, Lady Slim went to Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, for the international contest "Miss Flawless Queen" to represent Azerbaijan again. She received the title of "Miss Elegant 2011" in this competition. Although Lady Slim's activities were not fully accepted within the country in the following years, the emergence of an artist in such a role in Azerbaijan managed to attract the attention of the international community. One of these is the establishment of world-famous businessman George Soros, the founder of the Open Society Foundations. Mirnaib Hasanov, one of the founders of the Azerbaijan Photographers Union, documented Lady Slim's life for the Open Society Foundations. The film consists of photographs reflecting the artist's daily and stage life. The main purpose was to show the difficult sides of the first drag in Azerbaijan.

In generally, Lady Slim noted that she was constantly harassed, censored and banned by the Azerbaijan government from the moment she first appeared on the scene. As she said in the interview: "The reason why I can't even be on the air anymore is because the producer of the program came to me and told me that the television channels were receiving phone calls from the state authorities, and I was banned from going to the press." In fact, one of the state officials who had the same surname as Slim (Babayev) expressed his objection to Slim speaking with this surname and banned her from appearing on television under surname. She appeared under the name "Babayev's show" according to her surname, until her stage pseudonym was Lady Slim. Later, Slim was completely banned from appearing on television. The BBC says that independent art isn't progressing in conservative Azerbaijan, where the government tries to control mass culture. Azerbaijan is a very conservative country. Anti-gay attacks are strong and actions for women's rights are sporadic, early marriages are common, and patriarchal traditions are strong too. Lady Slim stated in her recent interviews that her stage activities consist only of tours. "Now I live in the country, but I travel abroad frequently. I have performances abroad in venues with large audiences. . . Of course, they value my work abroad more, they find it more interesting, they are aware of drag culture." 

In 2021, French media published an interview with Lady Slim as the first drag queen from Azerbaijan on one of Europe's drag queen websites. Lady Slim also attracted the attention of French photographer Gregory Herpe. Herpe took a photo of Lady Slim in Baku and added it to the "Deep into Drag Queen" project. In that project, Lady Slim rides the tongue of a skull made from hundreds of skulls; the work of Turkish Kurdish artist Ahmet Guneshtekin. A photo taken in front of the Heydar Aliyev Center, a magnificent modern art museum in the capital of Azerbaijan, designed by Iraqi and British architect Zaha Hadid. It's not easy being a Drag Queen in this part of the world and Lady Slim pushes back against growing anti-queer restrictions to perform at home and abroad. 

Contemporary journalists in Azerbaijan believe that artists like Lady Slim remain at the forefront of a cultural movement that challenges norms, promotes acceptance and paves the way for a more inclusive society. Despite the challenges and bigotry she faces, her talent and determination shine through, reminding the world that drag culture is more than just entertainment; it is the embodiment of courage, freedom and the power to redefine social norms.


Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades

The Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades () originally called the Red Eagle Brigade or sometimes as the Popular Resistance Forces is the armed wing of the Marxist-Leninist, Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) in the Palestinian territories (the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem). It is known for its role in armed resistance related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and for the Aircraft hijackings of several international planes.

The Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades were formed to support the PFLP's objectives, which include the establishment of an independent Palestinian state. The group has engaged in various military activities, including rocket attacks and guerrilla warfare against Israeli forces.

Their actions have been a subject of controversy, with some viewing them as freedom fighters while others label them as militants or terrorists.

The group changed their name in 2001 to Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades, in memory of the Secretary-General of the PFLP, Abu Ali Mustafa, who was assassinated by Israel in 2001.

All Star Batman and Robin

All Star Batman and Robin is a comic book by Frank Miller and Jim Lee. It is a darker version of Robin’s origin story.

When Bruce Wayne and his girlfriend Vicki Vale go to the circus, a twelve year old boy acrobat named Dick Grayson is there with his parents. Dick’s parents are then murdered. So Batman kills the police who were talking to Dick for being corrupt and dangerous. Batman then kidnaps Dick to make him his sidekick. 

After kidnapping Dick, Batman tells him to eat whatever bats or rats he can find while Batman leaves to fight criminals. When Dick faints, Alfred dresses Dick in new clothes and gives him food to eat but Batman is angry when he finds out. Batman attacks a lot of criminals to find out who had Dick’s parents killed and finds out it was The Joker. Dick names himself Hood after Robin Hood but Batman tells him that a hood is dangerous to use and calls him Robin. Hal Jordan goes to talk to Batman about him being a vigilante so Batman and Robin paint themselves and an entire room yellow so they can fight Hal Jordan and win. Robin attacks Hal and almost kills him but Batman stops him. Batman and Robin go to the cemetery where Robin’s parents are buried. Then Batman says “we mourn lives lost, including our own”. 

Most critics didn’t like this comic. 

Lualhati Bautista

Lualhati Torres Bautista (December 2, 1945 – February 12, 2023) was a Filipina writer, novelist, liberal activist and political critic. Her most popular novels include "Dekada '70"; "Bata, Bata, Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"; and "‘GAPÔ".

Bautista died at her home on February 12, 2023, at the age of 77.

Pittsburgh Maulers (2022)

The Pittsburgh Maulers are a professional American Football team that started in Canton, Ohio. The Maulers play in the United States Football League (USFL)

north teams. The Maulers were made a team in 2021, which was one of the eight starting teams for the re-launch of the United States Football League which closed in 1986. 

Boogie Roberts

Isiah Henne

Troy WilliamsThey have worn 2 different color schemes

Indigo and Orange (2022)

Black and Gold (2023- present)
Alltime record Regular Season Postseason 

5-15 1-1

Rhodes (disambiguation)

Rhodes is an island of Greece.

Rhodes may also refer to:





San Fior

San Fior is a "comune" in the Province of Treviso in the Veneto region in Italy.

Campi Salentina

Campi Salentina is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in Italy.


Montaldo Scarampi

Montaldo Scarampi is a "comune" in the Province of Asti in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Tarsia

Tarsia is a "comune" in the Province of Cosenza in the Calabria region in southern Italy.

Rhodes, Moselle

Rhodes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Moselle department in northeast France.

Maglie

Maglie (Salentino: ; Griko: , ; ) is a town and "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Rovinj

Rovinj (Venetian and ; Istriot: ) is a town in Croatia, on the north Adriatic Sea. It is on the western coast of the Istrian peninsula and is a popular tourist resort and an fishing port. In 2011, 14,294 people lived there. Istriot, a Romance language spoken in this part of Istria, which are some people who still speak it. The town is officially bilingual, with both Croatian and Italian.

Hagen im Bremischen

Hagen im Bremischen is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km south of Bremerhaven, and 35 km northwest of Bremen. Hagen was the seat of the former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") Hagen.

Hechthausen

Hechthausen is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Oberndorf, Lower Saxony

Oberndorf is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Heterojunction solar cell

Heterojunction solar cells (HJT), also known as Silicon heterojunction (SHJ), are a type of solar cell. They are mass-produced, and the second-most common variety of solar cell currently in production as of 2023. They are currently the most efficient type of solar cell used in solar panels available to everyday consumers. 

Similarly to other consumer solar cells, they are made from crystalline silicon wafer. Silicon wafers used in solar cells have to be specially prepared to enable them to efficiently generate power from sunlight. Various techniques are used to improve solar cell efficiency. HJT solar cells are set apart from other solar cells in the way that they achieve their high efficiency.

Silicon wafers have useful properties for electricity generation from light. Most photons that enter the silicon wafer are converted directly into electrons, which then flow towards the wafer surface. The bulk material, being high quality electronics-grade silicon, is easy for electrons to travel through. However, the surface of these wafers are problematic for the flow of electricity, because they are rough-hewn at the atomic scale. The interruptions to the silicon crystal causes electrons to become trapped at these surfaces, and thus they are unable to contribute to the generated electric current. 

To solve this issue, HJT solar cells use a very thin layer of amorphous (non-crystalline) silicon on top of the crystalline substrate. Amorphous silicon has very different chemical and electrical properties to crystalline silicon. The amorphous layer terminates the silicon crystal in a way that the electrons are not trapped. This technique is known as "surface passivation" because it makes the surface electrically passive. This is a highly effective way of neutralising surface defects.

The reason it is called "heterojunction" is because "hetero" means "different", referring to the different properties of the amorphous and crystalline silicon. "Junction" means the electrical interface between the two materials.

After the electrons exit the silicon wafer surface, they travel into a thin conductive coating on the front of the solar cell (the blue-coloured material), and are then collected by the metal electrode (visible as a grid of narrow lines on the surface).

Despite having a high efficiency and being long-lasting, heterojunction solar cells are generally more expensive than competing cell technologies such as "PERC" solar cells (currently the most common variety of mass-produced solar cell). The cost difference arises as a result of various manufacturing challenges; most notably the higher consumption of silver in the electrodes, and the requirement for very high quality silicon wafers for the substrate. Although they were invented decades ago, HJT cells have entered mass-production relatively recently due to patent restrictions, and so the technology is less mature than competing solar cell technologies.

Scientists have studied the beneficial passivating effects of putting amorphous silicon onto crystalline silicon since the 1970s. HJT solar cells were invented by Japanese scientists in 1983, who realised that solar cells could be made better by using that kind of passivation. The Japanese company Sanyo then filed patents for the technology in the 1990s.



To make the silicon, quartz sand or pebbles are mined in a quarry. Quartz is a good source of very pure silicon dioxide, which can be smelted into elemental silicon in a furnace. The silicon is then purified through chemical processes in a reaction chamber. The product, "polycrystalline silicon" is formed, which are rods of silicon that contain billions of tiny silicon crystals. At this point, the silicon is often around 99.9999999% pure.

Solar cells work better when they are made from just a single, big crystal. This is because moving electrons get trapped at the crystal surfaces ("grain boundaries"). To make single-crystal silicon (monocrystalline silicon), the polycrystalline silicon is first melted in a crucible. Some impurities are also added in, in small amounts, to make the silicon conduct electrons more easily. In the case of HJT solar cells, phosphorus is added in to make ""n"-type silicon".

To grow the big crystal, a smaller "seed crystal" is dipped into the molten silicon and pulled back out. The silicon that freezes onto that seed crystal becomes part of that same crystal. Using this technique, a very large ingot of monocrystalline silicon can be grown.

The ingot comes out in a cylindrical shape. The round parts are cut off to make a long rectangular prism, with the scraps recycled. Then the square ingot is sliced into very thin square pieces. These are the silicon wafers. Nowadays, the wafers are quite large; comparable to a tablet screen, but the thickness is similar to coarse human hair; between 100-200 micrometres.

When the wafers are cut from the ingot, they are quite rough and damaged from the sawing process, so they are then chemically polished to remove the damage. They are also chemically textured to make them less reflective; this helps the finished solar cell capture more sunlight. The texturing makes the smooth, shiny surface into a rough one (however this roughness is much more controlled than the damage that the wafer saw creates).

After the wafers are textured, pure amorphous silicon is coated onto the silicon wafer in a layer only a few nanometres thick. This is also a chemical process called chemical vapour deposition. The purpose of this layer is to refine the surface of the wafer so electrons don't get stuck there.

A second amorphous silicon layer is now needed on top. This time, small amounts of impurities such as boron or phosphorus are added to it, depending on which side is being coated. This makes electrical charges in the layer, which encourages electrons to flow towards it (or away from the opposite side). The thickness is similar to the other amorphous silicon layer.

Next, a highly conductive transparent coating is applied on top. The coating is usually made from indium tin oxide. This coating helps gather electrons from all across the solar cell and funnel them into metal conductors (the electrodes) on the front or rear of the solar cell. The coating also has special properties that stop light from bouncing off the solar cell. This coating causes the deep blue colour of the solar cell.

Finally, the metal conductors can be added. The conductors are typically printed onto the solar cell. This process, called "screen printing", is very similar to how t-shirts are printed. However metal paste is used instead of ink.

All the above steps are also done on the rear side of the wafer. The heterojunction solar cell is nearly symmetrical, so electricity is generated even if light is shone into the back of the cell. Solar cells that do this are called "bifacial".

Now that the solar cells are finished, many of them can be connected together into a solar panel. The cells are put between two sheets of glass, and the gaps are filled with plastic. Then an aluminium frame is put on so that the panel can be mounted to a rooftop or a ground stand.

Tristan (poem)

Tristan is a Old French poem originally written by Thomas of Brittany. It is actually a narrative poem. It is one of the many versions of the Tristan and Iseult legend. The poem exists only in eight fragments, amounting to around 3,300 lines of verse, most of those lines of verse are written towards the end of the story. It has been calculated that this shows about ⅙ of the original.


Macro BMA

Macro BMA, formerly known as Banco Itaú, is an Argentine banking entity owned by Banco Macro since November 2023. It was the Argentine subsidiary of the Brazilian bank Itaú Unibanco, founded in 1998 after the acquisition of Banco del Buen Ayre. Currently, the entity has 99 bank branches and 140 ATMs throughout the country, serving over 400,000 clients.

Work It Out Wombats!

Work It Out Wombats! is a TV show from PBS Kids produced by WGBH Kids.


The Minimighty Kids

The Minimighty Kids (Les Minijusticiers) is a French-animated television series based on a comic book series by Hélène Bruller and Zep about 78 children that magically gain superpowers based on each of their flaws and differences. A second season titled The Minimighty Squad (La Brande De Minijusticiers) centers around 5 of these kids that keep their powers because of them wishing on a magic star. 


Humor Risk

Humor Risk is a lost silent short comedy horror movie that saw the debut of the Marx Brothers. The movie was released in December 1921 after being shot in April that year. The reception it received at the children's matinee in New York was poor, and either Groucho Marx or the Brothers are said to have purchased the rights and had the sole print destroyed. The film was never recovered.


According to Kyle Crichton's 1951 biography of the brothers, Harpo played the hero, a character named Watson who "made his entrance in a high hat, sliding down a coal chute into the basement", against Groucho as the villain who in the finale is shown "in ball and chain, trudging slowly off into the gloaming". In his book "Monkey Business", Simon Louvish describes Harpo's character as being a detective.

Luiza Saidiyeva

Luiza Saidiyeva (; born March 17, 1994) is a Kazakh archer. Saidiyeva competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Vadim Shikarev

Vadim Shikarev (15 November 1968 – February 2001) was a Kazakhstani archer. Shikarev competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Kušim

Kušim (?) (lived 31st century BC) was a Sumerian writer, barley producer, beer manufacturer, storage owner, and accountant. Kušim is best known for having one of the earliest known recorded (supposed) names of a writer, as well as being one of the earliest known writers in history. Even though we know for certain that Kušim existed and lived in Sumer 31st century BC and that this person worked as a barley producer, storage owner, and accountant, it is rather disputed if Kušim is actually this person's name or not. Some scholars suggested that Kušim could be supposedly the title of a ocupation which used to exist (or it has a different name in the modern-day world), the supposed name of a institution, and/or more suggestions.

Kušim lived and worked 31st century BC in Sumer as a barley producer, beer manufacturer, storage owner, and accountant. He also worked as a writer. 
It is rather disputed if Kušim is actually this person's name or not. Some scholars suggested that Kušim could be the supposed title of a occupation which used to exist (or it has a different name in the modern-day world), the supposed name of an institution, and/or more suggestions. Kušim is only known from several clay tablets dating to around his time. He is best known for having one of the earliest known (supposed) recorded names of a writer and also for being one of the earliest known writers in history.

Pseudophilautus sordidus

The grubby shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 60 and 1060 meters above sea level.

WAGR S class

The WAGR S class were a total of 10 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1943 to 1972.

The S class were notable for being the only full design by Midland Railway Workshops, having been originally proposed in the 1930s by Draftsman Frederick Mills, who went on to become the Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the WAGR until his death in 1949. An initial 3 were constructed in 1943, with another 2 following in 1945, and the last 5 in 1947. The S class were named after mountains in Western Australia and were originally intended for mixed traffic work, upon their entry into service they worked on the Eastern Railway and Eastern Goldfields Railway on passenger and freight services.

However, they were soon moved onto heavy goods traffic on the Great Southern Railway and South Western mainline, where they performed admirably. Withdrawals were carried out in 1971-72, with three left in preservation. No. 542 (477) "Bakewell" is currently displayed at East Perth terminal, No. 547 "Lindsay" is stored awaiting restoration in Queenscliff, Victoria, and No. 549 "Greenmount" is operational at the Bassendean Railway Museum where it is also displayed.

Sirpa

Sirpa is a Finnish female (first-name or) given name. A few men are named Sirpa in Finland.

Most of the people named Sirpa were born between 1940 and 1980.

Sirpa's name day is September 15.

The name is known from as early as [the childhood of] actress Sirpa Tolonen. She was baptized Siiri Sylvia, but her nickname became "Sirpa". Tolonen worked for a radio program, and her [strange or] peculiar name quickly spread throughout the country. 


List of pastors in Nigeria

This is a list of notable pastors in Nigeria, both present and past.

WAGR U class

The WAGR U class were a total of 14 steam locomotives originally owned by the British War Department and later operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1946 to 1970.

The U class were constructed in 1942 by the North British Locomotive Coy under an order from the British War Department for use on railways throughout North Africa during the Second World War, they were almost identical to the Sudan Government Railways 220 class 4-6-2 engines and were found to be unsuitable on most railways who required larger engines.

Most served in Sudan with several more stored in a dismantled state at a military railway in Derby, England. Upon the conclusion of World War II, the British War Department placed the stored locos up for sale, the WAGR jumped at the chance to resolve desperate locomotive shortages.

When they arrived they remained as oil burners due to protests on the Collie coalfields, they were placed on express passenger service on the South Western mainline to Bunbury where they performed so well that they were assigned to a newly named train the "Australind" which at the time was the fastest narrow gauge express in Australia.

However as diesels began to be introduced they were mostly stored at Midland Junction pending withdrawal, however, with more protests on the coalfields, some of the U class were reactivated hauling heavy goods until 1969 when most were withdrawn once more. No. 655 survived until 1970 hauling goods trains from Midland to Bassendean, and is now on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum. The Ut class rebuild No. 664 is also displayed at Bassendean.

WAGR Ut class

The WAGR Ut class was a single side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1957 to 1970.

The Ut class was the result of converting standard U class No. 664 from a tender engine into a side tank engine for suburban service. Despite being converted to coal before becoming a tank engine in 1954, however, when being rebuilt it returned to oil burning, which was stored in the bunker. No. 664 was withdrawn in 1970 being one of the last tank engines in service, it is now displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Asg class

The WAGR Asg class were a total of 25 ASG steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1944 to 1957.

The Asg class were purposefully built for war service in Western Australia during the Second World War, they were part of the government scheme to build Australian Standard Garratts (ASG) for narrow gauge systems that required more motive power. They were not a great success and only provided temporary albeit much-needed relief before the class's own issues became too much. By 1958 all had been withdrawn, scrapped or sold. One that was built for Western Australia but never delivered is preserved and on display in Victoria.

Australian Standard Garratt

The Australian Standard Garratt (ASG) was a total of 57 steam locomotives built from 1943 to 1945.

After the federal government founded the Commonwealth Land Transport Board (CLTB) in 1939 a recommendation was made to build several types of Garratt for Australian railway networks. The CLTB only authorised the construction of the light type from several Australian builders for service in Western Australia, South Australia, Tasmania and Queensland. Though they did provide temporary relief to said systems they were found to have several flaws and most were withdrawn in the 1950s. One ASG No. G33 (which never actually served on a government system) is preserved and on display at Newport Railway Museum after working industrial trains.

2023 Nepal earthquake

A magnitude 5.7 earthquake hit Jajarkot District, Karnali Province, Nepal at 11:47 PM local time (18:02 GMT) on 3 November 2023. The earthquakes caused at least 153 deaths and injured at least 375 people. The earthquake was felt in western Nepal and northern India. It wasn't very strong, and relatively few people died. As it occured in an area that is remote and difficult to access, the death toll may still rise. It wasn't very strong, but it caused a lot of damage. This was because the building standards in the region are low. The earthquake also occurred at night.

Nepal is located in the Himalayas, a place where earthquakes happen because the Indian and Eurasian tectonic plates are colliding. These plates are moving towards each other at a rate of 1.6 to 2.0 inches per year. The Indian Plate is sliding beneath the Eurasian Plate's landmass, causing faults to form along the collision area. The Main Frontal Thrust is the main fault that handles this movement. Throughout history, earthquakes along these faults have been very destructive.

Earthquakes are quite common in Nepal. In 1934, there was a very big earthquake with a magnitude of 8.0 that hit Sagarmatha, and it caused 10,700 deaths in Nepal and India. In 1988, there was a magnitude 6.9 earthquake in eastern Nepal that killed over 700 people. In 2015, a big earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 hit central Nepal and caused the deaths of over 9,000 people, including many in the capital city, Kathmandu.

The United States Geological Survey said the earthquake had a magnitude of 5.7 and a depth of 17.9 kilometers. The type of fault responsible for the earthquake was identified as a reverse fault along a plane that stretches from northwest to southeast, with the angle of dip being either northeast or southwest. A magnitude 4.0 aftershock was recorded hours later. The epicenter was estimated to be in Ramidanda, located in the Jajarkot District.

Băicoi

Băicoi is a town in Prahova County, Romania. About 16,500 people live there.

Lucie Zhang

Lucie Zhang, born on October 27, 2000 in Paris, is a French actress.

Lucie Zhang was born in the 13th district of Paris. She studied drama at the Francis Poulenc municipal conservatory from 2019 to 2020 and also took part in various short films during that time.

While she was a student majoring in economics and management at the University of Paris-Dauphine, she got recruited for the feature film "Paris, 13th District" directed by Jacques Audiard. She starred alongside Makita Samba, Jehnny Beth, and Noémie Merlant. In the film, she played the role of Émilie, a young woman of Chinese descent who works as a call center agent, despite having a degree from Sciences Po Paris. She lives in her grandmother's apartment, who resides in a nursing home in the Olympiades neighborhood. The film was in the official competition at the Cannes Film Festival in 2021.



Slatina, Romania

Slatina is the capital city of Olt County, Romania. It is on the river Olt. In 2021, 63,487 people lived there.

Râmnicu Vâlcea

Râmnicu Vâlcea is the capital city of Vâlcea County, Romania. As of 2021, 93,151 people live in Râmnicu Vâlcea.

Abdul-Malik al-Houthi

Abdul-Malik Badruldeen al-Houthi () or Abu Jibril is a Yemeni politician and religious leader who serves as the leader of the Houthi movement, a revolutionary movement principally made up of Zaidi Muslims. His brothers Yahia and Abdul-Karim are also leaders of the group, as were his late brothers Hussein, Ibrahim, and Abdulkhaliq. Abdul-Malik Houthi is the leading figure in the Yemeni Civil War which started with the Houthi takeover in Yemen in the Saada Governorate in northern Yemen.

Secretary of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of Vietnam

The Secretary of Central Military Commision of Vietnam is the highest party official in Communist Party of Vietnam on military affairs.

Vidin

Vidin () is a port city on the southern bank of the Danube in northwest Bulgaria. It is close to the borders with Romania and Serbia. It is also the capital of Vidin Province. In 2011, 48,071 people lived there.

Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam

The Chairman of National Assembly of Vietnam, less formally National Assembly Chairman is the legislative speaker of Vietnam, presiding over National Assembly.

Sfântu Gheorghe

Sfântu Gheorghe (; ; lit.: "Saint George") is a city in Transylvania, Romania. It is the capital city of Covasna County. It is on the Olt River in a valley between the Baraolt and the Bodoc Mountains. In 2021, 50,080 people live in Sfântu Gheorghe.

National Assembly of Vietnam

The National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is the highest branch of state power in Vietnam. The National Assembly is the only branch of government in Vietnam, in accordance with the principle of unified power.

Crossodactylus dispar

The Rio spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus dispar") is a frog. It lives in the Serro do Mar mountain range. It lives in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro in Brazil and in parts of Argentina.

Obi Nduka Ezeagwuna II

Obi Nduka Ezeagwuna II (29 January 1992), is Nigerian royalty. He was crowned the Obi of Issele-Uku on 29 December 2016. He is the 20th Obi after his father who died 2014.

He is currently the Obi of Issele-Uku from 2016 to Present. He also serves as Nigerian engineer.

Nduka Ezeagwuna II, as he was known before becoming Obi of Issele-Uku, attended his primary and secondary school education at Greater Tomorrow in Benin City (Nigeria). He got his A-Level Certificate from University of Ibadan. He graduated as a chemical engineer from the University of Ibadan.

Obi Nduka Ezeagwuna, the traditional ruler of Issele-Uku kingdom in Aniocha North Local Government Area of Delta, has advised lawmakers to positively impact on the lives of their constituents. The traditional ruler gave the advice in his palace at Issele-Uku on Thursday when the member representing Aniocha North constituency in the state House of Assembly, Mr Emeka Nwaobi, led some principal officers of the House on a thank-you visit to him. He also urged them to justify the mandate given to them by their people by ensuring that the dividends of democracy got to them. ”As lawmakers, do all that you can to ensure that the people in your constituencies benefit from your quality and effective representation,” he said. Ezeagwuna said they should also use their positions as lawmakers to enact laws that would better the lives of the people, especially their constituents. The royal father, who was glad to receive Nwaobi as the Majority Leader of the Eighth Assembly, said that the lawmaker’s emergence as majority leader was an act of God. ”Today is a historic day for us as a people and as a kingdom, and I must commend members of the state assembly for making out time for this visit. ”Whatever that transpired in the life of Emeka Nwaobi is the will of God and not my will. ”I must say that whoever brings out himself or herself for the service of the people will surely be elevated to greater heights,” he said. He advised the lawmakers to ensure that they use their positions to impact positively on humanity by promoting people-oriented legislation. “My appeal to all of you is simple: you should know that the office you currently occupy is for the benefit of your people. “You should do all you can to ensure that your constituents benefit immensely from the position you currently occupy” the traditional ruler said. Earlier, Nwaobi told the traditional ruler that he was at the palace to thank him for his support before and after the election. Nwaobi, who was accompanied on the visit by the Deputy Speaker, Mr Arthur Akpowowo and other lawmakers, seized the occasion to officially inform the royal father of his emergence as majority leader of the assembly. ”I am here to thank my traditional ruler and my people for showing me love, especially all through my turbulent period. ”I am also here to him because each time I prepare to run for election, the palace has always been my first point of call. ”I have also come to seek your prayers for God to give me the wisdom to function effectively as majority leader, ” he said. The lawmaker also commended his colleagues for their support in making the visit a success (NAN).

Obi of Issele-Uku

Navbharat Times

Navbharat Times (NBT) is a Hindi newspaper distributed in Delhi, Mumbai, Lucknow and Kanpur.

Riobamba Canton

Riobamba Canton is one of ten cantons of the Chimborazo Province in Ecuador. Its population at the 2010 census was 225,741. Its capital is the town of Riobamba.

The canton is divided into 16 parishes, five urban parishes, Lizarzaburu, Maldonado, Velasco, Veloz and Yaruquíes, and eleven rural parishes: Cacha, Calpi, Cubijíes, Flores, Licán, Licto, Pungalá, Punín, Químiag, San Juan and San Luís.


The Economic Times

The Economic Times is an Indian English-language daily newspaper that focuses on business. It is owned by The Times Group.

Lodi Vecchio

Lodi Vecchio is an Italian city in Lombardy. Lodi Vecchio is in the Province of Lodi. It is near Lodi. About 7,500 people live there.

Codogno

Codogno is an Italian city in Lombardy. Codogno is in the Province of Lodi. About 15,000 people live there. It is the main center of the plain known as Basso Lodigiano, which has about 90,000 people live there.

Casalpusterlengo

Casalpusterlengo is an Italian city in Lombardy. Casalpusterlengo is in the Province of Lodi. About 15,000 people live there.

Fombio

Fombio is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Somaglia

Somaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Queen Maud Land

Queen Maud Land (Norwegian: "Dronning Maud Land") is a region of Antarctica claimed by Norway as a dependent territory. Its size is about 2.7-million-square-kilometre (1.0-million-square-mile). It borders the claimed British Antarctic Territory 20° west and the Australian Antarctic Territory 45° east. In addition, a small unclaimed area from 1939 was annexed in June 2015. Positioned in East Antarctica, it makes out about one-fifth of the continent, and is named after the Norwegian queen Maud of Wales (1869–1938).

In 1930, the Norwegian Hjalmar Riiser-Larsen was the first person known to have set foot in the territory. On 14 January 1939, the territory was claimed by Norway. On 23 June 1961, Queen Maud Land became part of the Antarctic Treaty System, making it a demilitarised zone. It is one of two Antarctic claims made by Norway, the other being Peter I Island. They are administered by the Polar Affairs Department of the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and Public Security in Oslo.

Most of the territory is covered by the east Antarctic ice sheet, and a tall ice wall stretches throughout its coast. In some areas farther within the ice sheet, mountain ranges breach through the ice, allowing for birds to breed and the growth of a limited flora. The region is divided into, from west to east, the Princess Martha Coast, Princess Astrid Coast, Princess Ragnhild Coast, Prince Harald Coast and Prince Olav Coast:

Giovanni Goria

Giovanni Giuseppe Goria (30 July 1943 – 21 May 1994) was an Italian politician. He was the 46th Prime Minister of Italy from 1987 to 1988.

Goria died suddenly from lung cancer in his hometown Asti, aged 50.

Fernando Tambroni

Fernando Tambroni Armaroli (25 November 1901 – 18 February 1963) was an Italian politician. He was the 36th Prime Minister of Italy from March to July 1960. He was a member of the Christian Democracy.

Sant'Angelo Lodigiano

Sant'Angelo Lodigiano is an Italian city in Lombardy. Sant'Angelo Lodigiano is in the Province of Lodi. About 13,200 people live there.

Pitești

Pitești is a city in Muntenia, Romania. It is the capital and largest city of Argeș County. It is on the river Argeș. In 2021, 141,275 people lived there.

Pitești is an important commercial and industrial center and has two universities.

Slobozia

Slobozia is the capital city of Ialomița County, Romania. In 2021, 41,550 people live in Slobozia.

List of fentanyl analogues

This is a list of some fentanyl analogues (Fentalogs). 

The list has [famous] chemical compounds from (drug companies or) pharmaceutical companies for legitimate medical use. The list also has compounds that have been sold as designer drugs and reported to drug control agencies such as the DEA, or EMCDDA and UNODC.

Drobeta-Turnu Severin

Drobeta-Turnu Severin is the capital city of Mehedinți County, Romania. It is on the northern bank of the river Danube. In 2021, 79,865 people live in Drobeta-Turnu Severin.

Tvorchi

Tvorchi (Ukrainian for "creatives") are a Ukrainian electronic music duo from Ternopil. They have released four albums. Tvorchi reperesented Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Heart of Steel". They finished in 6th place.

Vaslui

Vaslui is the capital city of Vaslui County, Romania. In 2021, 63,035 people live in Vaslui.

Graaff-Reinet

Graaff-Reinet is a town in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. It is the oldest town in the province. It is also the sixth-oldest town in South Africa, after Cape Town, Stellenbosch, Simon's Town, Paarl and Swellendam. The town was the centre of a short-lived republic in the late 18th century.[5] The town was a starting point for Great Trek groups led by Gerrit Maritz and Piet Retief and furnished large numbers of the Voortrekkers in 1835–1842.

Graaff-Reinet is home to more national monuments than any other town or city in South Africa. It is also known for being a flourishing market for agricultural produce, noted for its mohair industry, and sheep and ostrich farming.

Ianca

Ianca is a town in Brăila County, Romania. In 2021, 8,969 people live in Ianca.

Ardud

Ardud (; ) is a town in Satu Mare County, Romania. In 2021, 6,124 people live in Ardud. It is known for its fortress.

Suseni, Harghita

Suseni () is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.

Lueta

Lueta () is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.

Dame Gruev

Dame Gruev, (, , spelled in older Bulgarian orthography as "Дамянъ Йовановъ Груевъ" January 19, 1871 – December 23, 1906) was а revolutionary and insurgent leader in the Ottoman regions of Macedonia and Thrace. He was one of the six founders of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization. He is considered a national hero in Bulgaria and North Macedonia. He is also featured in the Macedonian national anthem "Denes nad Makedonija".

Dame Gruev was born in 1871 in the village of Smilevo, Monastir vilayet, Ottoman Empire (now North Macedonia). He received his elementary education in Smilevo and continued his education in the Men's High School of Thessaloniki, he would also study in Resen, Bitola, Thessaloniki and Belgrade. He was part of a group excluded from the school following a student revolt where they revolted aganist the Bulgarian propaganda and wanted school education in the back then banned Macedonian language. Gruev later continued his education in the Grandes écoles in Belgrade. Following yet another revolt, Gruev and his associates were excluded from the Great School and emigrated to Bulgaria. Gruev was enrolled in Sofia University and, later, in the Young Macedonian Literary Society. He found also the circle "Družba", whose aim was to implement "Article 23" of the Treaty of Berlin (1878) on the autonomy of Macedonia. In 1891 Gruev was expelled from the university as he was suspected in the assassination of the Minister Hristo Belchev, but subsequently, this allegation turned out to be groundless.

Next, Gruev left the university and returned to Ottoman Macedonia region, around 1891 till 1893 he worked as a teacher around the country looking for a job, first working as a teacher in his home town and then moving on to work as a teacher in Prilep. Eventually in late 1893 he decided to move to Thessaloniki with help from Hristo Tatarčev and Petar Pop Arsov among others, he became an inspector for local schools in Thessaloniki. Around this time he and 7 other revolutionaries came up with the Constitution and By-laws and the creation process of MRO. It was to be a secret organization under the guidance of a Central Committee, with local revolutionary committees throughout Macedonia and the region of Edirne. These regions were to be divided into revolutionary districts. In accordance with the Constitution, the first Central Revolutionary Committee was formed in the summer of 1894, under the chairmanship of Hristo Tatarčev.

In the summer of 1894 in the city of Negotino, he began organizing the first local revolutionary committee which would later be expanded all over Macedonia and Thracia, and soon after with the cooperation of Pere Tošev, the first district committee in the city of Štip. Gruev visited the cities of Resen, Ohrid, and Struga as well, and found the local population to be accepting his organization's revolutionary ideas very well. He remained a teacher in Štip during the academic year 1894–1895. In the fall of 1895 Goce Delčev arrived in Štip with the idea of laying the foundations of a revolutionary movement seeking autonomy for Macedonia and Adrianople Thrace. Gruev and Delčev met for the first time and shared their ideas there. Gruev introduced Delčev to the plan already outlined by the Central Committee of Thessaloniki. After this, both Gruev and Goce Delčev worked together in Štip and its environs.

The expansion of the IMRO at the time was phenomenal, particularly after Gruev settled in Thessaloniki during the years 1895–1897, in the quality of a school inspector. Gruev had become the soul and body of the Central revolutionary committee. Under his direction, secret revolutionary papers were issued, ciphers were introduced, pseudonyms or a "nom de plume" were used, and channels for secret communication between various other local and Macedonian committees were maintained. A representative of the Central Revolutionary Committee was sent to Sofia to take charge of purchasing and dispatching of the necessary war provisions for IMARC. Gruev's tirelessly travelled throughout Macedonia and the Vilayet of Adrianople and systematically established and organized committees in villages and cities. In 1897, Gruev was also one of the founders of the Society against Serbs. Unfortunately, for purely political reasons, and in order to avoid suspicion from the Ottoman authorities, IMARC decided to dismiss Gruev in 1898. Soon after his dismissal Gruev moved to Bitola and there with the cooperation of Petar Pop Arsov, Vasil Paskov and others, he began to issue a revolutionary paper.

He organized a system in which money was collected from Sunday schools through a special "revolutionary tax", and a quantity of war materials was purchased. Gruev was again appointed to the teaching staff now in the city of Bitola, and as such, he also assumed the management of the revolutionary movement in the "Vilayet of Monastir" (Bitola), while the active persons at the Committee in Thessaloniki were Hristo Tatarčev, Pere Tošev, and Hristo Matov. Gruev's activities in the Bitola district were not left unnoticed by the Ottoman authorities. Numerous "chetas" (bands) throughout the surrounding mountains began to terrorize the local authorities. Gruev, being suspected as a major factor in fostering this movement, was arrested on 6 August 1900. He was held in Bitola jail until May 1902. However, by using secret writings and ciphers, he was able to remain in contact with the local revolutionary committees and direct the affairs of the revolutionary district of Bitola.

In the later part of May 1902, Gruev was condemned to banishment in the prison of Podrum Kale in Anatolia. There he found Hristo Matov and Hristo Tatarčev, both sentenced to exile in January 1901. Gruev and his comrades were kept in "Podroum Kale" for ten months. Although he was away from Macedonia and Thrace itself, Gruev managed to keep himself informed as to the development and affairs of the MRO. He kept up a steady stream of encrypted correspondence with Thessaloniki, Bitola, and Sofia. On Easter of 1903, at the instance of a general amnesty, he was released. Gruev hastened to Thessaloniki and there he found that the Central Committee, which was in charge of the IMRO, had already resolved to declare a general insurrection which was to take place during 1903. Although Gruev was not in accord with the Central Committee's decision, primarily because of the MRO's lack of preparedness, he gave in to the decision of the Central Committee.

He left Thessaloniki and went to Smilevo where the insurrectionary Congress was to be held. The purpose of this Congress was to set the date for the declaration of the general insurrection and to outline the methods and tactics in its prosecution. Here Gruev met Boris Sarafov, who had just arrived from Bulgaria. Gruev was elected as chairman of this Congress, and the latter decided that the day of the declaration of the insurrection was to be 2 August 1903. Gruev, Boris Sarafov, and Anastas Lozančev were elected by the Congress as the three members of the General Staff and empowered to direct the insurrectionary forces in the Bitola region. Gruev lived to see the retreat of the Turkish troops from his native village of Smilevo. He was engaged, during the course of the insurrection, in numerous skirmishes with the Ottoman Army. But with the arrival of Ottoman troops, any progress of the insurrection was made impossible and in a period of six weeks, it was completely crushed. Gruev put himself on the task of touring various revolutionary districts, disarming the insurgents, and storing up the war materials for future use. Gruev and his followers continued the work of organization and preparation for another uprising.

In 1904 Dame Gruev chaired the Prilep Congress of the Bitola Revolutionary District of IMRO. In the autumn of that year, Dame was captured by the Serb's leader Micko Krstić, but was set free, with the assistance of Gligor Sokolović, after his negotiations with Pere Tošev. In 1905 Gruev headed the first General Congress of the organization after the uprising, the so-called Rila Congress. Here Dame Gruev was elected as a member of the Central Committee and became in fact its leader, until his death. Indeed, Dame was the only one who appeared to be capable of mastering Jane Sandanski's ambition for leadership. However, the Rila Congress failed to erase the political differences in the organization. There arose a need to conduct a new special congress in Sofia in December 1906, which never took place. At the end of 1906, Gruev moved with his detachment from Ottoman Macedonia to Sofia to attend the special Congress. On 23 December 1906, Dame Gruev and his detachment were discovered by the Turkish authorities near the village of Rusinovo (Maleševo district). Gruev and his band were confronted by Ottoman forces and in the following battle he was killed.

In North Macedonia, he is regarded as an important Macedonian revolutionary who fought for a separate Macedonian nation and state. For Macedonian historian Vančo Gjorgjiev, Dame Gruev was one of the main and most important leaders in the Macedonian revolutionary movement between the late 19th century and 20th century. His name is part of the Macedonian national anthem "Today over Macedonia". A monument was placed in his honor in the Macedonia Square in Skopje in 2011, as part of the "Skopje 2014" project. Regarding his death, Macedonian poet Nikola Petrov-Rusinski wrote:

Trollhättan school stabbing

On 22 October 2015, a mass stabbing happened at Kronan School, a high school in Trollhättan, Sweden when a 21-year-old man named Anton Lundin Pettersson killed three people and injured one other person with a sword before dying himself after being shot by police who had arrived at the school.

It is the deadliest attack on a school in Swedish history and also the first attack on a school in Sweden where someone died since the Kungälv school shooting in 1961, where one person was killed and six other people were injured. The investigation by police says that Pettersson was motivated by racism and had chosen to attack the school because it was in a neighbourhood where many immigrants lived.

There have been many hate crimes in city of Trollhättan, including an fire attack at a mosque in the 1990s. Lots of people think it is the most racially devided place in Europe.

Pettersson went into the school at 10:06, wearing black clothes, a cape, a type of German helmet and a paintball mask. People who saw him thought he was at the school for a Halloween prank. The news and media compared the way Pettersson was dressed to the way a character from the film series Star Wars, named Darth Vader dresses.

A 20-year-old teaching assistant named Lavin Eskandar walked up to Pettersson, who stabbed him. Eskandar died at the school. Pettersson then stabbed a 15-year old Somali student named Ahmed Hassan, who died from being stabbed in hospital. Pettersson then stabbed a 15-year-old Syrian student who was not named, who survived his injuries.

When he was walling through the school, two students walked up to Pettersson and because they thought he was there for a Halloween prank, they posed with him and took a picture. The police chief of the city named Niclas Hallgren, said that Pettersson didn’t kill them becuase they were white.

After that, a 42-year-old teacher named Nazir Amso, walked up to Pettersson and told him to remove his mask. Petterson ran at Amso and stabbed him. Amso died from being stabbed six weeks later in hospital on 3 December. Some time before, 10:16, police officers came to the school, ten minutes after Petterson came to the school. Pettersson ran at the police and he was shot in his abdomen, which he died from in hospital.

Anton Niclas Lundin Pettersson (22 June 199422 October 2015) was the man who did the attack. Pettersson did not have a criminal record and he wasn’t a member of any political organisation, but he did support a petition by the Sweden Democrats to make a petition about immigration. "Aftonbladet" said that Pettersson went om far-right and extremist websites supporting Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany and he also joined a Facebook group that wanted to stop immigration in Sweden. The Swedish Security Service was called in to investigate the information.

Pettersson lived in a building far away from the school but he chose to attack the school because it was in Kronogården, a town where lots of immigrants lived, police used this as more evidence for his motive. People who used to be in the same class as Pettersson said he was a lonely person who "lived in his own world" and dressed in black clothes from the emo or rock scene.

A survivor of the 2011 Norway attacks named Bjørn Ihler, said in "The Guardian" that in 2013, Pettersson had liked a YouTube video of former Ku Klux Klan leader Johnny Lee Clary talking about how a good experience with a black man made him stop being racist.

On the morning of 23 October, one day after the attack, Swedish police and news said that the attack had "racist motives" and that it was a "hate crime". The city’s police chief named Niclas Hallgre said that hat all of the victims of the attack were "dark-skinned". The Head of Investigation named Thord Haraldsson said that CCTV footage showed that Pettersson didn’t kill any people with white skin.

After the news of the attack, Prime Minister Stefan Löfven went to Trollhättan and she said it was a “black day" for the country. Minister for Integration Anders Ygeman said on Twitter: "It is with sadness and dismay I received the news of the attack on the school in Trollhättan. My thoughts go to the victims and their families". King Carl XVI Gustaf said that the royal family heard the news "with great dismay and sadness".

On the days getting closer to Halloween, there were reports of people wearing suspicous costumes or brandishing weapons, which were actually just people celebrating Halloween. The police told the public not to carry fale weapons with their Halloween costumes, to stop anyone being confused. Kronan School was closed until 2 November, when it was opened with better security.

On 29 September 2017, the first book about the attack was published: "What Was Never Allowed To Happen: The Trollhättan School Attack" () The book had information about the attack that was not known to the public before, including a message Pettersson sent to an online friend before the attack. The author, , spoke to Petterson’s brother Erlandsson won the Stora Journalistpriset for the book.

On 25 March 2019, two consecutive mass shootings happened in a terrorist attack on two mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand, where 51 people were killed and 40 pther people were injured. The perpetrator behind the shootings spoke about Pettersson in his manifesto and declared his support for him and also wrote Petterson's name on one of his guns.

Inspired attacks

List of ambassadors of the United States to Australia

The ambassador of the United States to Australia is the highest ranking diplomatic official from the United States to Australia.

Pavullo nel Frignano

Pavullo nel Frignano is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Football player Luca Toni was born here.

Palagano

Palagano is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Laurito

Laurito is a "comune" in the Province of Salerno in the Campania region in Italy. It is about 200 km south of Napoli.

Cavatore

Cavatore is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

La Villeneuve-les-Convers

La Villeneuve-les-Convers is a French commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Storm Poly

Storm Poly was a severe windstorm that affected northwest Europe in early July 2023. 

The Netherlands was most affected by the storm.
Storm Poly was the most severe summer storm in the Netherlands since at least 1911.

In the Dutch provinces of North Holland, Flevoland and Friesland a red weather warning was given for strong wind gusts.

At Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam, about 400 flights were canceled, and many flights were unable to land. 

There were two fatalities as a result of the storm: a 51-year-old woman in the Netherlands, and a woman in Germany.

Hollow (Alice in Chains song)

"Hollow" is a 2012 song by Alice in Chains. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here" and went to number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks and number 4 on the Canadian Rock Tracks charts. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2014.

Parasitic disease

A parasitic disease is a disease caused by a parasite. It is also known as parasitosis. Parasites live on or inside a host organism, and they cause harm to the host. Parasites are either protozoa, parasitic worms (called helminths), or parasitic arthropods. Other parasites that cause disease include lice, fleas, mites, and certain fies, which are know as ectoparasites.

List of ambassadors of the United States to Japan

The ambassador of the United States to Japan (Japanese: 日本駐在アメリカ合衆国大使, Hepburn: "Nihon Chūzai Amerika Gasshūkoku Taishi") is the highest ranking official from the United States to Japan.

Rahm Emanuel is the 32nd and current United States ambassador to Japan, in office since March 2022.

List of benzimidazole opioids

Benzimidazole opioids, also known as nitazenes, are a class of synthetic opioids with an unusual benzimidazole structure often called "opioid NPS" (or "opioid New Psychoactive Substances"). 

The best known of these opioids is etonitazene. Benzimidazole opioids bind the mu-opioid receptor and may show potency up to several hundred times that of morphine.

These opioids have been used in research, and also are being used for drug abuse. Isotonitazine has been implicated in opioid overdose deaths in Europe, Canada, and the United States beginning in 2019. 










Full Gear (2019)

Full Gear (2019) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 9, 2019 at Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the first Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Kenny Omega in an unsanctioned lights out match. All Elite Wrestling would be fined $10,000 by the Maryland Athletic Commission because both Moxley and Omega bled during their Lights Out match.

Vitaly Shin

Vitaly Shin (born 21 June 1961) is a Kazakhstani archer. Shin competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Yana Tunyantse

Yana Tunyantse is a Kazakhstani archer. Tunyantse competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

WAGR A class (diesel)

The WAGR A class were a total of 14 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1960 to 1969.

The A class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Syndey, NSW and Commonwealth Engineering (Comeng) of Bassendean, Western Australia under contract being the first diesel locomotives built in said state. Another two were paid for by the Western Mining Corporation (WMC) featuring dynamic brakes. Improved versions of the class became the Aa and Ab classes respectively.

Class leader No. 1501 is preserved at the Bassendean Railway Museum, No. 1502, 1510 and 12 operate in Chile, while No. 1503-04 are in service in Guinea. The extra WMC locos are still working in Australia. At the same time, five of the class have been scrapped with an additional loco being exported to South Africa with its current disposition unknown.

Revolution (2023)

Revolution (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 5, 2023 at Chase Center in San Francisco, California. It was the fourth Revolution event to take place and the first AEW pay-per-view to be held in the state of California.

The main event saw MJF defeated Bryan Danielson in a 60-minute Iron Man match. The match would go into sudden death overtime and MJF would defeat Danielson 4–3 to retain his AEW World Championship. 

Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" gave the Iron man match between MJF and Bryan Danielson 5.75 out of 5 stars. He also gave the Texas Deathmatch 5 stars.

Revolution (2022)

Revolution (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 6, 2022 at Addition Financial Arena in Orlando, Florida. It was the third Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw "Hangman" Adam Page defeat Adam Cole to retain his AEW World Championship. Page would his Cole with Cole's own move, "The Boom". He would then hit a second "Buckshot Lariat" and get the pinfall victory. 

Swerve Strickland and William Regal both made their AEW debuts during the event.

Revolution (2021)

Revolution (2021) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 7, 2021 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The street fight match took place in Atlanta, Georgia. It was the second Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw Kenny Omega defeat Jon Moxley in an Exploding Barbed Wire Deathmatch to retain his AEW World Championship. Omega would hit the "One-Winged Angel" on Moxley onto a steel chair and get the pinfall victory. Afterwards, Omega and The Good Brothers (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson) would end up beating down Moxley. Eddie Kingston would jump into the ring and cover Moxley before the ring exploded. The explosion or lack thereof was mocked and criticized online. Omega was said to be very angry backstage about how the ending happened. 

Ethan Page and Christian Cage both made their AEW debuts during the event.

WAGR Aa class (diesel)

The WAGR Aa class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1967 to 1998.

The Aa class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, NSW as a more powerful version of the standard A class. All of the Aa class were sold to the Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia (FCAB), Chile in 1998. All the Aa class survive at present operating in Chile.

Susana Gutierrez Godoy

Susana Gutierrez Godoy (24 May 1910 in Tepechitlan, Zacatecas, Mexico - 4 January 2024 ) was a Mexican supercentenarian whose age is validated by the Latin American Supercentenarians (LAS). She is currently the oldest known (documented) living person in Mexico.

Susana Gutierrez Godoy was born in Tepechitlan, Zacatecas, Mexico, on 24 May 1910. She was the second of five children. Her mother, Francisca Godoy Ortiz (1885—1916), passed away when she was just six years old, and her father, Juan Gutierrez Correa (1887—1983), lived to the age of 95. In the absence of her parents, her aunt assumed the role of caretaker for Susana and her siblings, essentially becoming a mother figure to them. Susana started working at a very young age. Her father eventually remarried when she was older, but her dedication to supporting her family continued. Throughout her life, she focused on selling food, particularly menudo (a traditional Mexican soup), and preparing dinners in Tepechitlan City. Additionally, Susana had a fondness for mezcal. 

She married for the first time at the age of 21, only to become a widow shortly thereafter. She wed her first husband, Jose Estrada Meza, on 19 April 1932, but he passed away just over a year later on 5 December 1933. Following this, she entered into a second marriage with Pedro Vazquez Parra, on 8 June 1939, when she was 29 years old. She had a daughter who died at the age of three months. After her daughter died, she was not able to have any more children.

One of her brothers passed away at the age of 32 due to a heart attack, while another brother, Agustin, lived to be 92.

According to her relatives, she was remarkably independent. She continued to cook for herself until she was around 100 years old. At one point, she even had her own chickens.

On 21 July 2021, following the death of Jorge Duran Coral, she became the third oldest known living person in Mexico whose age been authenticated by an organization specializing in age verification.
On 19 October 2022, following the death of Angela Diaz Millan, she became the oldest known living person in Mexico whose age has been authenticated by an organization specializing in age verification. 

In 2020 she celebrated her 110th birthday. At the age of 110, she moved to a nursing home in 2020. 

Revolution (2020)

Revolution (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on February 29, 2020 at Wintrust Arena in Chicago, Illinois. It was the first Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Chris Jericho to win the AEW World Championship. Moxley would hit Jericho with his finisher the "Paradigm Shift" and get the pinfall victory to become the new champion. 

Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" said that the tag team championship match was "the greatest tag team match in history" and have the match 6 out of 5 stars. He would also go on to award the match as the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" Pro Wrestling Match of the Year and Best Major Wrestling Show of 2020. The match would also win the Pro Wrestling Illustrated Match of the Year and Voices of Wrestling Match of the Year awards.

WAGR Ab class (diesel)

The WAGR Ab class were a total of 6 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1969 to 2000.

The Ab class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, NSW as an improved version of the Aa class built in 1967 with larger fuel capacity. The Ab class continued in service until 2000 when the last was included in the sale of Westrail to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG)

Several had been withdrawn before this. Two of the Ab class are in South Africa, one in Chile, one has been scrapped, and one is stored at Forrestfield by Aurizon. No. 1535 is preserved by Rail Heritage W.A.

Heinrich Hiltl

Heinrich Hiltl, from 1939 Henri Hiltl (8 October 1910 - 25 November 1982) was an Austrian and French football player and coach. He played for both national football teams.
Heinrich Hiltl came to Brigittenauer AC at the age of 15. In the first year in the 1st class of the Austrian championship in 1926/27, Brigittenauer AC sensationally took second place. Hiltl played one championship game this season. In the following years Hiltl played an important role for the Brigittenauer AC. In 1929 Heinrich Hiltl moved to Wiener AC as a 19-year-old and immediately became an integral part of the team. Hiltl celebrated his first major successes with the WAC. In 1931 he won the Austrian Cup with them .They reached the final of the Mitropa Cup (a forerunner of the Champions League. Hiltl was used in all seven Mitropacup games and was the top scorer in the competition with seven goals. Both final games were lost against First Vienna FC 1894. Hugo Meisl also became aware of the Viennese and called him up to the Austrian national team for the international match against the ČSR on 12 April 1931. Hiltl was in the starting line-up.He was unable to convince in this match.

In 1934 Hiltl left the WAC and Austria and played for the French club Excelsior AC Roubaix. He immediately became an important part of the team and stayed in Roubaix until 1939. With his new club, Heinrich Hiltl finished 9th, 8th, 6th and 13th in the first French division from 1936 to 1939. In 1939, Heinrich Hiltl moved to the Racing Club de Paris and won the French Cup in the 1939/40 season. Hiltl had long since broken off all ties with Austria, which had now become part of the German Empire. After receiving the offer to play in the French national team, he accepted French citizenship in 1939. At RC Paris, Hiltl met two other Frenchmen with Austrian roots, his former club colleague Rudolf Hiden and Gusti Jordan.

Henri, as he now called himself, played his first game in the French national team together with Hiden and Jordan on 28 January 1940 in the Prinzenparkstadion in Paris against Portugal. Hiltl was used in the home game against Belgium on 24 December 1944. Both games were won by France (Portugal 3:2, Belgium 3:1).

After Hiltl won the cup with RC Paris in 1940, he left the club again. The years from 1941 to 1945 represent a gap in Hiltl's biography. It is not known where he spent these years or had to do military service. In 1945 Henri Hiltl signed a contract with CO Roubaix-Tourcoing and played again in the French first division. He helped the club from Roubaix win their first and only French championship title. In 1948, he ended his career as a player.
He switched to coaching ( Tourcoing, Mouscron/Belgium and Merlebach/Lorraine), but he was only moderately successful. He has established a systematic talent development program at SO Merlebach.

Urmston

Urmston is a town in Trafford, Greater Manchester, England. In 2011, 41,825 people lived there.

Mossley

Mossley is a town and civil parish in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England. It is in the upper Tame Valley and the foothills of the Pennines, southeast of Oldham and east of Manchester. In 2011, 10,921 people lived there.

WAGR B class (diesel)

The WAGR B class were a total of 10 diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1962 to 1984.

The B class were designed by Commonwealth Engineering in Queensland while being assembled at Bassendean entering service from 1962 to 1965. The first few locos were used for shunting at Midland and West Perth.

The second group featured slopped cabs in order to operate on Fremantle wharves with low-set cranes. All of the class were withdrawn in 1984. Some have been preserved, such as class leader No. 1601 which is stored at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Casaletto Lodigiano

Casaletto Lodigiano is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Salerano sul Lambro

Salerano sul Lambro is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

San Zenone al Lambro

San Zenone al Lambro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cerro al Lambro

Cerro al Lambro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Vizzolo Predabissi

Vizzolo Predabissi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Carpiano

Carpiano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bascapè

Bascapè is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Carugate

Carugate is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Who Let the Dogs Out

"Who Let the Dogs Out" is a 2000 song by Bahamian band Baha Men. It gained popularity after being used in the movie "" and its soundtrack. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Ireland, number 1 in New Zealand and Australia, number 40 in the United States, number 14 in Canada and number 4 in the Netherlands.

Gustav Tögel

Gustav Franz Tögel (24 October 1907 – 24 January 1981) was an Austrian football player. He won the Mitropacup with Vienna. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
He started with the second division club Gersthofer SV. Then he moved to Floridsdorfer AC. There he mostly played in the right-wing position in a forward line that also included national players Karl Jiszda, Robert Juranic and Josef Molzer. Tögel made a name for himself as a dangerous striker. In the middle of the 1929/30 season he had an offer from First Vienna FC and signed with them. He scored at least one goal in each of the remaining matches until the end of the season. 

In May 1930 he won his first major title. Vienna won versus FK Austria 1-0 in the final of the ÖFB Cup. The following season the team won the first championship title in the club's history. Tögel was an important part of the attacking formation together with Friedrich Gschweidl, Josef Adelbrecht and Anton Brosenbauer.

The title allowed them to take part in the Mitropacup 1931. They reached the final with victories over Bocskai FC Debrecen and AS Roma. There the Döblingers met Wiener AC in the only all-Austrian final in the history of this competition. Tögel contributed a goal to the 3-2 win in the first game. Then they won 2-1 win at Hohe Warte.

1934 Tögel left Vienna and moved to the Swiss professional league. There he played for Young Fellows Zurich. In 1936 they were runner-upin the championship. In the same season they won the cup with a 2-0 win against SServette FC Genève. Tögel's goal to make it 1-0 in the first minute is still the earliest in the history of the finals of the Swiss Cup competition. In 1937 he changed clubs again. He ended his career in the French Division 2 at FC Nancy.
Tögels debut in the national team was on 3 May 1931 in a 0-0 draw against Hungary. This was his only match for Austria because his position was played by Anton Schall. Tögel was only able to play in the Vienna city team.
After 1945 Tögel worked as a player-coach at a number of Lower Austrian clubs (Badener AC, SC St. Andrä-Wördern, SV Fabrik Vöslau and SK Ernstbrunn). When he was coach of the Vienna lower house club ASK Atzgersdorf, he was hired by FC Wien, which was in danger of relegation. He managed to stay in the league. In 1965 he looked after SK Slovan Vienna.

Newspapers published in Nigeria

This is a list of newspapers in Nigeria. The list includes print and online newspapers currently published in Nigeria that have national circulation or that are major local newspapers.
Below are list of Newspapers in Nigeria. As the need for this Wiki, some will still appear on red link till creation.


IJmuiden

IJmuiden is a port city in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is the main town in the municipality of Velsen.

DFDS Seaways serves a route between IJmuiden and Newcastle Upon Tyne.



IJmuiden has an oceanic climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in IJmuiden was on 19 July 2022.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in IJmuiden was on 4 February 2012.

The highest wind gust ever recorded in IJmuiden was on 3 January 2012.

The highest 24-hour precipitation sum in IJmuiden was 96.6 millimeters on 28 July 2014.

Cristina García

Cristina García (), (born 25 March 1987) is a Spanish politician and lawyer specialised in animal law. She is the Vice President of the Animalist Party with the Environment (PACMA) since October 2021.
She graduated with a licentiate degree in Law from the University of Cádiz and earned a master's degree in International Law. She works as a lawyer since 2011 and co-founded her own law firm, which specialised in animal law in 2020.

After her appointment as Vice President of PACMA in 2021, she assumes the position of Manager for the legal action and political action party's areas.

Political activist for animal rights participates in demonstrations against bullfighting, the "legalized mistreatment" of Mijas donkey taxis or the octopus farm planned in Gran Canaria. 
Involved in environmental protection like the Málaga Urban Forest or the defense of “Vega Mestanza”.

Cristina promotes veganism as a lifestyle so she attended as a guest in 
European Vegan Summit 2022 and at Veg Fest 2023.

Pseudophilautus asankai

Asanka's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 810 and 1830 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 21.2 – 23.4 mm long from nose to rear end. There is extra skin on the toes of the front feet and webbed skin on the toes of the back feet. The skin of the frog's back is ash-brown in color. The toes of all four feet, parts of the legs, and the belly are yellow in color. Parts of the frog's middle and back legs have small yellow spots.

This frog lives in small woody plants that live in places where the sunlight reaches partway to the forest floor. Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", it does not swim as a tadpole. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog.

Scientists used to think that this frog and "P. hoffmani" were two different species, but they changed their minds in 2021.

Fyter Fest (2019)

Fyter Fest (2019) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on June 29, 2019 mainly at Ocean Center in Daytona Beach, Florida. It was the first Fyter Fest event to take place. The event was in co-sponsorship with the esports tournament Community Effort Orlando (CEO) and was held alongside it. The event was streamed for free on B/R Live in Canada and the United States.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Joey Janela in an unsanctioned match. While on top of a bunch of thumbtacks, Moxley would hit the "Paradigm Shift" on Janela into them and get the pinfall victory.

Stellenbosch

Stellenbosch is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is about 50 kilometres (31 miles) east of Cape Town. 

Queer Duck

Queer Duck is an American adult animated web series. Queer Duck: The Complete Series on DVD It Released on December 12, 2013 by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment, but Queer Duck was not produced by 20th Century Fox Television but Queer Duck was produced by Icebox.com, and Queer Duck was not distributed by 20th Television.

2023 in the United States

Events from the year 2023 in the United States.

Fyter Fest (2020)

Fyter Fest (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 1 and July 2, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. It was aired on July 1, 2020 and July 8, 2020 since Night 2 was pre-recorded. Both nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite". It was the second Fyter Fest event to take place. The event was originally going to be the United Kingdom debut of AEW and was going to take place at Wembley Arena but it had the be cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Night 1's main event saw Kenny Omega and Adam Page defeat Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent) to successfully retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships. Night 2's main event saw Chris Jericho defeat Orange Cassidy.

The original main event of the show was going to see Brian Cage face Jon Moxley for Moxley's AEW World Championship. However, Moxley's wife Renee Young contracted COVID-19 and the match had to be rescheduled for Fight for the Fallen.

The White Heather

The White Heather is a 1919 American silent drama movie directed by Maurice Tourneur and was based on the 1897 play of the same name by Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamilton. It stars Holmes Herbert, Ben Alexander, Ralph Graves, Mabel Ballin, John Gilbert and Spottiswoode Aitken. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was recovered in 2023.


The Wave (1981 movie)

The Wave is a 1981 American television drama movie directed by Alexander Grasshoff and starring Bruce Davison, John Putch, Lori Lethin, Johnny Doran, Wesley Pfenning and Marc Copage. It won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1982.

Gajalakshmi

Gajalakshmi (Sanskrit: गजलक्ष्मी, "Gajalakṣmī", 'Elephant Lakshmi'), also spelt as Gajalaxmi, is one of the most significant "Ashtalakshmi" aspects of the Hindu goddess of prosperity, Lakshmi.

All the Young Dudes

"All the Young Dudes" is a 1972 song by Mott the Hoople and is the title track to their fifth studio album of the same name. It was written by David Bowie and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in the United States, number 4 in Ireland, number 31 in Canada and number 13 in New Zealand. It went on to be covered by Bowie and Bruce Dickinson.

Shehzana Anwar

Shehzana Anwar (born 21 August 1989 in Nairobi) is a Kenyan archer. Anwar competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Heart (Pet Shop Boys song)

"Heart" is a 1988 song by Pet Shop Boys and is the fourth and final single from their second studio album "Actually". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Germany, Ireland, Finland and Switzerland, number 36 in France, number 6 in South Africa and Norway, number 3 in Austria, number 2 in Spain, number 11 in the Netherlands and number 18 in Australia.





Jennifer Mbuta

Jennifer Mbuta (born 18 October 1968) is a Kenyan archer. Mbuta competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Otto Kaller

Otto Kaller (28 June 1907 – 31 March 1985) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for First Vienna FC . He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Kaller played for the lower-class Erdbergers until 1925 . Then he was signed by Vienna. He was able to win a regular place. There he played alongside with Leopold Hofmann for more than ten years. In the first season with the blue-yellow team they were runner-up In the following years the team mostly finished in the top ranks of the table. In 1929 they won their first title with a victory over Rapid in the ÖFB Cup final. The victory was repeated in 1930 against Austria.

In the 1930/31 season the club won the championship title, which also entitled them to take part in the Mitropacup. Kaller was out for several weeks and did not in the final matches The championship was won again in the 1932/33 season. In 1937 they won the cup again.

When the Vienna defender Karl Rainer ended his career in 1938, Kaller took over his position. During the war years, Vienna was a dominant force in Austrian football. They won three championship titles in a row from 1942 to 1944. In 1942 they also became German runners-up after a 2-0 final defeat against FC Schalke 04. In 1943 they won the German Cup with a 3-2 win against LSV Hamburg.

Kaller was also player for his team in the first post-war championship. He reached another cup final in 1946 He played his last first division game in 1948. Kaller ended his career at Landstraßer AC.

Kaller debuted for the national team on 2 May 1926 against Hungary in a 3-0 win in Budapest. His only appearance during the time of the miracle team was the 1:2 against Czechoslovakia in April 1933. This was his last appearance for Austria for over twelve years. On 20 August 1945 he played his last match against Hungary.

Chris Botti

Christopher Stephen Botti (born October 12, 1962) is an American trumpeter and composer.

Peace on Earth (U2 song)

"Peace on Earth" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the eighth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and the lyrics were inspired by the 1998 Omagh bombing in Northern Ireland. Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, the song took an additional meaning and pays tribute to New York. 

The Auctioneer

"The Auctioneer" is a 1956 song by country singer Leroy Van Dyke and went to number 19 in the United States and number 9 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts. It has been covered by Lynn Anderson and Gordon Lightfoot from his 13th studio album "Dream Street Rose".

Physician Associate

A physician associate is a health-care provider working in the NHS in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland who provide diagnosis and treatment of medical disorders based on the same model of care as doctors and practicing under the direct supervision of a named GMC qualified General Practitioner or GMC Registered Consultant. USA during WorldWarII and the Korean War there was a shortage of medically qualified personal and the US military began training a medical corpmen in more advanced skills. In 1967, the first class of advanced clinicians from Duke University Physician Assistant program on October 6, 1967 graduated. Upon completion of their training they were able to provide medical and some surgical treatments within the auspices of medicine and surgery within the USA military including ordering tests and prescribing medicines on a limited basic under the supervision of a qualified doctor. After a decade or two the role was expanded to civilian practice with PAs practising in medical clinics, surgical centres and civilian hospitals beginning in California and slowly expanding across the USA including USA overseas humanitarian and military establishments. PAs in the USA now mostly practice without the need for supervision from a doctor. Seeing a dire need within the NHS. starting in 2003 the NHS in England took an interest in the role in order to help deal with the lack of qualified doctors and surgeons and add to the nurse practitioner role. In 2003 the first physician assistants began practicing in the NHS: they were USA qualified. Whilst initially called physician assistants like the US, the UK government was advised that calling them thusly in the UK would likely lead to an legal inability to practice. A change to physician associate and placing them under the Royal College of Physicians for legal purposes enabled them to provide medical care under a medical model when supervised by a registered medical practitioner (ie: a doctor or a surgeon). While able to practise medicine to a certain extent whilst under the direct or indirect supervision of a doctor they are not yet able to order diagnostic tests like x-rays or prescribe medications; they do most things a junior doctor or nurse practitioner does such as examinations, taking a history and obtaining bloods and they currently need to obtain signatures for, x-ray, MRI lab tests, performing an arterial blood-gas and giving drugs from their supervising doctor who makes themselves quickly available when needed in order to sign for them. It is expected within the next decade that physician associates will gain the right to order tests, initiate treatments and prescribe any medicines their supervising doctor can prescribe: something some senior nurses and nurse practitioners can do already. The supervision that NHS PA's will likely need will probably be in line like that in the USA where their supervising doctor does not need to be in the same building but can be available via phone or email. The key is that the PA must be able to obtain advise and an opinion within a timely period. This would mean that for most of the day PAs would work without direct one-on-one supervision.

Acceptance by the general public has so far been quick well received with few seeing the difference between PAs and nurse-practitioners or junior doctors. Once the role has been explained they has been very few problems and has indeed been cases where acceptance has been high due to their availability over that of doctors.

There is no agreed upon scope of practice for Physician Associates in the United Kingdom as of 2024, despite them working in the United Kingdom for over a decade.

The British Medical Association published their recommendations for doctors supervising PAs in early 2024 in an effort to formulate a scope of practice aligned to the education received by PAs. The six core principles of this guidance were:
The British Medical Association highlighted a number of activities that they felt PAs should not be undertaking.
There exists some criticism as to the level that Physician Associates work at. PAs train to the same model that doctors train to. Nurses train to a caring and nursing model to assist doctors. After nurses has been graduated for three years they can take a 4 month prescribers course at a university and upon passing it become full independent prescribers of any drug that a doctor can prescribe in the British National Formulary. This means that 3 years and 4 months after graduating nursing school a nurse can legally prescribe any drug for any condition they feel they are fit to treat and they are legally independent and a doctor cannot tell them not to prescribe the drug; even if the drug the nurse is prescribing is wrong. Something that a working PA who has graduated with a 3 or 4 year masters degree and has been trained to write prescriptions from year 1 can not. Whilst there is movement to grant PAs prescribing rights it is seen as moving too slowly and they would still not be independent prescribers unlike nurses. There is some concern that whilst the physician associate profession has been modelled directly from the USA model it is growing much slower than in the US. Although some have stated this might be due to the public not trusting the profession it seems that it is actually the medical and nursing professions who are acting as obstacles and the public have accepted the role as merely part of a modern NHS. In the USA in many states PAs now practice without needed to be supervised by a doctor at all and are coequal with doctors, nurse practitioners and physician assistants as the triad of clinical care paid for by Medicare.

Emil Regnard

Emil Regnard (8 September 1897 - April 1962 ) was an Austrian football player. He played for both major clubs in Vienna (Rapid, Austria). He played also for the Austrian national football team.

He started at Margaretner Viktoria. Then he went to the second division club SC Red Star Wien in 1920. In 1922 he moved to SK Rapid Wien. In his first season he reached the championship title. In the next two years he played regularly in the team before he was forced out of the regular formation by Franz Solil in 1925.

In 1926 he left Rapid and went to Wiener Amateur-SV, which shortly afterwards changed its name to FK Austria. He had a regular place again. In the championship, Austria did not get beyond midfield places in these years. Regnard reached the finals of the ÖFB Cup in 1927 and 1930.

From autumn 1931 he played half a season at SC Nicholson. He ended his career at the second-rate SC Weiße Elf.
On 15 April 1923, Regnard made his national team debut in a 0-0 draw against Italy. Over the next five years he played five more games without securing a permanent starting place. He last match was on 20 March 1927 in a 1-2 defeat against Czechoslovakia.

Diospyros atrata

Diospyros atrata is a species of Diospyros native to India and Sri Lanka. It is vulnerable. Fruits are berries, usually 7 centimeters in diameter, rusty brown in color, and each fruit has about 8 seeds.

List of Diospyros species

Diospyros is a genus of over 700 species of deciduous and evergreen trees and shrubs. Most of them are native to the tropics, with only a few species in the temperate regions. Individual species valued for their hard, heavy, dark timber, are commonly known as ebony trees, while others are valued for their fruit and known as persimmon trees. Some are useful as ornamentals and many are of local ecological importance. Species of this genus are generally dioecious, with separate male and female plants.

Accepted species as of May 2023:


Accepted species as of May 2023:

Accepted species as of May 2023:

Accepted species as of May 2023:























WAGR C class (diesel)

The WAGR C class were a total of 3 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1962 to 1992.

The C class were built by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland in 1962, being originally assigned to passenger trains like the "Australind", "The Kalgoorlie", and "The Westland".

Later on, they could be found hauling suburban traffic around Perth in addition to shunting Avon, Forestfield and Geraldton yards. All three were withdrawn in 1992 after the Perth suburban network became fully electrified. All three survive today under the ownership of the Hotham Valley Railway with No. 1701 displayed at Pinjarra, while No. 1702 is operational along with No. 1703 which is allowed to run on the mainline.

Obi of Issele-Uku

The Obi of Issele-Uku is the traditional ruler and the custodian of the culture of the Issele-Uku people.

Dasikane

Dasikane means Bulgarian Romani people who are Christian.

Finnish Kale

The Finnish Kale are a group of the Romani people who live primarily in Finland and Sweden. Their main languages are Finnish, Swedish and Finnish Romani. "Kalo/Kale" is the collective name for traveler people in Finland, England and Spain. 

Gypsy jazz

Gypsy jazz is a musical idiom. It is inspired by the Romani jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt (1910–1953), in conjunction with the French jazz violinist Stéphane Grappelli (1908–1997), as expressed in their group the Quintette du Hot Club de France. Because its origins are in France, Reinhardt was from the Manouche clan, and the style has remained popular amongst this clan. Gypsy jazz is often called by the French name "jazz manouche", or "manouche jazz" in English language sources.

Django Reinhardt

Jean Reinhardt (23 January 1910 – 16 May 1953), known by his Romani nickname Django was a Romani-French jazz guitarist and composer.

Pseudophilautus viridis

The dull-green shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1555 and 1830 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 26.1–36.5 mm long from nose to rear end. Adult male frogs have small things on their faces, heads, sides, and back that look like horns. This frog can be brown or light green in color, with different patterns: Some have yellow lines on their backs or bellies, and some do not. Some have black marks on their backs or blue on their sides, and some do not. Most of these frogs have white spots on their bellies.

For a time, scientists thought this frog was extinct; they thought all the frogs were dead. But some scientists found a "Pseudophiluatus viridis" frog again in 2023. They looked at its genetic molecule from the part of the cell that makes energy to make sure it was "P. viridis" and not a different frog.

Epiphone

Epiphone is an American instrument company that started with an instrument making company founded in 1873 by Anastasios Stathopoulos in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire. The company moved to New York City in 1908. It was taken over by the owner's son, Epaminondas Stathopoulos. He named the company "Epiphone" by combining with his own name and the suffix "-phone" (which comes from the greek phon-, which means "voice"). It also started making guitars in the same year it was named, in 1928.
In 1957, the company was bought by Gibson, its rival. Gibson changed Epiphone's guitar making factory to Kalamazoo, Michigan.

Run (cards)

In poker you can have a run, straight or sequence. This is a set of playing cards where cards have consecutive rank values. In the cards you may see a ace. The ace could be Low, or High "(Low ace, or High ace). "A Low Ace is when you have a ace and the cards in your hand are a small value. (Ace, 2, 3, 4) the ace would be listed as Low if the ace is matched with (7, 8, 9, 10, Ace) the ace is listed as a High Ace.

Anti-tank guided missile

An anti-tank guided missile (ATGM), anti-tank missile, anti-tank guided weapon (ATGW) or anti-armor guided weapon is a guided missile primarily designed to hit and destroy heavily armored military vehicles.

These missiles are designed to hit and destroy tanks because normal guns and bullets can't easily penetrate their tough armour.

Fyter Fest (2021)

Fyter Fest (2021) was a two-week professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 14 and July 21, 2021. The first week was held at the H-E-B Center at Cedar Park in Cedar Park, Texas and the second week was held at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. Both nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite". It was the third Fyter Fest event to take place. 

Week 1's main event saw Darby Allin defeat Ethan Page in a Coffin match. Week 2's main event saw Lance Archer defeat Jon Moxley by knockout to win the IWGP United States Heavyweight Championship.

Sunny Leone

Karenjit Kaur Vohra also known by her stage name Sunny Leone, is an actress, model and former pornographic actress. She has also participated in the Indian version of Big Brother called "Bigg Boss" (Hindi season 5). Currently she works in Hindi movies.

Sunny was born on May 13, 1981 in Sarnia, Ontario to a Sikh Indian Punjabi family.

Before working in the porn industry, she worked at a German bakery called Jiffy Lube store, and then worked in a tax and retirement firm.She also studying to become a nurse.

In 2003, Sunny signed her first three year contract with the adult movie production company Vivid Entertainment, and served as a transition for the actress to the world of hardcore pogrornaphy, and assured that she would only perform lesbian scenes. 

Her first movie was titled "Sunny," which was released in December 2005. and next movie was also produced by Vivid Entertainment, whose name was the "Virtual Vivid Girl Sunny Leone". This was the first tie in the history of Vivid that a movie was released under the name of an actress. This movie helped to win her first AVN Award.

She then starred in two movies "Sunny in Brazil" and "The Sunny Experiment", which were released in October and December 2007. In that same year Sunny signed Vivid's another contract for six movies. And it was under this contract that she worked with a male actor for the first time. Sunny's fiance Matt Erikson played her co-star in the movie and that movie was titled "Sunny Loves Matt." also that year she did her breast implant.

In January 2008, Sunny announced that she would no longer work with Erikson and had done scenes with other actors such as Tommy Gunn, Charles Dera, James Deen and VooDoo.

In August 2009, She announced the launch of her own studio, "Sunlust Picture." In her new venture, she began writing, directing and creating her own style of adult movies with the help of Vivid Entertainment in the distribution of the movies.

In 2013, Sunny announced that she had retired from porn industry. She said " I am lucky that the audience is accepting me. I have come my way from there (porn industry). I don't have plans as of now to go back there."

Anne Hart

Anne Maud Corbett (née Hart; 26 April 1933 – 5 November 2023) was an English actress, dancer, singer, and comedienne. She was the widow of Ronnie Corbett, a member of the Corbett family.

Hart, as an actress, was often referred to as Britain's answer to both Hollywood's Jane Russell and Broadway's Ethel Merman. 

Anne Maud Hart was born at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London, England on 26 April 1933, as the third of six children to Doris Emily (née Davis), a housewife, and Marvin Hart, a former light heavyweight boxer. She grew up in South London.

Hart was trained at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts in London. She later graduated with her Bachelor of Arts degree.

Hart made her West End debut as a child in the Christmas show "Where The Rainbow Ends". She also performed in child roles in operas at Covent Garden.

Hart made her television debut in 1955, at the age of 22, as a regular on "Saturday Night at the London Palladium" with Tommy Trinder. She made her final television appearance during an episode of "The Many Faces of..." on 1 January 2016.

Hart made her theatre debut as the leading lady in "Clown Jewels" in 1959. She also appeared with the comedy troupe The Crazy Gang in "Young at Hart" in 1962.

Hart made her debut as an actress with the role of a music hall singer during an episode of the 1965 series "Sherlock Holmes". She made her final appearance as an actress portraying Stooge during the 1975 production of "Max Wall: Funny Man".

Hart retired to look after her family.

Hart married the Four Jones Boys singer John H Padley at the Holy Trinity Church in Wallington, Surrey on 15 October 1957. The couple divorced in 1965. Hart later said: "John was a nice guy and he was never unkind to me. He was just never there. He would come back from touring, I would iron his shirts and he would leave again. In the end, he moved out of my house and we separated."

Hart married the comedian and actor Ronnie Corbett, a member of the Corbett family, at Brixton registry office on 30 May 1966. The couple had two daughters, Emma and Sophie. Their first child, Andrew, had a heart defect and died when he was six weeks old, at St Thomas' Hospital, in London. Hart said in 2013: "I don't think either of us ever quite got over it. We still think of him all the time." She had four grandchildren, including Dylan Corbett-Bader. Hart and Corbett first met in the late 1950s, while she was working as a dancer at Winston's, Hanover Square, a club owned by Danny La Rue, and he was an up-and-coming comedian. The couple were married for 49 years until her husband's death on 31 March 2016. Hart later told the Daily Mail: "There has been an empty feeling since Ron has gone ... An emptiness, yes, that's what it is. But I think and hope that I am slowly emerging from the mist."

Hart and Corbett lived in a seven bedroom property named Fairways located in Addington, London from 1970 to 2003. The couple also owned a Scottish home named Muirfield Wood located in Gullane, East Lothian.

Hart was dyslexic.

Hart suffered with double pneumonia between January and February 2012. She was taken into hospital after suffering a health scare on 18 April 2016, the day of her husband's funeral. She was treated for a hip fracture in the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh following a fall at Muirfield Wood in the months leading up to her death.

Hart died at Muirfield Wood during the early hours of 5 November 2023. She was 90. Her death was announced to the public the following day in a statement by her youngest daughter Sophie: "We lost my darling Mum at one o'clock in the morning. She was an amazing woman, and my sister Emma and I, and all four of her grandchildren, Tom, Tilly, Dylan and Billy, will love and miss her for ever. We will be bringing her home to Abingdon, near Croydon, which is where the family lived when my Dad was alive." 

Source: 


Crossodactylus boulengeri

Crossodactylus boulengeri is a frog. It lives in the Serra do Mar mountain range. It lives in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro in Brazil and in parts of Argentina.

For some time, scientists thought this frog was the same frog as "Crossodactylus dispar". In 2014, they found they really are two different species of frog.

Fyter Fest (2022)

Fyter Fest (2022) was a two-week professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 13 and July 20, 2022. The first week was held at the Enmarket Arena in Savannah, Georgia and the second week was held at the Gas South Arena in Duluth, Georgia. Both nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage". It was the fourth Fyter Fest event to take place. 

"Dynamite" (aired live July 13)
"Rampage" (taped July 13, aired July 15)
"Dynamite (aired live July 20)
"Rampage (taped July 20, aired July 22)

Alex Roe

Alexander Michael Roe-Brown is a British actor. He is best known for playing Jay Keaton in the series "The Fugitives", Elliott Baden in "The Cut" and Benjamin Pownall in "Siren". He has also played major roles in a number of films, including "Hot Summer Nights", "Rings"and "Forever My Girl".

Crunchyroll

Crunchyroll is an American subscription-based streaming service, currently owned by Sony since 2021 btlut was owned by AT&T (via Otter Media before)

Fyter Fest (2023)

Fyter Fest (2023) was a three-week professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The show was aired on August 23, 25, and 26, 2023. The first and second week were held at the Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky and the second week was held at the Gas South Arena in Duluth, Georgia. All three weeks were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fifth Fyter Fest event to take place. 

Week 1's main event saw Aussie Open (Mark Davis and Kyle Fletcher) (c) defeat The Hardys (Jeff Hardy and Matt Hardy) to retain their ROH World Tag Team Championships. Week 2's main event saw The Outcasts (Toni Storm and Saraya) (with Ruby Soho) defeat Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. and Hikaru Shida. Week 3's main event saw Darby Allin, Sting, Hook, and CM Punk defeat Mogul Embassy (Brian Cage and Swerve Strickland), Jay White, and Luchasaurus.

"Dynamite" (aired live August 23)
"Rampage (taped August 19, aired August 25)
"Collision" (taped August 23, aired August 26)

Fight for the Fallen (2019)

Fight for the Fallen (2019) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 13, 2019 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. It was the first Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the show was for charity. The money raised was used to help victims of gun violence through the Jacksonville Victim Assistance Advisory Council. The event was also sponsored by Farah & Farah, a Jacksonville personal injury law firm.

The main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat The Brotherhood (Cody and Dustin Rhodes). Matt and Nick would hit the "Meltzer Driver" on Cody before getting the pinfall victory.

Abigail Williams

Abigail Williams ( 1680 or 1681disappeared 3 June 1692) was a girl who, along with her supposed relative Betty Paris, was one of the first people to falsely accuse her neighbors of performing witchcraft. The accusations eventually led to the foundation of the Salem witch trials. 
Abigail Williams was born 1680 or 1681. Her precise birth date and place is rather disputed. The names and identities of both of her biological parents are also rather disputed. It has been suggested she may have been a orphan, as she was adopted and lived with Samuel Parris and his daughter Betty Parris. Samuel and his daughter Betty might be Abigail's relatives, and it has been suggested that they might have been her uncle and cousin. She lived with Samuel and his daughter Betty in Salem Town, Massachusetts Bay Colony (in modern-day Salem, Massachusetts). Some modern-day scholars suggest she may have been Samuel's household servant. 
It is said that beginning in December 1691 or January 1692, Abigail Williams and her supposed relative Betty Paris began exhibiting signs of odd behavior. They ran around rooms with their hands high up, they tried to climb the roof of their house through the chimney, they screamed semmingly incontrollably, and began talking in strange voices. This is said to have continued for the next month or so. Eventually, Samuel Parris brought a physician to his house. The physician had Abigail and Betty examined and at first he believed they were psychologically ill. 
When he failed to diagnose them with a psychological disorder, which contained symptoms what Abigail and Betty had exhibited, he then believed they were bewitched and that witchcraft was performed on them. The town tried to the find the people who bewitched Abigail and Betty. They arrested the other people who lived in Samuel Parris' home: Sarah Good, Sarah Osbone, and Samuel Parris' slave Tituba.

It was around this time that Abigail and Betty began going to court and lying to the judge that their neighbors were performing witchcraft. Abigail had testified seven times in court, regarding the witchcraft. Abigail continued to appear in court and accuse more people of performing witchcraft. The majority of Abigail's appearances in court took place between March and May 1692. She continued to appear in court and make accusations until 3 June 1692. 
Abigail Williams made her final appearance in court and spoke to the judge for the final time on 3 June 1692. The final appearance in court is the final historical record regarding Abigail Williams.
After the last record regarding Abigail's final court appearance, Abigail absolutely disappeared from historical record after 3 June 1692. Scholars still wonder why after 3 June 1692, Abigail made no more appearances in court or spoke to any judges in court, and why the 3 June 1692 appearance in court was her final appearance in court, when the accusations of people performing witchcraft and the Salem witch trials in Abigail's town continued until the next year. Because of absolutely disappearing from historical record when she was probably between the ages of 10 and 12, some modern-day scholars suggest Abigail died before she became a adult. 
Whatsoever, Betty Paris does not disappear from historical record unlike her supposed relative Abigail, and Betty is known through historical records to have lived to adulthood, have a husband and children, and that she died at the age of 77 in 1760.
Winchester (disambiguation)

Winchester is a historic city in southern England.

Winchester may also refer to:









South Africa national rugby union team

The South Africa national rugby union team (), officially nicknamed the Springboks, represents South Africa in international rugby union. They are South Africa's most successful national sports teams, and are considered the second best rugby union team of all time overall (after New Zealand). They are also currently ranked first on the World Rugby Rankings.

South Africa has won the Rugby World Cup four times (in 1995, 2007, 2019 and 2023), which is more times than any other country. Even though South Africa has always been an important country for rugby union and rugby union is very popular in the country, South Africa was not allowed to compete in the first two World Cups (in 1987 and 1991) because of Apartheid.

South Africa national Australian rules football team

The South African national Australian rules football team (; nicknamed the Lions) represents South Africa in international Australian rules football.

South Africa is the only African country that currently competes in international Australian rules football. Although South Africa has never won the Australian Football International Cup, they are one of the better teams in the tournament, and they have competed in all six International Cups to date. Their best performance at the International Cup is when they finished third in 2008.


Fight for the Fallen (2020)

Fight for the Fallen (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 15, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired for free as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the show was for charity. The money raised was used to help relief efforts for COVID-19. The money raised would be added onto the already $1 million that was donated by AEW owners Tony Khan and his father Shahid. AEW also released a limited-edition shirt for the event for fans at home to buy through their ShopAEW.com website. 100% of the profit went to Florida's First Coast Relief Fund and Feeding Northeast Florida.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Brian Cage to retain his AEW World Championship. Moxley would win the match after Cage's manager Taz would throw in the towel and end the match.

The match was originally supposed to take place on the Night 2 of Fyter Fest. It was rescheduled for Fight for the Fallen because Moxley's wife Renee Young had contracted COVID-19 and he was forced to quarantine.

International rules football

International rules football () is a team sport that is a hybrid of two football codes: Australian rules football and Gaelic football. It was created for the International Rules Series, where Australia and Ireland play each other.


International Rules Series

The International Rules Series (IRS) is a men's international rules football series played between two teams: an Australian team (selected by the Australian Football League) and an Irish team (selected by the Gaelic Athletic Association).

The first series was played in 1984 and the most recent was held in 2017. The series was meant to return in 2020, but it was cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Australia and Ireland have both won the series 10 times each, with Australia being the most recent champions.

"Series results, up to and including the 2017 series."

The trophy given to the series' winner is called the Cormac McAnnallen Cup, named after former Tyrone GAA captain Cormac McAnnallen, who died from a heart condition at 24 years old after he represented Ireland for three series in a row. The trophy was named in his honour in 2004, the year he died.

Australia national international rules football team

The Australia national international rules football team represents Australia in the International Rules Series. The players are Australian rules footballers who have been selected by the Australian Football League (AFL) to represent Australia. Australia has won the series 10 times, equal to Ireland.

Australia women's national international rules football team

The Australia women's international rules football team represented Australia in the 2006 Ladies' International Rules Series, which was the first and currently only women's edition of the International Rules Series.

Walk On (U2 song)

"Walk On" is a 2001 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fourth track and single from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia, number 1 in Portugal and Canada, number 7 in Ireland and number 8 in the Netherlands. It won a Grammy Award in 2002 and the song's lyrics deal with Burma and following the September 11, 2001 attacks, the band dedicated the song in the memory of the Twin Towers.

Ireland national international rules football team

The Ireland international rules football team represents Ireland in the International Rules Series. The players are Gaelic footballers who have been selected by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) to represent Ireland. Ireland has won the series 10 times, equal to Australia.

Ireland women's national international rules football team

The Ireland women's international rules football team represented Ireland in the 2006 Ladies' International Rules Series, which was the first and currently the only women's edition of the International Rules Series.

Yellowstone (American TV series)

Yellowstone is an American television series made by Taylor Sheridan and John Linson. It started on June 20, 2018. It is on Paramount Network. The actors are Kevin Costner, Luke Grimes, Kelly Reilly, Wes Bentley, Cole Hauser, Kelsey Asbille, and Gil Birmingham. It is about issues in the border of Yellowstone Ranch, a large cow farm. In May 2023, it was said that the fifth season will be the last season. A series set in the future will be made, called "2024".

The show is about the Dutton family. They have the largest ranch in Montana, called the Yellowstone Dutton Ranch. It is also sometimes called "the Yellowstone". The show is about the family drama at the ranch.

XXX (Kendrick Lamar song)

"XXX" is a 2017 song by Kendrick Lamar featuring U2. It is the eleventh track from his fourth studio album "Damn" and went to number 50 in the United Kingdom, number 33 in the United States, number 22 in Ireland, number 36 in Canada, number 82 in Sweden, number 30 in Portugal and number 31 in New Zealand.

Dominic John Rebelo

Dominic John Rebelo (born August 14, 1978) is an archer from Kenya. John Rebelo competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.

Phoutlamphay Thiamphasone

Phoutlamphay Thiamphasone (born September 9, 1979) is an archer from Laos. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Colorpoint Shorthair

The Colorpoint Shorthair is a breed of cat. It is orginated from America.

Colorpoint Shorthair is a Siamese-like cat. It is a medium-sized cat with an elegant, long, slender body. They can weigh up to about 9 pounds (4 kg), which is 3 pounds (1.3 kg) lighter than the average weight of other cat breeds. It also has almond-shaped eyes, slender legs, and a tapered tail.

Colorpoint Shorthair cats do not bore their owners. They are intelligent, playful, happy to go out, and often demanding of their owners. They are sensitive to moods. If someone sheds a tear, then they tries to make that person feel comfortable.


Johann Tandler

Johann Tandler (10 September 1901- after 1957) was an Austrian football player. The defender played mainly for Wiener Amateur SV (since 1926 FK Austria Wien). He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Hans Tandler started playing with Vienna Cricket and Football-Club in the second class In 1923 he moved to Wiener Amateur SV. The first four years were extremely successful for the defender. He was Austrian champion twice (1923/24 and 1925/26 ) and also won the Austrian Cup three times in a row. 

Like several players Tandler left the club at the end of 1926 . Together with club colleague Viktor Hierländer, he went to the New York Giants in the United States. From 1928 he played again for the Amateure, who were now called FK Austria. 1931 he did coaching in Riga. Then he went to to Switzerland to Lausanne-Sports and then to France to OGC Nice. Then he worked as a coach there. The Viennese later went to Turkey, where he became head coach of Galatasaray SK and led the team to the championship in 1939 .
Tandler debuted on 13 January 1924 in a 3-4 loss versus Germany. His last match was on 21 September 1930 in a 2-3 loss versus Hungary. He played 18 matches and scored 3 goals.
as player
as manager

Boneworks

Boneworks (written as BONEWORKS) is a 2019 first-person shooter VR game. It was made by Stress Level Zero. They also published the game. The game was made to be entirely physics-based. The player controls a virtual body that does what the player tells it to do and reacts to things it moves into in the game world.

In "Boneworks," players take on the role of Arthur Ford. He is a cybersecurity director who escapes into an unfinished simulated universe. He must fight through surreal architecture and mysterious scenes using experimental physics-based weaponry.

Drew Seltzer

Drew Seltzer (born June 16, 1981) is an American actor and producer. Seltzer is better known for his roles in " (2019)", " (2009)", and " (2020)".

In 1981, Drew Seltzer was born in Media, Pennsylvania. From Rutgers University, he obtained a BFA degree in theater. He also received Improv Training at The Second City and was classically trained Shakespeare at Shakespeare's Globe (London, England).

After completing a BFA degree from Rutgers, Seltzer made his NYC stage debut in The Franklin Thesis, directed by Alex Timbers at The New Ohio. In 2009, he appeared in a small role in his debut film with George Clooney " (2009)" as a Technician.

In 2013, he produced and starred in the award-winning indie feature "Leaving Circadia".

Recently, he appeared as Autumn's creepy and controlling boss, in the Barry Jenkins-produced film "". The film went on to win the Jury Prize at Sundance, and the Silver Bear at Berlinale and has also received 7 Independent Spirit Award nominations.


SV Donau Wien

The Sportvereinigung Donau (SV Donau or SV Donau Wien for short) is an Austrian football club from the 22nd district Donaustadt in Vienna. The club played in the first division in the 1933/34 season. The sports club currently plays in the Wiener Stadtliga, the fourth highest division in Austria. The club colors are blue and black.
The club was founded in 1910. They merged with Olympia, Lagerhaus and KAC before the First World War. In 1933, they were promoted to the top Austrian league for the first time. In 1941 there was a merger with FC Franz-Josef-Land (today KSC Donaustadt) from the 3rd class. The merger club played in the 2nd class until 1944. Afterwards, promotion to the 1st class (2nd level) was achieved. In 1947 the merger was dissolved. After relegation, the team was unable to recover for a long time before being promoted back to the Vienna League in 1955 under President Karl Eipeldauer.

In 2005 they reached their promotion to the Regionalliga East. They were relegated back to the Vienna City League as bottom of the table. After two years in the city league, they were relegated to the Vienna Oberliga B in 2008/09. SV Donau returned to the Vienna City League after two years through the merger with SV Süssenbrunn. In the 2015/16 season the fighting team reached second place in the table. This was enough for promotion, so SV Donau has been competing in the Vienna City League since the 2017/18 season. In the 2021/22 season promotion to the Regionalliga East was narrowly missed.
SV Donau Homepage

Animals (Martin Garrix song)

"Animals" is a 2013 song by Martin Garrix and was taken from his EP "Gold Skies". It was released as a digital download and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Belgium, number 21 in the United States, number 40 in Canada, number 14 in Italy, number 29 in Slovakia and Australia, number 10 in New Zealand, number 5 in Hungary, Austria and Romania and number 12 in Norway and Denmark.

WAGR D class (diesel)

The WAGR D class were a total of 12 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1971 to 2000.

When introduced the D class were the heaviest narrow gauge diesels in Australia, they were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales from 1971 to 1972. The D class were put into service on bauxite traffic between Jarrahdale and Kwinana, they were so successful that 7 more were ordered which were classed Da.

13 more followed in 1982 as the Db class. Up until the introduction of the S class in 1998, most could be found running on the South Western mainline. In 1998 No. 1563 became the first of the class to be withdrawn and was shipped to Chile under the number 2000.

Two D class survived with Westrail until 2000 when they were included in the sale of the goods sector to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG). Class leader No. 1561 was scrapped in 2011 by Aurizon, but the rest of the class remain operational.

List of Luxembourg Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Luxembourgian Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Luxembourg after debuting against Turkey in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 15 October 2023."

WAGR Da class (diesel)

The WAGR Da class were a total of 7 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1972 to 2000.

The Da class were ordered as an improved version of the standard D class and was built by the same manufacturer that being Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales. The Da were usually found on wheat trains over the Midland Railway, being based at Forestfield and Narngulu. In 2000 all Da's passed into the ownership of the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) after Westrail's sale. All but two were exported to South Africa.

WAGR Db class (diesel)

The WAGR Db class were a total of 13 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1982 to 2000.

The Db class were built by Clyde Engineering of Rosewater, Adelaide, South Australia from 1982 to 1983 for Westrail. The Db was a much-improved version of the D and Da classes with a radically different cab design, completely new to Australian practice for diesel-electrics.

Originally the Db class worked on the South Western mainline hauling bauxite trains and were named after Southern local government areas (LGAs). They also hauled woodchip trains from Bunbury to Lambert along with heavy wheat traffic to Albany if needed.

Upon Westrail's sale to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) in 2000 all were included. 7 current Db units are stored, having been withdrawn, 3 are in service with the CBH Group and 3 operate under Aurizon, all still working on Great Southern lines.

Sophie Corbett

Sophie Corbett (born 26 April 1968) is an English actress, radio host, voiceover artist, DJ, and businesswoman. She is best known as the younger daughter of Ronnie Corbett and Anne Hart. 

Corbett is one of Britain's top voiceover performers.

Sophie Corbett was born at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London, England on 26 April 1968, as the youngest of three children to Ronnie Corbett, a Scottish comedian and actor, and Anne Hart, an English actress and singer. Her older brother, Andrew, had a heart defect and died when he was six weeks old. Corbett's older sister is Emma. She is a member of the Corbett family.

Corbett made her debut on stage. She has worked as a radio and television host. She has worked as a voice-over artist on numerous advertisements, working with brands including L'Oréal, Ford and Carte D'Or. Corbett currently DJs for the BBC. 

Corbett co-founded Four Candles, a boutique located on Victoria Street in Brighton with her friend and business partner Siobhan Stagg. The store was opened on 29 June 2014. She also founded marvinandmaud.com , a bohemian clothing range, named in honour of her maternal grandfather's first name and her mother's middle name.

Corbett has been married to Gordon Grahame, a singer-songwriter, since 1990. The couple have a son, Billy (born March 2005), who is a ballet dancer. She has an older son, Dylan Corbett-Bader, who is also an actor, from a prior relationship with Mark Bader, a photographer.

Corbett and her family currently resides on Connaught Terrace in Hove, East Sussex.

Source: 

Nikolay Oleynikov

Nikolay Oleynikov (d. 1937) was a Russian poet.



Kaptain Kush

Lawrence Godwin Kingsley (born August 23, 2003), known professionally as Kaptain is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, and rapper. He rose to fame with the release of ""Kush Song"" in 2019.

He was born and brought up in Somolu, while growing up as a kid, he stated he had love for music especially rap music. He was inspired by artsits like Wizkid, Lil Baby, Lil Durk, Lil Wayne, Lil Peep and Davido.

He started making music in high school, composing and singing songs whenever he was free. He continued until he gained admission into higher institution. However, music was not the only thing he was doing. Along the way, he picked up blogging. He worked as a freelance writer for some brands helping them create content to promote their products or services.


Fight for the Fallen (2021)

Fight for the Fallen (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 28, 2021 at Bojangles Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. The event aired for free as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the third Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the show was for charity. The money raised was used to help victims of domestic violence and sexual assault survivors through Safe Alliance. The money raised would be added onto an already $100,000 donation by AEW. AEW also released a limited-edition shirt for the event for fans to buy through their ShopAEW.com website. The money would also go to Safe Alliance.

The main event saw Chris Jericho defeat Nick Gage in a No Rules match.

The main event caused some controversy. During a spot where Nick Gage was slicing Jericho's forehead with a pizza cutter, it went to a picture-in-picture commercial break and a Domino's Pizza advertisement played at the same time. Domino's were not happy with this and threatened to pull their advertisements from the show. During an interview, Gage said "I didn't even know about Domino's until it was over and someone told me... I started laughing. What a coincidence."

Fight for the Fallen (2022)

Fight for the Fallen (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 27, 2022 at DCU Center in Worcester, Massachusetts. The event aired for free as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the fourth Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the shows were for charity. The events took place during Shark Week and the money raised was used to help Oceana, a non-profit marine wildlife organization. The money was added to an already $100,000 donation by AEW.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Daniel Garcia defeated Bryan Danielson and the main event of "Rampage" saw Anna Jay defeated Ruby Soho. 

"Dynamite (aired live July 27)
"Rampage (taped July 27, aired July 29)

Fight for the Fallen (2023)

Fight for the Fallen (2022) was a three-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The show was aired on August 16, 18, and 19, 2023. The first and second nights were held at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee and the third night was held at the Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky. All three nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fifth Fight for the Fallen event to take place. 

Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the shows were for charity. The money raised was used to help relief for the 2023 Hawaii wildfires and was donated to the Maui Food Bank.

Night 1's main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat The Gunns (Austin Gunn and Colten Gunn). Night 2's main event saw Hikaru Shida and Skye Blue defeat The Outcasts (Ruby Soho and Toni Storm). Night 3's main event saw Darby Allin defeat Christian Cage.

"Dynamite" (aired live August 23)
"Rampage (taped August 16, aired August 18)
"Collision" (taped August 19)

Beach Break (2021)

Beach Break (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on February 3, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Beach Break event to take place. The event would replace AEW's former Bash at the Beach event.

The main event saw Kenny Omega and The Good Brothers (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson) defeat Jon Moxley and Death Triangle (Pac and Rey Fénix) in a Six-man tag team match.

KENTA of New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) would make his debut in AEW after the main event. He would enter the ring and hit Moxley with the "Go 2 Sleep".

Beach Break (2022)

Beach Break (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on January 26, 2022 at the Wolstein Center in Cleveland, Ohio. The event aired as a special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second and last Beach Break event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Orange Cassidy defeated Adam Cole in an Unsanctioned Lights Out match. The main event of "Rampage" saw Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus defeat Private Party (Isiah Kassidy and Marq Quen) to retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships.

Danhausen would make his AEW debut during the Lights Out match after Adam Cole pulled out a table from under the ring with Danhausen on it.

Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" awarded the Cody Rhodes and Sammy Guevara ladder match 5 out of 5 stars.

"Dynamite" - Beach Break (January 26)
"Rampage" - Beach Break Championship Friday (January 28)

Geely Auto

Geely Auto is the primary car marque of Chinese group Geely. Listed as Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd. on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and controlled through holdings in Zhejiang Geely Holding Group, Geely Auto is ZGH's mainstream brand primarily sold in China and select overseas markets.

Many of Geely's early products were based on the Xiali, a variant of the 1987 Daihatsu Charade. Models such as the Haoqing (豪情) (five-door), Merrie (美日) (five-door), Uliou (优利欧) (four-door), and Urban Nanny (van and pick-up truck) have Charade bases, but feature a more prominent chromed grille.

Geely Auto is the group's original brand. Geely Auto products are divided into three eras from 1.0 era (1997-2007), 2.0 era (2007-2014), 3.0 era (2014–present). Before the current 3.0 era, Geely Auto products were also sold under different brands, including Emgrand, Englon, Gleagle, and Shanghai Maple. After entering the 3.0 era, all other brands were discontinued and their products consolidated under the Geely Auto brand.

Geely cars are manufactured using a modular architecture platform, denoted by the acronyms CMA, BMA, NL, FE, and KC.



Geely Galaxy is Geely's upscale range of 'new energy vehicles' (hybrids and EVs) for the executive market. Even though Yinhe translates as milky way, the global brand is being referred to as Galaxy by the company, with pure electric models to be launched under the Galaxy E brand. Six days after showing their Galaxy Light concept, Geely received notice from Changan Automobile that the design was too similar to one of their own cars.


Geely Geometry is an electric-only range of Geely-based cars. 10 models are planned by 2025.

The Geometry brand was reconsolidated into Geely Auto as an entry-level electric product series in March 2023.



Pseudophilautus abundus

The Labungama shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 78 and 150 meters above sea level.

Corbett

Corbett may refer to a member of the Scottish-English notable family:


Qalqilya

Qalqilya is a Palestinian city in the West Bank. About 50,000 people live in Qalqilya, as of 2017.

Rafah

Rafah is a Palestinian city in the Gaza Strip. It is on the border with Egypt. In 2017, about 170,000 people lived in Rafah.

Khan Yunis

Khan Yunis is a Palestinian city in the Gaza Strip. In 2017, about 205,000 people lived there.

WAGR H class (diesel)

The WAGR H class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1964 to 1996.

The H class were built by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland from 1964 to 1965 for local goods trains, and also ran construction trains for the regauging of the WAGR system.

They spent the rest of their WAGR careers shunting at Forrestfield yard, No. 4 was scrapped in 1992, with the rest withdrawn in 1996. All were purchased by SCT Logistics with one stored in Melbourne, Victoria and the rest remaining held at Forrestfield.

Crossbreed

Crossbreeding vegetables is a agricultural practice aimed at developing new plant varieties with improved characteristics, including higher yields, disease resistance, enhanced taste, and nutritional content. This process involves the controlled pollination of different vegetable varieties within the same species, resulting in offspring that inherit desirable traits from each parent. Crossbreeding plays a role in modern agriculture and helps to addressing global food security challenges.

And She Was

"And She Was" is a 1985 song by new wave band Talking Heads. It is the third single from their sixth studio album "Little Creatures". It went to number 54 in the United States, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Australia, number 9 in Ireland, number 31 in the Netherlands and number 16 in New Zealand.

Landstraßer AC

Landstraßer AC ( LAC for short) is an Austrian football club from the 3rd district of Vienna, Landstraße. The former second division team currently plays in the 2nd regional league of the Vienna Football Association. This is the 5th level in Austrian football.
The Landstraßer AC was founded under the name “Athletik Club Training” by Anton Sandner in 1911. In 1918 the club renamed itself to "Landstraßer Amateure". The club experienced its most successful time in the 1930s with later stars like Camillo Jerusalem in the team. In 1933 the club played in the professional second division for the first time and therefore decided to change the name Landstraßer Amateure to Landstraßer AC in 1936. 
After four seasons in the second division they were relegated to the third division. They were immediately promoted again in the following season. During the Second World War there was also a forced merger with the Demon and later a merger with the Delka (2nd league 1937-38) and FC Pfeil. At this time, the Landstraßer AC also had sections for gymnastics, athletics, bowling and boxing. The footballers were able to stay in the second league.

In the first post-war season, Landstraßer AC immediately achieved its best result in the club's history. They finished third in the second division behind SC Hochstädt and Hakoah Wien. In 1948 the football club came third again, again only two points behind SCR Hochstädt and one point behind 1. Schwechater SC. 1949 there was a surprising relegation from the second division, to which Landstraßer AC could no longer return. 

Today, after a merger with IC Favoriten in 2010, the club finds itself in the fourth-tier Vienna City League under the name Landstrasser AC-IC. After the 2012/13 season they merged with SG Inter AGO and the club has since played as LAC-Inter in the Vienna Oberliga B. In the 2014/2015 season, the 2nd regional league was inserted between the Vienna City League and the Oberliga. LAC qualified thanks to its good placement .

Blood &amp; Guts (2021)

Blood & Guts (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 5, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Blood & Guts event to take place. The event was originally going to be held at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey on March 25, 2020, but was pushed back a year because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The main event saw The Pinnacle (MJF, Wardlow, Shawn Spears, Cash Wheeler and Dax Harwood) defeat The Inner Circle (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Santana and Ortiz) in a Blood and Guts match. The match was ended after Jericho got thrown off the top of the cell and Guevara decided to surrender the match.

While the main event was praised, the ending with Jericho being thrown off onto an obvious crash pad disguised as a steel platform was criticized.

Johannes Gumpp

Johannes Gumpp ( – ) was a Austrian painter.
 

 

Blood &amp; Guts (2022)

Blood & Guts (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on June 29, 2022 at the Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" "Rampage" respectively. It was the second Blood & Guts event to take place. 

The "Dynamite" main event saw Eddie Kingston, Santana, Ortiz, and Blackpool Combat Club (Jon Moxley, Claudio Castagnoli, and Wheeler Yuta) defeat The Jericho Appreciation Society (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Daniel Garcia, Matt Menard and Angelo Parker) in a Blood and Guts match. The match was won when Castagnoli put Menard in the Sharpshooter and made him tap out. At the same time, Kingston had Jericho in the Buffalo Stretch.

"Dynamite (aired June 29)
"Rampage (aired July 1)

Ali El Ghrari

Ali El Ghrari (born 31 January 1997) is a Libyan archer. El Ghrari competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Marcel Balthasar

Marcel Balthasar (born 4 June 1939) is a Luxembourgian archer. Balthasar competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Blood &amp; Guts (2023)

Blood & Guts (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 19, 2023 at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the third Blood & Guts event to take place. 

The "Dynamite" main event saw The Golden Elite (Kenny Omega, "Hangman" Adam Page, Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and Kota Ibushi) defeat the Blackpool Combat Club (Jon Moxley, Claudio Castagnoli, and Wheeler Yuta), Konosuke Takeshita, and Pac in a Blood and Guts match. The match was won when Page and Matt Jackson win choked Wheeler out with a chain. On commentary, they said that Moxley had surrendered the match to try and save Wheeler from even more damage. The "Rampage" main event saw Kris Statlander defeat Marina Shafir to retain her AEW TBS Championship.

"Dynamite (aired live July 19)
"Rampage (aired on tape delay July 21)

Brodie Lee Celebration of Life

The Brodie Lee Celebration of Life was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 30, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". The event was a memorial event for American professional wrestler and AEW wrestler Brodie Lee who had died from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis four days before the show.

The event started with AEW commentator Jim Ross saying "It's Wednesday and you know what that means", which was one of Lee's catchphrases. The AEW roster and Lee's family then stood on the stage in silence as the ring bell was tolled 10 times as is tradition when a wrestler dies.

Throughout the show, many different wrestlers and other people in AEW spoke to a camera and shared different stories and memories of their time with Lee. There were different tributes on the show such as wrestlers wearing RIP Brodie Lee armbands, using his moves and wearing similar outfits to what he wore throughout his career. During the Page, Reynolds and John Silver match, Silver was going to be attacked by Wardlow but was saved by a debuting Erick Redbeard, who was Brodie Lee (then-Luke Harper)'s former tag team partner in WWE.

At the end of the show, Lee's wrestling boots and a bandana was left in the middle of the ring by his widow Amanda Huber and son Brodie. AEW President and CEO Tony Khan retired the red championship out of tribute. He would award Lee's son Brodie the championship and name him "TNT Champion for life".

AEW Grand Slam (2021)

Grand Slam (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 22, 2021 at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens, New York. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the first Grand Slam event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. defeat Ruby Soho to retain her AEW Women's World Championship. The main event for "Rampage" saw Jon Moxley and Eddie Kingston defeat Suzuki-gun (Minoru Suzuki and Lance Archer) in a Lights Out match. Homicide would show up during the match to help Moxley and Kingston.

The event earned praise from people. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" awarded the match between Omega and Bryan 5 out of 5 stars.

"Dynamite (September 22) (Part 1)
"Rampage (September 22) (Part 1)

Roque Máspoli

Roque Gastón Máspoli Arbelvide (12 October 1917 in Montevideo – 22 February 2004 in Montevideo) was a Uruguayan football player and coach. He was the goalkeeper for the Uruguay national team that won the 1950 World Cup. He was also the head coach for the Uruguayan team that won the 1980 Mundialito. Considered among the best goalkeepers in the history of Uruguayan football, of which he is considered a legend, and regarded to be one of the best goalkeepers in the world, having linked his name to the historic victory in the 1950 FIFA World Cup, his peformances saw him being named as the best goalkeeper during that tournament, His agility and reflexes were remarkable for a man of his height and build. As a goalkeeper, he had a great physical build, with a mass of approximately ninety kilos for his 1.89 meters of height, which did not prevent him from having good flexibility and a sense of anticipation, although he had strength in the air - which he compensated with the use of his hand on the opposing headers to hinder them. "The referees never punished that," he admitted. In 2000, he took 30th place in the list of the best football goalkeepers of the 20th century, compiled by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics. He was ranked sixth among all goalkeepers of the 20th century in South America.

Goalkeeper Máspoli, a descendant of immigrants from Caslano, (Switzerland), began his career in 1933 with Nacional Montevideo. In 1939 he moved to Liverpool Montevideo. He was a member of the club's team the following year, and on 24 November 1940 he was involved in Liverpool's highest victory in professional football in a 9–0 victory over Bella Vista. In that year, he joined Club Atlético Peñarol and remained there until the end of his career in 1955. During his time with the Aurinegros, his club won the Uruguayan championship in 1944, 1945, 1949, 1951, 1953 and 1954, a total of six times. Going on to become one of the finest goalkeepers to ever come from South America.

In 1945, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Uruguayan national team. In the same year, he became a participant in the South American Championship in Chile.

Since then, he has become one of the main goalkeepers of the Uruguayan national team. At the 1950 World Cup in Brazil, the Uruguayans won the second world title in their history, and Maspoli was named the best goalkeeper of the tournament. Especially significant was his contribution to the victory in the decisive match of the tournament against the hosts. The Brazilians, who were considered the clear favorites of the championship, and in the previous two matches at the final stage of the competition, scored at least six goals, only once managed to break through Maspoli, which allowed his team to win 2:1.

Four years later, he was the main goalkeeper of the Uruguayans at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, where the reigning title holders dropped out of the fight at the semifinals, and later lost in the game for third place.

In total, during his career in the national team, which lasted 10 years, he played 40 matches in its uniform, conceding 62 goals.

After his playing career ended, he became a coach. On 15 July 1956, he was in charge of the Uruguay national team for the first time as coach in a 2–2 friendly draw against Paraguay's national team. By October of that year at the latest, however, Lorenzo Fernández had already taken over as national coach. Also in 1956, he coached the Danubio FC team. In the 1960s, he enjoyed his greatest success with his club, Club Atlético Peñarol. He coached the Aurinegros a total of six times. At the beginning of the 1964 season, he took over as head coach for the first time together with assistant coach Alberto Langlade. According to other sources, however, he is said to have been responsible as early as the 1963 season. In 1968, he moved to Spain as coach during the current season, where he was in charge of Elche FC, and was replaced by Rafael Milans at Peñarol. From 1970 to 1971, from 1976 to 1977, from 1984 to 1986, from 1988 to 1992 he was again in charge of the Montevideo team. He was considered as one of the most successful managers of all time.

He was a six-time champion in Uruguay and won the Copa Libertadores in 1966 and then the Intercontinental Cup against Real Madrid with two commanding 2-0 victories in the two finals in Montevideo and Madrid.

In later years, he also worked as a coach in Peru and Ecuador. In the 1980s, he also briefly coached the Uruguayan national team. In 1980–81 he won the Mundialito with Uruguay.

In March 2003 he was awarded the Fair Play Award for Sporting Life by the Uruguayan Ministry of Sports.

Roque Máspoli was hospitalized on 10 February 2004 with heart trouble. He died twelve days later at the age of 86. His remains are buried at Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.

Nacional

Peñarol

Uruguay


Peñarol

Defensor Lima

Barcelona SC

Uruguay


Canton (flag)

In vexillology, the canton is a rectangular emblem at the top left of a flag. The canton can also be a flag itself. For example, Australia has the Union Jack as their canton.

Dylan Corbett-Bader

Dylan Corbett-Bader (born 22 July 1997) is an English actor. He is a member of the Corbett family, as the son of Sophie.

Dylan Corbett-Bader was born at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London, England on 22 July 1997. He is the only child of Sophie Corbett, an actress, and Mark Bader, a photographer. He has a younger half-brother. Corbett-Bader is a member of the Corbett family.

Corbett-Bader moved to Brighton at the age of 12. He graduated from Hove and Sussex Sixth Form College with his diploma in acting. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramtic Art (RADA). Corbett-Bader graduated with his Bachelor of Arts degree in 2021. He is now a member of the National Youth Theatre.

Corbett-Bader made his debut as an actor in 2016, during the short film "Offbeat". He is also a stage actor.

Corbett-Bader is currently represented by Conway Van Gelder Grant.

Source: 

Pseudophilautus alto

The Horton Plains shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus alto") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1850 and 2300 meters above sea level.

Rhode Island Red

The Rhode Island Red is an American breed of chicken. It is the state bird of Rhode Island. It was developed there and in Massachusetts in the late nineteenth century. It was developed by cross-breeding birds of Oriental origin such as the Malay with brown Leghorn birds from Italy. It was farmed for meat and eggs. Modern types have been bred for their eggs. The traditional non-industrial types of the Rhode Island Red are listed as "watch" (medium conservation priority, between "recovering" and "threatened") by The Livestock Conservancy. It is not the same breed as the Rhode Island White.

Voter turnout

Voter turnout is the number of votes given when casting a vote. This is usually the number of voters, people who are allowed to vote, or all voting age people. There is an agreement among political scientists that "democracies work better when more people vote." 

Many things make a lot of differences in turnout rates. For example, simpler law-making democracies where voters get shorter ballots, fewer elections, and a multi-party system that makes accountability easier to see more voters than the ways to vote in the United States, Japan, and Switzerland.

Some parts of society are more likely to vote than others. As the number of votes is near 90%, significant differences between voters and nonvoters become less important, but in lower turnout elections the differences between voters and nonvoters can be very big.

More importantly than changes in specific election decisions, voter turnout has very long-term effects on the way democracies work. For example, corruption makes less people vote, not allowing popular democratic changes like fast and safe elections.

Other factors have the biggest impact on voter turnout. Making it illegal to not vote has a direct and big effect on turnout while adding barriers, such as a different registration process or unnecessarily scheduling many elections, decreases turnout. In addition, the closer democracies are to 'one person, one vote' makes more people vote because voters see that their vote has an impact. This can be seen in the higher voting rates of proportional law making democracies.

Leonard Hayflick

Leonard Hayflick (Born on May 20th, 1928) is a professor of biology who discovered the Hayflick Limit and Cell culturing.

Crossodactylus grandis

The Bahia spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus grandis") is a frog. People have only seen it in Parque Nacional do Itatiaia in Minas Gerais in Brazil.

Farah Jefry

Farah Jefry (Arabic: فرح الجفري; born 12 January 2003) is a Saudi Arabian female footballer who plays for Al-Ittihad as a Midfielder.

Farah was born on 12 January 2003 in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. At the age of eight, she started watching and playing football along with her cousins. Her father was also a huge fan of Football. She attended Jeddah International School.

Farah's career started at the age of 15 when she joined Jeddah Eagle's club (now Al-Ittihad) in the year 2017.

Farah Jefry considers Argentina football star, Lionel Messi as her football inspiration.

In 2021, she became the first Saudi sportswoman to become a brand ambassador for Adidas.

Blake Moore

Blake David Moore (born June 22, 1980) is an American politician. He became the U.S. representative for in January 2021. In 2023, he was elected Vice Chair of the House Republican Conference.


Glenn Maxwell

Glenn James Maxwell (born 14 October 1988) is an Australian professional cricketer. Maxwell is a batting all-rounder who bats right-handed and often bowl off-break deliveries.


Yabba-Dabba-Doo

"Yabba-Dabba-Doo" is the catchphrase used by Fred Flintstone. The phrase expresses a lot of emotion mostly anger, surprise, or sometimes excitement. Yabba Dabba Doo! ; Alan Reed, voice actor who provided Fred's voice from 1960 to 1977, reportedly said the inspiration for the phrase came from his mother, who used to say, "A little dab'll do ya," probably borrowed from a Brylcreem commercial. He said this instead of, "Yahoo" which was what was in the script.

Oh Yeah! Cartoons

The Oh Yeah! Cartoonswere a group of animated short movies that Fred Seibert created for Nickelodeon. Some of its cartoons got spin-off television shows like The Fairly OddParents, The Chalk Zone and My Life as a Teenage Robot.

Cavite

Cavite, officially the Province of Cavite is a province in the Philippines in the Calabarzon region on the island of Luzon. It is on the southern shores of Manila Bay and southwest of Manila. It is one of the most industrialized and fastest-growing provinces in the Philippines. In 2020, it had a population of 4,344,829.

Patrick Mower

Patrick Mower (born Patrick Archibald Shaw; 12 September 1938) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Rodney Blackstock in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2000–present). 

Reclaim the Night

Reclaim the Night is a movement that started in 1977. It is part of the Women's liberation movement. The people who started it said that women should be able to walk safely at night. The focus of the movement is still to decrease the number of times women get sexually assaulted. Over the years, Reclaim the Night also targeted other forms of violence against women.

The first of these marches was in Brussels, in 1976. On Walpurgis Night 1977, women marched through the streets. Many of them were dressed as witches. During that march, many went to the red light districts, and into places women usually don't have access to. 

Nicola Wheeler

Nicola Wheeler (born Nicola Hodge; 4 April 1974) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Nicola King in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2001–present). Wheeler also acted on "Coronation Street" in 1999. She was a contestant on the reality television programme "Cirque de Celebrité" in 2006. 

Women's liberation movement

The Women's liberation movement is a social movement that started in the 1960s. It is a form of radical feminism. Followers of the movement say that men and women should have the same rights. 

Important issues on the agenda are:


Bruno Schulz

Bruno Schulz (1892 – 1942) was a Polish Jewish writer.

Some of his works were translated to English


AEW Grand Slam (2022)

Grand Slam (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 21, 2022 at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens, New York. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second Grand Slam event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Jon Moxley defeat Bryan Danielson in a tournament final match to win the vacant AEW World Championship. The main event of "Rampage" saw Ricky Starks defeat Powerhouse Hobbs in a Lights Out match.

The event would see the AEW debut of Saraya. She would save Toni Storm and Athena from a beatdown by Britt Baker, Jamie Hayter, and Serena Deeb. Legendary Japanese wrestler Great Muta would also make an appearance during the event. He would help his old rival Sting during his match. He would hit Buddy Matthews with a dragon screw and spit green mist in his face.

"Dynamite (aired live September 21)
"Rampage (aired on tape delay September 23)

AEW Grand Slam (2023)

Grand Slam (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 20, 2023 at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens, New York. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the third Grand Slam event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw MJF defeat Samoa Joe to retain his AEW World Championship. The main event of "Rampage" saw The Hung Bucks (Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and "Hangman" Adam Page) defeat Mogul Embassy (Brian Cage, Bishop Kaun, and Toa Liona) in a six-man tag team match to win the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships.

"Dynamite (aired live September 20)
"Rampage (taped September 20, aired September 22)

Holiday Bash (2020)

Holiday Bash (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 17, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". The event aired right after the Celtics vs Bucks game on TNT. It was the first Holiday Bash event to take place.

The main event of the event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat The Acclaimed (Anthony Bowens and Max Caster) to retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships. The Bucks would hit the "BTE trigger" on Caster and get the pinfall victory.

Holiday Bash (2021)

Holiday Bash (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 22, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. "Dynamite" aired in it's normal timeslot while "Rampage" aired on delay on December 25 at 9pm ET . It was pushed back because of a tradition that TNT has where they show the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" during their holiday marathon.

The "Dynamite" main event of the event saw CM Punk, Sting, and Darby Allin defeated The Pinnacle (MJF and FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler)). The "Rampage" main event saw Cody Rhodes defeat Sammy Guevara to win the AEW TNT Championship.

During the event, Kyle O'Reilly made his AEW debut. He would help Adam Cole during his match. This was first time that all three original members of The Undisputed Era were reunited since their time in "NXT".

"Dynamite (December 22)
"Rampage (December 25)

André Braun

André Braun (born 1 May 1944) is a Luxembourgian archer. Braun competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Jeannette Goergen-Philip

Jeannette Goergen-Philip (born 30 November 1947) is a Luxembourgian archer. Goergen-Philip competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

La Libertad, Ecuador

La Libertad is a city in Ecuador. It is important to keep in mind that this city is not a major city, but rather a rural area, meaning that it is quite difficult to find this location on a map.

Awais Malik

Awais Malik was born 11 October, 1982. He is a Qatar cricketer who played 18 Twenty20 Internationals and 2 Limited-over matches from 2019 to 2020.

Brand ambassador

A Brand Ambassador (sometimes also called a corporate ambassador) is a person appointed by a company or organization to represent and promote its brand positively. They help people know what the brand is about by doing things like promoting products and being in ads. They act as a bridge between the brand and its target audience.

Brand Ambassadors often do things like supporting products, being part of advertisements and joining events for the brand. They help the brand by making sure people know about its products and likes the brand. Many brand ambassadors use social media platforms like Instagram to promote such products as well.

List of Romania Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Romania Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International since their first match in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 20 August 2023."

WAGR J class (diesel)

The WAGR J class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1966 to 1995.

The J class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales as shunters along the Eastern Goldfields Railway from Perth to Kalgoorlie. Class leader No. 101 was scrapped in 1986 while the rest were sold off in 1995 to Great Northern Rail services and hauled trains under contract to National Rail, with the locos based out of South Dynon motive power depot in Melbourne, Victoria.

No. 102 and 103 are owned by SCT Logistics, working at multiple locations around Melbourne. No. 104 and 105 are based at Alice Springs and Tennant Creek, Northern Territory as terminal shunters under the ownership of One Rail Australia (after merging with Freightlink).

Auckland Islands

The Auckland Islands (Māori: "Motu Maha" or "Maungahuka") are a group of islands that are part of New Zealand. The islands are south of the South Island. There are no people on the islands.

The biggest island is Auckland Island. There are smaller islands around Auckland Island like Adams Island, Enderby Island, Disappointment Island, Ewing Island, Rose Island, Dundas Island, and Green Island. 

The islands were found by Europeans in 1806.

No Regrets (Tom Rush song)

"No Regrets" is a 1968 song by folk singer/songwriter Tom Rush and is the final track from his 1968 album "The Circle Game". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom and was covered by The Walker Brothers in 1975.

In 1975, American group The Walker Brothers covered the song as the title track to their fourth studio album "No Regrets". It was a comeback for the band following their 1967 split. It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, number 5 in Ireland and number 28 in Australia and was covered again in 1982 by Midge Ure.

Ilocos Sur

Ilocos Sur, officially the Province of Ilocos Sur, is a province in the Philippines located in the Ilocos Region in Luzon. At the mouth of the Mestizo River is the capital, Vigan. Ilocos Sur is next to Ilocos Norte and Abra to the north, Mountain Province to the east, La Union and Benguet to the south and the South China Sea to the west.

Ilocos Sur was founded by the Spanish "conquistador" Juan de Salcedo in 1572. It was formed when the north (now Ilocos Norte) split from the south (Ilocos Sur). At that time it included parts of Abra and the upper half of present-day La Unión. The current boundary of the province was permanently defined through "Act 2683" signed in March 1917.

The province is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites, the Heritage City of Vigan and the Baroque Church of Santa Maria.

SC Columbia XXI Floridsdorf

SC Columbia Floridsdorf is a Austrian football club located in the 21st district of Vienna. They play since the 2019/20 season in the 2nd regional league, the fifth highest division . The club colors are blue, black and white.
The club SC Columbia XXI was founded in 1908. In September 1908 the club was registered with the club authorities and football association. After the end of the First World War they got a own ground. 1964 the club had to move to Schwarzlackenau. Since 1927 Columbia XXI had been playing for the VAFÖ championship. After the dissolution of the VAFÖ in 1934, the Columbians joined the Vienna Football Association, where they played in the lower leagues. After the annexation of Austria by the German Reich in 1938 they were not allowed to play until a pleasant club management was found.

After winning the third division in 1943 they were promoted to the second division for the first time in the club's history. After the end of the war, the club had its best days. In 1946 and 1947 fourth place in the second league was reached. The departure of Columbia XXI's best players to larger Viennese clubs weakened the team. With the introduction of the state league in 1950 they were relegated and did not come back to the 2nd league. The Columbians fell into the 1st Class B by 1957 and subsequently played in the lowest Viennese football leagues. It wasn't until 1999 that they returned to the fourth-tier Vienna City League. In 2008 the came back to the Stadtliga. In the same year they also celebrated their 100th anniversary. In the 2009/10 season they were promoted to the Regionalliga East.

Columbia ended their first season in the third highest division in 14th place out of 16. The club was not relegated because eleventh-placed FC Waidhofen/Ybbs voluntarily relegated due to financial problems. In 2012 however, Columbia finished in last place and was relegated to the Vienna City League. After being relegated again, SC Columbia is currently in the fifth highest league, the 2nd Landesliga Vienna.

Marduk

Marduk (Cuneiform: AMAR.UTU) was a god from Mesopotamia and deity of the city of Babylon who became the king of the gods. In the city of Babylon, Marduk was worshipped in the temple Esagila. His symbol is the spade. He is also connected with the Mušḫuššu.

By the First Millennium BCE, Marduk had become connected with the planet Jupiter.

Askold

Askold can be




Toki Air

Toki Air, officially , is a Japanese low-cost, regional airline based at Niigata Airport. It was founded on July 29, 2020 and is expected to start operations in late 2023.

Toki Air was made in July 29, 2020 in order to connect regional and stray areas across the country. The company signed a agreement with the NAC for two ATR 72-600s. The company also signed a ten-year GMA with ATR for its two ordered 72-600s. Toki Air also plans to introduce the ATR 42-600S variant which is currently under development by ATR. Toki Air, is expected to have its first ATR 42-600S in early 2025. The cost of the airplane will make the company the first Japanese airline to operate this type of aircraft.

Toki Air took delivery of its first ATR 72 on October 10, 2022. The airplane arrived at its hub at Niigata Airport on November 5, 2022.

The government of Niigata Prefecture extended 1.16 billion yen in financing to Toki on October 31, 2022.

Toki formally signed up for an air operator's award on November 30, 2022, which was approved by the East Japan Civil Aviation Bureau of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism on March 31, 2023. Toki would be the first new locally-owned Japanese airline in 14 years (after Fuji Dream Airlines).

On August 28, 2023, a 66-year-old former worker of Oriental Air Bridge, who was the boss of the safety zone, was continued after it was discovered that the employee had illegally downloaded and transferred secret documents from the airline on November 25, 2022. The worker retired from the airplane business in December 2022 and later joined Toki Air. The employee told the truth and stated that "I took these (the papers), because I thought it would be useful my next company's work." Toki Air stated that they had lowered the rank of the employee and reported the incident to the Japan Civil Aviation Bureau. Oriental Air Bridge in an talk stated that there was no impact of flight safety and the airline would work to prevent such incident from happening again.
The Toki Air fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of October 2022):
Toki Air is one of several airlines advising Heart Aerospace on its proposed ES-30 electric airliner.


Mat

A mat is a most likely flat object (normally soft) to wipe your feet/shoes off. It can also mean a few other things like a small piece of cork, card, or fabric placed on a table or other surface to protect it from the heat or moisture of an object placed on it. In a different form called matted it can mean almost completely different things.

Mia And The White Lion

Mia and the White Lion is a 2018 film about a young girl from London moves to Africa with her parents where she befriends a lion cub. 

Staring; Daniah De Villiers, Mélanie Laurent, Langley Kirkwood

The film released in France on the 26th of December 2018 and the United States of America on the 12th of April 2019. 

Philippe Rühl

Philippe Jacques Rühl (3 May 1737 – 29/30 May 1795) was a German-French statesman during the French Revolution. He was the "doyen d'âge" (oldest deputy) of the opening ceremony of the Convention of 1792–1795. He was the son of a Lutheran minister. He committed suicide by stabbing himself with a dagger.

Jean Joseph Victor Génissieu

Jean Joseph Victor Génissieu (29 October 1749 – 27 October 1804) was a French lawyer and politician. He was president of the National Convention, Minister of Justice and president of the Council of Five Hundred during the French Revolution.

Holiday Bash (2022)

Holiday Bash (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 21, 2022 at Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively.

The "Dynamite" main event of the event saw Jamie Hayter defeat Hikaru Shida to retain her AEW Women's World Championship. The "Rampage" main event saw Jay Lethal and Jeff Jarrett defeat Anthony Bowens and "Daddy Ass" Billy Gunn.

It was reported that the match between Hayter and Shida was very well recieved by members of the AEW roster backstage.

"Dynamite (December 22)
"Rampage (aired on tape delay December 23)

Rota (poem)

Rota (English: The Oath) is a Polish poem written by Polish poetess Marya Konopnicka. It was first published in the Polish newspaper "Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" (English: Star of Ciezyn) on 7 November 1908. The poem was written as a protest in order to stop the German Empire's policies of the oppression and suppression of the Polish culture, by the forced Germanisation of Poles. 
Nie rzucim ziemi, zkąd nasz rod, 
Nie damy pogrześć mowy! 
Polski my naród, Polski lud,
Królewski szczep Piastowy.
Nie damy, by nas zniemczył wrog. 
— Tak nam dopomóż Bog!

Do krwi oststaniej kropli z żył,
Bronić będziemy Ducha,
Aż się rozpadnie w proch i w pył
Krzyżacka zawierucha.
Twierdzą nam będzie każdy próg,
— Tak nam dopomóż Bog!

Nie będzie niemiec pluł nam w twarz,
I dzieci nam germanił,
Oręny sercem hufiec nasz,
Duch będzie nam hetmanił. 
Pójdziem, gdy zagrzmi złoty róg,
— Tak nam dopomóż Bog! — 

Ludowi śląskiemu.

AEW Homecoming (2020)

Homecoming (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on January 1, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". The name of the event was a reference to the company's return to Daily's Place.

The main event saw The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) defeat Death Triangle (Pac, Pentagón Jr., and Rey Fénix).

AEW Homecoming (2021)

Homecoming (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 4, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second and last Homecoming event that AEW made. The name of the event was a reference to the company's return to Daily's Place.

The main event saw Malakai Black defeat Cody Rhodes. This was Black's in-ring debut for AEW. Black hit Rhodes with the Spinning Heel Mick and got the pinfall victory.

Jérôme Pétion de Villeneuve

Jérôme Pétion de Villeneuve (3 January 1756 – 18 June 1794) was a French writer and politician who served as the second mayor of Paris, from 1791 to 1792, and the first regular president of the National Convention in 1792. During the French Revolution, he was associated with the moderate Girondins, and voted against the immediate execution of Louis XVI at the king's trial in January 1793, though he supported a suspended sentence. This led to Pétion's proscription by the Convention alongside other Girondin deputies following the radical insurrection of 31 May – 2 June 1793, and ultimately his suicide together with fellow-Girondin François Buzot while evading arrest during the Terror.

New Year's Smash (January 2021)

New Year's Smash (January 2021) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on January 6 and 7, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite". It was the first New Year's Smash event to take place. The event was originally supposed to take place on December 30, 2020, and end on January 6, 2021 but the event was pushed back a week. The Brodie Lee Celebration of Life event took it's place to honour the memory of AEW wrestler Brodie Lee who died on December 26.

Night 1's main event saw Kenny Omega defeat Rey Fenix to retain his AEW World Championship. Omega would hit Fénix with the "One-Winged Angel" and get the pinfall victory. Night 2's main event Darby Allin defeat Brian Cage to retain his AEW TNT Championship. Allin hit Cage with the "Crucifix Bomb" and got the pinfall victory.

Night 1 (January 6)
Night 2 (January 13)

Berezniki

Berezniki is a city in Perm Krai, Russia. The city had a population of 143,072 in 2010. It is the second biggest city in Perm Krai after Perm.

Japanese Breakfast

The Japanese Breakfast are an American indie pop music band. They are headed under musician and singer Michelle Zauner. They were first started in 2012 or 2013.

Zauner said she named the group after she saw a GIF picture of a Japanese breakfast. She decided also the term "Japanese breakfast" had an exotic nature to Americans.

The band have multiple studio albums and songs. The albums include "Jubilee" (2021) and "The Soft Sounds from Another Planet" (2017).

At the 64th annual Grammy Awards, the Japanese Breakfast were nominated for the Best New Artist. The same awards nominated their album "Jubilee" for the Best Alternative Music Album. Songs for which the group are known include "Be Sweet".

The Japanese Breakfast band are from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Up the Creek (song)

"Up the Creek" is a 1984 song by Cheap Trick and is the title track to the 1984 movie "Up the Creek". It went to number 36 on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks charts.



Jeff Henckels

Jeff Henckels (born 30 August 1984) is an archer from Luxembourg. Henckels competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Ilse Martha Ries-Hotz

Ilse Martha Ries-Hotz (born 27 July 1949) is a Luxembourgian archer. Martha Ries-Hotz competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

ICBC Argentina

ICBC Argentina is an Argentine banking entity owned by ICBC. It is the Argentine subsidiary of the Chinese bank Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, founded in 2013 after the purchase of Standard Bank Argentina.
In 2006, Standard Bank purchased the BankBoston Argentina unit, expanding its operations to this country. In 2012, ICBC acquired 80% of its shares. The rebranding occurred in April 2013.

With an extensive network of more than 103 branches spread across 17 provinces and a team of 3,243 employees, ICBC stands out as a solid financial institution in the country. Its asset base exceeds 21.1 billion pesos (ARS), backed by deposits exceeding 15.2 billion pesos. This consolidates its position among the main private banks in Argentina, ranking among the eight most prominent in terms of assets and deposits.

Thomas of Brittany

Thomas of Brittany (active 1160–1170) was a medieval poet and cleric who was active in Brittany.

A German romance named "Tristan" which was written by Gottfried von Strassburg, a German writer, was based on the Anglo-Norman poem "Tristan", which was written by Thomas of Brittany, between 1160 to 1170. The poem and the romance are one of the versions in literature of the Tristan and Iseult legend.


Chocolat (1988 movie)

Chocolat is a 1988 French Cameroonian adventure drama movie directed by first time director Claire Denis and starring Isaach de Bankolé, Giulia Boschi, François Cluzet, Cécile Ducasse, Mireille Perrier, Kenneth Cranham.

August Blaha

August Blaha (1 January 1888 - 25 September 1961) was an Austrian footballer. He played for SK Rapid Wien. There he was part of the team which won the first Austrian championship. He played at the1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm for the Austrian football team.
Rapid Archiv: August Blaha

Orsha

Orsha (; ) is a city in Vitebsk Region, Belarus. It is the administrative center of Orsha District. In 2023, 103,658 people lived there.

Krasnohrad

Krasnohrad () is a city in Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Krasnohrad Raion. In 2022, 19,674 people lived there.

From 1784 to 1922, it was known as Kostyantynohrad.

Barvinkove

Barvinkove (; ) is a city in Izium Raion, Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine. In 2022, 7,840 people lived there.

Maloarkhangelsk

Maloarkhangelsk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 3,620 people lived there.

Bolkhov

Bolkhov () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 11,421 people lived there.

Crozet Islands

The Crozet Islands (French: "Iles Crozet" or "Archipel Crozet") are a group of islands in the Indian Ocean. The islands are very far away. It is about from Mauritius. The only place where people live on the islands is at Alfred Faure ("Port Alfred"). 

There are many islands that are a part of the Crozet Islands such as: 


Many animals can be found on the islands like penguins, seabirds, and seals. Different kinds of penguin live on the islands like macaroni penguins, gentoo penguins, king penguins, and rockhopper penguins. Some seabirds that can be found on the island are the Crozet shag, wandering albatross, and many kinds of petrels. 

There are some plants on the islands, but not a lot. There is mostly grass, moss, and lichen. 

The islands were found in 1772 and was used for seal hunting for a lot of its history until it was made a nature reserve.

Novosil

Novosil () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 3,658 people lived there.

Dmitrovsk

Dmitrovsk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 5,648 people lived there.

Livny

Livny () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 50,343 people lived there.

Mtsensk

Mtsensk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. It is on the Zusha River. In 2010, 43,222 people lived there.

New Kosovo Alliance

The New Kosovo Alliance is a political coalition in Kosovo, formed in 2010. This alliance brings together a diverse range of political parties and interest groups with the shared goal of promoting social justice, economic development, and national unity. The New Kosovo Alliance officially emerged on May 5, 2010, as a response to heightened political tensions and a desire for a more inclusive and collaborative approach to governance. Visionary leaders who played pivotal roles in its establishment include Sara Petrovic and Marko Jovanovic. It is a coalition of six parties

Sara Petrovic serves as the charismatic leader of the New Kosovo Alliance, bringing with her a background in grassroots activism. Marko Jovanovic, an experienced political strategist, is the alliance's chief spokesperson. They work with other prominent members, such as Ana Popovic and Stefan Milosevic.

At the core of the New Kosovo Alliance's political platform are principles of social justice, economic equality, and a commitment to fostering national unity. Key objectives include advancing education reform, promoting sustainable economic practices, and better diplomatic relations. The alliance positions itself as a centrist coalition, emphasizing a commitment to pragmatic and inclusive governance.

The NKA took part in the 2011 and 2014 national elections, securing notable successes in both. In 2014, the alliance gained a majority in the parliament. Their victory was attributed to a strong grassroots campaign and a focus on addressing pressing economic challenges.

Despite its successes, the New Kosovo Alliance has faced challenges, including internal disagreements on certain policy issues and external criticism for its diplomatic approach. Controversies, such as allegations of campaign finance impropriety in 2011, have added complexity to its political journey, requiring adept navigation by the alliance's leadership.

The New Kosovo Alliance has played a pivotal role in shaping the political landscape of Kosovo by implementing education reforms, facilitating economic development, and fostering diplomatic relations. Contributions to legislative changes, such as the passage of key economic policies, have left a lasting imprint on the country's political trajectory, demonstrating the alliance's commitment to positive transformation.

As of 2023, the New Kosovo Alliance remains an influential force in Kosovo politics. Ongoing activities include initiatives to address environmental concerns

FIGRA

FIGRA (International festival of major current affairs reports and social documentaries) is an annual festival of documentary films and the corresponding festival award. It has been held since 1993 in March-April in Le Touquet-Paris-Plage in northern France.

The film festival was founded by Georges Marque-Bouaret in 1993. The festival's main theme revolves around pressing social issues uncovered by the reporters themselves, who also serve as directors. In this way, according to the founder, they have the opportunity to "step out of the shadows" of the press organizations they work for.

In 2016, the festival takes place from March 30 to April 3.


Cajun cuisine

Cajun cuisine is a style of cooking developed by the Cajun–Acadians who were deported from Acadia to Louisiana during the 18th century and who incorporated West African, French and Spanish cooking techniques into their original cuisine.

Tamale

A tamale, in Spanish tamal, is a traditional Mesoamerican dish made of masa, a dough made from nixtamalized corn, which is steamed in a corn husk or banana leaves.

Menudo

In Mexican cuisine, Menudo, also known as pancita ("[little] gut" or "[little] stomach") or mole de panza ("stomach sauce"), is a traditional Mexican soup. It is made with cow's stomach (tripe) in broth with a red chili pepper base. Hominy, lime, onions, and oregano are used to season the broth.

Yeat

Yeat is a American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer known for his experimental sound.

Tres leches cake

A tres leches cake is a sponge cake soaked in three kinds of milk: evaporated milk, condensed milk, and whole milk. The cake is popular throughout Latin America.

Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute

Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute was established in 1936 as an affiliated institution of Rajshahi College. Unfortunately, the institute faced challenges and was closed in 1952.

On 11 August 1920, Kumar Basant Kumar Roy, the second son of Raja Pramthanath of Dighapatia, generously donated 2,50,000 rupees for the establishment of an agricultural institute in Rajshahi through a will. The Basant Kumar Roy Trust, the trustees of the donation, contributed an additional one lakh rupees. Although the government accepted Vasantakumar's donation, the institute could not be established until 1936 due to various reasons. Over the span of 16 years, the initial donation increased to about four lakh taka.

Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute was officially established in Rajshahi under the administration of the Principal of Rajshahi College through a Government Notification dated 12th May 1963.

The institute commenced operations by renovating the kitchen and dining hall building of the hostel on Natore Road, adjacent to Rani Hemanthakumari Hostel of Rajshahi College. Practical classes were conducted by coordinating with government agricultural farms.

In 1936, 16 students were admitted, and 7 of them successfully passed and secured employment.

The institute flourished until 1948 but faced a decline after the creation of Pakistan. From 1948 to 1952, it remained inactive. Unfortunately, after the country's division, the original deed through which funds were allocated for Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute could not be recovered. Additionally, key contributors to the institution left the country, and some passed away, posing a threat to its existence.

In June 1952, an application was submitted to the government for the institution's reopening, but approval was not granted. By the end of 1952, the government issued an order, leading to the complete closure of the institution.

Rajshahi Nursing College

Rajshahi Nursing College is an educational institution for nursing located in Rajshahi city, situated within the Rajshahi Medical College campus. It operates under the administration of Rajshahi University.

The inception of the institution dates back to October 17, 1961, with the laying of the foundation stone for the Nursing Training Center attached to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital. Originally named Seva Institute, it transformed into Rajshahi Nursing College in 2007. Notably, it is among the seven Basic B.Sc Nursing Colleges in Bangladesh operating at the government level.

Rajshahi Nursing College offers a 4-year B.Sc Nursing course and a 3-year Diploma in Midwifery. Admission criteria include HSC (Science) for BSc Nursing and HSC pass in any subject for the Diploma in Midwifery course, with admission granted based on merit. Annually, the college admits 100 students to the B.Sc Nursing program and 25 students to the Diploma in Midwifery course. It's noteworthy that 10% of these admissions are reserved for male students.

While female students have access to residential facilities, there is currently no provision for residential arrangements for male students.

WAGR K class (diesel)

The WAGR K class were a total of 10 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1966 to 2000.

The K class were constructed by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland from 1966 to 1969. They were built to serve on the Eastern Goldfields Railway working on construction trains converting that line to standard gauge, soon after they began hauling wheat traffic from Merredin to Fremantle harbour, after the Eastern Goldfields Railway re-opened the K class started running services from Kalgoorlie to Esperance.

Class leader No. 201 made history when it travelled through five states, requiring three bogie exchanges. No. 202 was purchased by the Goldsworthy Mining Coy as one of their similar locos had been destroyed in an accident. A new K class was ordered as a replacement, becoming K class No. 210, and Goldsworthy purchased No. 203 soon after.

In 1974 three R class were converted to standard gauge, becoming the Ka class. All but two were included in the sale of Westrail assets in 2000. 7 of the K class have been scrapped, with two in storage in Melbourne, Victoria, and one operational under SCT Logistics.

Pan (2015 movie)

Pan is a 2015 American fantasy film directed by Joe Wright and written by Jason Fuchs. The film is a prequel to the 1904 play "Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up." It was published as a novel in 1911 as "Peter and Wendy", by Scottish author J. M. Barrie. It is about Peter Pan and Captain Hook. It stars Levi Miller as Peter Pan, Garrett Hedlund as Hook, Rooney Mara as Tiger Lily, Hugh Jackman as Blackbeard

Living a bleak existence at a London orphanage, 12-year-old Peter finds himself whisked away to the fantastical world of Neverland. Adventure awaits as he meets new friend James Hook and the warrior Tiger Lily. They must band together to save Neverland from the ruthless pirate Blackbeard. Along the way, the rebellious and mischievous boy discovers his true destiny, becoming the hero forever known as Peter Pan.


Vanilla Air

In June 2013, AirAsia said it would stop working with AirAsia Japan. This made the company a subsidiary of Air Nippon Airways (ANA). In August of that year, AirAsia Japan said that it would still fly under its current name through 26 October 2013. It would change its name to Vanilla Air starting 1 November 2013. Vanilla Air would start with two aircraft. The company would grow to ten aircraft by 2015. It would have flight within Japan and to other countries. All of AirAsia Japan employees were to now work for Vanilla Air. The airline would focus on flying to resort places. Over time, they would start flying longer paths after a focus on short-haul routes.

AirAsia Japan aircraft was moved to Indonesia AirAsia. Vanilla Air only had two aircraft at the start. Vanilla Air kept working from Narita International Airport, but because it only had 2 aircraft, the AirAsia Japan hub at Chubu Centrair International Airport was closed. However.

At the end of July, the "Nikkei" reported that the new AirAsia Japan would focus on the popular resort markets of Sapporo, Okinawa, Honolulu, Guam and Saipan. A later report said that 70% of its would be around the world. The report said said that they would make better use of slots at Narita Airport. It would do this by having flights late at night and and in the early morning. The increasing to 10 aircraft would make the airline more competitive with Jetstar Japan, a Narita-based airline partly owned by Japan Airlines.

Vanilla Air made its first flights from Narita to Okinawa and Taipei on 20 December 2013. Vanilla Air introduced the "Vaniller's Pass" in December 2014. It was a one-month pass good for travel on its Tokyo-Amami path. The pass was aimed at people going to the islands for surfing and diving, but people used the passes for other purposes such as caring for family members.

In its first years of work, Vanilla Air a shortage of pilots. This caused the company to lose money.. In 2016, low oil prices and an increase of tourism to Japan led to Vanilla Air making a profit. 

In June 2017, Vanilla Air was criticised after a disabled passenger flying from Amami to Osaka had to crawl up a set of stairs to enter an aircraft. The passenger, Hideto Kojima, was told he would not be allowed to board the plane if he could not climb the stairs without help.

On 22 March 2018, All Nippon Airways sid it would combine Peach Aviation and Vanilla Air. This would start in the second half of the FY2018 and to be done by the end of FY2019. Vanilla would become a part of Peach, The new company was planned to have more than 50 aircraft by 2020. This was up from 35 aircraft before the merger. The company would have more than 50 routes. It was expected to have a ¥150 ($) billion in income and a 10% operating profit for FY2020. Vanilla Air closed on 26 October 2019.

Vanilla Air took delivery of its first A320 aircraft on 14 November 2013. The Vanilla Air fleet had 6 Airbus A320-200 aircraft as of October 2019, at time of merger into Peach Aviation


Maasin, Southern Leyte

Maasin is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Southern Leyte. According to the 2020 census, 87,446 people lived there.

Naval, Biliran

Naval is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Biliran. According to the 2020 census, 58,187 people lived there.

Vigan

Vigan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Ilocos Sur. According to the 2020 census, 53,935 people lived there.

Pangasinan

Pangasinan, officially the Province of Pangasinan (; ; ), is a province in the Philippines in the Ilocos Region of Luzon. Its capital is Lingayen. It has a total land area of . According to the 2020 census, 3,163,190 people lived there.

San Jose de Buenavista

San Jose de Buenavista is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Antique. According to the 2020 census, 65,140 people lived there.

Kalibo

Kalibo, officially the Municipality of Kalibo (Aklanon: "Banwa it Kalibo"; Hiligaynon: "Banwa sang Kalibo"; ), is a 1st class municipality and capital of the Province of Aklan, Philippines. In the 2020 census, 89,127 people lived there.

Kalibo is in the north-west of Panay. It is the main transportation hub for the resort island of Boracay. The municipality is known for the Ati-Atihan festival, the award winning mangrove forest, the Bakhawan Eco-Park and piña-weaving. In February 2018, the government of Aklan, began the process of nominating Kalibo piña-weaving in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage Lists. The Ati-atihan festival is also nominated for the same list.

Muntinlupa

Muntinlupa is a city in the Metro Manila, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 543,445 people lived there.

Las Piñas

Las Piñas is a city in the Metro Manila, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 606,293 people lived there.

First Lady of Kentucky

First Lady of Kentucky is the title and role held by the hostess of the Kentucky Governor's Mansion, usually the wife of the governor of Kentucky, during the governor's term in office.

Britainy Beshear is the current first lady of Kentucky, in role since December 2019 as the wife of Governor Andy Beshear.

The first lady is not elected by the citizens of Kentucky. There aren't any official jobs she is required to do and she is not paid for being the first lady. The first lady is often involved in political campaigns, and management of the Governor's Mansion. She is also involved in social causes and accompanying the governor at official and ceremonial occasions and events.

Martín Calvo Encalada

Martín Calvo de Encalada y Recabarren was a Chilean politician who participated as a member of Congress during the Chilean War of Independence. He was also the President of Chile.

Malolos

Malolos, officially the City of Malolos (), is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Bulacan. According to the 2020 census, 261,189 people lived there. 

Malolos was the site of the constitutional convention of 1898, known as the Malolos Convention, that led to the establishment of the First Philippine Republic.

Francisco de la Lastra

General Francisco de la Lastra y de la Sotta October 4, 1777 – May 13, 1852) was a Chilean military officer and the first Supreme Director of Chile (1814).

Bar, Ukraine

Bar () is a city in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine. In 2022, 15,337 people lived there.

Lingayen, Pangasinan

Lingayen is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Pangasinan. According to the 2020 census, 107,728 people lived there. It is the birthplace of Fidel V. Ramos, 12th President of the Philippines (1992–1998).

New Year's Smash (December 2021)

New Year's Smash (December 2021) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 29, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second New Year's Smash event to take place. It is the second New Year's Smash event to take place in 2021 after the first one took place in January.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Adam Cole and reDRagon (Bobby Fish and Kyle O'Reilly) defeat Best Friends (Chuck Taylor, Trent Beretta, and Orange Cassidy). The main event of "Rampage" saw Cody Rhodes defeat Ethan Page to retain his AEW TNT Championship.

"Dynamite" (December 29)
"Rampage" (December 31)

Apna Dal (Soneylal)

Apna Dal (Sonelal/Soneylal) is an Indian political party active in Uttar Pradesh. The party is mainly supported by the Kurmi community in the region of Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. It split from Apna Dal in 1995. 

Richard Worley

Richard J. Worley Jr. (born 1964/1965) is an American police officer who has been the since 2023. He was born in Baltimore's Pigtown community, graduated from in Baltimore in 1983 and earned a degree in criminal justice from in 1987.

Worley started his police career in 1998 with the . He was a trainee, lieutenant, major, lieutenant colonel, then colonel. He helped make plans for protests related to the killing of George Floyd in 2021. He applied to lead the in Texas in 2021 and the Greeley Police Department in Colorado in 2022, he was not selected for either role. In September 2022, Worley became the deputy commissioner of the Baltimore Police Department under Michael S. Harrison and became acting commissioner on June 9, 2023, following Harrison's resignation. Despite his nomination being controversial, he was approved as commissioner by the Baltimore City Council on October 2, 2023, with one disagreeing vote. His salary per year as commissioner is .

Richard J. Worley Jr. was born in the community of Baltimore in 1964 or 1965. He graduated from in 1983 and received a degree in criminal justice from in 1987. He was involved in college baseball and was recognized by his coach as "the natural." After college, he played in minor league baseball and later worked in his family's flooring business for ten years.

Worley became a police officer with the as a trainee in 1998. He was 34 years old. He served four years on patrol in the Western District of Baltimore. After being a trainee, he became lieutenant, major, lieutenant colonel, and finally, police colonel. In 2021, he helped make plans for protests related to the killing of George Floyd. He attempted to become the leader of the in Texas in 2021 and the Greeley Police Department in Colorado in 2022 but was not selected by the departments.

In September 2022, Worley became the deputy with as commissioner, and he became acting commissioner on June 9, 2023 because of Harrison's resignation.

On July 17, 2023, Mayor of Baltimore Brandon Scott nominated Worley to become commissioner. While the Baltimore NAACP thought his nomination should be withdrawn, former Mayor of Baltimore Jack Young and State's Attorney agreed with his nomination. 

Worley's nomination was approved by the Oversight Committee then approved by the Baltimore City Council on October 2, 2023. The only disagreeing vote was from Councilwoman , who represents the district affected by the , which happened while he was acting commissioner.

While he was acting commissioner, his salary was , and after his nomination was accepted by the City Council, he received a three-year contract with a salary per year of .

Worley is married and has two children. As well as being a police officer, he has been a Major League Baseball merchandise reviewer since August 2014.

New Year's Smash (2022)

New Year's Smash (2022) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 28, 2022 at the 1stBank Center in Broomfield, Colorado. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the third New Year's Smash event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Samoa Joe defeat Wardlow to retain his AEW TNT Championship. Joe choked Wardlow out with the Rear Naked Choke and the referee stopped the match, giving Joe the victory. The main event of "Rampage" saw Swerve Strickland defeat Wheeler Yuta. While the referee had their back turned, Swerve hit Yuta with a low blow and then a "JML Driver" for the pinfall victory.

"Dynamite" (aired live December 28)
"Rampage" (aired on tape delay December 30)

Karakurt-class corvette

The Karakurt class, or Project 22800 "Karakurt" ('spider, European Black Widow') is a (group or) class of small warships of Russia's navy.

According to Russia, those ships are "small missile-ships". Western media calls the ships, corvettes.

Leyte (province)

Leyte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. Its capital is the city of Tacloban.

South Cotabato

South Cotabato is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Koronadal.

DEATH BATTLE

Death Battle is an animated web series created by Rooster Teeth which puts two characters, usually fictional, up against each other in a match where one of them usually dies, both die, or make peace.

Cotabato

Cotabato or North Cotabato is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Kidapawan.

Sultan Kudarat

Sultan Kudarat is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Isulan.

Sarangani

Sarangani is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Alabel.

Legazpi, Albay

Legazpi, officially the City of Legazpi, is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Albay. According to the 2020 census, 209,533 people lived there.

La Trinidad, Benguet

La Trinidad is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Benguet. According to the 2020 census, 137,404 people lived there.

Davao de Oro

Davao de Oro is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region. The capital is Nabunturan. In 1998, it was split from Davao del Norte.

Davao Oriental

Davao Oriental is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region. The capital is Mati.

Davao Occidental

Davao Occidental is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region. The capital is Malita.

Zambales

Zambales is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Central Luzon region. The capital is Iba.

Arrest of Omi in a Hellcat

Bill Omar Carrasquillo (born September 6, 1986), known professionally as Omi in a Hellcat (stylized in all caps), is an American YouTuber who was sentenced to five and a half years of prison and fined on charges of conspiracy, copyright infringement, fraud, money laundering, and tax evasion due to a cable television piracy scheme.

Bill Omar Carrasquillo was born on September 6, 1986. His father was Julio Carrasquillo and his mother was Soledad Diaz. He was raised in North Philadelphia as one of 38 children. His mother died of a drug overdose while he was a child. His father was a drug dealer who taught him to cook crack cocaine when he was 12 years old. He grew up with his family, foster parents, and his father. He said he was sent to a mental health institution for his guardian to get to medicine to sell. He became a drug dealer as a teenager and sold drugs until he was in his 20s.

After he stopped selling drugs, he started a business in 2016 with partners Jesse Gonzales from California and Michael Barone from New York which offered users content from Comcast, Verizon FiOS, DirectTV, and HBO for a month. According to federal authorities, they bought technology from China which removed restrictions from cable subscriptions, which they used to stream the content online. Before being shut down in 2019, the service had 100,000 subscribers and generated in revenue.

He created a YouTube channel named Omi in a Hellcat (stylized in all caps). The channel features videos displaying his jewelry, his home in Swedesboro, New Jersey (which was owned by professional baseball player Jimmy Rollins), and his collection of 57 automobiles. His automobile collection included three Dodge Hellcats and four Lamborghinis, including a Power Rangers-themed one. , the channel had 820,000 subscribers and 65 million views.

Carrasquillo's home was entered by the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the morning of November 27, 2019, taking his cars, jewelry, and the money in his bank account. He was then indicted by the FBI on September 21, 2021, on 62 criminal counts, including 19 counts of public performance of a protected work and six counts of wire fraud. Facing 514 years in federal prison, he said he was innocent.

He, however, pled guilty in February 2022 and was sentenced to five and a half years of prison and fined on March 8, 2023 on charges of conspiracy, copyright infringement, fraud, money laundering, and tax evasion. His cars were sold by United States Marshals at the B&O Railroad Museum in Baltimore on October 13 and his jewelry was sold online, with the auction ending October 24.

AEW Quake by the Lake

Quake by the Lake was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 10, 2022 at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was called Quake by the Lake because it took place in Minnesota which is known by the nickname Land of 10,000 Lakes.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Jon Moxley defeat Chris Jericho to retain his interim AEW World Championship. Moxley made Jericho tap out with the rear-naked choke to get the submission victory. The main event of "Rampage" saw Orange Cassidy defeat Ari Daivari. Cassidy would hit Daivari with the "Orange Punch" and get the pinfall victory.

"Dynamite" (aired live August 10)
"Rampage" (aired on tape delay August 12)

Duma (2005 movie)

Duma is a 2005 American family drama adventure movie. It is about the friendship of a young South African boy and an orphaned cheetah. The movie is based on "How It Was with Dooms" by Carol Cawthra Hopcraft and Xan Hopcraft. It was directed by Carroll Ballard. The movie stars Alexander Michaletos in his only movie role, Eamonn Walker, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis. This was Carroll Ballard's last movie his retirement.

The movie was released in theaters on April 22, 2005 by Warner Bros. Pictures, Gaylord Films and C.O.R.E. It got mostly good reviews from critics. Warner Bros only gave the movie a small release around the world. It had a limited release in the United States). The movie earned $994,790 in worldwide box office. It won the Family Feature Film at the Genesis Awards in 2006.

Alex Michaeletos as Xan Meis Meilins

Garaldine Cander as Mia Williams

Campbell Scott as Peter Meis Meilins

Hope Davis as Kristin Meis Milinss

Tom as Duma The Cheetah

Eamonn Walker as Ripkuna

Jennifer Steyn as Aunt Gwen

Steve Harris as Calvin

Tracy Morgan as Kavin Percy

Sharlto Copley as Dick


Road Rager (2021)

Road Rager (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 7, 2021 at the James L. Knight Center in Miami, Florida. The event aired as special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Road Rager event to take place.

The main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat Eddie Kingston and Penta El Zero Miedo in a tag team Street Fight. The Bucks would put thumbtacks into Kingston's mouth and then Matt would superkick Kingston to get the pinfall victory.

Malakai Black would make his AEW debut during the event. He would hit the Black Mass on both Cody Rhodes and Arn Anderson after Cody's match. Andrade El Idolo would also make his AEW in-ring debut during the event.

Road Rager (2022)

Road Rager (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on June 15, 2022 at the Chaifetz Arena in St. Louis, Missouri. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second Road Rager event to take place and was also the final one to take place.

The "Dynamite" main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) in a tag team ladder match to become the new AEW World Tag Team Champions. The "Rampage" main event saw Darby Allin defeat Bobby Fish. Allin would roll out of Fish's ankle lock and put Fish in the "Last Supper" to get the pinfall victory.

"Dynamite" (aired June 15)
"Rampage" (aired June 17)

Guiguinto

Guiguinto, officially the Municipality of Guiguinto (), is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 113,415 people.

Guiguinto is one of the fast-growing municipalities. From a predominating agricultural economy, it gradually urbanized and developed. Guiguinto is 34 kilometers (21 mi) from Manila and 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) from Malolos.

It is the birthplace of composer Constancio De Guzman, known for writing songs like Maalaala Mo Kaya. It also houses the Immaculate Conception Seminary, a Diocesan Seminary of the Diocese of Malolos located in barangay Tabe. The appellation “Guiguinto” literally translates to “Gold” (ginto for Tagalog, gintu for Kapampangan) for the early conquistadores came and saw this town on a harvest season when it lushes in golden rice stalks against the sun.

The Judgment Day

The Judgment Day is a heel professional wrestling stable in the WWE. They are a part of the Raw brand. The members of the group are Damian Priest, Rhea Ripley, Finn Bálor, "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio and JD McDonagh. Ripley is the current Women’s World Champion. Bálor and Priest are the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions in their second reign with both the Raw Tag Team Championship and SmackDown Tag Team Championship. Priest is also the 2023 Men's Money in the Bank winner.

The stable was created in 2022. It was led by Edge. It had a dark gothic/supernatural theme. Edge was removed from the group after Bálor joined. The supernatural elements became less after Edge left. The group changed into more of a street thug/goth bully group. In 2023, Bálor added his real-life student and recent NXT call-up, JD McDonagh. He joined the group and started to help them in their matches. R-Truth has tried to join them since December, but he is not seen as an official member of the group.

The Rising (Bruce Springsteen song)

"The Rising" is a 2002 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his 12th studio album "The Rising". It went to number 52 in the United States, number 94 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Italy, number 39 in the Netherlands, number 5 in Norway, number 10 in Sweden and number 9 in Spain and Romania and won 2 Grammy Awards in 2003. It was covered by Heart for Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign. It was written from the September 11, 2001 attacks.

Banco Itaú (Argentina)

Banco Itaú was an Argentine banking entity owned by Banco Itaú. It was the Argentine subsidiary of the Brazilian bank Itaú Unibanco, founded in 1998 after the purchase of Banco del Buen Ayre. The entity had 99 bank branches and 140 ATMs throughout the country and more than 400,000 clients. On November 2, 2023, after the approval of the BCRA, the entity officially passed into the hands of Banco Macro and was renamed Macro BMA.

Banco Itaú

Banco Itaú S.A was a Brazilian bank, headquartered in São Paulo, in the state of the same name. Founded in 1945, in 2008 it merged with Unibanco, creating the banking conglomerate Itaú Unibanco.

Banco Itaú was founded in 1945 under the name Banco Central de Crédito; It later changed its name to Banco Federal de Crédito. In 1964, Banco Federal Itaú SA was formed as a result of the merger of Banco Federal de Crédito and Banco Itaú, a rural bank belonging to a group originating in Itaú de Minas, in the state of Minas Gerais. Already In the late 1960s, Banco Itaú acquired Banco Sul Americano (1966) and Banco da América (1969).

In the 1970s it merged with Banco Aliança de Rio de Janeiro (1973), Banco Português do Brasil (1974) and Banco União Comercial (1974). In 1979 it opened its first operations abroad with a representative office in New York City and a subsidiary in Buenos Aires.

Claude Rohla

Claude Rohla (9 November 1951 – 20 September 2011) was a Luxembourgian archer. Rohla competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Nelly Wies-Weyrich

Nelly Wies-Weyrich (10 May 1933 – 5 July 2019) was a Luxembourgian archer. Wies-Weyrich competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Areneo David

Areneo David (born 6 June 1995) is a Malawian competitive archer. David competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

1914-15 Austrian football championship

The 1914-15 Austrian football championship was the first season of the Austrian Bundesliga during the First World war. 

All football games were canceled in August 1914, including the autumn championship that had already been drawn. The team's players disappeared into the military troops. It was decided to hold the competition in just one round in the spring of 1915. The sporting value remains questionable. Some clubs were obviously able to "manage" to get their players back from the front in time of a match. Others (especially the Wiener Sport-Club) had almost all of their players in the war and played most of their games with youth teams.

Wiener AC won the title for the first time.

Piracicaba

Piracicaba ( or ) is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2022, 423,323 people lived here. Its area is 1,378.07 km².

The city is an important and traditional producer of sugarcane.

List of Lesotho Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Lesotho Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Lesotho after playing their first match against Eswatini on 16 October 2021.

Johann Kaps

Johann Kaps (25 September 1895 - 7 April 1966 ) was an Austrian football player . He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won the first title for WAC.

He also was a politician. In 1934 Kaps was arrested for political activity for the Social Democrats. He was interned in the Wöllersdorf detention camp for several months, where his teeth were also broken. From 1945 to 1964 he was member of the Vienna City Council.

Bangued

Bangued is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Abra. According to the 2020 census, 50,382 people lived there.

Santiago, Agusan del Norte

Santiago is a municipality in the province of Agusan del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 28,657 people lived there.

Cabadbaran

Cabadbaran is a city and "de jure" capital of the province of Agusan del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 80,354 people lived there.

Butuan

Butuan is a city in the Philippines. It is the "de facto" capital of the province of Agusan del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 372,910 people lived there.

Santiago, Ilocos Sur

Santiago, officially the Municipality of Santiago (; ), is a municipality in the province of Ilocos Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 19,471 people lived there.

Santiago has 24 barangays:

Dasmariñas

Dasmariñas is a city in the province of Cavite, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 703,141 people lived there.

Quezon

Quezon is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Calabarzon region. The capital is Lucena.

Quezon has 2 Cities and 39 Municipalities.

Cities


Municipalities (Towns)


Castel Bolognese

Castel Bolognese is a "comune" in the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Riolo Terme

Riolo Terme is a "comune" in the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. It is about southeast of Bologna and about southwest of Ravenna. The main attraction are the thermal baths.

Until 1957, it was known as Riolo dei Bagni (Riolo of the Baths).

Riolo Terme is next to these municipalities: Borgo Tossignano, Brisighella, Casola Valsenio, Castel Bolognese, Faenza and Imola. It has 5 hamlets ("frazioni"): Borgo Rivola, Cuffiano, Isola, Mazzolano and Torranello.

Riolo Terme is twinned with:


Brisighella

Brisighella is a "comune" in the province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in northeast Italy.

List of Kuwait Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Kuwait Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Kuwait after playing their first match in 2019.

Pencilmation

Pencilmation is an American animated comedy web series created by Ross Bollinger. It was originally a personal project in 2004, but gained popularity in 2009 after it was uploaded to YouTube. While it started out with him as the sole creator, he later recruited other people around the world to help produce the series. The premise is living doodles going about their lives, made more difficult by the Pencil that changes things up.

WAGR Ka class (diesel)

The WAGR Ka class were a total of 3 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1974 to 1995.

The Ka class resulted from fitting standard gauge bogies to Ra class locomotives mainly for service on the Coolgardie to Esperance line. Which due to large amounts of salt and nickel traffic was converted to standard gauge.

All Ra were withdrawn from 1990 to 1991, with one Ka class lasting in service until 1995. No. 211 is used as a testing unit at UGL Rail's Bassendean plant, while No. 212 was scrapped at Bellevue in 2016. No. 213 was converted back to an Ra class in 1985 (regaining the number 1918), and it is now displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 1)

The first series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! was broadcast on ITV from 25 August to 8 September 2002. Ant & Dec presented the main show on ITV, whilst Louise Loughman hosted the spin-off show "" on ITV2. The winner of this series was radio DJ Tony Blackburn.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (British series 2)

The second series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here! was broadcast on ITV from 28 April to 12 May 2003. Ant & Dec presented the main show on ITV, whilst Mark Durden-Smith and former contestant Tara Palmer-Tomkinson hosted the spin-off show "" on ITV2.

The series was sponsored by the energy drink V.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 18)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its eighteenth series on 18 November 2018 on ITV, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the Coming Out show in December 2017.

On 9 August 2018, Anthony McPartlin confirmed that he would not be presenting the then upcoming eighteenth series. On 29 August, it was confirmed that Holly Willoughby would host the eighteenth series with Declan Donnelly whilst McPartlin took a year long break from television. The series opener was watched by just over 14 million people, giving the show its highest rating since the third series in 2004. The show was watched by an average of 12.18 million people a night, making it the most watched series of the show ever.

The series ended on 9 December 2018 and was won by Harry Redknapp, who was crowned the next 'King of the Jungle', becoming the show's oldest winner and the first male winner since Carl Fogarty in 2014. Emily Atack finished as the runner-up.
As Long as You Love Me

"As Long as You Love Me" is a 1997 song by American boy band Backstreet Boys. It is from their US debut studio album and their second international studio album. It topped the single charts in Lithuania, New Zealand, Romania and Zimbabwe and made the top 5 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Honduras, Hungary, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The music video represents the Backstreet Boys performing an audition for six women.

Lifelong Connect

Lifelong Connect is a Nigerian start-up industry headquartered in Anambra State and was founded by Charles Ndukauba in 2022.

Lifelong Connect was established by Charles Ndukauba and incorporated in the year 2022.  In 2023, it is an app based tool that tracks the nutritional status of a body.

Lifelong Connect has expressed its goal of becoming the first African health technological company to solve neglected malnutrition problem.

Demons (Imagine Dragons song)

"Demons" is a 2013 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012). It went to the top 10 in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States.

2023 Iceland earthquakes

A lot of earthquakes started happening in the Reykjanes Peninsula in southeast Iceland on 24 October 2023. This was because hot molten rock called magma was moving beneath the ground in that area. The earthquakes became more frequent and powerful on November 10, with 20,000 tremors counted by November 10. The biggest one was stronger than magnitude 5.1. People were told to leave the town of Grindavík, which was close to where the ground was shaking a lot.

While earthquakes happen a lot in Iceland because the island is located where the Eurasian and North American tectonic plates meet, the recent group of earthquakes was noticed to be larger than usual. Since 2021, there have been three volcanic eruptions in the Reykjanes Peninsula.

The 2023 earthquakes is connected to a molten rock intrusion, estimated to be about 15 kilometers long, extending in a southwest direction from Kálfellsheiði. It follows the Sundhnúkur crater chain at a depth of approximately 800 meters. The largest quake started beneath the Sundhnúkur craters but then moved southwest, passing under Grindavik and reaching the sea. The town is located on lava that erupted from Sundhnúkur around 2,350 years ago. It is one of six communities on the peninsula situated on or near a crack where eruptions happened.

On October 13, the Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO", Icelandic: Veðurstofa Íslands") initially said there might be a magma intrusion near the active volcano Fagradalsfjall on the Reykjanes Peninsula. Before that, around 700 earthquakes were noted earlier in the month, with the biggest one measuring magnitude 3.3.

A bunch of earthquakes started on the evening of October 24 because of the hot molten rock moving underground. The earthquakes became less strong by October 30. Around 8,000 earthquakes were found, and most of them happened about 2 to 4 kilometers below the surface.

The largest earthquake had a magnitude of 5.1. The shaking ground got a lot of attention from global media. The Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO) said there's a high chance of an eruption, mentioning that it would take several days, not just hours, for the hot molten rock to reach the surface.

At 22:17 local time GMT on 18 December 2023, a volcanic eruption occurred at the Sundhnúkur volcano, north of the town of Grindavík, with lava spewing from fissures in the ground. The intensity of the eruption and accompanying earthquake activity decreased early on 19 December 2023, with lava seen spreading from both sides of the newly opened fissures. The eruption was described as the largest in the Reykjanes Peninsula since the beginning of the first volcanic eruption in 2021, with lava fountains, up to high, and was visible as far away as the capital Reykjavík, away. The eruption ended on 21 December 2023, after the Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO) said no lava was erupting after a flight over the volcano, but clarified that it was "too early to declare the eruption over." Sundhnúkur is a crater row and currently active volcanic fissure that is part of the Reykjanes Peninsula rift zone.

The people in charge of the Blue Lagoon said they are closing the place to visitors from November 9 to 16 as a safety measure after the earthquakes. There was fear when rocks from the earthquakes fell onto roads nearby, and 30 guests left the resort after a 4.8 tremor on the early morning of November 9.

After the 5.1 earthquake happened on November 10, a road north of Grindavík was harmed and then closed by the police. A big crack showed up on the land of the town's golf course. A state of emergency was announced, and evacuation plans for Grindavík were started that evening. The Icelandic civil protection authority sent the patrol boat Thor to the area for safety reasons. They also shut down all roads to Grindavik, except for emergencies and evacuations.

Sumit Arora

Sumit Arora is an Indian writer, screenwriter and director who primarily works in Hindi films and television. He has written for various TV shows, including Dill Mill Gayye (season 2) and 24. He also written dialogues for several films, such as Stree, 83 and Jawan. He won Star Screen Awards and Zee Cine Awards for Best Dialogue for Stree.

Sumit Arora started his career with television and wrote dialogues for many TV shows like Dill Mill Gayye, Chhoona Hai Aasmaan. He then ventured into films and web series, writing for Selection Day, The Family Man, Dahaad and Guns & Gulaabs. He has also penned dialogues for films like Stree, Ginny Weds Sunny, 83 and Jawan.
 

1984 anti-Sikh riots

The 1984 anti-Sikh riots, also known as the 1984 Sikh massacre, were a series of organised pogroms against Sikhs in India following the Assassination of Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards. Government estimates project that about 2,800 Sikhs were killed in and 3,350 nationwide, whilst other sources estimate the number of deaths at about 8,000–17,000.

Sullenberger Aviation Museum

The Sullenberger Aviation Museum formerly Carolinas Aviation Museum is a museum located in Charlotte, North Carolina. It holds some of the famous planes that flew. The most famous one was US Airways Flight 1549, AKA the Miracle on the Hudson River.

In 1991, Floyd and Lois P. Wilson founded the Carolinas Aviation Museum.

In 2010, The state of New York gave the museum the Plane that was Flight 1549.

Armand Duplantis

Armand Gustav "Mondo" Duplantis (born 10 November 1999) is a Swedish-American pole vaulter, the current world outdoor and indoor record holder ( and ), the current Olympic and two time World outdoor (2022 and 2023) and one-time indoor champion, the current European champion, and the current Diamond League champion. He won the silver medal at the 2019 World Championships. Duplantis is a two-time European champion from 2018, when he set current world under-20 record, and from 2022.

Information from World Athletics profile.

Garima Arora

Garima Arora is an Indian chef. In November 2018, she became the first Indian woman to win a Michelin star.

Arora grew up in Mumbai, and is of Punjabi Arora family. She initially pursued a career in journalism before becoming a chef.

In 2008, she left for France. She studied at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris and graduated in 2010. She worked with Chef Gaggan Anand, Gordon Ramsay and René Redzepi of Noma in Copenhagen before opening her own restaurant, "Gaa", in Bangkok in April 2017. "Gaa" is a three-storey restaurant that celebrates a modern tasting menu using traditional Indian techniques.

Rishab Chadha

Rishab Chadha is an Indian actor who often appears in Hindi films, shows on Indian television and web series. He is best known his roles in "Drishyam", "Khoobsurat", "Lupt" and "Aadat Se Majboor".

Rishab Chadha was born on 20 June 1994 in Mumbai, Maharashtra. He completed his schooling from Gopal Sharma Memorial School and graduated from R. D. National College, Bandra with a degree in BMM.


Nalinaksha Roy

Raja Nalinaksha Roy (6 June 1902 – 7 October 1951) was the 49th Raja of the Chakma Circle.

Roy married Rani Benita Roy (1905–1990) née Sen, the daughter of Barrister Saral Sen and granddaughter of "Brahmanand" Keshub Chandra Sen, a Bengali Hindu social reformer from Brahma Samaj. He was installed as Chakma Raja on 7 March 1935.

Jhonen Vasquez

Jhonen C. Vasquez (; born September 1, 1974) is an American cartoonist, animator, writer, producer, and director. He is best known for creating the comic book "Johnny the Homicidal Maniac"—along with its spin-off comics "Squee!", "Fillerbunny", and "I Feel Sick"—and the Nickelodeon animated series "Invader Zim".



Ganesh Venkatraman

Ganesh Venkatraman is an Indian actor who works in Tamil and Telugu movies. He had acted in Radha Mohan's "Abhiyum Naanum" (2008), before working in "Unnaipol Oruvan" (2009) and "Kandahar" (2010).

Rahul Yadav (cricketer)

Rahul Yadav (born 15 January 1989) is an Indian cricketer. He plays first-class cricket for Delhi. He was also member of Kolkata Knight Riders in IPL 2009


Bayou Corne, Louisiana

Bayou Corne is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ramanathaswamy Temple

Ramanathaswamy Temple ("Rāmanātasvāmi Kōyil") is a Hindu temple dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva located on Rameswaram island in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is also one of the twelve Jyotirlinga temples. It is one of the 275 Paadal Petra Sthalams, where Nayanars (Saivite saints), Appar, Sundarar and Tirugnana Sambandar, have glorified the temple with their songs. The temple was expanded during the 12th century by the Pandya Dynasty, and its principal shrine’s sanctum was renovated by Jeyaveera Cinkaiariyan and his successor Gunaveera Cinkaiariyan.

The temple priests are Marathi Brahmins of Maharashtra who get "Diksha" from Sringeri Mutt. A shortage of priests has been reported in recent years as there are only five priests to manage the 13 shrines within the temple. The shortage is more pronounced during the 12-day Maha Shivaratri festival when the festival deities of the temple are taken in procession.


Jean-François Delacroix

Jean-François de Lacroix was a French politician and member of the Committee of Public Safety. He was known as "Lacroix of Eure-et-Loir" and was guillotined in 1794. He was the 2nd President of the National Convention.

Versailles, Missouri

Versailles is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Morgan County.

Waynesville, Missouri

Waynesville is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Pulaski County.

Askold and Dir

Askold and Dir were supposed to have been rulers of Kiev, in the 9th century. They are mentioned in a text from c. 1113.

Al-Masudi (d. 956), a historian, wrote that "king al-Dir [Dayr] was the first among the kings of the "Slavs"". The historian's works, has made (other) historians think that Dir ruled after Askold, mainly in the 870—880s; Furthermore, when Prince Oleg's soldier went into Kyiv, then Dir was killed; Askold had died earlier.

Republican National Convention

The Republican National Convention (RNC) is a series of presidential nominating conventions held every four years since 1856 by the Republican Party in the United States. They are ran by the Republican National Committee. The goal of the convention is to officially nominate and confirm a candidate for president and vice president and approve a party platform.

Delegates from all fifty U.S. states and from American territories, including Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, attend the convention and cast their votes.

Richland, Missouri

Richland is a city in Camden, Laclede and Pulaski counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Laurie, Missouri

Laurie is a village in Camden and Morgan counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Stoutland, Missouri

Stoutland is a village in Camden and Laclede counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Sunrise Beach, Missouri

Sunrise Beach is a village in Camden and Morgan counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Village of Four Seasons, Missouri

Village of Four Seasons is a village in Camden County, Missouri, United States.

Scott City, Missouri

Scott City is a city in Cape Girardeau and Scott counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Allenville, Missouri

Allenville is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Gordonville, Missouri

Gordonville is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Oak Ridge, Missouri

Oak Ridge is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Old Appleton, Missouri

Old Appleton is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Pocahontas, Missouri

Pocahontas is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Whitewater, Missouri

Whitewater is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Tina, Missouri

Tina is a village in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.

Jerico Springs, Missouri

Jerico Springs is a village in Cedar County, Missouri, United States.

Umber View Heights, Missouri

Umber View Heights is a village in Cedar County, Missouri, United States.

Dalton, Missouri

Dalton is a village in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Rothville, Missouri

Rothville is a village in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Jarnac

Jarnac is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente department in southwest France.

It is the birthplace and resting place of François Mitterrand, President of France (1981–1995).

Jarnac is on the river Charente.

In 1569, it was the site of the Battle of Jarnac.

Daet

Daet is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Camarines Norte. According to the 2020 census, 111,700 people lived there.

Mercedes, Camarines Norte

Mercedes is a municipality in the province of Camarines Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 55,334 people lived there.

Sorsogon City

Sorsogon City is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Sorsogon. According to the 2020 census, 182,237 people lived there.

Shapewear

Shapewear is the name for special clothes that form the human body so that it is closer to some beauty standard. Most of the time it is underwear. People often wear it as their main clothing. These clothes are also known as foundation garments or shaping underwear. Originally, shapewear was developed for plus-size models, but now it is also available in other sizes.

Wolford

Wolford is a company specializing in clothing, tights, bodysuits and underwear. It also sells women's accessories. Its headquarters are in Bregenz, on Lake Constance. The company was founded in 1950. 

Wolford is also known for its cooperation with well-known photographers, who produce its advertising materials. It has also cooperated with well-known fashion designers such as Karl Lagerfeld or Vivienne Westwood. 

Sandra Kim

Sandra Caldarone (born 15 October 1972), better known as Sandra Kim, is a Belgian-Italian singer. She won the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, representing Belgium with the song "J'aime la vie". She was 13 years old at the time of her win, making her the youngest ever Eurovision winner.

She has made television appearances as a contestant on the Belgian "Masked Singer" and a judge on "Drag Race Belgium."

Bucks Fizz

Bucks Fizz were an English pop group who were popular during the 1980s. They became famous after they represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, winning with the song "Making Your Mind Up".

The members of the group have changed several times. The original members were Bobby G, Mike Nolan, Cheryl Baker and Jay Aston.

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2021)

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 10, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first St. Patrick's Day Slam event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Thunder Rosa defeated Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. in a Unsanctioned Lights Out match. Rosa would hit Baker with a "Fire Thunder Driver" through the table to get the victory. It was very well recieved and was also the very first time that women had headlined an event in AEW.

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2022)

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 16, 2022 at the Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. The event aired as special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second St. Patrick's Day Slam event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Thunder Rosa defeated Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. in a Steel Cage match to become the new AEW Women's World Champion. Rosa would hit Baker with the "Thunder Driver Slam" and get the pinfall victory to become the new champion in her adoptive hometown of San Antonio. 

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2023)

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 15, 2023 at the Canada Life Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The event aired as special episode of "Rampage" on March 17, 2023. It was the third St. Patrick's Day Slam event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Daniel Garcia defeat Brody King. Garcia would end up distracting the referee and Jericho hit King with a baseball bat. Garcia would then put King in a modified version of the Dragon Sleeper and got the victory by technical knockout. 

Akmal Nor Hasrin

Muhammad Akmal bin Nor Hasrin (born 15 July 1995) is a Malaysian archer. Nor Hasrin competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Cheng Chu Sian

Cheng Chu Sian (born 1 March 1986) is an archer from Malaysia. Chu Sian competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Winter Is Coming (2020)

Winter Is Coming (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 2, 2020 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Winter Is Coming event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Kenny Omega defeat Jon Moxley to become the new AEW World Champion. During the match, Omega would turn heel after Don Callis got up from the commentary booth and distracted Jon Moxley. When Moxley turned around, Omega would end up hiting him in the head with a microphone and getting the pinfall victory to become the new champion.

The event also saw the AEW debut of Sting. Sting came out after Darby Allin's match and saved him from a beatdown by Team Taz. Sting was announced to have signed a multi-year contract with All Elite Wrestling afterwards.

Winter Is Coming (2021)

Winter Is Coming (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 15, 2021 at Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second Winter Is Coming event to take place.

The main event of the show saw MJF defeated Dante Martin to win the AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring. MJF would put Martin in his "Salt of the Earth" armbar and make Martin tap out to win the match and the AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring for the third year in a row.

The opening match between "Hangman" Adam Page and Bryan Danielson would go to a one-hour time limit draw. The match would recieved praise from fans and critics and Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" would give the match 5 out of 5 stars.

London Missionary Society

The London Missionary Society was an evangelical missionary society formed in England in 1795 prompted by Welsh Congregationalist minister Edward Williams.

Winter Is Coming (2022)

Winter Is Coming (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 14, 2022 at Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the third Winter Is Coming event to take place.

The main event of the show saw MJF defeat Ricky Starks in a Winner Takes All match for both MJF's AEW World Championship and Starks's AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring. MJF would pull the referee in front of him and then shove the referee away. MJF would then kick Starks in the groin when the referee's back was turned and get the pinfall victory to retain his AEW World Championship and get Starks's AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring.

Paignton

Paignton ( ) is a town in Devon, England. It is on the coast of Tor Bay. Together with Torquay and Brixham, it forms the borough of Torbay. The borough was created in 1968. The Torbay area is a holiday destination. It is called the English Riviera. Paignton began as a Celtic settlement. It was first mentioned in 1086. The town grew as a small fishing village. A harbour was built in 1847. A railway line was opened to passengers in 1859. This created links to Torquay and London. As more people started to live there, it joined with the villages of Goodrington and Preston. Paignton is about north east of Plymouth and south of Exeter.

Karl Heinlein

Karl Heinlein (25 April 1892 - 2 May 1960 ) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played for Wiener AC as midfielder. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won in the 1914-15 season the Austrian championship for WAC.
He made his national team debut on 26 December 1917 in in Zurich against Switzerland. His second international match was on 6 April 1919 in Budapest under Hugo Meisl against Hungary.
Heinlein coached CE Europa in Barcelona, ​​Hakoah Vienna and then from 1929 to 1931 Holstein Kiel. He then signed with FSV Frankfurt. Later he worked for Hassia Bingen and then, FC Luzern, Wacker Wien and FC Nancy. After the Second World war he coached Floridsdorfer AC

WAGR L class (diesel)

The WAGR L class were a total of 27 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1967 to 2000.

The L class were built from 1967 to 1973 by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales and Eagle Farm, Brisbane, Queensland as well as Commonwealth Engineering of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland. They were introduced onto the Eastern Goldfields Railway, and at the time were the largest locomotive operated by a government railway system.

The L class initially served on iron ore traffic from Koolyanobbing to Kwinana. They also ran the "Indian Pacific", however after discovering the damage the class posed to the track at higher speeds, they were promptly removed from passenger trains altogether. Withdrawals began in 1997, with multiple being sold off until 2000 when Westrail itself was sold off. 8 L class have been scrapped with 15 withdrawn, and 3 remaining in service.

Two-party-preferred vote

Two-party preferred vote is a system of electing someone for a political office. It is mainly used in Australia. The idea is that there at some stage in the voting process, there are two candidates. If there are more than two candidates, all except the best two will be eliminated. Their votes will be distributed on those of the remaining two candidates.

WAGR Lw class (diesel)

The WAGR Lw class was a single diesel-electric locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1994 to 1997/8.

The Lw was the result of Comalco selling their R class No. 1002 to Westrail in 1994, it was renumbered 276 and reclassified as Lw, due to differing from the standard L class. Around 1997 it was sold off initially to be used for spare parts.

Currently, the locomotive is numbered LZ3120 under Aurizon, who after withdrawing it, reactivated it in 2021 for grain traffic in New South Wales. It returned back to Western Australia in late 2022.

Tunnel of Love (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Tunnel of Love" is a 1987 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his eighth studio album "Tunnel of Love". It went to number 9 in the United States, number 45 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Canada, number 22 in Ireland, number 48 in New Zealand and number 39 in the Netherlands.

ZooMontana

ZooMontana is a zoo located in Billings, Montana, United States and is Montana's only zoo and botanical garden. It currently has nearly 100 animals, representing 58 species. These animals all live in habitats designed to imitate their natural habitats.
The zoo was established in 1992 as a nonprofit organization. It focuses on year-round wildlife native to Montana, the Rocky Mountains, and other cold temperature regions at or above the 45th parallel. Indoor habitats include animals from around the world. The zoo gets over 80,000 visitors per year.


Karaganda

Karaganda or Qaraghandy is a city in Kazakhstan, the center of the Karaganda Region. It has a population of 515,819 people (as of 2023).

Karaganda is now one of Kazakhstan's biggest centers for industry, economy, science, and culture.

The place was founded in 1856 as a copper mining village. In the 1930s, construction of the city of Karaganda started due to the development of coal nearby. On February 10, 1934, Karaganda became a city.
In 1984, in the year when Karaganda became 50 years old, the government awarded the city the Order of the Red Banner of Labour ().

Karaganda, like all of Central Kazakhstan, has a continental climate. This means that the winters here are very cold and the summers are very hot. The city's average annual temperature is 3.6 °C (38.4 °F). 

Sanction

A sanction is usually a restriction imposed by law or political power. The word is ambiguous. 

Sanctions can be agreed by international organisations, but are more commonly unilateral sanctions that are imposed by individual countries. They may affect a whole country or just individuals or groups of people. There is no real agreement on whether sanctions work.

The term sanction does not include military force.

The same word can be used for restrictions imposed by the courts.

Swing (politics)

When people talk about elections, or votes, they use the term swing, to say how much a result changed, compared to the last vote or election. Very often, a swing is done based on the party, and not the candidate. The candidates of a party may change between elections. Usually, the results are published as graphics, to say so many voters that used to elect a candidate from one party now pick a candidate from another. 

When electing an US president, there are states, that only have a few votes, but where these few votes often change the result. These are known as swing states.

Undecene

Undecene is an alkene with a molecular formula. The prefix "Undec" is derived from the fact that there are 11(eleven) carbon atoms in the molecule, while the "-ene" suffix denotes that there is an alkene present—two carbon atoms are connected via a double bond. It is the tenth member of the homologous series of alkenes.

Charter township

A charter township is a type of local government in the U.S. state of Michigan. Townships in Michigan are organized governments. A charter township has been granted a charter, which allows it certain abilities of home rule that are usually between those of a city (a semi-autonomous jurisdiction in Michigan) and a village. Unless it is a home-rule village, a village is subject to the authority of any township in which it is located.

Kristian Kostov

Kristian Konstantinov Kostov (born 15 March 2000) is a Bulgarian-Kazakh singer born in Moscow. He has taken part in several competitions including "The Voice Kids Russia", "X Factor Bulgaria" and the Eurovision Song Contest 2017, where represented Bulgaria with the song "Beautiful Mess", finishing in second place.

Holland Charter Township, Michigan

Holland Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 38,276 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Spring Lake, Michigan

Spring Lake is a village in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States.

Jamestown Charter Township, Michigan

Jamestown Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 9,630 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Silver City (1951 movie)

Silver City is a 1951 American Western movie directed by Byron Haskin and starring Edmond O'Brien, Yvonne De Carlo, Barry Fitzgerald. It was adapted from the 1947 novel "High Vermilion" by Luke Short and was released under that title in the UK. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Other People's Children

Other People's Children ( translit. "Skhvisi shvilebi", ) is a 1958 Georgian black-and-white drama movie directed by Tengiz Abuladze and starring Tsitsino Tsitsishvili, Otar Koberidze, Asmat Qandaurashvili.

Yucca Valley, California

Yucca Valley is a town in San Bernardino County, California. 20,700 people lived here at the 2010 census. It is bordered to the south by the Joshua Tree National Park and to the west by the San Bernardino Mountains.

Bafatá

Bafatá is a town in central Guinea-Bissau. It is the capital of Bafatá Region. In 2008, 22,501 people lived there.

The town is known as the birthplace of Amílcar Cabral. It is noted for its brickmaking.

Gabú

Gabú is a city in eastern Guinea-Bissau. It is capital of the Gabu Region.

La Seu d'Urgell

La Seu d'Urgell is a city in the north of Catalonia, close to Andorra. About 13.000 people live there. The city has a long history, and at times was the seat of a bishop. It was founded by the Romans as Orgelia about 180 BC.

Valkeala

Valkeala is a former municipality in Kymenlaakso, Finland. In 2003, 11,238 people lived there. It has an area of 1,004.40 km². In 2009, the six municipalities Anjalankoski, Elimäki, Jaala, Kouvola, Kuusankoski and Valkeala were merged to form the city of Kouvola.

Valkeala is known for Repovesi National Park.

Otjiwarongo

Otjiwarongo () is a city in Namibia. It is the district capital of the Otjiwarongo electoral constituency and also the capital of the Otjozondjupa Region. About 28,000 people live there.

Valuyki, Belgorod Oblast

Valuyki () is a town in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 35,322 people lived there.

Grayvoron

Grayvoron () is a town in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 6,234 people lived there.

Neftegorsk, Samara Oblast

Neftegorsk () is a town in Samara Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 19,254 people lived there.

Novokuybyshevsk

Novokuybyshevsk () is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 108,438 people lived there.

Siege of Erzurum

Siege of Erzurum was a campaign siege initiated by Enver Pasha.

On March 12, Kazim Karabekir who was in charge of the eastern front appeared in front of Erzurum with his army and began the siege, due to lack of food and Andranik could not exploit these guerrilla capabilities the Armenians were forced to retreat. withdraw from Erzurum, this is how the Turks re-occupied Erzurum after 2 years of Russian occupation.

Pseudophilautus auratus

Pseudophilautus auratus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in forests where the branches of the trees meet and look like a roof. It lives in Sinharaja World Heritage Site and Kanneliya Forest. People have seen it between 513 and 1270 meters above sea level.

Bassano del Grappa

Bassano del Grappa ( or "Bassan") is an Italian city in Veneto. It is in the Province of Vicenza. About 43,500 people live there. There are many distilleries of Grappa in and around the city. The name of the city is unrelated to the spirit though. A local mountain nearby is called Monte Grappa. The place name can be rougly translated as "plains of (Mount) Grappa". 

During the First World War, there were many battles there. In the 1930s, Fascists under Mussolini built the Sacrario Militare del Monte Grappa, to honor those who fought in the war, and didn't survive. The Battle of Vittorio Veneto was fought there. Today, Monte Grappa it is a well-known spot for paragliders. 

Painter Jacopo Bassano was born and died in Bassano del Grappa.

Noventa Vicentina

Noventa Vicentina is a "comune" in the Province of Vicenza in the Veneto region in Italy.

Sanu Sharma

Sanu Sharma is a writer from Nepal who lives in Australia. She writes novels and short stories in the Nepali language. She's written seven novels and a collection of short stories.
Sanu Sharma was born in Kathmandu, Nepal, and grew up in both Kathmandu and Terai.
Sanu Sharma published her first novel, 'Ardhaviram,' in 2003, and her second, 'Jeetko Paribhasha,' in 2010. Her third novel, 'Artha,' came out in 2011.

In 2017, she published her fourth novel, 'Biplavi,' and in 2018, her fifth book, 'Ekadeshmaa,' a collection of short stories. This book got a lot of attention and was nominated for a big Nepali literary award called the Madan Puraskar. After the success of 'Ekadeshmaa,' she wrote 'Utsarga' in 2021 and 'Pharak' in 2022. In 2023, her seventh novel, 'Tee Saat Din,' was published.

Sanu Sharma is also a poet, lyricist, and writes Ghazals. Her work has been featured in various publications and translated into other languages.

Novels

Short story collection

Collaborative collection of Ghazals


 

Misamis Occidental

Misamis Occidental is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Northern Mindanao region. The capital is Oroquieta.

Lanao del Norte

Lanao del Norte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Northern Mindanao region. The capital is Tubod.

Nabunturan

Nabunturan is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao de Oro. According to the 2020 census, 84,340 people lived there.

Crossodactylus schmidti

Schmidt's spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus schmidti") is a frog. It lives in Argentina, Paraguay, and Brazil. People have seen it between 300 and 750 meters above sea level.

Zhenya Savicheva

Yevgenia Savicheva (1909 – 28 December 1941), known as Zhenya Savicheva, was a Soviet woman who was the elder sister to Tanya Savicheva, a Soviet girl who kept a diary during the besieged Leningrad.

Zhenya Savicheva was born in 1909, the eldest of five children. She was the daughter of Nikolai Rodionovich Savichev (father) and Mariya Ignatievna Savicheva (née Fedorova) (mother).
Leningrad was besieged by the Germans on 8 September 1941 during the German invasion of the Soviet Union (which started on 22 June 1941). Zhenya Savicheva and her family were one of many families who lived in Leningrad, and who continued to live there when it was besieged by the Germans. 

In December 1941, Zhenya Savicheva walked almost seven kilometres to her workplace, every day. She worked in a factory which made weapons used to fight the Germans. She would work tirelessly at her workplace from morning to evening. Then, after she left work, she would donate her blood to injured Soviet Red Army soldiers. She continued this every day. On the morning hours of 28 December 1941, Zhenya left to walk to work, but never came back home. Her sister Nina went outside to walk to Zhenya's workplace and look for her, and discovered her lying collapsed. Zhenya died that same day. Zhenya's body was later buried in a nearby cemetery.

List of Presidents of the National Convention

Historians generally divide the Convention's activities into three periods,radical, and reaction, and the policies of presidents of the Convention reflect these distinctions. During the radical and reaction phases, some of the presidents were executed, most by guillotine, committed suicide


Timmy Turner (character)

Timmy Turner is a fictional character and the protagonist of the children’s television show The Fairly OddParents.

Timmy Turner was created by Butch Hartman for the Oh Yeah! Cartoons in which Timmy is a 10 year old boy with an evil babysitter named Vicky and gets fairy godparents. Timmy was played by Mary Kay Bergman. 

In the show Timmy is played by Tara Strong. In the episode Switch Glitch, Timmy wishes he were Vicky’s babysitter to get revenge and makes her so sad that she needs fairies more than Timmy needs them so she gets Timmy’s fairies. Vicky then tries to kill Timmy so he tricks her into saying “I’m happy and I don’t need my fairy godparents anymore” so he can get his fairies back. Timmy realizes he only got his fairies because of Vicky. 

After Timmy wishes it were Christmas every day, all the other Holiday Spirits try to kill Santa Claus so Timmy saves him. When the girl Timmy likes, Trixie Tang, says no to him on Valentine's Day, Timmy wishes for a world without girls and accidentally destroys love. When Timmy doesn’t like anyone’s costumes on Halloween, Timmy wishes everyone’s costumes were “real and scary”. When Timmy emails Trixie an embarrassing love letter, he goes into the Internet to get it back. Timmy also finds out that every fairy has an evil Doppelgänger called an Anti-Fairy. 

After Timmy keeps his fairies a secret for an entire year, he gets a magic muffin and Abra-Catastrophe! happens. When Timmy wants to know why his teacher Crocker is evil, he goes back in time to 1972 and finds out that Cosmo and Wanda were once Crocker’s fairies. Then Timmy accidentally tells everyone that Crocker has fairies, so Cosmo and Wanda have to leave Crocker forever. 

After Timmy’s parents don’t let him watch television and still leave Timmy with Vicky, Timmy decides to run away and live in television shows. Timmy also finds a magic lamp and meets a genie named Norm. When summer starts, Timmy wishes that kids rule the world. 

Timmy Turner is in the Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour

When Timmy is mean to his fairies, they quit their job so there’s a singing contest to figure out who should replace them. 

When Timmy finds out that his fairies want kids but aren’t allowed to have any, Timmy wishes for them to have a baby, so he gets a fairy godbrother named Poof. 

The sixth season ended with three episodes (one after the other) called Wishology: The Big Beginning, Wishology: The Exciting Middle Part and Wishology: The Final Ending. In the Wishology trilogy, Timmy is mistaken for the Chosen One and has to save the Universe. 

Poof gets an evil Anti-Fairy named Foop who becomes Timmy’s worst enemy

Timmy gets in trouble because he secretly wished for everyone to stop getting older so he could keep his fairies forever instead of growing up. And Timmy did that “40 years ago” meaning that he was 50 for the entire show. Timmy loses his fairies because of this but then tries to get them back. 

Timmy wishes that he had a dog so he gets a magic talking dog named Sparky. 

Since there aren’t enough fairies for every kid who needs fairy godparents to have them, Timmy has to share his fairies with a girl named Chloe Carmichael. 

Timmy is in the animated short film Fairly Odd Phantom used as a commercial for Bunsen is a Beast. Timmy was also in the comic book based on it, where Timmy, Danny Phantom, Dudley Puppy and Bunsen have to rescue Butch Hartman after Hartman gets kidnapped. 

Timmy was in the Bunsen is a Beast episode Fairly Odd Bunsen which was a crossover with the Fairly OddParents 

Timmy Turner was played by Drake Bell in the live action movie and its sequels A Fairly Odd Christmas and a Fairly Odd Summer. 

In the live action show Fairly Odder, Timmy Turner is an adult played by Caleb Pierce. In it Timmy gives his fairies to his 13 year old cousin Vivian Turner. 

François Buzot

François Nicolas Léonard Buzot (1 March 1760 in Évreux – 24 June 1794 in Saint-Émilion) was a French politician and leader of the French Revolution. He suicide together with fellow-Girondin Jérôme Pétion de Villeneuve.

IETF language tag

An IETF language tag is a standardized code for a language. These codes also allow to specify language variants and other information. That way, it is possible to say that what is wanted is German, as it is spoken in Austria. The languages themselves usually have codes that are two or three letters long. Certain languages can use more than one writing system: Serbian language can be written with the Cyrillic script, there is a version that uses Latin script, and there is a version that uses Braille script.


List of Back at the Barnyard episodes

The follow is a list of the episodes of the Nicktoon Back at the Barnyard.
In March 2008, Nick renewed "Back at the Barnyard" for a second season of 20 episodes and two holiday themed specials. The new season premiered on October 24, 2008, part of "Some Like It Snotty Week", which became the first 30-minute episode called, "Some Like it Snotty". A brand new Barnyard movie aired on November 29, 2008, which is the third day of the second "Super Stuffed Nicktoons Weekend". Four new episodes aired from January 20-23, 2009 part of "Battle of the Barnyard Week". Five more new episodes aired from February 23-27, 2009 part of "Animal Invasion" week, followed by five new episodes aired from May 18-22, 2009 part of an "Barnyard Bizarro Week". Another quintet new episodes aired June 29 - July 3, 2009 part of "Battle of the Barnyard 2 week".

Parmar (Jat clan)

Parmar is Jat clan of Punjab and Haryana in india. Their population is mainly found in Delhi, Rajasthan, Uttara Pradesh and Punjab.

Parmar (Rajput clan)

Parmar are one of the four Agnivanshi Clans of the Rajputs. They are said to have been born out of a Sacrificial Fire-pit.

The name Parmar means ‘one that strikes the enemy’, from Sanskrit "para" meaning ‘enemy’ + "mara" meaning ‘strike’.
There are numerous variants of the name, including Pramar, Pavar, Powar, Pawar, Panwar, and Ponwar.

Nan Tien Institute

Nan Tien Institute (NTI) is a private school for higher education about Buddhism Wollongong, Australia.

Nan Tien Institute was established in 2011. NTI teaches about Buddhism, health, and wellbeing in a way that includes quiet and thoughtful learning. The school offers advanced courses in Buddhist Studies, Health and Social Wellbeing, Humanistic Buddhism, and Mental Health. It also has special programs for ongoing professional learning and other interesting courses about meditation, mindfulness, and health. NTI started in 2015 and is near the Nan Tien Temple, across the Princes Motorway. In 2018, a bridge for walking was built to connect the university and the temple.


Kushan

Kushan, or Kushana, is a major (gotra) clan of the Gurjar community of India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. In some regions, especially Punjab and Kashmir, they are also known as Kasana Gujjars. They onceestablished and ruled in the Kushan Empire, from the 1st century CE until 375 CE. They practisefollow a variety of religions, including Hinduism, Sikhism, Jainism, and Islam.

According to Kulbhushan Warikoo, some Huns claim to be descended from the Yuechi or Kushans. The Kushan and Hun were unquestionably Kshatriya Gujjars. Both of these clans are only found among the Gurjars of Central and South Asia.

The Kushan Gujars, claimed to be the descendants of Raja Kans, Lord Krishna's maternal uncle, swear by lightning and do not own any bronze utensils. This legend is about the creation of the world.

The Kushan Gurjars further claim to have originated from Kush, the younger son of Sri Raam Chanderji. One of the younger son of the Lord Rama mentioned in Hindu epic Ramayana.

They are historically also known by various variation including, Kushana, Kushan, Kusane, Gusano,Koshano, Kusana.

Kasana (कसाणा) derived from Kushan(कुषाण) also known as kushane(कुसाणे) are a Gujjar clan of Agnivanshi kshatriya lineage. The word Kasana is also use as their clan name d by Muslim and SikG gujjars.

According to General Cunningham the former head of Archeological survey of India that, the Korso' and 'Kushan' written on the coins of Kushan king Kanishk is same as Gorsi and Kusane (Kushan) clans of the Gujjar ethnic community of India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.

According to Vidhya Prakash Tyagi, the Kushan, a sub-caste of the Gujjars, were a native family in Peshawar, which is why Kanishk spared Patna's Ruler Subahu Nagar. The family was known as Devaputra, which means "Aryan," and was part of the Kushan Gujjar tribe.

The word Gusur is referenced in Kushan King Kanishka's Rabatak inscription. According to some academics, the word gusur, which signifies "Kulputra" or "man or woman born into a high family," stands for "Gujjar" (Gurjaras) in this inscription. Even today, the Gurjars of Central Asia are referred to as Gusur (Gujur).

Many historians and scholars believed that the Kushan Empire and prominent emperor of the Kushana empire Kanishka Belonged to Kushana clan of the Gujjars.

The believer of the myth, that Gurjars are foreigners, like Sir James Campbell, General Crook, Colonel Todd, Mr. forbs, Dr. Bhagwan Lal Inder Ji and all other has agree that present Kasana gotra of Gurjars are successors of great Kushans.

They live in Pakistani provinces of west Punjab, Sindh, Balochistan, Khyber pakhtunKhwa, Azad Kashmir, and Gilgit-Baltistan. They also live in some provinces of Afghanistan including Kabul, Nuristan and Kandhahar. While in Indian states including the Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, east Punjab, Uttarakhand and Delhi.

They speak a variety of languages within their local regions, but in Jammu and Kashmir, Khayber PakhtunKhwa, Azad kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Himachal Pradesh, Utrakhand, and Afghanistan, they speak their mother tongue Gujari language.

Marguerite-Élie Guadet

Marguerite-Élie Guadet 20 July 1758 – 19 June 1794) was a French political figure of the Revolutionary period. And president of the National Convention

WrestleDream (2023)

WrestleDream (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on October 1, 2023 at the Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle, Washington. It was the first WrestleDream event to take place. The event was held as a tribute show for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) founder Antonio Inoki on the one-year anniversary of his death.

The main event of the show saw Christian Cage (c) defeat Darby Allin in a two out of three falls match to retain his AEW TNT Championship.

During match three, Christian ended up spearing the referee. He would pick up his TNT Championship and go to hit Allin with it but had the title taken away by Nick Wayne. Wayne would then hit Allin with the title himself and turn heel. Christian would then get the pinfall victory on Allin for his second fall.

The event would also be notable for the debut of Adam Copeland, also know as Edge for his 25 years in the WWE. He would rescue Sting from a beatdown from Christian Cage, Nick Wayne, and Luchasaurus. In the post-event media scrum, it was announced by AEW owner Tony Khan that Copeland had signed a contract to compete full-time with All Elite Wrestling.

AEW The First Dance

AEW Rampage: The First Dance was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 20, 2021 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. The event aired as special episode of "Rampage". The name of the event is a reference to 2020 Netflix documentary "The Last Dance" about Michael Jordan and the 1997–98 Chicago Bulls season. The event would also take place in the Bull's home arena.

The main event of the show saw Jon Moxley defeat Daniel Garcia. Moxley would counter Garcia's sharpshooter into his "Bulldog Choke". Garcia would tap out and Moxley would get the victory.

The event is best known for CM Punk making his debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). This was also Punk's return to professional wrestling since his retirement after walking out of WWE's 2014 Royal Rumble.

Democratic National Convention

The Democratic National Convention (DNC) is a series of presidential nominating conventions held every four years since 1856 by the Democratic Party in the United States. The convention is ran by the Democratic National Committee. The goal of the convention is to officially nominate and confirm a candidate for president and vice president and approve a party platform.

Delegates from all fifty U.S. states and from American territories, including Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, attend the convention and cast their votes.


Queensland rugby league team

The Queensland rugby league team, nicknamed the Maroons, represents Queensland in rugby league. The team plays against New South Wales in the State of Origin series, which happens every year.

Below is the current squad as of the 2023 State of Origin series.

Australia national rugby league team

The Australia national rugby league team, nicknamed the Kangaroos, represents Australia in international rugby league. Australia has the most successful international rugby league team in the world, having won the Rugby League World Cup 12 times, having reached the final in 16 of the 17 World Cups (only failing to reach the final at the first World Cup in 1954).

The Kangaroos ranked first in the IRL Men's World Rankings and have a win percentage of 69% and a win percentage of at least 50% against every team they have ever played. Only six teams have ever beaten the Kangaroos.

The Australian Kangaroos squad for the 2023 Pacific Championships. The squad was announced on 3 October with updates on 4 October and 6 October 2023. <br>
Statistics in this table are compiled from the website, Rugby League Project and are up to 5 November 2023, including the Final of the 2023 Pacific Championships. Jersey numbers are those used in that Final.
From 1908 to 1967, the Kangaroos performed an Indigenous war cry before their games (like how New Zealand sports teams perform the Māori haka before they play). The war cry was performed by the Aboriginal team for the first time in over 40 years in 2008 before a match against the New Zealand Māori. It is believed that the war cry is based on an Indigenous chant from Stradbroke Island in Queensland.


Ciudad Habana Airport

Ciudad Habana Airport also sometimes called Jose Marti Airport or simply Havana Airport is Cuba's main airport and the main hub for Cubana de Aviación, Cuba's flag airline. The airport opened its doors in the year 1930 and it ia considered one of the most important airports in the Caribbean.

Australia women's national rugby league team

The Australia women's national rugby league team, nicknamed the Jilaroos, represents Australia in international women's rugby league.

New Zealand national rugby league team

The New Zealand national rugby league team (), nicknamed the Kiwis, represents New Zealand in international rugby league.

The New Zealand national team squad selected for the 2023 Pacific Championships. <br>
Statistics in the table are drawn from the website, Rugby League Project and include the Final on 4 November 2023. <br>
The Kiwis used the same 17 players for all three matches in the tournament, with Naufahu Whyte an unused 18th player in each match. Danny Levi, Wiremu Greig, and Keano Kini were not used, although they did play for New Zealand A against Tonga A on 21 October 2023.

Notes

New Zealand women's national rugby league team

The New Zealand women's national rugby league team, nicknamed the Kiwi Ferns, represents New Zealand in international women's rugby league.

State of Origin series

The State of Origin series is a best-of-three rugby league series held every year in Australia. It is between two teams: New South Wales (nicknamed the "Blues") and Queensland (nicknamed the "Maroons").

The State of Origin is widely regarded as Australia's greatest sporting rivalry of all time, and is one of the biggest sporting events in Australia. Even compared to international competitions, the series is considered one of the most important rugby league competitions in the world.

The State of Origin itself is a men's series, but there is also a Women's State of Origin. In both the men's and the women's series, Queensland is the most successful side, having won both series more times than New South Wales has.

Even though the State of Origin is between New South Wales and Queensland, in each series at least one game is played outside those states. In New South Wales, matches have been played in only one city (Sydney), while in Queensland they have been played in three (Brisbane, the Gold Coast and Townsville). Outside those states, three other states have hosted matches: Victoria (Melbourne), Western Australia (Perth) and South Australia (Adelaide); plus one match has been played in the United States (in Long Beach, California). On television, the series is televised in 91 countries, but is most popular in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.

New South Wales rugby league team

The New South Wales rugby league team, nicknamed the Blues, represents New South Wales in rugby league. It plays against Queensland in the State of Origin series every year.

Women's State of Origin

The Women's State of Origin is a women's rugby league series held every year in Australia. It is played between two teams: New South Wales (nicknamed the "Blues") and Queensland (nicknamed the "Maroons"), with the Maroons being by far more successful. It is the women's equivalent of the State of Origin series.

Unlike the men's series, until 2023, the Women's State of Origin was a one-off game. In 2023, it became a series.

Matches in the Women's State of Origin have been played in five cities in Queensland (Brisbane, the Gold Coast, Gympie, the Sunshine Coast and Townsville) and two cities in New South Wales (Sydney and Wollongong), plus one match has been played in the Australian Capital Territory (Canberra).

Queensland women's rugby league team

The Queensland women's rugby league team, nicknamed the Maroons (formerly the Brolgas), represents Queensland in women's rugby league. Every year, Queensland plays against New South Wales in the Women's State of Origin.

New South Wales women's rugby league team

The New South Wales women's rugby league team, nicknamed the Blues, represents New South Wales in women's rugby league. Every year, New South Wales plays against Queensland in the Women's State of Origin.

Haziq Kamaruddin

Haziq Kamaruddin (4 July 1993 – 14 May 2021) was a Malaysian archer. Kamaruddin competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Rob Nelson (biologist)

Robert "Rob" Nelson (born August 13, 1979, Denver, Colorado, United States) is an American biologist, documentary filmmaker, and television personality.

He is a regular contributor to the Science Channel documentary series "What on Earth?" Starting in 2017, he was the host and participating researcher of the Science Channel documentary series "Secrets of the Underground", whose goal was to examine long-held legendary mysteries that lie beneath the surfaces of streets, buildings, earth, salt and fresh water, etc. Nelson also cohosted the Animal Planet series, "Life After Chernobyl" in 2015.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in biology and marine science from the University of Miami, a Master of Science degree from the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, and a Master of Fine Arts from the Montana State University.

He won an Emmy Award in 2014 for his work on "Mysteries of the Driftless," a documentary movie about the Driftless Area, a region in the Midwestern United States, which was never covered by glaciers during the last ice age. He later filmed a sequel of the "Mysteries of the Driftless" in 2018 called "Decoding the Driftless".

Nelson's current work includes being the director of "Untamed Science" where he hosts a YouTube show by the same name. His show works closely with the North Carolina Zoo to help tell untold animal stories.

Khairul Anuar Mohamad

Khairul Anuar bin Mohamad (born 22 September 1991) is a Malaysian archer. Anuar Mohamad competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Hun

Hun may refer to:


Hun clan

Hun or Huna is a major ancient Kshatriya clan of the Gurjar community of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and India. Historically, they were also known by the name of Huna. Hun Gujjars are primarily Hindu, while some are Muslim in Muslim-majority areas especially in Kashmir and Pakistan. In mountainous areas, they speak the Gujari language, as well as other indigenous dialects. In past these Hun Gurjars ruled in various dynasties.They are also mentioned in the Sanskrit epic of Mahabharat as the Huna and Hara Huna.

Huns are mentioned in a number of ancient Indian religious or historic Sanskrit or Vedic texts as Hara Huna (Hada Huna), Huna, or Huns, including the Puranas and Mahabharata, and even in historic records of the Guptas of Patna and Palas of Bengal.

According to Gopi Nath Sharma Gurjars and Huns are mentioned in the Hindu scripture Puranas along with other beloved to be foreign tribes of Indian subcontinent.

During the regime of the Gurjar pratihar dynasty and its emperor, the Mihir Bhoj Gurjar Huns Gujjars were ruling in the Mianwali district of the Punjab province, which is located in present-day Pakistani Punjab.

They fought the Patliputra Guptas and the Qanauj Wardhans. They ascended to power in the sixth century A.D. from Upper Panjab, led by Torman and his son Mihir Kul, and conquered Kashmir. Emperor Mihir Kul died in 540 CE.

After his death came Matri Gita (540 to 583 A.D.), Hirani (583 to 606), Torman 11 (606 to 643), Suresh Sen (643 to 667), Ksheti Nand (667 to 687 A.D.), Vasu Deva (687 to 711 A.D.), Yudhistra (711 to 729 A.D.), Raja Iksa (729 to 750 A.D.), Gopi Ditta (750 to 767 A.D.), Gai Karan (767 to 809 A.D.), Narendra Ditta (809 to 845 A.D.), Torman II (845 to 847 A.D.), and Lakhan (847 to 860 A.D.). The last five were local chiefs who were subjected to Thakyas (Taanks) of Taank kingdom. These Huns claimed descent from the Yadavas. The Sialkot city of present-day Pakistani Punjab was their capital. Rheir marriage relationships with the other Gurjjars families demonstrate that they belonged to the Gurjar Kshatriya group. They are known as Gurjars, and Hun is their gotra (clan) even now.

Pulakesin I formed the first notable Chalukya dynasty of southern India in the middle of the sixth century. These Chalukyas were descended from a foreign tribe, most likely a mix of Gurjara-Hun. Badami, in the Bijapur district, was their capital.
According to Kulbhushan warikoo Some Huns claim to be descended from the Yuechi or Kushans. The Kushan and Hun were unquestionably Kshatriyas Gujjars. Both of these clans are only found among the Gurjars of Central and South Asia. Cunningham and other historians have also referred to them as Gurjars as well.

They live in Pakistani regions including Kashmir, and Punjab and Gilgit-Baltistan they have their population mostly in these areas. Some Hun Gujjars have villages in Afghanistan in the region of Pamir and Nuristan. 

While in India they primarily inhabit in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and, Jammu and Kashmir. There are many village of Hun Gujjars in Uttar Pradesh، Rajasthan and Haryana. Alone in Uttar Pradesh their prominent villages are in the Meerut, Gaziabad, Bulandhshahr, and Greater Noida districts. And most famous village due to their influence is known as 'Nawalka".

In various regions they also known by different names, including, Huna, Hara Huna, Hada Huna, Hun or Hoon.


Raman Sharma

Raman Sharma (5 September 1945 – 6 January 1999) was an Indian cricket umpire. He stood in one Test match in 1994 and eleven ODI games between 1993 and 1997. Sharma died when the jeep he was driving collided with a bus in 1999.

Varun Sandesh

Jeedigunta Varun Sandesh (born 21 July 1989) is an Indian American actor. He is known primarily for his works in Telugu cinema. He made his debut with Sekhar Kammula's coming-of-age blockbuster drama "Happy Days" (2007), and went on to star in films such as "Kotha Bangaru Lokam" (2008), "Kurradu" (2009), "Yemaindi Ee Vela" (2010), "D for Dopidi" (2013), "Pandavulu Pandavulu Thummeda" (2014), "Mama Manchu Alludu Kanchu" (2015), and "Michael" (2023).



Johann Studnicka

Johann "Jan" Studnicka (12 October 1883 – 18 October 1967) was an Austrian footballer. He played for Wiener AC . He also played for the Austrian national team. After his active career he became football manager. He also competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Johann Studnicka played in the “Jugendhort” football team at the age of 14 in 1897. This was led by the teacher Wawerka The team included Studnicka, Josef Fischer, Gustav Huber and Josef Taurer and three other later national players. Three years after the first football game in Austria in 1894, the sport was not socially accepted. Playing football among middle school students was punished . So in his early career Studnicka appeared as a football player under the pseudonym “Jan”.

In 1897 the entire team from Jugendhorst joined the Wiener AC. He started as defender but soon played as forward due to his abilities. Johann Studnicka's career at WAC was soon crowned with success. In 1898 the club took part in the Challenge Cup for the first time. The trophy was won in 1901, 1903 and 1904. 1908 he slowly began to withdraw from active football and work as a coach at the WAC. After a majority of the WAC players left the club after disputes with the club's management Johann Studnicka rejoined the first team to prevent the club's decline. Studnicka quickly created a powerful team by the start of the ÖFV's new league championship in 1911/12. They reached the 4th place. Johann Studnicka played actively for WAC until the 1919/20 season

He debuted on 12 October 1902 in a 5-0 win versus Hungary. There he scored three goals.His last match was on 9 May 1918 in a 5-1 win versus Switzerland. He played 28 matches and scored 18 goals for Austria.

After the end of his active career he coached First Vienna FC for two years. This was followed in 1922 by a move to Switzerland to FC Zurich. With them he won the Swiss championship. Then he returned to Vienna and was coach of SpC Rudolfshügel. Because the players ran away from the financially bankrupt club Studnicka was not able to avoid relegation.

List of France Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of France Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for France after playing their first match in August 2021.

History of dementia

History of dementia is the past of the word and thing dementia
Publius Terentius Afer (195 -159 BC) used "Dementia", M Tulius Cicero (106. January - December, 43. BC) used the word "dementia" 

In ancient Rome demensum or demensi was a sum paid to slaves. Demens was used frequently synonymously with the words amens, amentia and alienatus mente 

From 1835, John Charles Prichard was the first British psychiatrist to describe using the words: senile dementia 

Morel first describes as a term "démence précoce" (the words are French: in English précoce is translated as precocious - meaning early in age: young) in his work of 1852 

An description of dementia within the vascular system was made by Emil Kraepelin for 1896. 
By examining by microscope the brain of a dead mental patient who Alois Alzheimer had diagnosed as having senile dementia, although 50 years of age, brain abnormalities were found. The combination of the diagnosis and the brain abnormality became known as Alzheimer's disease after this description by Emil Kraepelin in a 1910 textbook. 

Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 
(DSM-5) made by the American Psychiatric Association redefined dementia for diagnostic purposes as "major neurocognitive disorder" 

Dementia is classed as a neurodegenerative syndrome Since the 2017 International Classification of Diseases (ICD) which is known as the ICD-11, dementia is diagnosed as a neurological disorder not a mental and behavioural disorder. 

WAGR M class (diesel)

The WAGR M class were a total of 2 diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1972 to 1994.

The M class were built in 1972 by Walkers Limited of Maryborough, Queensland. They were purchased specifically for hump yard shunting at Forrestfield. In early 1994 both the M class and two Ma class were sold off to Colonial Sugar Refineries (CSR) in Queensland for sugarcane service. No. 1851 and 1852 were regauged to 610mm (2 ft.) gauge and heavily rebuilt, the Ma class being used for spare parts. Both units remain in operation.

WAGR Ma class (diesel)

The WAGR Ma class were a total of 3 diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1973 to 2014.

The Ma class were built in 1972 by Walkers Limited of Maryborough, Queensland as an evolution of the M class. The Ma class had Caterpillar engines making them lighter as well as having multiple unit (MU) working capabilities. Two Ma class locos were sold to Colonial Sugar Refineries (CSR) in Queensland for spare parts in early 1994.

No. 1862 managed to survive Westrail being sold off in 2000, being operated by the Western Australian Government Railways Commission (WAGRC) until 2003 when it became the ownership of Transperth who continued using the loco as shunter (pilot) at Claisebrook depot until 2014. The Hotham Valley Railway purchased the unit in 2015, it currently remains stored on their premises at Pinjarra.

Animal (2023 movie)

Animal is an Indian Hindi language action thriller movie. It is written, edited and directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga and produced by T-Series, Bhadrakali Pictures and Cine1 Studios. The film stars Ranbir Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Rashmika Mandanna and Tripti Dimri.

The movie revolves around the complex relationship between Balbir Singh and his son Arjun Singh, who is a descendant of the business family. After the tragedy with his father, he goes out to take revenge on Viraj Surve, and vows to never leave his family, causing a fierce gang war.


The movie score is composed by Harshavardhan Rameshwar, who scored Reddy's previous movies "Arjun Reddy" and its Hindi remake "Kabir Singh". The songs featured in the movie are composed by JAM8, Vishal Mishra, Jaani, Manan Bhardwaj, Shreyas Puranik, Ashim Kemson and Harshwardhan Rameshwar, while the background score was composed by Harshwardhan Rameshwar. Lyrics were written by Manoj Muntashir, Raj Shekhar, Siddharth-Garima, Jaani, Manan Bhardwaj, Ashim Kemson and Bhupinder Babbal.

The first single titled "Hua Main" was released on 11 October 2023. The second single titled "Satranga" was released on 27 October 2023. The third single titled "Papa Meri Jaan" was released on 14 November 2023. The fourth single titled "Arjan Vailly" was released on 18 November 2023.

The movie was scheduled to be release on 11 August 2023, but was postponed due to post-production and dubbing works. The film was then released on 1 December 2023 in Hindi, Telegu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada languages. The movie was planned to premiere in North America on 30 November 2023, a day before its release. It has a running time of 201 minutes, making it one of the longest Indian movies ever made.

A day before the trailer release, Animal recieved 'A' (adults only) certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification due to excessive violence and sexuality. For this reason, It was also classified 18 by the British Board of Film Classification.
Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express said she was disappointed that the performances of Ranbir and Anil Kapoor had been "wasted in this pointless, vile "(too bad)" tale".

Tokyo Highway Battle

Tokyo Highway Battle is a 1996 racing video game. It was made by Genki. The game was published by Jaleco for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn. It was released in Japan as "Shutokou Battle: Drift King" for the PlayStation, and "Shutokō Battle '97" for the Sega Saturn. The game is part of the "Shutokou Battle" franchise. 

Pseudophilautus cuspis

The sharp-snouted shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus cuspis") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in forests. People have seen it between 155 and 660 meters above sea level.

Gagan Malik

Gagan Malik is an Indian actor and Hindu activist, renowned for his portrayal of Lord Rama in the popular television series "Ramayan". Born and raised in Delhi, India, Malik has made significant contributions to the entertainment industry and has also been recognized for his commitment to promoting Hinduism. He became a Buddhist in 2014 and spent some time in a monastery.

Malik was born into a Jat family in Delhi, India, where he received his education at Hansraj School Central. Growing up, his mother read the epic Ramayana to him He got interested in Hindu mythology. During his childhood, Malik actively participated in his colony's Ramleela, playing the character of Ram. Before acting, Malik had a career in cricket, in the Ranji Trophy team in Delhi. After twelve years in cricket, he changed to acting, gaining experience in TV commercials, music videos, modeling, and designer shows. In 2004, he won the title of "Mr. Photogenic" in the national male beauty pageant, "Mr. India".

Gagan Malik's acting career took off with the television series "Kumkum" on Star Plus. He then played a lead role in Zee TV's "Saath Saath Banayenge Ek Aashiyaan" and appeared in Star One's TV serial "Shakuntala". In 2012, Malik played Lord Rama in the television series "Ramayan." It was very popular in Indonesia.

In 2013, Malik made his international film debut with the Sri Lankan Sinhala language film "Sri Siddhartha Gautama," where he played the title character. The film, inspired by the spiritual odyssey of The Buddha, won awards at the Delhi International Film Festival in India and the United Nations Buddhist Film Festival in Vietnam.

Gagan Malik is also part of the celebrity cricket team "Jaipur Raj Joshiley" for the Indian sport-reality entertainment show "Box Cricket League" season 2. He still plays Lord Rama in the television series "Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman" on Sony TV.

In 2016, Malik confirmed his involvement in an international film based on the Buddha, which is reported to be the most expensive movie ever made on the subject. The pre-production phase is underway, with the team planning to shoot the teaser in July or August.

Cezanne Khan

Cezanne Khan is an Indian television actor.

He got his name from the famous French painter Paul Cezanne.

Rajkumar Santoshi

Rajkumar Santoshi is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter of Hindi films. 

"Ghayal" also won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment. Santoshi's followup was the universally acclaimed film "Damini" (1993), which dealt with issues like the status of women in our society and the perspective of people towards women. He won his second Filmfare best director award for it.

After making two back-to-back serious films like "Ghayal" and "Damini", Santoshi wanted to make a light film.

 

Ranvirsinhji

Maharaj Shri Ranvirsinhji (7 October 1919 – 4 April 1962), a member of the Jamnagar royal family, played first-class cricket in India from 1936 to 1952. He toured Australia with the Indian team in 1947-48 but did not play Test cricket.


Gaurav Chakrabarty

Gaurav Chakrabarty is an Indian Bengali film and television actor. He is best known for his portrayal of the character Prodipto Lahiri in the Bengali musical TV series "Gaaner Oparey" that aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.

Ritvik Sahore

Ritvik Sahore is an Indian actor who primarily works in Hindi films and web shows. He made his acting debut with "Ferrari Ki Sawaari" (2012), for which he received Screen Award for Best Child Artist nomination. Sahore is best known for his portrayal of Omkar Singh Phogat in "Dangal" (2016), Aakash in "Laakhon Mein Ek" (2017) and Rajat Bakshi in "Flames" (2018).

Rohan Shah

Rohan Shah is an Indian actor, known for his role as Agham Neil Khanna in "Itna Karo Na Mujhe Pyaar" on Sony TV. He played the lead role of Vivek in the 2020 Bollywood film "Hacked" along with Hina Khan. He is also a part of the YouTube channel FilterCopy.


Pixel art

Pixel art is a form of digital art where images are built using pixels as the only building block. It is often used in video games, but it can also be used to create other types of art, such as illustrations, animations, and even sculptures.

Pixel art is created using a variety of software programs, but some of the most popular ones include:


Pixel art can be created in different styles, but some of the most common ones include:


Pixel art can be used to create a wide variety of images. It is a popular choice for video games because it is simple to create and can be scaled up or down without losing quality. 

Video games: Pixel art is often used in video games to create characters, objects, and backgrounds. Some classic video games that use pixel art include Mario, Pac-Man, and Sonic the Hedgehog. Newer video games that use pixel art include Minecraft and Undertale.

Illustrations:  Pixel art illustrations can be simple or complex, and they can be used to create a variety of different styles of art.

Animations: Pixel art animations can be simple or complex, and they can be used to create a variety of different types of animation, such as cartoons, GIFs, and even full-length films.

Sculptures: . Pixel art sculptures are created by stacking individual pixels together to create a three-dimensional object.

Contact shoe

A contact shoe is a metal piece that is connected to a bogie that makes contact with the 3rd rail delivering electricity to the source requiring electricity in turn completing the circuit.

Eumetabola

Eumetabola is an unranked Clade in the Infraclass Neoptera. It contains every Neoptera clade except Embioptera and Orthoptera. It has the biggest number of species of any clade in the Animal Kingdom.

Kalyan Srinivas Raygalla

Kalyan Srinivas Raygalla is a Team Building Facilitator at "The Thought Bulb" and a Research Scholar at "GD Goenka University's School of Media". With a diverse background spanning academia, training, and journalism, Raygalla excels in public speaking, strategic communication, media writing, and recreational therapy.

Formerly a journalist, Kalyan Raygalla, also known as Ray, has contributed as a columnist for "The Freedom Press" and various other publications. He has received recognition for his journalistic endeavors, including the prestigious Axaya Media Award.

Transitioning from journalism to academia, Raygalla has collaborated with esteemed institutions such as "Manav Rachna International Institute of Research and Studies", "GD Goenka University", "Woxsen University", "Roots International Business School", "DAV Public School", "Meridian School", and "Vedant International School".

Kalyan Raygalla's achievements are noteworthy and reflect his commitment to excellence. Some of his accolades include:











As part of the "UN4ALL" campaign, Raygalla served as Charge d'Affaires to the 2021 United Nations Secretary-General Candidate, Prof Nabhit Kapur. He conducted global interviews and participated in conversation panels with distinguished individuals, including Her Excellency Rosalia Arteaga Serrano, Former President of Ecuador; Hon'ble Yousef M Kamoud, Member of the Libyan Parliament; His Excellency, Hon Etienne Ys, Former Prime Minister of Curacao; Chief Election Commissioner Dr. S Y Quraishi; Ambassador K P Fabian, IFS; General J J Singh, Former Governor, State of Arunachal Pradesh; and Shri Shekhar Dutt, IAS, Former Governor, State of Chhattisgarh.










Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik

Syed Rizwan Farook (June 14, 1987December 2, 2015) and Tashfeen Malik (July 13, 1986December 2, 2015) were a Pakistani-American mass murder duo who were the two perpetrators of a terrorist attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino, California, United States on December 2, 2015. In the attack, they killed 14 people and injured 22 others. Both died in a shootout with law enforcement later that day.

Rahul Bose

Rahul Bose (born 27 July 1967) is an Indian actor, director, screenwriter, social activist, and athlete. Bose is the President of Indian Rugby Football Union.He has appeared in Bengali films such as "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer", "Kalpurush", "Anuranan", "Antaheen", "Laptop" and "The Japanese Wife". 


Nils Åman

Nils Åman (born 7 February 2000) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre for the Abbotsford Canucks of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect under contract to the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Colorado Avalanche in the sixth round of the 2020 NHL Entry Draft with the 167th overall pick.

Anna Scher

Anne Valerie Verrall MBE (née Scher; 26 December 1944 – 12 November 2023) was a British-Irish drama teacher who was best known as the founder of The Anna Scher Theatre School. 
Scher was also known as an actress, a journalist and an author.

Anne Valerie Scher was born in Cork, Ireland on 26 December 1944, as the eldest of four children to Eric Asher Scher (1916–1982), a dentist of Lithuanian descent, and Constance Scher (1924–1984; née Hurwitz), a housewife of Irish decent. Her younger siblings were; sisters Sandra Geraldine Peggy Scher (1948–2014) and Vida M Scher (b. 1953) and brother Ronald D P Scher (b. 1961). Her family moved to Hove, East Sussex when she was 14.

Scher was educated at St Angela's convent, where she was the sole Jewish pupil. She later attended the Hove County Grammar School for Girls and the Brighton School of Music and Art.

Scher founded The Anna Scher Theatre School (AST), an independent and co-educational performing arts school in Islington, London, in January 1968. Her husband served as the co-director for many years.

Scher made her debut, and only appearance, as an actress in 1969, but her father told her to get a proper job, so she became a journalist specialising in theatre with the "Islington Gazette" for five years, and reviewed for "The Times Literary Supplement".

Scher also worked as a primary school teacher, working with children whose first language was not English. She was a chairperson of the International Song Contest for Peace in Ireland. She served on juries at BAFTA, Sony and the Royal Television Society.

Scher was the castaway on a 2011 episode of the BBC Radio 4 programme "Desert Island Discs".

Scher co-authored three books with her husband. She also authored two books as a solo author.

Scher married coach, writer and director Raymond Charles Verrall in Hampstead, London in April 1976. Their only son, John Benedict Verrall, was born four years later. Her husband died in October 2023, at the age of 79.

Scher had a breakdown in 2000 after suffering with depression and was admitted to hospital. She could not walk during her breakdown. She took a period of sick leave from The Anna Scher Theatre. Scher discovered that she had been blocked by the board of directors upon her return to her theatre.

Scher promoted peace, love and understanding. She was a patron of Neve Shalom/Wahat al Salam – Oasis of Peace.

Scher died in London during the early hours of 12 November 2023. She was 78. Her death was confirmed and announced to the public at 2:55pm on the same day in a social media post by talent agency Nic Knight Management: "It is with deep sadness that I must report that Anna Scher, the best and kindest drama teacher in the UK for the last 50 years, has passed. Joining her husband, Charles, in a better place to rest. She will be missed but never forgotten. RIP @annascherthtr + Charles Verrall." Her obituary was published by "The Guardian" on 15 November.

Scher and Verrall's joint private funeral took place at St Silas Church on Penton Street on 14 December 2023. 
Scher was awarded a Community Award from the "Irish Post" the Woman of Distinction Award from Jewish Care. She was an Associate of RADA. She was awarded a Honorary Fellow of the Leinster School of Music & Drama.

She was awarded the Peace Person of the Year Award in Ireland in 1999.

Scher was awarded Freedom of the London Borough of Islington in 2003.

Scher was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours by Queen Elizabeth II for her services to drama.


Metapterygota

Metapterygota is a clade of insects. It has both the order Odonata and the infraclass Neoptera. These two clades share similar looks by having both a larva form, and a imago form later on in its life, and having wings. Some though, do not have wings despite being capable of having them.

Harsha Bhogle

Harsha Bhogle (born 19 July 1961) is an Indian cricket commentator and journalist. Bhogle has cemented his reputation as being a personality in the global cricket broadcasting industry.

Josef Taurer

Josef Taurer (16 November 1883 -1 August 1956) was an Austrian football player from the early days of the sport. He scored the first goal in the Austrian national team's first unofficial game against Switzerland in 1901 and the first goal in the first official game against Hungary in 1902. He played as Forward mainly for Wiener AC.
Josef Taurer began his career as a football player in 1897 for “Jugendhort” . The team included future national players Josef Fischer, Gustav Huber and Johann Studnicka. 1897 Jugendhorst joined WAC. With the WAC he won all three ÖFU championships for the Tagblatt Cup . The striker stayed with WAC until 1908 . After one season with the Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. After his active time he was active as a football referee. In 1922 he became deputy head of the WAC's football section.
In Austria's first unofficial international match against Switzerland on 8 April 1901 he played as a left winger and scored the first international goal in a 4-0 win. In Austria's first official on 12 October 1902 he scored again the first goal in a 5-0 win versus Hungary. His last match was on 9 April 1905 in a 0-0 again versus Hungary.

Raju Jeyamohan

Raju Jeyamohan (born 2 July 1991) is an Indian actor, television host and model in the Indian film industry, who has worked predominantly in Tamil television shows and films. Raju made his debut in the movie Natpuna Ennanu Theriyuma in the year 2019. He has also acted in various serials including Kana Kaanum Kalangal, 'Kalloori Salai', 'Aandaal Azhagar', and 'Saravanan Meenatchi' on Vijay Television. In 2022, he emerged as the winner of the Tamil reality television show "Bigg Boss (Tamil season 5)".


Rajshree Thakur

Rajshree Thakur (born 22 September 1981) is an Indian actress best known for her role as Saloni in the Hindi television drama "" and Preeti Jindal in "Shaadi Mubarak."

Raj Kumar (professor)

Raj Kumar (born 15 December 1959) is a professor of neurosurgery. He was a founding director of All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Rishikesh and former vice-chancellor of Uttar Pradesh University of Medical Sciences.


Harsha Walia

Harsha Walia is a Canadian activist and writer based in Vancouver. She has been involved with No one is illegal, the February 14 Women's Memorial March Committee, the Downtown Eastside Women's Centre, and several Downtown Eastside housing justice coalitions. Walia has been active in migrant justice, Indigenous solidarity, feminist, anti-racist, and anti-capitalist movements for over a decade.

Walia was born in Bahrain to parents of Punjabi ancestry. She later immigrated to Vancouver, Canada and studied law at the University of British Columbia.

Laura Trott

Laura Trott (born 7 December 1984) is a British Conservative Party politician. She was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Sevenoaks at the 2019 general election. 

Trott was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Work and Pensions until November 2023, when she was named the Chief Secretary to the Treasury in a cabinet reshuffle. 

Victoria Atkins

Victoria Mary Atkins (born 22 March 1976) is a British politician. She has been the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care since November 2023. She was Financial Secretary to the Treasury from October 2022 to November 2023. She is a member of the Conservative Party. Atkins was first elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Louth and Horncastle in Lincolnshire in 2015.

She is a Type 1 diabetic, and is married to the Managing Director of British Sugar.

Nitin Sahrawat

Nitin Sahrawat (Born 13 August 1981), is an Indian actor, a social activist, and the Editor in Chief of "Atal Indians Magazine". Sahrawat is the creator of Atal Indian Project, which aims at creating multiple Urban forest named Atal Vatika, in cities and towns of India. He is the Managing Director of QuiteLit Digital.


Rakesh Maria

Rakesh Maria (born 19 January 1957) is a former Indian Police Officer. He last served as the Director General of Home Guard. Before that he served as the Police Commissioner of Mumbai.

Pernell (healer)

Pernell (known to be alive in 1350), was an English healer. She helped her physician husband, Thomas de Rasyn in their healing practice. The couple was accused of causing the death of a miller in 1350 but was freed by a royal pardon and allowed to continue their practice. Their medical skills were respected by people of the time.

Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour

The Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour is a trilogy of crossover episodes between and The Fairly OddParents.

In the first Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour, Timmy Turner wishes he were in the best laboratory in the Universe for a science project and ends up in Jimmy Neutron’s lab in another dimension. Timmy also accidentally sends Jimmy to Dimsdale. Timmy accidentally turns Jimmy’s robot dog Goddard into a monster and has to save Retroville. While Jimmy has to save Fairy World from Crocker. 

In the second Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour called “When Nerds Collide” , Jorgen von Strangel makes the Anti-Fairy prison impossible for anyone “of this universe” to break into but Cosmo’s doppelgänger Anti-Cosmo figured out that he can get someone from an Alternate universe to do that. Timmy and Jimmy fight because they both like the same girl named Cindy Vortex. Jimmy’s Archenemy, Professor Finbarr Calamitous teams up with Anti-Cosmo to free the other Anti-Fairies. After Jimmy and Timmy team up to save the world, Calamitous enslaves Jorgen and tries to destroy his Universe. So Timmy and Jimmy stop him. Cindy finds out that Timmy isn’t that smart. 

When Jimmy and Timmy start fighting their enemies together, they forget about their actual friends. They think that beating their enemies is too easy so they create a new Supervillain called “The Villain who is not named Shirley”. The Villain wants to be their friend but Jimmy and Timmy are mean to him so he becomes evil and tries to destroy the Multiverse but then Jimmy and Timmy stop him with help from their friends. 

AT&amp;T Pogo

AT&T Pogo was a web browser based on Mozilla Firefox's codebase made by AT&T and Vizible. A testing version was handed to a small group of people but the project was later discontinued when Vizible sold its intellectual property to Open Text.

The testing version had these features:






Oscar Míguez

Óscar Omar Miguez Antón (5 December 1927 – 19 August 2006) was a Uruguayan footballer. He played as a forward. Míguez was part of the Uruguay team in the 1950 and 1954 World Cups. He played as a striker for the national team. Míguez is the all-time record World Cup goal scorer for Uruguay with eight goals. Míguez had 27 goals in 39 games in total for Uruguay, For a long time, he was the third-highest scorer for the national team, behind Héctor Scarone and Ángel Romano. He was overtaken by Diego Forlán, Edinson Cavani and Luis Suárez. Míguez was known for his mental quickness and an unusual command of the ball, with goals with headers, volleys or bicycle kicks sought for an entire match until they came out. He was often satisfied with just scoring goals, he was a juggling centre-forward. He, however, He denied that he had been a great player. He is regarded among the best football players of all time. Míguez is considered as one of the greatest Uruguayan strikers of his era.

He was born on December 5, 1927 in Montevideo. He began his adult football career in 1947.

His play attracted the attention of representatives of one of the strongest clubs in the country, Peñarol. He joined the team in 1948, He was a part of a famous forward line that included Alcides Ghiggia, Ernesto Vidal, Juan Schiaffino and the Argentinian Juan Hohberg. He played for this team for the next twelve seasons of his playing career. As part of Peñarol, he was one of the main scorers of the team. He had an average performance of 0.78 goals per championship game. He was the top scorer of the Uruguayan championship twice. His team won that competition six times. Míguez was the most outstanding footballer in the history of Peñarol de Montevideo, where he played for almost his entire life as a professional athlete, and did not accept offers received from European teams. He was a juggler with the ball, having made his bicycle kicks famous. He was Uruguayan champion with Peñarol in 1949, 1951, 1953, 1954, 1958 and 1959.

Subsequently, in 1960 he played in Peru for Sporting Cristal, the following year he defended the colors of Rampla Juniors, and finished his playing career with Montevideya Colón in 1962.

In 1950, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Uruguayan national team. In the same year, he went as part of the team to the 1950 World Cup in Brazil. In the very first game of the tournament, he scored a hat-trick, contributing to the defeat of the Bolivian national team with a score of 8:0 in the first group stage. At the final stage, at which the world champion was determined, he scored two goals against the Swedish national team, which brought the Uruguayans a victory with a score of 3:2 and left them in the fight for the championship title. He fully played the decisive game against the home team, in which the Uruguayans won a sensational victory with a score of 2:1, becoming world champions in 1950.

Four years later, at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, he also started the tournament as the main striker of the national team. In the group stage of the competition, he scored a goal against the Czech Republic (win 2:0) and two goals against Scotland (win 7:0). In the quarterfinal match against England, won 4-2, he was injured and missed the rest of his team's matches, in which they lost in the semifinals and the game for third place to the national teams of Hungary and Austria, respectively. Despite missing these games for two World Cups, he scored 8 goals, which remains a record for the players of the Uruguayan national team in the finals of the World Cup.

Subsequently, he participated in the South American championships of 1955 and 1956, in the second of which the Uruguayans won their ninth title of the strongest national team on the continent. Miguez's personal contribution to the title, which included three goals scored, was recognized by awarding him the title of the best player of the tournament.

In total, during his career in the national team, which lasted 8 years, he played 39 matches in its uniform, scoring 27 goals.

He died in 2006 at the age of 78. His remains are buried at the Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.


Papua New Guinea national rugby league team

The Papua New Guinea national rugby league team, nicknamed the Kumuls, represents Papua New Guinea in international rugby league.

Rugby league is very popular in Papua New Guinea and is often considered the country's national sport.

The Papua New Guinean squad selected for the 2023 Pacific Rugby League Championships. Club information are as of 4 November 2023. <br>
Statistics for Papua New Guinea and the players' NRL club records are drawn from the website, Rugby League Project, and include the Pacific Bowl Final on 5 November 2023. 

Notes

Papua New Guinea women's national rugby league team

The Papua New Guinea women's national rugby league team, nicknamed the Orchids, represents Papua New Guinea in international women's rugby league.

Rugby league is very popular in Papua New Guinea and is often considered the country's national sport.

President of the National Conventional

From 22 September 1792 to 2 November 1795, the French Republic was governed by the National Convention, whose president (elected from within for a 14-day term) may be considered as France's legitimate head of state.

See: List of Presidents of the National Convention

Personal Jesus

"Personal Jesus" is a 1989 song by British band Depeche Mode. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album "Violator". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 28 in the United States, number 27 in France, number 44 in Canada, number 5 in Switzerland and Germany, number 17 in Sweden, number 14 in New Zealand, number 7 in Ireland and number 3 in Spain and Italy. It was covered by Johnny Cash and Marilyn Manson.

All songs were written by Martin L. Gore.
UK 7-inch and cassette single; US cassette single

UK 7-inch single—gatefold sleeve

UK 12-inch and mini-CD single

UK limited-edition 12-inch and mini-CD single

US 12-inch single

US maxi-CD single

US maxi-cassette single

In 2004, Marilyn Manson released their cover version of the single from their greatest hits album "". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, number 15 in Scotland and Norway, number 10 in Italy and Austria, number 20 in Finland and number 8 in Denmark





Mirandinha

Mirandinha may refer to:


Mon Redee Sut Txi

Mon Redee Sut Txi (born 10 February 1982) is an archer from Malaysia. Redee Sut Txi competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Muhammad Marbawi

Muhammad Marbawi Sulaiman (born 30 January 1983) is an archer from Malaysia. Marbawi competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Cameron Burgess

Cameron Robert Burgess (born 21 October 1995) is a Scottish-born Australian soccer player. He plays for Ipswich Town in the EFL Championship and for the Australia men's national soccer team.

Cheltenham Town

Salford City

Ipswich Town

Martin Boyle

Martin Callie Boyle (born 25 April 1993) is a Scottish-born Australian soccer player. He plays for Hibernian F.C. in the Scottish Premiership and for the Australia men's national soccer team.

G1 Climax

The G1 Climax is a tournament held by New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It is considered to be the most important tournament in the company. The tournament was first created by Antonio Inoki and was first held in 1974. The name of the tournament was originally called the World League from 1974 until 1977, the MSG League from 1978 until 1982, and the IWGP League from 1983 until 1988. The tournaments under these names are not viewed as part of the official history of the G1 Climax by New Japan however. The first tournament under the G1 name was held from August 7 until August 11, 1991. Seiji Sakaguchi, president of New Japan, named the tournament after a horse race.

The current rules of the G1 Climax tournament are held in a round-robin format. There are two blocks of wrestlers who fight for points. A wrestler who gets a win gets two points for a victory, a wrestler who gets a draw gets one point, and a wrestler who loses doesn't get a point. The wrestler from each block who has the most points will then fight each other in the finals to decide who the winner of the G1 will be. The tournament is held for four weeks. In 2022, the tournament would go back to having four blocks for the first time since 2000.

The first non-Japanese wrestler to win the G1 was Kenny Omega in 2016. Tetsuya Naito is the current winner.


Van Calebs

Van Calebs is a Ghanian dancer, choreographer and promoter. He is the Volta regional coordinator for Asian African Chamber of Commerce.

He is the founder of Van Calebs Walking Stick Foundation which is a non profit organization set up to undertake philanthropic projects and Van Caleb empire, an African cultural dance promoter.

He initiated the solo dance 'Base' pictured in prints, currently used as a monumental pieces for tourists.

Van Calebs attended Silicon Valley International School and further studied at Adisadel College and Wisconsin International University College. 

Calebs is the first contemporary choreographer to use advance technology to create visual effects and also the first to introduce styles like Jazz and contemporary African cultural choreography form of dance in Ghana.

He has earned several awards including a humanitarian award for tackling streetism among girls and helping aged women and windows.

He founded Van Calebs empire choreography center that trains dancers around the Africa including non-Africans on contemporary culture choreography dances.

He originated the dance move Rock body used by Wiyaala an afro-pop singer and also illuminated dance by Sarkodie a Ghanaian rapper.<ref>

FAC-Platz

The FAC-Platz is a football stadium in the 21st district of Floridsdorf in the Austrian capital Vienna. It was the home ground of the eight-time Austrian champions Admira. Today it is the homeground of Floridsdorfer AC in the 2. league. In the 2023-24 season it is also be the home of SV Stripfing, which does not have a stadium suitable for the second league. The stadium has a capacity of 3 000 places, 850 places are seated. 
In August 1933 Admira moved from Deublergasse to the former Vorwärts XXI ground in Hopfengasse. In contrast to Deublergasse, this newly built facility now had everything a large sports club needed: running track, training ground, boxing ring and tennis courts . At that time the stadium held around 15,000 spectators.

From July 1944 to April 1945 there was a subcamp of the Mauthausen concentration camp at Hopfengasse 8. At that time, there were barracks for around 2,000 concentration camp prisoners and forced laborers on today's FAC site.

After Admira moved to the southern part of the city in 1966 the FAC took over the place. In 1987 the ground was renamed Leopold-Stroh-Stadion, in honor of the former FAC player Leopold Stroh (1917–1985). In 1994 a grandstand for around 500 spectators was built and in 2002 a VIP club area was set up.
In March 2018, the stadium was renamed the Job Consulting Arena and in the following 2018/19 season it was renamed FAC-Platz.

Ayegbayo Damola

Damola Ayegbayo also known as Damola Victor Ayegbayo is a portrait artist and a contemporary painter based in Nigeria.

Ayegbayo was born and brought up in Osun State. He obtained Fine and Applied Arts Bachelor’s degree in Obafemi Awolowo University.

Ayegbayo is Nigerian youngest largest Art Collector with an estimate of 1000 works of painting and visual arts. Damola works convey the power of the beauty of black African women, the reality of life and morals through color and black beautiful women faces. His paintings is publicly displayed at the heart of Osun State as a Monument picture to remember lost heroes. 

His works are in the collections of organisations such as KPMG, Super Sports TV,Standard Chartered Bank among others.The artist painting has been exhibited nationally, in the United Kingdom and United States. Also, his works have been acquired by private collectors like Jimmy Akingbola, Marcus Gardley,Jean-Michel Basquiat sister Lisane basquiat etc and auctions by online art houses such as Liveauctioneers, Bidhaus and Jasper52. 

Harper Collins Publishers LLC USA featured his painting “unconditional love series 2” as a book cover title 'Relations an anthology of African and Diaspora voices' and a book written by Abayomi Mighty title "Art is life".

Ayegbayo arts has been featured in Non-fungible token (NFT) international projects as the only African artist in the world of women Nft project , Wayfair, Target, and Vincent van Gogh Nft project in partnership with Saatchi Art.

Running to Stand Still

"Running to Stand Still" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fifth track from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree" and is a slow ballad and deals with herion-addicted couple living in Dublin.

Zainab al-Khawaja

Zainab Abdulhadi al-Khawaja (Arabic: زينب عبد الهادي الخواجة; born 21 October 1983) is a Bahraini human rights activist known for her involvement in the Bahraini uprising. She gained attention by posting tweets as AngryArabiya during the protests. She also advocates for her father Abdulhadi Alkhawaja's release who constantly does hunger strike. She has also criticized the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama for "standing behind the dictator".
She was designated a Prisoner of Conscience by Amnesty International. She had faced a three-year prison sentence for tearing up a picture of King Hamad in December 2014, a notable act of protest. 
Despite release, ongoing charges kept her under the threat of re-arrest as several Bahraini officials told Danish authorities that if she doesn't leave the country she will be separated from her child and will be put in prison again. 

For that reason she left Bahrain and went to Denmark. She announced her exile on X formerly Twitter. Now, Zainab with Danish-Bahraini dual citizenship, continues her activism from abroad.

Cherry Red Records

Cherry Red Records was an independent record label synonymous with the new wave and punk movement of the late 1970's / 80's.

Prognosis of schizophrenia

Prognosis of schizophrenia means how well anyone responds to treatment or recovers or not from the diagnosed malady schizophrenia.

All the things that could happen at any time are: 

Schizophrenia has great human and economic costs. People with a diagnosis have on average a decreased life expectancy of 12 to 15 years, primarily because of its association with being overweight, not exercising, and smoking cigarettes. An increased rate of suicide (a person killing themself) plays a lesser role. 
These differences in life expectancy increased between the 1970s and 1990s.

Approximately three-fourths of people with schizophrenia have an ongoing disability with symptoms that keep coming back. Some people do recover completely and others function well in society. 
Most people with schizophrenia live independently, with community support. 
In people with a first episode of serious mental symptoms, 42 percent have a good long-term outcome, 35 percent have an intermediate outcome and 27 percent have a poor outcome. Outcomes for schizophrenia appear better in the developing world than in the developed world, although that conclusion has been questioned.

Schizophrenia can be a large problem for people who have it. Someone who has schizophrenia may hurt themselves. This is known as "self-harm". Not all people with schizophrenia want to hurt themselves. People with the condition need psychiatric assessment because of the possibility of self-harm. If a young person begins to show signs of having the condition, they should see a psychiatrist as soon as possible. People with schizophrenia are more likely to commit suicide than the average person. They also have more physical health problems. In 2015, about 16,900 deaths were linked to schizophrenia. A study was done of over 4million people who were diagnosed with schizophrenia. Using data from 1957 to 2021, the most common reasons for death were suicide, injury-poisoning, and undetermined non-natural cause. These were followed by pneumonia. In one study, use of anti-psychotic medication was found to be the most common cause for diagnosis of pneumonia. Scientific evidence from before and including 2021 seem to show that all anti-psychotics increase the risk of pneumonia. The statistical average of people in these study groups had a life expectancy that is about 11.2 to 25 years lower than that of the general population.

Peter R. Breggin, M.D. former teaching fellow at Harvard Medical School and full-time consultant at the National Institute of Mental Health founded the International Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology, and was on the editorial boards of several scientific journals has written in his 2007 publication "Brain Disabling Treatments in Psychiatry" Effexor, Risperdal, Zyprexa, Abilify, lithium and Depakote produce dangerous abnormal behavior and dangerous brain changes. Dr Breggins first anti-drug book was criticised by a Professor of Psychiatry during 1994. Dr. Breggin wrote with David Cohen "Your Drug May Be Your Problem: How and Why to Stop Taking Psychotropic Medications" which was published during 1999. Breggin and Cohen state that psychiatrists do not know enough information to safely recommend drugs routinely or to take for more than a briefer time which is the continued use recommended for treatment. 

The suicide rate of people who have schizophrenia is estimated to be about 4.9 percent, most often occurring in the period following the first appearance of symptoms or the first hospital admission. 
20 to 40 percent try to kill themselves at least once.

Research continues on schizophrenia. In the spring of 2013, genetics associations were shown between five major psychiatric disorders: autism, ADHD, bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia per recent study. In the summer of 2013, for the first time, brain tissue development was replicated in three dimensions by scientists cloning a human "mini-brain" using stem cells. This could help with schizophrenia and autism neurological research (research related to the brain.) 

People with schizophrenia may also have other mental health disorders, like depression, anxiety and drug abuse. They often have problems functioning in society, and have difficulty keeping a job. However, there are a number of people with schizophrenia who get well and have earned college degrees and had professional careers. For example, Elyn. R. Saks successfully became a law professor at the University of Southern California and a published author.

In a family treatment called "Open dialog" in Finland, eight out of every ten people with schizophrenia "get well." In developing countries, where doctors use less drugs, 2 out of 3 patients get well from schizophrenia. In western countries, where medications are used as treatment, 1 of 3 get well, but many suffer from drug side effects such as diabetes, obesity, and brain damage.

Sometime before 1911 In the hospital of Eugen Bleuler, who made and first used the word schizophrenia:

Where the Streets Have No Name

"Where the Streets Have No Name" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the third single from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree" and went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in the United States, number 11 in Canada, number 1 in New Zealand and Ireland, number 15 in Italy, number 27 in Australia and number 44 in Germany. It won a Grammy Award in 1989.

Glenn Tipton

Glenn Raymond Tipton (born 25 October 1947) is an English guitarist. Often noted for his complex playing style and classically influenced solos, he is best known as one of the lead guitarists for the heavy metal band Judas Priest. He is the second longest-serving member of the band, after bassist and co-founder Ian Hill. Tipton and Hill are the only two members of the band who have appeared on every studio album.
Richie Faulkner

Richard Ian Faulkner (born 1 January 1980) is an English musician best known as one of the lead guitarists for the heavy metal band Judas Priest since 2011, replacing original member K. K. Downing. Faulkner has also performed with Lauren Harris, Christopher Lee, Voodoo Six, Deeds, and Ace Mafia.

Ian Hill

Ian Hill (born 20 January 1951) is an English musician, best known as the bassist and the sole continuous member for the heavy metal band Judas Priest. Along with lead guitarist Glenn Tipton, he is the only member who has appeared on all of the band's studio albums.

Scott Travis

Mark Scott Travis (born September 6, 1961) is an American metal musician, best known as the drummer for the English heavy metal band Judas Priest, the Irish rock band Thin Lizzy and the supergroup Elegant Weapons. He was also a longtime member of the American heavy metal band Racer X during their initial run and then reformation up until their 2009 breakup.

As a member of Judas Priest, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2022.

WAGR N class (diesel)

The WAGR N class were a total of 11 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1977 to 1997.

The N class were built from 1977 to 1979 by Commonwealth Engineering of Bassendean for mineral traffic in the southeast of Western Australia. Withdrawals started in the early 1990s, with the last withdrawn in 1997.

From 1982 to 1983 several were fitted with Westinghouse air brakes, becoming the Na class, two Na class were converted to standard gauge in early 1995, becoming the Nb class. All 11 units have been scrapped, with the last disposed of in 2022.

WAGR Na class (diesel)

The WAGR Na class were a total of 4 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1982 to 1997.

The Na class was a designation assigned to standard N class locos which had the Westinghouse air brake system installed from 1982 to 1983.

They operated on mineral traffic in the southeast of Western Australia and began to be withdrawn alongside the N class from the early to mid-1990s. Two were converted to Nb class locos in early 1994. The first Na class to be scrapped was class leader No. 1871 in 1994. The last Na class No. 1874 was withdrawn and scrapped in 2014.

WAGR Nb class (diesel)

The WAGR Nb class were a pair of diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1995 to 1998.

The Nb class were the result of fitting standard gauge bogies to Na class diesels. Both units were sold to Austrac Ready Power of Junee, New South Wales, they then went to the Patrick Corporation in 2004 for use in Adelaide, South Australia.

In 2011 they were sold for the last time to Australian Locolease who loaned them to El Zorro for service in Victoria. No. 1872 was scrapped in early 2020, and No. 1872 was scrapped in mid-2022, being the last N class loco in existence until its scrapping.

Seher Bedi

Seher Bedi, is a director, producer, and editor. She is popularly known as the 'Pioneer of Millennial Entertainment in India'. 

Seher first made a mark by creating seminal shows like MTV Bakra and MTV Most Wanted. In 2010, she assumed the role of Head of Creative & Content for MTV India. Then she went on to handle iconic shows like Coke Studio, Splitsvilla, MTV Loveline, Heavy Mental, Youth Icon of the Year, Club MTV, MTV Alert, MTV Stuntmania, and MTV Bollywood Grind. Seher also served as a jury member of the prestigious Asian Academy Creative Awards for Content from the Asia Pacific region. 

Seher is currently Head of Josh Studios, the award winning content production studio of Josh, the fastest-growing and most-engaged short video app in India (as of March 6, 2023). 

Seher creates several popular IPs at Josh Studios including: 

• Wakao, India's biggest influencer festival. 

• World Famous, a multi-city talent hunt across Indian heartlands. 

• Josh All Stars, a creator mentor community platform. 

• CreatorThon, a multi-city travel, mentorship, and content creation marathon. 

• JFLIX Film Festival, a first-of-its-kind one-minute-film-festival and awards show. 

• Nach Baby Dance, a friendly competition for India's best dance performers. 

Ghazi

Ghazi or Gazi (), a title given to Muslim warriors or champions and used by several Ottoman Sultans, can be










El Ghazi

El Ghazi may refer to:



Monique

Monique can be




Climate of the Netherlands

The Netherlands has an oceanic climate. 
Usually summers and winters are mild. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in the Netherlands was on 25 July 2019 in Gilze-Rijen.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in the Netherlands was on 27 January 1942 in Winterswijk.

The highest wind gust ever recorded in the Netherlands was on 25 November 2005 in Hoek van Holland, and on 3 January 2012 in IJmuiden.

The highest 24-hour precipitation sum ever recorded in the Netherlands was 142.3 millimeters on 26 August 2010 in Hupsel.

Napoléon Louis Bonaparte

Napoléon-Louis Bonaparte (11 October 1804 – 17 March 1831) was King of Holland for less than two weeks in July 1810 as Louis II.

Maximin Isnard

Maximin Isnard 16 November 1755 – 12 March 1825, French revolutionary, was a dealer in perfumery at Draguignan when he was elected deputy for the "département" of the Var to the Legislative Assembly, where he joined the Girondists.and presidents of the National Convention

NV Arena

The NV Arena is a football stadium in St. Pölten, the capital of Lower Austria. It is the home of the second division team SKN St. Pölten and the women team of the club. The women team is playing in the Planet Pure Frauen Bundesliga.It has a capacity of 8,000 spectators on covered seats. The stadiumis named after Niederösterreichische Versicherung (NV), an insurance company. 
The stadium is located in the Ratzersdorf district of St. Pölten on the grounds of the Lower Austria Sports Center. It is the eighth expansion stage (after a tennis hall, an ice rink, etc.).

The stadium has around 8,000 seats. 800 seats are VIP boxes and a business club. If necessary, the capacity can be expanded to 13,000 seats without major modifications .

The roof of the stadium is made of wood (both its primary and secondary construction). The playing field is directly followed by the spectator stands with twelve rows . They are completely covered. The NV Arena is surrounded by earthen walls. There is a photovoltaic system on the roof area which supply the stadium with electricity.

Next to the arena, 16 bus parking spaces, 50 disabled parking spaces, 800 car parking spaces and 500 bicycle spaces were built. The arena is connected to St. Pölten main station by the public bus line LUP line 7. The stadium can be reached by car via the Kremser Expressway (exit “St. Pölten Nord”).

Channel Chasers

Channel Chasers is the second feature length episode of The Fairly OddParents. It is the highest rated episode of the show on IMDb.

In the future, Timmy’s babysitter Vicky is the dictator of the world so Timmy’s friends try to use Time travel to stop her from taking over but they lose to a ninja who works for Vicky and then goes back in time to kill Timmy Turner so that he doesn’t become dangerous to her. 

Twenty years before that, Timmy gets in trouble with his parents for watching too much television so they leave him with Vicky who shoots at him with a flamethrower. Timmy’s parents don’t believe him that Vicky is evil so Cosmo and Wanda give Timmy a magic remote so that he can go into different tv shows. Then Timmy gets in trouble for watching TV, so Vicky gets the remote. Timmy then uses a different magic remote to run away into television. Vicky decides to use her remote to take over the world while the ninja turns out to be an adult Timmy from the future. After Vicky sends him back to the future, Timmy uses his remote to become an adult so that the remotes will stop working. Timmy’s parents find out Vicky is evil and almost fire her but then Timmy erases their memories so he can keep his fairies. When Timmy grows up, he has his own children named Tommy and Tammy who have Cosmo and Wanda as their fairies. 

The critics liked it a lot when it came out and according to IMDb, it’s the best episode of the Fairly OddParents. 

Channel Chasers was the second Fairly OddParents movie but Butch Hartman and Guy Moon later made a third called 

Pseudophilautus caeruleus

Pseudophilautus caeruleus is a frog. It lives in the hills in the middle of Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 810 and 1370 meters above sea level.

Guy Moon

Guy Moon is an American musician and composer who created the music that was used in The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom. Guy Moon, Butch Hartman and Steve Marmel were nominated for awards for the songs “If Every Day Could Be Christmas” from The Fairly OddParents Christmas episode,“What Girls Love” from The Fairly OddParents Valentine's Day episode, “It’s Great to be a Guy” from the same Valentine’s Day Episode , “Real and Scary” from the Halloween episode and “Wish Come True” from Abra-Catastrophe!. 

Moon also made the music for the song “Wish Come True” from Channel Chasers which was cut from the episode and all the music for the songs in . Moon also made the music for the Theme song of Danny Phantom. Moon and Butch Hartman also made the song “You Will Remember” from Danny Phantom.

School’s Out: The Musical

The Pixies kidnap and adopt a clown baby named Flappy Bob so that they can trick all the adults in Dimsdale into not letting kids have fun on Summer Vacation. Then Timmy Turner wishes that kids rule the world. Then all the fairies have to leave because kids don’t need them anymore. So pixies can grant wishes instead. Flappy Bob wishes for the world to be safe and boring. Then Flappy Bob changes his mind and wishes everything were “as it should be” so the fairies come back and Flappy Bob meets his parents again. 

1) Kids Just Being Kids

2) Get Flappy

3) Adults Ruin Everything 

4) Da Pixie Rap

5) I’m Ten and in Charge

6) Where is the Fun?

7) Floating with You

8) Unfundamentals 

9) Kids Just Being Kids (reprise). 

The next Fairly OddParents movie, Fairy Idol also had songs in it and in it the pixies also sing Rap like they did in School’s Out. 

Fairy Idol

Fairy Idol is the fourth Television movie of The Fairly OddParents after Abra-Catastrophe!, Channel Chasers and .

After Cosmo and Wanda quit, every magical being has a singing competition like American Idol to figure out who should take their job. 

A Genie named Norm realizes that if he becomes a fairy, he won’t have to go back to his lamp so he tricks the Mayor into wishing that the lamp would go to Timmy Turner’s best friend Chester. When Chester wishes to spend more time with Timmy, Norm creates an evil Timmy clone to pretend to be Timmy for Cosmo and Wanda while the real Timmy is with Chester. The Timmy clone is mean to Cosmo and Wanda so they quit and the fairies have to figure out who should take over. Norm makes Chester’s dad great at Baseball so Norm can go to the singing contest and Norm cheats to win against Cosmo and Wanda. Norm becomes Chester’s fairy. Chester accidentally causes a lot of problems so Chester wishes Norm were Timmy’s fairy. Norm tells Timmy to wish for Norm’s freedom and that if he does then he might give Timmy his fairies back. Timmy says he won’t wish for anything so Norm explodes. When Timmy wants to wish everything back to how it was, Norm quits. So Chester wishes for “everything to go back to the way it was before I found this stupid lamp”. And it does. Timmy learns to be less selfish. 

1) The theme song of The Fairly OddParents

2) My Shiny Teeth and Me (sung by the Tooth fairy.

3) I’m Too Sexy for My Sexy (a parody of I’m Too Sexy for my Shirt)

4) I can’t live without Love (sung by Cupid, a parody of I can’t live without you.)

5) Not Pixies (sung by Lawn Gnomes)

6) I’m Sanderson (sung by Sanderson the Pixie)

7) Give Me The Wand (sung by Norm and Cosmo and Wanda, parody of A Friend like Me from Aladdin. 

The next Fairly OddParents tv movie was Fairly OddBaby where Timmy wishes for Cosmo and Wanda to have a baby. Fairy Idol was also the last time Norm was in the show.

Black swan theory

The Black Swan theory is a metaphor that describes an event that comes as a surprise, has a major effect, with little explanation as to why it happened. These events are typically not meant to happen and are not prepared for. but are believed to have been unavoidable. The term was used because of an ancient saying that black swans did not exist, until found in Australia in 1697. This was an unexpected event, hence the name.

The theory was developed by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in 2001.

Marie-Jean Hérault de Séchelles

Marie-Jean Hérault de Séchelles 20 September 1759 – 5 April 1794) was a French judge, freemason and politician who took part in the French Revolution.and presidents of the National Convention.

Henri Grégoire

Henri Jean-Baptiste Grégoire 4 December 1750 – 28 May 1831), often referred to as the Abbé Grégoire, was a French Catholic priest, and presidents of the National Convention.

Vandermonde matrix

In Linear Algebra, a Vandermonde matrix, named after Alexandre-Théophile Vandermonde, is a formula_1 matrix with the form:
with entries formula_3, the "j" power of the number formula_4, for all indices formula_5 and formula_6 where formula_5 and formula_6 start at 0. Most authors define the Vandermonde matrix as the transpose of the above matrix.

Vandermonde matrices are commonly used in introductory Linear Algebra courses to prove least squares solutions.

Wishology

Wishology is a trilogy of Television movies of The Fairly OddParents called Wishology Part 1: The Big Beginning, Wishology Part II: The Exciting Middle Part and Wishology Part III: The Final Ending.

Jorgen von Strangel, the toughest fairy in the entire Universe makes everyone forget who Timmy Turner is to protect him and hides all the fairies. He tells Timmy that Timmy is The Chosen One. Timmy is attacked by giant robots called the Eliminators and every star disappears from the sky. Timmy is mistaken for an alien and hunted down by the government. Then Timmy teams up with Kiss to stop a space Vortex called the Darkness from eating the Universe. Then it turns out that Timmy was never actually the Chosen One and the real Chosen One Turbo Thunder fell asleep so Timmy had to save the Universe instead. 

Timmy Turner becomes famous for beating the Darkness. Then the Eliminators attack the plant Yugopatamia to steal its Shapeshifting Technology. Their prince Mark Chang goes to Timmy for help. The Eliminators kidnap and replace Timmy’s friends and family and also kidnap Timmy’s fairies Cosmo and Wanda. So Timmy and Mark team up with Timmy’s enemies and Turbo Thunder. Timmy jumps into the Darkness to save everyone else and they decide that they have to rescue him. 

Timmy’s team rescues him from the Darkness. The leader of the Eliminators wants to kill Timmy but the Darkness says no. The Lead Eliminator attacks Earth anyway so Timmy tricks into blowing itself up. When the Darkness shows up, Timmy says he won’t fight since the Darkness never attacked first. Timmy gets his baby godbrother Poof to smile and turns the Darkness into “the Kindness”. 

Crossodactylus lutzorum

Lutz's spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus lutzorum") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Fazenda Água Branca in Bahia.

Crossodactylus franciscanus

Crossodactylus franciscanus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It has been found in two places, both in Minas Gerais.

Ell, Netherlands

Ell is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg. It is in the municipality of Leudal.


Bertrand Barère

Bertrand Barère de Vieuzac 10 September 1755 – 13 January 1841 was a French politician, freemason,journalist, and one of the most prominent members of the National Convention,

Hook of Holland

Hoek van Holland (Hook of Holland) is a coastal town in the Dutch province of South Holland.




Lynx (disambiguation)

A lynx is a type of wild cat.

Lynx may also refer to:


Ernesto Lazzatti

Ernesto Lazzatti (25 September 1915 - 30 December 1988) was an Argentine football midfielder and sports journalist. He played as a centre-half. At the beginning of his career, in the Quinta División of Puerto Comercial, he played as a right inside; it was Santos Ursino, the first-team centre-half, who advised him to change his position, taking on more defensive duties. Lazzatti was inspired by Luis Monti and Adolfo Zumelzú, players he admired for their very different characteristics; another of his role models was Santos Ursino himself. Gifted with a clear vision of the game and a sense of timing in passing, he demonstrated his skills from a young age, so much so that he was nicknamed El Pibe de Oro (the golden boy). In addition to his technical qualities, he was also able to make passes, both short and long, and to play in the air; One of his weaknesses was his shooting accuracy, which he lacked. He was also a fair player: during his career he was never sent off. Osvaldo Soriano called him "the best centre-half Boca Juniors have ever had". Lazzatti is considered as one of best center-halves of all time.

Ernesto Lazzatti was born on September 25, 1915 in Ingeniero White, a neighborhood of Bahía Blanca, in the province of Buenos Aires. He started playing football at Puerto Comercial, a club based in Bahía Blanca, where he was spotted by scouts from the capital's Boca Juniors. The Juniors signed Ernesto Lazzatti as a professional player in 1934. The midfielder spent the next thirteen years with Boca Juniors, making 379 league appearances, scoring sixteen goals, he made an outstanding midfield line with Carlos Sosa and Natalio Pescia. In his first season with the club from the working-class district of La Boca, Lazzatti won the Argentine championship. In the 1934 Primera División, Boca Juniors were in first place at the end of all matchdays, one point ahead of Independiente Avellaneda. The following year, they were able to defend this championship, this time three points separated Boca from their main rivals Independiente. It took five years until 1940 for Boca Juniors and Ernesto Lazzatti to win the Argentine championship again. Again ahead of Independiente, they finished first in the Primera División, which meant Ernesto Lazzatti's third championship with Boca Juniors. With El Pibe de Oro, Lazzatti's nickname, which Diego Maradona was also given decades later, Boca Juniors were successful again in the 1943 season. They finished first in the Primera División, one point ahead of defending champions CA River Plate. And a year later, Ernesto Lazzatti won his fifth and final league title in a Boca Juniors shirt. This time, they left River Plate behind by two points.

Ernesto Lazzatti played for Boca Juniors until 1946, when he left the club for Uruguay. Lazzatti joined Danubio FC and spent two more years playing Uruguayan football before retiring in 1948 at the age of 33.

In 1936 and 1937, Ernesto Lazzatti made four appearances for the Argentine national football team. He did not manage to score. It was during this time that the team took part in the Campeonato Sudamericano 1937, which was won by the Argentine team. In the decisive final match in front of 80,000 spectators at the old Estadio Gasómetro in San Lorenzo, the Argentine team led by players such as Vicente de la Mata, Roberto Cherro and Antonio Sastre prevailed 2-0 after extra time and brought the South American Cup back to their own country. Lazzatti was part of the midfield line along with Antonio Sastre and Celestino Martínez during that tournament.

In 1950, after the third matchday, Lazzatti replaced the Hungarian Ferenc Plattkó as coach of Boca Juniors, who had managed to prevent the club's relegation the previous year. Until then, the club had one win and two defeats. Under Lazzatti, Boca Juniors finished the season as runners-up. Lazzatti then left the club because he had fallen out with a member of the club's management. He then opened a car dealership in Temperley, Buenos Aires.

In 1954, he succeeded György Orth as coach of Boca Juniors, this time winning the league with a four-point lead over Independiente. This was the club's first championship since he won the title with them as a player in 1944. Boca Juniors had an average attendance of 30,000 this year, the highest in the club's history. Lazzatti said goodbye to the club after this success and was replaced by Jaime Sarlanga.

From then on, he worked as a sports journalist. He first worked for El Gráfico, then for La Prensa and Canal 7. He died on the penultimate day of 1988 at the age of 73.




Motte-and-bailey fallacy

The motte-and-bailey fallacy is a way of arguing where someone uses two different ideas that seem similar but are not the same. One idea (the "motte") is easy to defend and not very controversial. The other (the "bailey") is more controversial and harder to defend. When someone argues for the controversial idea but gets challenged, they switch to defending the less controversial one. This makes it look like their original point is still valid, even though they are now arguing something different.

This fallacy (incorrect argument in logic and rhetoric) is named after a type of medieval castle called a motte-and-bailey. Nicholas Shackel, a philosopher, first talked about this fallacy in 2005. He compared it to the castle's defense strategy. In a motte-and-bailey castle, there's a stone tower on a hill (the motte) and a land area around it (the bailey). If attackers come, people in the castle retreat to the motte, which is easier to defend. Similarly, in the fallacy, the arguer retreats to the easier-to-defend idea when their main idea is attacked.

Apple I

The Apple I is a simple, 8-bit Personal computer and was the first offical product of the company, Apple Inc. It was designed by Steve Wozniak in 1976 as a simple computer board. Steve Jobs saw the computer board and decided to make a company called Apple Computer to sell it for $666.66. They ended selling up around 200 units and it was succeeded by the Apple II.

Marc Webb

Marc Preston Webb is an American director who made the movies 500 Days of Summer, The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 movie), The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Gifted, and The Only Living Boy in New York.

Many-worlds interpretation

The Many Worlds Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics is a theory about the Multiverse. 

Max Planck said that Electrons were more like waves than particles. This was called the Quantum theory. Albert Einstein said that electrons were sometimes waves and sometimes particles. This is called wave–particle duality. Niels Bohr said that when you see electrons, they’re either waves or particles but never both, but when you don’t see electrons they’re both waves and particles at the same time. This is part of the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory. Einstein said Bohr was wrong because “God does not play dice with The Universe”. Erwin Schrödinger came up with Schrödinger's cat to prove that Bohr was wrong. In the 1950s, Dr. Hugh Everett decided to answer the Schrödinger's cat argument with the idea that when there’s more than one possible thing that can happen, every one of them will happen at the same time, but each one will be in its own universe and nothing from one universe can go into another universe. This is like the idea of the multiverse but the difference is that it doesn’t just say that there are parts of the Universe that we can’t see but that there are different universes.

The theory (sometimes) gets mentioned in television shows, movies, and other popular culture.

In the last episode of Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated, Velma Dinkley wonders why she and her friends are now in a world without real Monsters and then shouts Schrödinger's cat, so her friend Marcy asks “What does the Many-Worlds interpretation of Quantum Mechanics have to do with this?” and Velma says “everything”.

In The Big Bang Theory, Penny asks Sheldon Cooper to dance and Sheldon says that he believes in the Many-worlds interpretation of Quantum mechanics which means that there is an Infinity of Parallel universes but he isn’t dancing in any of them. Penny asks, “Are you fun in any of them?” and Sheldon says, “In some of them, I’m a Clown made of Candy”.

In the television show The Flash, when people come from other Universes, Dr. Stein says that is possible because of the Many Worlds Interpretation. 

In the movie , when Mysterio says he’s from another universe, Peter Parker wonders how that’s impossible when the Many-worlds interpretation says that something cannot leave its own universe. 

And then in the next movie , different Spider-Men and different villains come from different dimensions into the main universe. 

Scooby Doo: Mystery Incorporated, Wikiquote
Big Bang Theory, The Gothowitz Deviation IMDB

“You’re Saying There’s a Multiverse?” Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019) Movie Clip HD

Not Now John

"Not Now John" is a 1983 song by Pink Floyd and was taken from their 12th studio album "The Final Cut". It went to number 30 in the United Kingdom and number 20 in Ireland and is sung by David Gilmour with Roger Waters singing the interludes and refrains.

TLC (TV network)

TLC is an American cable television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery. First started in 1980 as The Learning Channel, it focused on educational and teaching programming. By the late 1990s, after being bought by the owners of Discovery Channel earlier in the decade, the network began to move towards reality television programming—predominantly focusing on programming involving lifestyles and personal stories—to the point that the previous name of "The Learning Channel" was stopped.

As of February 2015, TLC is available to watch in about 95 million American households (81.6% of households with cable television) in the United States.

Chase Oliver

Chase Russell Oliver (born August 16, 1985) is an American political activist, sales account executive, and HR representative. Oliver was the Libertarian nominee for the 2022 United States Senate election in Georgia and the 2020 Georgia's 5th congressional district special election. He is a candidate for the Libertarian presidential nomination in the 2024 United States presidential election.

In the 2022 Georgia special United States Senate election, Oliver received over 2% of the popular vote, possibly acting as a spoiler candidate and forcing the Georgia senate race into a run-off.

Oliver is openly gay and resides in the suburbs of Atlanta.

C. C. Beck

Charles Clarence Beck (June 8, 1910 – November 22, 1989) was an American cartoonist and comic book artist, best known for his work on Captain Marvel (today known as Shazam!) at Fawcett Comics and DC Comics.

Mister Mind

Mister Mind is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck originally for publication by Fawcett Comics, first appearing in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #26. (1943).

He is an evil telepathic space-worm from the planet Venus who is an enemy of Captain Marvel (also known as Shazam) in Fawcett City. His incredible mental powers allow him to mind control his victims, taking advantage of and replacing anyone he needs to impersonate. Despite his diminutive appearance, he is an extremely formidable opponent and has gone through several monstrous transformations over the years. He is the leader of the Monster Society of Evil, an appropriately named organization that fights the Marvel Family.

Mister Mind appears in the DC Extended Universe movies "Shazam!" (2019) and "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023), portrayed in CGI and voiced by director David F. Sandberg.

Lego Scooby-Doo! Haunted Hollywood

Lego Scooby-Doo! Haunted Hollywood - A Lego movie. It's about 4 teenagers: Fred, Daphne, Velma, and Shaggy, and a talking dog named Scooby. They're here to make movies.


National Resistance Brigades

The National Resistance Brigades, also called Martyr Omar Al-Qassem Forces or Martyr Omar Al-Qasim Forces, is the military wing of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, operating in the Gaza Strip and conducting guerrilla warfare. Abu Khaled is it's spokesperson as well as one of its commanders. The group originally broke away from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine in 1969 forming the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine and also causing the formation of the National Resistance Brigades in 2000.

Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine

The Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) is a Palestinian organization. It follows a political ideology of Marxist–Leninism and Maoism. It it also sometimes reffered as the Democratic Front or al-Jabha al-Dīmūqrāṭiyya in the Arabic language (). It is part of the Palestine Liberation Organization, the Alliance of Palestinian Forces, and the Democratic Alliance List. The group was formed in 1969 by breaking away from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine and was formed by Nayef Hawatmeh.

 

New Jersey Plan

The New Jersey Plan, also known as the Small State Plan or the Paterson Plan, emerged during the Constitutional Convention of 1787 as a counterproposal to the Virginia Plan. William Paterson of New Jersey, along with other delegates from less populous states, voiced concerns about the Virginia Plan's bicameral legislature and proportional representation, fearing it would empower larger states at their expense. The New Jersey Plan advocated for a unicameral legislature, maintaining equal representation for each state, echoing the one-vote-per-state approach of the Articles of Confederation.

The plan proposed amending the Articles of Confederation, granting Congress additional powers such as the ability to raise funds through tariffs, regulate interstate and international commerce, and collect taxes based on free inhabitants and three-fifths of slaves. It also outlined the election of a federal executive and the establishment of a federal judiciary, emphasising the supremacy of the Articles of Confederation and treaties. Despite its rejection on June 19, 1787, the New Jersey Plan influenced the compromise that followed. The Connecticut Compromise, blending elements of both the Virginia and New Jersey Plans, resulted in the current structure of Congress, featuring a Senate with equal state representation and a House of Representatives based on population.

Nurul Syafiqah Hashim

Nurul Syafiqah Hashim (born 1 January 1994) is a Malaysian archer. Syafiqah Hashim competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Syaqiera Mashayikh

Syaqiera binti Mashayikh (born 24 November 2000) is a Malaysian archer. Mashayikh competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

A Prisoner of the Past

"A Prisoner of the Past" is a 1997 song by Prefab Sprout and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Andromeda Heights". It went to number 30 in the United Kingdom and was their last top 40 single to this date.

CD1

CD2

Captain Boycott (movie)

Captain Boycott is a 1947 British Irish historical drama movie directed by Frank Launder and starring Stewart Granger, Kathleen Ryan, Mervyn Johns, Alastair Sim, Cecil Parker, Edward Lexy, Eddie Byrne and Robert Donat. It was distributed by General Film Distributors.

List of Finland Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Finland Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Finland after playing their first match in 2019.

List of Slovenia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Slovenia Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Slovenia after playing their first match in July 2022.

Yahya Ayyash

Yahya Abd-al-Latif Ayyash (Arabic: يحيى عياش) (6 March 1966 – 5 January 1996) simply known as Yahya Ayyash was the chief bombmaker of Hamas and the leader of the West Bank battalion of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.

Ayyash was known for his expertise in bomb-making and Improvised explosive devices (IEDs), earning him the nickname ""The Engineer"." He played an important role in shaping the tactics of Hamas during a period marked by intense conflict between Israelis and Palestinians.

Yahya Ayyash was born on 6 March, 1966, in Rafat. He was the eldest among the three brothers. During his childhood, he showed a strong commitment to religious studies, earning recognition from the Islamic Trust for his Qur'an memorization skills.

Displaying an ability for electrical and mechanical work, Ayyash engaged in repairing radios and television sets as a young boy. Following his high school graduation in 1985, he pursued higher education at Birzeit University in 1987, where he focused on electrical engineering. Ayyash successfully earned a Bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering in 1991.

This educational background laid the foundation for his later involvement in activities related to his engineering expertise, particularly in the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, where he gained huge fame for his role as a key figure in the Hamas movement.
Denied permission by Israeli authorities to pursue a master's degree in Jordan, Ayyash faced a turning point in his life. It was during this period that he decided to join Hamas, marking a significant shift in his route towards involvement in the activities of the Palestinian militant organization.

Due to the unavailability of TNT and other powerful explosives in Palestinian territories (mainly the West Bank and Gaza Strip), Yahya Ayyash frequently relied on household items. He often combined acetone, found in nail polish remover, with detergent—both easily available everyday products. When these substances mixed, they created acetone peroxide, an explosive known as ""Mother of Satan"" due to its unpredictable nature.
After the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin, the Palestinian Authority began to co-operate more closely with Shin Bet in hunting Ayyash. Shin Bet managed to contact Ayyash's childhood friend Kamil Haddad. Kamil demanded money and israeli identity cards for himself and his wife. After the demand was accepted he agreed to co operate. Shin Bet agents gave Hamad a Mobile phone, and told him it was bugged so they could listen in on Ayyash's conversations. They did not tell Hamad that, in addition to Surveillance devices, it also contained 15 grams of RDX explosive. The phone was handed to Ayyash through Kamil's nephew Osama who was not knowing about his uncle's betrayal.

At around 8 AM on 5 January 1996, Ayyash's father called him. Ayyash picked it up and talked with his father. When the Israeli authorities confirmed it was Ayyash on call they detonated the explosive and thus Ayyash was assassinated.
Following Ayyash's assassination, four suicide bombings took place as a revenge which led to the killing of seventy-eight Israelis between February and March, 1996.

Israeli security services states that,"the attacks were most probably a direct reaction to the assassination of 'Ayyash' [with] no far-reaching political goal."

Israeli press says that soon after Betraying Yahya, Haddad family disappeared from Palestine; it also states that he received US$1 million, a fake passport and a visa to the United States.

Arcen

Arcen is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg. 
Since 2010 Arcen is part of the municipality of Venlo.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Arcen was on 25 July 2019.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Arcen was on 2 January 1997. 


HEC Paris Innovation &amp; Entrepreneurship Center

HEC Paris Innovation & Entrepreneurship Center is a research center created to develop Innovation and Entrepreneurship at HEC Paris. 

The center is member of Station F and is located in Paris as well as in Jouy-en-Josas. Around 500 students are followed classes over the three diplomas (Master of Science X-HEC Entrepreneurs; Master of Science in Innovation and Entrepreneurship and Executive Master of Science in Innovation an Entrepreneurship) of the school year. The center works with the Polytechnic Institute of Paris (specially the École polytechnique) and Coursera. Courses in the center include Creativity, Global Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurial Marketing, New Venture Creation, Venture Finance, Entrepreneurial Selling and Social Entrepreneurship.

The center has programs for students as well as for faculty to promote entrepreneurship.


Meritamen

Meritamen was a daughter of Ramses II and his wife Nefertari during the 19th dynasty of Egypt.

Meritamen was a daughter of Ramesses II and one of his wives, Nefertari. She appears as the fourth daughter in the list of daughters in Abu Simbel and had at least four brothers: Amun-her-khepeshef, Pareherwenemef, Meryre and Meryatum, and a sister named Henuttawy.

When her mother died , Meritamen and her half sister married Ramses II, and they held the title of Great royal wife.
Meritamen was buried at QV68 tomb in the Valley of the Queens. The tomb of Meritamen was described by Lepsius. An interesting scene in the tomb shows Meritamen offering cloth boxes to Osiris and Hathor. The inscriptions identify the Queen as King's Daughter, Great Royal Wife Lady of Both Lands (Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt)
Her coffin is now in Berlin museum (15274).



Macedonians in Bulgaria

Macedonians in Bulgaria also known as Pirin Macedonians () are a minority group of in the country of Bulgaria, who live in the Blagoevgrad province. According to Bulgaria's last census in 2021, there are 1,143 Macedonians. 

After the creation of the Principality of Bulgaria in 1878, many Macedonians immigrated to the new state, who created the Macedonian emigration community in Bulgaria. According to the League of Nations, the total number of Macedonian emigrants in Bulgaria for the period from 1878 to the mid-1920s was more than 300,000. It is the largest Macedonian emigration in the world, with enormous intellectual potential and a great cultural heritage. As a result the Macedonian elite grew extremely powerful and were in every corner of Bulgaria.

In the village of Kresna, in Pirin Macedonia on October 17, 1878, the Macedonian Uprising of the Macedonian people against the Ottoman government took place. The main leaders of the uprising were the Macedonian revolutionary Dimitar Pop-Georgiev Berovski and Duke Stojan Karastoilov. In the Constitution of the Macedonian Insurgent Committee from 1878 it is written: 

The uprising was planned to be a general Macedonian uprising and for this purpose, companies were formed in Tetovo, Veles, Skopje, Lerin, Kosturia and other regions in Macedonia. The uprising also aimed, after the liberation of Macedonia, to implement Article 23 of the Berlin Peace Treaty, which provided for autonomy for Macedonia, but also for additional reforms within the Turkish Empire.

After the end of the Balkan wars, Macedonians in Bulgaria in Pirin, together with the Strumica region, became part of the Kingdom of Bulgaria. Within the framework of the Paris Peace Conference after the end of the First World War, with the Nej Peace Treaty of 1919, Bulgaria cedes Strumica to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, whereby the Pirin part of Macedonia receives the borders in which it is defined until today. In the period after the Balkans and between the two world wars, based on the population exchange agreements between Bulgaria and Greece, a significant number of Macedonians from Aegean Macedonia immigrated to these parts.

in this period IMRO(A) of Todor Aleksandrov, and later Vančo Mihailov, use Pirin Macedonia as a base and shelter from where they often rush into Vardar Macedonia, carrying out armed attacks on the Serbian (Yugoslav) gendarmerie (army), as well as on the settlements with Serbian settlers - colonists. The activity and organization of the IMRO of Todor Alexandrov and Vančo Mihailov will be so great that they will establish their own independent authority in Pirin Macedonia, for which the official Bulgarian authorities will have to intervene under the order of the Bulgarian emperor to remove it.

During the Second World War, Pirin Macedonia, as part of the Kingdom of Bulgaria, will first raise its voice for liberation and unification with the rest of Macedonia. On the territory of Pirin Macedonia already in 1941, partisan detachments were formed under the leadership of the Macedonian communist from this region Nikola Parapunov, and it was in Pirin Macedonia that the first armed struggle against the Bulgarian fascist army and in general the first armed battle against the fascist army of The Balkans. 

On July 1, 1941, a small partisan detachment under the leadership of the Macedonian Ivan Kozarev attacked the Bulgarian fascist police near Razlog, which will officially begin the armed struggle of the Macedonian and other Balkan nations against the fascist occupiers. During the Second World War, Pirin Macedonia and the entire Macedonian people will lose one of the greatest Macedonian national actors and poets from this region, Nikola Vapcarov, who will be shot by the Bulgarian fascists in Sofia in 1942. 

In Pirin Macedonia in August 1943, the first activities of the Macedonian People's Federal Organization will be observed, which will act more actively during the period of national affirmation and freedom of the Macedonians in Pirin Macedonia, from 1944 to 1948 during the rule of Georgi Dimitrov.

Georgi Dimitrov, the leader of the Patriotic Front and the first president of the Peoples Republic of Bulgaria, who on his mother's side had Macedonian origins from the vicinity of Razlog, is the only Bulgarian statesman who not only recognized the existence of the Macedonian people as a separate Slavic nation, the Macedonian language as a separate Slavic language, Macedonian history and the Republic of Macedonia (then the People's Republic of Macedonia) as a national state of the Macedonians, but also advocated for the complete unification of Macedonia within the Balkan Federation.

Georgi Dimitrov in his 1934 letter to MNS from Detroit says:

Georgi Dimitrov will later confirm his views by formulating the following three points: 


Based on the 1946 census, 70% of the population in Pirin Macedonia declared themselves Macedonians. It was also a kind of referendum, so in the schools in Pirin Macedonia, teaching in the Macedonian mother tongue began, Macedonian bookstores were opened, and in Blagoevgrad (known by the native older Macedonians as Gorna Džumaja) the Macedonian National Theater began to work, and a directive was given to draft a legal project according to that the cultural autonomy of the Macedonians in Pirin Macedonia should be transformed into a territorial one. 

However, with the resolution of the Infoburo (the cooling of relations between the SFRY and Bulgaria), the death of Georgi Dimitrov and the coming to power of Todor Zhivkov, all this is prohibited, canceled and stopped due to the nationalistic xenophobic views of Zhivkov. Around the time the Bulgarian authority began stripping away the rights of Macedonians in Bulgaria, the Macedonian newspaper "Macedonian Flag" ("Makedonsko Zname") called into action that all Macedonians should act up and start revolting to safe their identity in the Bulgarian state, they wrote in a article titled ""We Must Escape from the Magic Circle"" and said:

Nebettawy

Nebettawy (also spelled Nebettauy) which means "Lady of the Two Lands" was an ancient Egyptian princess and queen, the fifth daughter of Ramses II in the procession of the daughters as depicted at Abu Simbel. 
Nebettawy may have been the daughter of Ramesses's wife, Nefertari. She would also later marry her father and became his great royal wife (possibly after death of Meritamen). 

Nebettawy appears as the fifth princess in procession of royal daughters as depicted in the temple of Abu Simbel. She appears after Bintanath, Bakmut, Nefertari, and Meritamen. The princesses are shown shaking a sistrum.

Nebettawy is not shown on the smaller temple of Abu Simbel. Nefertari is shown with Meritamen and Henuttawy on the facade of this temple. Nebettawy was later buried in QV60, the tomb was robbed during the antiquity period. It was later changed into a Christian chapel.

Neferu I

Neferu I ("the beauty") was the first queen of Ancient Egyptian Eleventh dynasty. She was a wife of the Pharaoh Mentuhotep I.
She was married to Mentuhotep I and had with him two sons Intef I and Intef II and she was a grandmother of Intef III and Queen Iah, his wife. She was also a great-grandmother of Neferu II.

Her importance is confirmed by the number of the times she is mentioned in her son's texts . She is identified as the mother of Intef II as she is mentioned in multiple texts of her son as "born of Neferu"

It is also possible that she is the same as the Queen Neferukayet, who is thought to be wife of Intef II. Her titles would be then:

"King's wife, his beloved", "King's daughter" and "Royal Ornament".

SAK Sportanlage Nonntal

The SAK Sportanlage Nonntal, also known as SAK-Platz, was a football stadium in the Nonntal district of Salzburg. It was the home of Salzburg's oldest football club, Salzburger AK 1914.
SAK played in Hellbrunn for the first few years after its founding in 1914. In 1921 it found a new home on the Berchtold Grounds in Nonntal. There they played until the facility was demolished in 2007. The first clubhouse was built around 1931 . A wooden stand was built in 1935, but it burned down in October 1949. In 1968/69 a concrete standing stand and the changing rooms underneath were built. On January 4, 2006, the roof of the grandstand, that had been brought from Lehen, collapsed due to heavy snow loads.

Because of the poor condition of parts of the facility demolition of the facility and the construction of the Sportzentrum Mitte have been considered since the 1980s. Demolition finally began in August 2007. Today the Unipark Nonntal, a building of the University of Salzburg, is located on the site.

Billy Graham rule

The Billy Graham rule is a rule that some preachers and Christian leaders follow. They do not spend time alone with any woman except their wife. This is done to avoid sexual temptation, and it may prevent false accusations of sexual misconduct. Some people call this rule the Modesto Manifesto. In 1948, Graham preached in meetings in Modesto, California. Together with Cliff Barrows, Grady Wilson and George Beverly Shea, Billy Graham promised to "avoid any situation that would have even the appearance of compromise or suspicion" 

In 2017, it began to be also called the Mike Pence rule. The US vice president is a practicing Evangelical Christian. He also supported the idea. Some people do not like the rule. It limits the careers of women who might need to meet with a male boss or co-worker. 

WAGR P class (diesel)

The WAGR P class were a total of 17 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1989 to 2000.

The P class were built by A. Goninan and Coy of Bassendean from 1989 to 1991. They entered service primarily on grain and general goods traffic, replacing 21 locomotives operating at the time. They became the primary motive power on the line of the old Midland Railway.

All were included in the sale of Westrail to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) in late 2000. All units remain in traffic mainly on agricultural goods trains around the Wheatbelt.

Rock with Sedaka

Rock with Sedaka or just known as Neil Sedaka is the debut studio album by Neil Sedaka. It was released in July, 1959 through RCA Victor records. Two singles were released from the album "The Diary" went to number 14 in the United States and "I Go Ape".

All songs were composed by Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield.

Cyprus Confidential

Cyprus Confidential is an investigation that became known to the public in November 2023. The investigation has given indications that show "how 67 of the 105 Russian billionaires on the 2023 Forbes World’s Billionaires List used financial services firms on the island to hide their wealth and keep it out of reach from Western sanctions"; The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and nearly "70 media organizations" had been doing the investigation, until the news story was published (in November).

European Terrestrial Reference System 1989

The European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 (ETRS89) is a geodetic group used for the Eurasian Plate. Since it does not move, it is not changed by Continental Drift. The Making of ETRS is connected to the geodetic gorup called The ITRS Geodetic datum. The group shows continental drift in a way that the movement of continental drift is none. 
ETRS89 was made by the Florence meeting of EUREF in 1990.

National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency

The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) is an agency inside the United States Department of Defense. Their work is collecting, looking at, and giving out geospatial intelligence for national security. It was called the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (NIMA) from 1996 to 2003.

NGA headquarters, also known as NGA Campus East or NCE, is at Fort Belvoir North Area in Springfield, Virginia. The agency also runs major places in the St. Louis, Missouri area (referred to as NGA Campus West or NCW), they also have offices worldwide. The area of the NGA headquarters is . It is the third-largest government building in the Washington metropolitan area after The Pentagon and the Ronald Reagan Building.

NGA also helps during natural and man-made disasters, aids in security planning for major events such as the Olympic Games, and gets data on climate change.

The director of the agency is Vice Admiral Frank D. Whitworth III.

Vertical datum

In geodesy, vertical datum or altimetric datum, is a coordinate surface used for vertical positions, such as the elevations of Earth-bound things, and altitudes of satellite orbits and in aviation.

Elena Maroulleti

Elena Maroulleti is a Greek Cypriot American independent Journalist and reporter and she is the first Greek Cypriot American to introduce internet radio and the second in the world to introduce an online Internet Radio Station streaming 24 hours 7 days a week called, AKTINA FM.

Ms. Maroulleti comes from the coastal town of famagusta in northern Cyprus. She studied at the London College of Secretaries and later in New York, at the Fashion Institute of Technology through a scholarship from her employer American Broadcasting Company (ABC).

Elena worked for TIAA-CREF in administration and later for ABC News in support of the network’s World News Tonight, Nightline, 20/20 and Good Morning America news programs.

Ms. Maroulleti co-founded and established the first Greek Cypriot Folk Dancing Group in America, “The Vraka,” which later became a fully-fletched cultural non-profit and tax-exempt organization known as, CYPRECO of America, Inc.

In 1993, she founded AKTINA Productions,Inc ., a non-profit and tax-exempt Media and Arts Cultural organization promoting the cultures of Greece and Cyprus through radio, television and live performances. That same year she also founded and established AKTINA FM as the first bilingual Greek American Radio on WNYE 91.5FM and soon later on the Internet. AKTINA Productions, Inc., owns and operates both AKTINA FM and AKTINA TV. In 1994 she introduced the successful concert series, GREEK MUSIC JOURNEY (GMJ). 

In 2002 she founded AKTINA TV, the first English-language Greek American Television program available in New York City on a local channel (WNYE Channel 25). Since then, she has produced for AKTINA TV over 100 mini documentaries and stories on the cultures, history and ancient sites of Cyprus and Greece and about the Greek American and Greek Cypriot American community. 

Elena Maroulleti was honored as “Personality of the Year” by the international magazine Yessiey at the “Yessiey Awards 2023” which celebrated women “Innovators and Change-Makers.”

She was awarded by elected U.S officials with Citations, Proclamations and Congressional records and she is also the recipient of the “Women of Achievement Pacesetter Award 2000” initiated and presented by former Council Speaker Peter Vallone, Sr., on March 28, 2000.

AKTINA FM

AKTINA FM, the first and only true bilingual Greek American Radio, delivers a wide variety of public service programs of culture, enlightenment and entertainment.

AKTINA FM was honored by the City of New York with a Street co-naming - “AKTINA FM Way” -becoming the first and only Greek American Radio with a Street named after it. This honor was bestowed upon the radio on its 25th anniversary in recognition of its important contributions for New Yorkers and for the promotion of the Greek and Cypriot cultures in America.

AKTINA FM was founded on May 3, 1993 in New York City by Elena Maroulleti, an independent journalist and reporter. It is the only Greek American Radio Station streaming online in a true bilingual format, and the second Online Radio Station to emerge in the world.

AKTINA FM, was initially introduced by Ms. Maroulleti on New York’s public station, WNYE 91.5FM as the first Greek American bilingual radio and soon after online.

In 2016, AKTINA FM expanded its presence on the Internet becoming a fully fletched Online Radio Station streaming 24 hours 7 days a week nationwide in the U.S.A and worldwide. It has over one million listeners in the Tri-State area of New York and over two million worldwide. AKTINA FM is owned and operated by the non-profit and tax-exempt Media and Arts Cultural Organization, AKTINA Productions, Inc.


Pseudophilautus decoris

The elegant shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus decoris") is a frog. It lives in two places in Sri Lanka, one 60 m above sea level and one 1060 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 18.3–20.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 19.0–23.9 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is gray-brown in color with dark brown bands and other marks. There is some yellow-green color on the shoulders and red-brown color in the middle., and two black stripes. The sides of the body are yellow-gray in color with some dark brown marks. Parts of the back legs are light blue in color. The belly is yellow with small black spots. The bottoms of the feet are black with white marks.

The female frog lays 6-155 eggs at a time. She mixes them into the dirt. Scientists think this means more air will reach the eggs this way. Inside the eggs, the growing frogs look like tadpoles, but they hatch as small frogs. The young frogs are the same colors as the adult frogs.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. It is in danger of being dead. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives to get wood to build things with or make places for animals to eat grass and because of climate change and new chemicals near where the frog lives. Other animals also eat this frog. Some of them have been in the frog's habitat for many years. Others were brought there by human beings. Scientists are not sure whether the fungal disease chytridiomycosis is in Sri Lanka. Chytridiomycosis has killed frogs in other parts of the world.

The scientific name "decoris" comes from a Greek word meaning "beautiful" or "elegant."

GlTF

glTF is a file format for 3D models, 3D scenes, and 3D assets. It is a standard file format that can be read by many programs. A glTF file can have file extensions of .gltf (JSON/ASCII) or .glb (binary). Both .gltf and .glb files may use external resources, such as for images or mesh data. Or, both may have data embedded inside of them (as base64-encoded text in .gltf files or as raw bytes in .glb files). glTF is an open standard developed and maintained by the Khronos Group. glTF supports 3D model geometry, appearance, scene graph hierarchy, and animation. glTF is intended to be a simple, portable, and compatible format for 3D assets, reducing file size and runtime processing by apps. As such, its creators have called it the "JPEG of 3D."

The glTF format stores data primarily in JSON. The binary .glb format is still JSON data, but saved as a binary blob instead of plain text. The JSON may also contain blobs of binary data known as buffers, and use external files, for storing mesh data, images, etc.

The fundamental building blocks of a glTF scene are nodes. Nodes are organized into a hierarchy. Nodes may have other nodes defined as children. Nodes may have transforms relative to their parent. Nodes may use resources, such as meshes, skins, and cameras. Meshes may refer to materials, which refer to textures, which refer to images. Scenes are defined using an array of root nodes.

Most of the top-level glTF properties use a flat hierarchy for storage. Nodes are saved in an array called "nodes", and are pointed to by index, including by other nodes. A glTF scene points to its root nodes by index. Furthermore, nodes point to meshes by index, which point to materials by index, which point to textures by index, which point to images by index.

All glTF data structures can be extended using an "extensions" JSON property. This allows adding arbitrary JSON data to any part of the glTF. The specifics of the data are defined using an extension specification which builds on the base glTF spec. See the Extensions section for more information.

Members of the COLLADA working group created glTF in 2012. At SIGGRAPH 2012, Khronos showed a demo of glTF, which was then called WebGL Transmissions Format (WebGL TF). On October 19, 2015, Khronos released the glTF 1.0 specification.

At SIGGRAPH 2016, Oculus announced they were adopting glTF because of the similarities to their ovrscene format. In October 2016, Microsoft joined the Khronos 3D Formats working group to work together on glTF.

glTF 2.0 was released in June 2017. glTF 2.0 was a huge change compared to version 1.0. Most tools adopted the 2.0 version. Physically based rendering (PBR) was added, replacing WebGL shaders used in glTF 1.0, thanks to a proposal by Fraunhofer at SIGGRAPH 2016. Changes were made to accessors and morph targets for facial animation. Top-level glTF object properties were replaced with arrays for faster index-based access. There were many other schema tweaks and breaking changes compared to glTF 1.0. There is ongoing work towards import and export in Unity and an integrated multi-engine viewer / validator.

On March 3, 2017, Microsoft announced that they will be using glTF 2.0 as the 3D asset format in their apps, including Paint 3D, 3D Viewer, Remix 3D, Babylon.js, and Microsoft Office. Sketchfab also announced support for glTF 2.0. As of 2019, the glTF and GLB formats are used by companies including DGG, UX3D, Sketchfab, Facebook, Microsoft, Oculus, Google, Adobe, Box, TurboSquid, Unreal Engine and Qt Quick 3D. The glTF format is an important standard for augmented reality because it works with Autodesk Maya, Autodesk 3ds Max, and Poly.

In February 2020, the Smithsonian Institution started their Open Access Initiative, releasing approximately 2.8 million 2D images and 3D models into the public domain, using glTF for the 3D models.

In July 2022, glTF 2.0 was released as the ISO/IEC 12113:2022 International Standard. Khronos said they will keep ISO/IEC 12113 updated with new glTF functionality to ensure that the ISO/IEC and Khronos specifications stay in sync.

The glTF format can be extended with arbitrary JSON to add new data and functionality. Extensions can be placed on any part of a glTF, including nodes, animations, materials, textures, and on the entire file. Khronos keeps a list of some glTF extensions on GitHub, including all official extensions from Khronos and a few third-party extensions.






On August 10, 2015, 3D Tiles was built on glTF. 3D Tiles adds spatial data, metadata, and geospatial data. The geospatial data can be styled and streamed. 3D Tiles is now a proposed OGC Community Standard.

VRM, a model format for VR, is built on the .glb format. It is a 3D human avatar file format.

Khronos works on the glTF Sample Viewer to view assets, as part of the glTF Software ecosystem. Khronos also works on the Validator, which validates glTF assets.

glTF files can be used in many open-source WebGL engines including PlayCanvas, Three.js, Babylon.js, Cesium, PEX, xeogl, and A-Frame. The Godot game engine supports and recommends glTF files, with both import and export support.

Open-source glTF converters allow converting from COLLADA, FBX, and OBJ. Assimp can import and export glTF.

glTF files can be exported from many 3D editors, such as Blender, Vectary, Autodesk 3ds Max (natively or using Verge3D exporter), Autodesk Maya (using babylon.js exporter), Autodesk Inventor, Modo, Houdini, Paint 3D, Godot, and Substance Painter.

Open-source glTF utility libraries are available for programming languages including JavaScript, Node.js, C++, C#, Haskell, Java, Go, Rust, Haxe, Ada, and TypeScript.

3D Commerce, a standards group for 3D content in e-commerce, uses glTF for realistic 3D assets. In June 2021, the 3D Commerce viewer certification program was launched, allowing 3D viewers to prove they can accurately and reliably display 3D products using the glTF file format. 3D Commerce's asset guidelines, released in 2020, include best practices for using glTF files in 3D Commerce.



Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres

Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres (15 November 1752 – 20 July 1831) was a French statesman during the French Revolution and a supporter of Napoleon Bonaparte and the French Empire. He was president of the National Convention for two times.

Jean-Baptiste Treilhard

Jean-Baptiste Treilhard (3 January 1742 – 1 December 1810) was an important French statesman of the revolutionary period. He was president of the National Convention.

First Intermediate Period

During a time called The First Intermediate Period, which some people call a "dark period," Ancient Egypt went through around 125 years without a strong ruler. This happened after the end of the Old Kingdom, around 2181-2055 BC. The dynasties of the first intermediate period are: the Seventh Dynasty, the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and the beginning of the Eleventh Dynasty.
During the First Intermediate Period, which started after the Old Kingdom, there aren't many big buildings or monuments left to show what happened. This is especially true at the beginning of this time. This period was a time when two groups fought for power in Egypt. One group was in a city called Heracleopolis in Lower Egypt, near Fayoum, and the other group was in Thebes, which is in Upper Egypt. Some people think that during this time, temples were robbed, artwork was damaged, and statues of kings were broken or destroyed because of the political mess. The two groups fought against each other, and the group in Thebes won and took over the north. This led to the reunification of Egypt under one ruler named Mentuhotep II during the second part of the Eleventh Dynasty. This event marked the beginning of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt.
In the Sixth Dynasty (2345-2181 BC), the power of the pharaoh decreased as nomarchs (regional governors) emerged. These officials were no longer under the control of the royal family of the 6th dynasty, and their positions became stronger, leading to the formation of local dynasties that had independence from the central control of the pharaoh. 
some sources from later times describe the end of the old kingdom as a time of confusion and mess. The reasons for the end of the Old Kingdom are not clear, but some ideas are suggested: 
The Seventh and Eighth Dynasties are not talked about much because we don't know much about the rulers during these times. A historian named Manetho said there were 70 kings who ruled for just one day each, which probably isn't true because it sounds like he was trying to explain how messed up things were during this time. It's possible that the people in charge during the Seventh Dynasty were important officials from the Sixth Dynasty who wanted to keep control of the country from Memphis. We don't have many clues about the Eighth Dynasty rulers, but they claimed to be related to the Sixth Dynasty kings and also ruled from Memphis. We don't have many artwork or texts from these dynasties, but we've found a few things, like artifacts that belongs to Neferkare II from the Seventh Dynasty, and a green jasper cylinder that might have been made during the Eighth Dynasty. There's also a small pyramid that some people think was built by a king named Ibi during the Eighth Dynasty at Saqqara. Some kings, like Iytjenu, are only mentioned once, so their roles aren't known well.
During the time of the weaker Memphis rulers, a group of kings rose from Heracleopolis in Lower Egypt. These rulers, known as the Ninth and Tenth Dynasties, had a total of 38 listed kings. The Heracleopolitan kings are believed to have gone in wars against the weak Memphite rulers to create the Ninth Dynasty, but there is little evidence to support this theory. The ending of the 9th dynasty,and starting of 10th dynasty was marked by a significant reduction in population in the Nile Valley, and the cause of this is unclear.

The founder of the Ninth Dynasty, Akhthoes or Akhtoy, is often shown as a cruel and violent ruler in historical records, such as those by Manetho. It is possible that Akhthoes and Wahkare Khety I are the same person, as they both share this character and reputation Wahkare Khety I is listed as a king in the Turin king list, and it is said that he caused harm to the Egyptians and eventually died from a crocodile due to his madness.
Kheti I succeeded Akhthoes or Wahkare Khety I, and little is known about his reign. His successor, Kheti III, may have brought some stability to the Delta region, but the power and influence of the Ninth Dynasty kings were less than that of the Old Kingdom pharaohs.

During this time, a distinguished line of nomarchs emerged from the province of Siut (or Asyut) in the south. These warrior princes had close relationships with the Heracleopolitan kings and left inscriptions in their tombs that provide informations about the political situation during their reigns. These inscriptions describe the Siut nomarchs digging canals, reducing taxes, growing crops, taking care of large groups of animals, and managing the army and navy. The province of Siut was in the middle between the rulers in the north and the south, protecting them from getting into conflicts. However, the leaders of Siut often faced attacks from the Theban kings because of their position in this strategic area.

it has been suggested that an invasion of Upper Egypt occurred at the same time as the founding of the Heracleopolitan kingdom, leading to the establishment of the Theban kings, which included the Eleventh dynasty. These kings were believed to be familly of Intef, the nomarch of Thebes, who played an important role in organizing Upper Egypt into an independent one region in the south. Although Intef himself did not claim the title of king, his successors in the Eleventh and Twelfth Dynasties later did so on his behalf. Notably, Intef II made a military campaign against the north, specifically at Abydos.

Around 2060 BC, Intef II defeated the governor of Nekhen, which allowed for further expansion south towards Elephantine. His successor, Intef III, completed the conquest of Abydos and moved into Middle Egypt against the Heracleopolitan kings. The first three kings of the Eleventh Dynasty, all named Intef, were also the last three kings of the First Intermediate Period. They were succeeded by a line of kings, all called Mentuhotep. Mentuhotep II, also known as Nebhepetra, eventually defeated the Heracleopolitan kings around 2033 BC and unified the country to continue the Eleventh Dynasty, bringing Egypt into the Middle Kingdom where Egypt was unified under one sole ruler.

Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud

Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud ( 31 May 1753 – 31 October 1793) was a French lawyer and statesman, a figure of the French Revolution. He was a deputy to the Assembly from Bordeaux. Vergniaud was an good public speaker. He supported Jacques Pierre Brissot and the Girondist faction. He was the President of the National Convention.

Jean-Paul Rabaut Saint-Étienne

Jean-Paul Rabaut Saint-Étienne (4 November 1743 – 5 December 1793) was a leader of the French Protestants and a moderate French revolutionary. He was President of the National Convention.

Jean-Jacques Bréard

Jean-Jacques Bréard (October 1751- January 2, 1840) was born into a family of a navy inspectors. He moved to France as a young boy in 1758. His first involvement in politics included organizing elections to the Estates General in Marennes and President of the National Convention

Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt

The Eleventh Dynasty in ancient Egypt, also called Dynasty XI, is a group of pharaohs who ruled during Middle kingdom, the earlier rulers were grouped with the four dynasties before them and called the First Intermediate Period. Later, the later rulers were considered part of a time called the Middle Kingdom. All of these pharaohs ruled from a place called Thebes, which is in Upper Egypt.

Edmond Louis Alexis Dubois-Crancé

Edmond Louis Alexis Dubois-Crancé (14 October 1747 – 28 June 1814) was a French musketeer, general, and revolutionary politician who was minister of war for a few months. He was the 12th President of the National Convention from 21 February to 7 March 1793.

Armand Gensonné

Armand Gensonné (10 August 1758 in Bordeaux – 31 October 1793 in Paris) was a French politician. He was the 13th President of the National Convention from 7 to 21 March 1793.

Jean Antoine Joseph Debry

Jean-Antoine-Joseph de Bry, also spelled Debry (25 November 1760 – 6 January 1834), was a French politician of the French Revolution. He was President of the National Convention from March to April 1793.

Vector Map

The Vector Map (VMAP) is a map collection made by The NGA. It is based on the geographic information system, and uses the form of Vector for graphics. It has 2 levels of graphics as of current, Level 0, which uses low-quality images, and is in the public domain. Level 1 which uses medium-quality images, and is partly in public domain. 

Hugh Everett

Dr. Hugh Everett was an American physicist who got his Phd in 1957 when he came up with the Many-worlds interpretation of Quantum mechanics. This says that The Universe is not the only world that there is but that there are other Universes. It says that when more than one possible thing can happen, every one of those things happens at the same time and gets its own Universe.

Peter Seidler

Peter Seidler (November 7, 1960 – November 14, 2023) was an American businessman. He was the chairman of the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball. He died on November 14, 2023, a week after his 63rd birthday.


Abigail Spanberger

Abigail Anne Spanberger (née Davis; born August 7, 1979) is an American politician. She is a U.S. representative from since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Spanberger is a former CIA officer.

In November 2023 Spanberger announced that she would be retiring from the House to run for Governor of Virginia in the 2025 election.

Sabireen Movement

The Sabireen Movement (, ""), meaning the "Movement of the Patient Ones," was a Palestinian Shia militant group. It formed in early 2014 when leaders in Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) converted to Shia Islam and became dissatisfied with PIJ's leadership. The group also disagreed with Hamas' stance on the Yemeni Civil War and Syrian Civil War, supporting the Saudi-led intervention and anti-government groups, respectively. The group was later destroyed by Hamas in 2019 and many of the members of the group joined Al-Quds Brigades.

Intef the Elder

Intef the elder was an important Theban ruler during First Intermediate Period, and the founder of 11th dynasty. The Royal List of Karnak mentioned as predecessor of Mentuhothep I.

Intef the Elder was not a pharaoh, but the ruler of Thebes around 2150 BC. In this role, he would have served either a king of the 8th Dynasty or one of the Herakleopolitan kings of the 9th or 10th Dynasty. Intef the Elder’s control would have been from Thebes to Aswan in the south, but not farther north than Coptos, which was then controlled by another dynasty of governers. It is believed that Intef the Elder was the father of his successor on the Theban throne, Mentuhotep I. 
Intef the Elder is also probably the same person as “Intef-aa born of Iku”, to whom Senusret I dedicated a seated statue depicting Intef as a scribe, the texts on the statue says: 

Auguste Mariette discovered a stele belonging to the “hereditary prince Intefi” at Dra’ Abu el-Naga’ on the west bank of Thebes. This stele is currently in the Egyptian Museum (CG 20009). The stele provides information about Intef’s titles and indicates that he served an unnamed pharaoh. 

Monster Society of Evil

The Monster Society of Evil are a fictional team of super-villains who appear in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics. They oppose Captain Marvel and the Marvel Family. Their leader is Mister Mind, a telepathic worm from Venus. They have also been enemies to the All-Star Squadron. There have been many members over the years and several incarnations of the team, but the most known version of it was formed by Black Adam, Oggar, Doctor Sivana, Ibac, King Kull, and Mister Atom.

The Monster Society of Evil was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first appearing in Captain Marvel Adventures #22 (1943).

Marvel Family

The Marvel Family, also known as the Shazam Family (also Shazamily), is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and later acquired by DC Comics. It is the DC Universe's first superhero family. There have been many members over the years, including Uncle Marvel, Captain Marvel Jr., and Mary Marvel; but the original group was founded by Captain Marvel and the Lieutenant Marvels.

During the events of 52, Captain Marvel's longtime foe Black Adam would go on to create his own version of the Marvel Family which he called the Black Marvel Family. In The New 52, the Marvel is now known as the Shazam Family.

The Marvel Family was created by C. C. Beck, first appearing in "Whiz Comics" #21 (1941).

The Shazam Family made their cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!", released in 2019 by New Line Cinema and Warner Bros., and returned in the 2023 sequel, "Shazam! Fury of the Gods".

Mary Marvel

Mary Marvel is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. She is the twin sister of Captain Marvel and a member of the Marvel Family, given incredible powers by the Wizard Shazam. Originally, Mary Batson is adopted under the name Mary Bromfield, although she later discovers Billy Batson is her long-lost brother. In The New 52, Mary was known as Lady Shazam. In the Infinite Frontier, Mary later became the new champion of the Wizard and was given the full power of Shazam before later retaking the title of Mary Marvel again. She has been a member of the Justice League, the Super Buddies, and the Black Marvel Family.

The powers she has been granted include S for the grace of Selene, H for the strength of Hippolyta, A for the skill of Ariadne, Z for the fleetness of Zephyrus, A for the beauty of Aurora, and M for the wisdom of Minerva. The Prime Earth version swaps out Artemis for stamina instead of Ariadne, Selene for agility instead of Selena, and Aurora for invulnerability rather than beauty. These are the powers of the mythological figures themselves.

Mary Marvel was created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze, first appearing in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #18 (1942).

Mary Bromfield and her superhero alter-ego both made their cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe 2019 movie "Shazam!", played by Grace Fulton and Michelle Borth, respectively. Fulton returned in the sequel, "Shazam! Fury of the Gods," playing both parts.

DC Entertainment

DC Entertainment is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery that manages its comic book units and intellectual property (characters) in other units based on publications from DC Comics as they work with other Warner Bros units.

DC Entertainment and Troll Court Entertainment produced the "Peacemaker" series, which was released on HBO Max in 2022.

Deir Abi Saeed SC

Deir Abi Saeed Club نادي دير أبي سعيد is one of the Jordanian football clubs. It plays in the Jordanian second division football league, and has participated in the Jordan Cup in several seasons. The club was founded in 1976 AD in the Koura District / Deir Abi Saeed in northern Jordan. The club carries out sporting, cultural and social activities.

California's 1st State Senatorial district

California's 1st Senatorial district is a senatorial district in California.

California's 2nd State Senatorial district

California's 2nd State Senatorial district is a senatorial district in California.

Jaded (Miley Cyrus song)

"Jaded" is a 2023 song by Miley Cyrus and is the third single from her eighth studio album "Endless Summer Vacation". It went to number 27 in the United Kingdom, number 56 in the United States, number 30 in Iceland and Canada, number 75 in Australia and number 21 in Ireland.

Cinclus cinclus

Cinclus cinclus is a kind of bird.

It became the national bird of Norway, in the 1960s.

The Wingfeather Saga

The Wingfeather Saga is a book series that was made by Andrew Peterson. It has four main books, which are called "On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness", "North! Or Be Eaten", "The Monster in the Hollows", and "The Warden and the Wolf King". There are also three side books, which are "Pembrick's Creaturepedia", "Wingfeather Tales", and "A Ranger's Guide to Glipwood Forest". The books were originally published by Rabbit Room Press, then published again with new covers and illustrations in 2020 by WaterBrook & Multnomah. 

The main books are about three kids named Janner, Tink, and Leeli Igiby and also their mother Nia Igiby and grandfather Podo Helmer. In the story, they need to battle and escape from the Fangs, which are creatures that are like snakes but they stand on two legs and are very dangerous. The world the story is in is called Aerwiar. 

There is also an animated TV series of "The Wingfeather Saga" that was made by Angel Studios.

Wan Khalmizam

Wan Mohd Khalmizam bin Wan Abdul Aziz (born 21 August 1986) is an archer from Malaysia. Khalmizam competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Joanna Agius

Joanna Jane Agius (born 25 June 1958) is a Maltese archer. Agius competed at the 1980, 1984, and 1988 Summer Olympics.

Mosab Al Khateeb

Mosab Al Khateeb (Arabic: مصعب الخطيب ) is a Jordanian singer and domposer. He first appeared to the Arab audience in late 2013 when he appeared on the program "Star Academy" 

He was born in the city of Salt in 1988. He grew up and studied primary school there, after which he completed his university studies in the Department of Business Administration. He was influenced by singing from a young age He began singing and participating in events at the age of nine. He was a contestant on the program "Star Academy"

After Musab returned to Jordan decided to Single released a dedication to the Arab audience who supported him throughout his time on Star Academy, entitled “The Single”. After that, he released a work entitled "Jordan and cut off".
He participated in the program and reached sixth place He is the first student to obtain “top” three times.



Frankish language

Frankish (Frankish: "Frenkisk") is a now extinct West Germanic language primarily spoken by the Franks from around the 5th century to the 9th century. It was primarily spoken in Francia.
After around the 8th and 9th centuries, the Frankish language started to go extinct as it graudaully evolved into Old Dutch. The Frankish language also influenced Old French to become a influencing linkage of Romance dialects, for it's time. The Frankish language also influenced the development of the French, German, and Dutch langauges. The Frankish language descends from West Germanic dialects spoken a group of West Germanics around the Weser and Rhine rivers in modern-day Germany.

Brian Cage

Brian Christopher Joseph Button (born February 2, 1984) is an American professional wrestler and bodybuilder. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Brian Cage. He also appears in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He is one-third of the current ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champions with The Embassy.

Button is also known for his time with the Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Lucha Underground, and Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA).

In AEW, Cage has been a one-time FTW Champion. In TNA, he was a one-time Impact World Champion and one-time Impact X Division Champion.

On January 12, 2020, Cage signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). At Double or Nothing, Cage would make his AEW debut. He would be managed by Taz and would enter the Casino Ladder Match. Cage would win the match and earn himself a future match for the AEW World Championship. 

Cage was supposed to fight Jon Moxley for his AEW World Championship on the Night 2 of Fyter Fest. The match had to be rescheduled for Fight for the Fallen because Moxley's wife Renee Young had contracted COVID-19 and he was forced to quarantine. Due to the match being rescheduled, Taz decided to bring back the FTW Championship and award it to Cage. He would finally fight Moxley for the World Championship at Fight for the Fallen but would end up losing after Taz decided to throw in the towel and force a forfeit.

Cage would go on to join a stable led by Taz called Team Taz. They would also be joined by Ricky Starks. At All Out, Cage would enter a 21-man Casino Battle Royale for a AEW World Championship match in the future but the match would be won by Lance Archer. On Night Two of New Year's Smash, Cage would face Darby Allin for the AEW TNT Championship but would lose. On Night One of Fyter Fest, Cage would lose the FTW Championship to Ricky Starks. He would be kicked out of Team Taz after being hit in the head with the title by Powerhouse Hobbs.

At Supercard of Honor XV, Cage would join Tully Blanchard's group and they would later be joined by Gates of Agony (Toa Liona and Kaun). Prince Nana would take over leadership of the group and reform The Embassy.

They would go on to defeat Dalton Castle and The Boys to win the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships at Final Battle.

At AEW Grand Slam, they would lose the titles to The Elite ("Hangman" Adam Page and The Young Bucks) but would win them back on the November 1 edition of "Dynamite".


Sana Mir

Sana Mir (born 5 January 1986) is a Pakistani cricket commentator and former cricketer who served as a captain of the Pakistan national women's cricket team in ODIs and T20Is.

She has led Pakistan to two Gold medals in Asian Games, first in 2010 and then again in 2014.


Super black

Super black is a special kind of surface made by the National Physical Laboratory in the United Kingdom. It can take in about 99.6% of light that we can see. This is more than normal black paint, which absorbs about 97.5% of light. Super black is even better at different angles. For example, at 45 degrees, it can absorb 99.9% of light.

Super black is made by changing the surface of a nickel-phosphorus mix. This makes the surface able to take in a lot of light.

People use super black in special tools that need to reduce light that is not wanted. One problem with super black is that it is not very thick. This means that light from things like heat, which has a longer wave, can go through it and reflect more.

In 2009, a new material called Vantablack was made. It is based on tiny tubes made of carbon. It is good at absorbing light in a wide range of types.

In 2011, NASA and the US Army started to study how to use these tiny carbon tube coatings in tools that need to see things very clearly. Now, people can buy coatings made from these carbon nanotubes.

Andy Williams (guitarist)

Andrew J. Williams (born December 12, 1977) is an American professional wrestler and guitarist. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) under the ring name The Butcher. He is a one-half of the tag team The Butcher and the Blade with The Blade. Williams is also known for his time as the rhythm guitarist for the metalcore band Every Time I Die from 1998 until their breakup in 2022.

On the November 27, 2019 episode of "Dynamite", The Butcher made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He, along with The Blade and The Bunny, would attack Cody after his match. On the December 11 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would team and they would defeat the team of Cody and Q. T. Marshall. This gave Butcher his first victory in AEW.

On the Feburary 19, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would enter a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was ultimately won by the The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson). At All Out, Butcher would enter the 21 Man Casino Battle Royale but it would be won by Lance Archer. On the September 30 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher would challenge Jon Moxley for the AEW World Championship but lost. On the October 21 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would compete in a four-way tag team match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was won by The Young Bucks.

At Revolution, Butcher and Blade competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale which was won by Death Triangle (Rey Fénix and Pac). At "The House Always Wins", both Butcher and Blade would compete in a 15 Man Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. Butcher would end up winning the match and would challenge Darby Allin for the title but lost.

On the April 6 episode of "Dark", Butcher would defeat Jon Cruz and get his first singles victory in AEW.

Butcher and Blade would face the Lucha Brothers (Penta El Zero Miedo and Rey Fénix) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships on the September 17 episode of "Rampage" but lost.

Grindavík

Grindavík () is a fishing town on the southern part of the Southern Peninsula in Iceland.

It is one of the few towns with a harbor on the southern coast of this peninsula. Most of the people in Grindavík work in the fishing industry. The Blue Lagoon, one of Iceland's most famous tourist attractions, is located from the town center. 

In November 2023, with an increasing and severe seismic activity, a state of emergency was declared and Grindavík was evacuated, because a magma tunnel was formed under the town and there is a risk that it could cause a volcanic eruption in the form of a fissure vent in the town.

On 18 December 2023, at around 22:00 local time (GMT), the volcano erupted as a fissure vent, as expected, which was long. The volcanic eruption was northeast of Grindavík. Lava fountains, up to high, could be seen from Iceland's capital, Reykjavík. Authorities said they were highly prepared.

Grindavík is twinned with:



Christopher Daniels

Christopher Daniel Covell (born March 24, 1970) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles and works as Head of Talent Relations for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Christopher Daniels. He also wrestles in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH).

He has also spent time wrestling in World Wrestling Federation (WWF), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Ring of Honor (ROH), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He is also known for his many years spent wrestling on the independent circuit.

On January 8, 2019, Daniels signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

At Double or Nothing, Daniels would make his in-ring AEW debut. He would team with his SoCal Uncensored teammates Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky. They would defeat the team of Strong Hearts (Cima, T-Hawk, and El Lindaman).

At Fyter Fest, Daniels would have his first AEW singles match in a losing effort to CIMA. At Full Gear on November 19, Daniels would return from an injury and help save his SCU teammates from a beatdown by the Lucha Brothers.

On the March 17, 2020 episode of "Dark", Daniels would get his first singles victory when he defeated Stu Grayson. On the May 27 episode of "Dynamite", Daniels would enter a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship but the match would be won by Jungle Boy.

When teaming with Kazarian, Kazarian would cut a promo and say that the tag team would break up the next time that they lost. They would earn a shot at AEW World Tag Team Championships but they ended up losing to The Young Bucks on the May 12 episode of "Dynamite" and had to split up as a tag team.

Daniels would be suspended from the company after helping break up a real-life backstage fight that took place between Kenny Omega, The Young Bucks, CM Punk, and Ace Steel at All Out. After an independent investigation officially concluded that Daniels was breaking up the fight, his suspension was lifted.


Ravina (actress)

Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies. She acted in the 1997 film "Praner Cheye Priyo" with Riaz. She also appeared in "Sabdhan" and "Dolopoti", again opposite Riaz.

Shivani Tanksale

Shivani Tanksale is a Mumbai-based theatre director and actress who appears in Bollywood films and advertisements.

Rushad Rana

Rushad Rana is an Indian actor. He is well known for his portrayals of Raghav in "Hip Hip Hurray", Nikhil in "Kehta Hai Dil", Sumit in "Sasural Simar Ka", Ex-drama teacher turned principal of Pragati Vidya Ka Mandir in "Yeh Un Dinon Ki Baat Hai" and Aniruddh Gandhi in "Anupamaa".


Jhonny González

Jhonny González Vera (born September 15, 1981) is a Mexican professional boxer. He is a three-time former world champion in two weight classes, having held the WBO bantamweight title from 2005 to 2007, and the WBC featherweight title twice between 2011 and 2015. Additionally, he held the IBO featherweight title from 2010 to 2011.

González married professional wrestler Dulce García, better known as Sexy Star, in June 2015.

Rahul K. P.

Rahul Kannoly Praveen (born 16 March 2000) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters and the India national team.

Kerala Blasters



Gurvinder Singh

Gurvinder Singh is an Indian film director. He is best known for his Punjabi language films "Anhe Ghore Da Daan", and Chauthi Koot (The Fourth Direction) which premiered at Venice and Cannes Film Festival respectively. Gurvinder is an alumnus of the prestigious Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune from where he studied film-making and graduated in 2001.



Tuang Za Khai

Tuang Za Khai, born on August 18, 1986, is a writer, author, and researcher among the Zomi people. One of his popular books, "A Hizolo Omlo" (Nothing Is Impossible), published in 2014, was a bestseller in Chin State. He regularly contributes fiction and nonfiction articles to local journals, magazines, and newsletters. Tuang is recognized for his scientific research on plant-microbe interaction, particularly plant-plant pathogen interaction, among the Zomi community.

Tuang began his education in Primary School, Pakzaang, Tedim Township, and later attended Private High School, Mualbeem, Tedim Township. He completed high school in Tedim (Lawibual) in 2003, achieving excellent grades and receiving several prizes and awards. He pursued a Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Botany at Kalay University, graduating in 2008. In 2010, he earned a Master of Science (Credit) in Plant Science. Tuang actively participated in university activities, including the University Christian Fellowship and various cultural celebrations.

He was awarded the Chinese Government Scholarship, allowing him to pursue a Doctor of Philosophy in Plant Functional Genomics at Central China Normal University. He completed his DPhil degree in 2020. Tuang served as a lecturer at Kalay University until his expulsion in May 2021 due to his involvement in the civil disobedient movement and support for democracy.

Currently, he is a postdoctoral researcher at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, funded by the Lady Davis Fellowship Trust.

Tuang's research papers were published in reputable journals like Plant, Cell & Environment and Plant Cell Reports, making him the first lecturer in Kalay University's history to achieve this for four consecutive years.

Tuang has written over 100 non-fiction articles and authored, co-authored, or edited several books. His notable work, "A Hizolo Omlo," sold thousands of copies in Chin State. He has contributed articles to various publications, addressing topics such as the origin of Covid-19, environmental concerns, and the significance of studying Botany.

Tuang, the youngest son of Rev. Thawn Za Nang and Nu Ciang Za Niang, hails from Pakzaang, a small village in Chin State, Myanmar. Raised in a Christian family, he embraced his faith at the age of 14. Married to Cing Sen Zen (Advocate), they have two children, a girl and a boy.

Blue Lagoon (geothermal spa)

The Blue Lagoon ( ) is a geothermal spa in southwestern Iceland. The spa is located in a lava field from Grindavík and in front of Mount Þorbjörn on the Reykjanes Peninsula, in a location favorable for geothermal power, and is supplied by water used in the nearby Svartsengi geothermal power station. The Blue Lagoon is approximately from Keflavík International Airport, and is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Iceland.

The Blue Lagoon is man-made. The water is a byproduct from the nearby geothermal power station Svartsengi where heated water is transported from the ground near a lava flow and used to run steam turbines that produces electricity. After going through the turbines, the steam and hot water passes through pipes to provide heat for the settlements. Then the water is fed into the Blue Lagoon.

The water temperature in the bathing and swimming area of the Blue Lagoon averages .

The water's light blue color is due to its high silica content. The silica forms soft white mud on the bottom of the lake which bathers rub on themselves. The water is also rich in salts and algae.


Nidhi Goyal

Nidhi Goyal (born 21 September 1985) is an Indian disability and gender rights activist who has been appointed to the UN Women Executive Director's advisory group. Goyal is the founder and executive director of Mumbai-based NGO Rising Flame and works in the areas of sexuality, gender, health and rights for women and girls with disabilities.

Goyal was given the Neelam Kanga Award by National Association for the Blind, India, in January 2016 and the Superwoman of the Year award by ABP News in March 2018.


Harshita Tomar

Harshita Tomar is an Indian sailor. She won the bronze medal at 2018 Asian Games in women's Open Laser 4.7. She received a prize money of 50 lakhs from M.P. government.

Garima Chaudhary

Garima Chaudhary (born 2 April 1990) is an Indian judoka. She was India's sole judoka at the 2012 London Olympics, competing in the Women's (63 kg) category .


Saurabh Bisht

Saurabh Bisht (born December 20, 1987) is an Indian Data Scientist, Analyst Relations Specialist, Digital Marketer, Channel Sales Leader, Author, Writer, and Philanthropist.

Saurabh Bisht was born on December 20, 1987, in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India. He completed his schooling at Seth M.R. Jaipuria School, and pursued his higher education at Gautam Buddha University, where he earned a B.Tech degree in Computer Science and later completed a Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) from BITM and Cornell EPM Executive Program in Management.




Navina Bole

Navina Bole is an Indian television actress. She is known for playing the role of Diya Bhushan in "Miley Jab Hum Tum"(2008), Priya in "Jeannie Aur Juju" (2014) and Tia in "Ishqbaaaz" (2016).

Navina Bole was born in Mumbai. She received a degree in commerce and trained as a Bharat Natyam dancer.


WAGR Q class (diesel)

The WAGR Q class were a total of 19 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1997 to 2000.

The Q class were built by Clyde Engineering of Forrestfield, being based upon the Downer Rail EDI Rail GT46C. They replaced the aging L class on interstate and Kalgoorlie goods traffic. All units passed into the ownership of the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) in late 2000 with Westrail's sale to ARG that year. All remain in service, predominantly with Aurizon.

Metamorpho

Metamorpho is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an elemental superhero with the power to shape-shift his body into various forms, using the elements contained within the human body. He also possesses the power of virtual invulnerability in his inert state. Originally known as the archaeologist Rex Mason, exposure to the Orb of Ra in Egypt changed him into one of the mythical Metamorphae. Although Metamorpho's powers allow him to fight against evil, they are also a curse in that he is trapped in this hideous form, unable even to die. He is primarily one of the Outsiders, but has also been a member of the Justice League of America, Doom Patrol, Justice League Europe, the Seven Soldiers of Victory and The Terrifics.

"Metamorpho" was created by Bob Haney and Ramona Fradon. His first appearance was in "The Brave and the Bold" #57 (1965).

The character will make his live-action cinematic debut in "Superman" (2025) and will be played by Anthony Carrigan.

Krypto

Krypto, also known as Krypto the Superdog, is a fictional superhero dog appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is Superman's pet, a Kryptonian creature with incredible powers and the appearance of a dog. Growing up alongside Superboy, he was raised in Smallville on the Kent Farm, although he later lives in Metropolis with Clark Kent and Lois Lane. He has been a member of Superman Family, the Legion of Super-Pets and the Space Canine Patrol Agents.

The character was created by Otto Binder and Curt Swan, first appearing in "Adventure Comics" #210 (1955).

Krypto has appeared in numerous cartoon television shows and movies, such as a self-titled animated series; the television series "Smallville", the live-action HBO Max series "Titans", portrayed by dog actors Wrigley, Digby, and Lacey; and the animated movie "DC League of Super-Pets" (2022), voiced by Dwayne Johnson. The character will make its live-action cinematic debut in the upcoming movie "Superman" (2025), an installment of the DC Universe (DCU) media franchise.

Ace the Bat-Hound

Ace the Bat-Hound is a fictional superhero dog. He is in American comic books published by DC Comics. Ace is Batman and Robin's dog. He is a canine member of the Batman family. He wears a mask to hide his secret identity as Bruce Wayne's dog Ace. There have been several dogs named Ace. This is because dogs have short lifespans. In the Prime Earth, another dog named Titus appeared as the second Bat-Hound before Ace was re-introduced.

Ace the Bat-Hound was created by Bill Finger and Lew Sayre Schwartz. He first appearing in "Batman" #92 (1955).

The first movie to use the character was the animated movie "DC League of Super-Pets." It was released in the United States on July 29, 2022.

Rahil Azam

Rahil Azam (born 25 September 1981) is an Indian actor and model, who has appeared as Hatim in "Hatim", as Nakul in "CID", as JD in "Tu Aashiqui," as DSP Anubhav Singh in "Maddam Sir," and as Rahul/Ajinkya in Achanak 37 Saal Baad.

Naman Shaw

Naman Shaw is an Indian television actor notable for his roles as Pushkar Shukla in Zee TV's drama series "Kasamh Se", as Nakul Virani in STAR Plus's series "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi" and in "Kasautii Zindagii Kay" as Nihaal Garewal. Naman Shaw has also played small roles in other serials such as a brief role in "Kasturi" as Kasturi's fiancé, Girish. Later he had a brief role in Kahe Naa Kahe as Vidhyud on 9X channel.

Rishabh Sinha

Rishabh Sinha is an Indian actor. He is known for playing the role of Ayaan Ahmed Khan in "Qubool Hai", participating in "MTV Splitsvilla" and "Bigg Boss 9". He also played a negative role in the movie .


Pumpkin soup

Pumpkin soup is a thick soup made from pumpkin purée. It's made from mixing blended pumpkin with a broth or stock. It's mostly served hot, and is a popular American Thanksgiving food. 

It can also be made with squash, and it would be called squash soup.

Enforcers (comics)

The Enforcers are a team of supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually as adversaries of the superheroes Spider-Man and Daredevil. The original Enforcers consisted of Montana (Jackson Brice), the Ox (Raymond Bloch), and Fancy Dan (Daniel Brito).

Groupement de Recherche et d’Etudes en Gestion à HEC Paris

The Groupement de Recherche et d’Etudes en Gestion à HEC Paris (GREGHEC) is a CNRS - HEC Paris research center. It is located in Jouy-en-Josas.

GREGHEC is one of the biggest research center in economy and management in France.

The center is part of both the CNRS and HEC Paris. It is located in Jouy-en-Josas. Around 60 students studying in the Doctorate degrees offer by the school every year. The center bring together 120 researchers. The GREGHEC laboratory bases its research around management and also include interdisciplinary studies. Research is focused in particular in economy and management.

The center has programs for students as well as for faculty to promote the concept of economy. Several initiatives that the center has started has raised awareness for both economy and management in both the community of Jouy-en-Josas and throughout the country.


Montana Jordan

Montana Jordan (born March 8, 2003) is an American actor known for playing Georgie in Young Sheldon.

Zoe Perry

Zoe Perry is the daughter of Jeff Perry and Laurie Metcalf. She played Sheldon Cooper’s mother Mary Cooper in Young Sheldon.

Bear McCreary

Bear McCreary (born February 17, 1979) is an American musician and composer of movie, television, and video game music scores based in Los Angeles, California. He was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. His work includes the music scores of the television series "Battlestar Galactica" (2004), "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", "Outlander", "The Walking Dead", "", "The Serpent Queen", the video games "", "God of War" and "God of War Ragnarök", and the movies "".

McCreary cites Jerry Goldsmith, Elmer Bernstein, Alan Menken, Christophe Beck, Michael Giacchino, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Henry Mancini, John Williams, Howard Shore, Danny Elfman, Buddy Baker, James Newton Howard, John Barry, Lalo Schifrin, Maurice Jarre, Ennio Morricone, Shirley Walker, Basil Poledouris, Michael Kamen, Joel McNeely, Leonard Bernstein, Thomas Newman, Rachel Portman, David Newman, Alexandre Desplat, Marc Shaiman, Brian Tyler, George Bruns, Oliver Wallace, Leigh Harline, Frank Churchill, Paul Smith, Leonard Bernstein, Nino Rota, Rolfe Kent, Kevin Kiner, Trevor Horn, Christopher Young, Alfred Newman, Hans Zimmer, John Powell and Lorne Balfe as influences.


Marc David Alba Lasource

Marc-David Alba, also known as Marc-David Lasource (22 January 1763 – 31 October 1793), was a French statesman during the French Revolution, and a supporter of the Girondist faction during the National Convention.

Jean-Baptiste Boyer-Fonfrède

Jean-Baptiste Boyer-Fonfrède (5th December 1760 – 31 October 1793) was a French Girondin politician. He was the 17th President of the National Convention from 2 to 16 May 1793.

A deputy to the National Convention from his native city, Bordeaux

Pseudophilautus extirpo

Pseudophilautus extirpo was a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka.

This frog is extinct now. All the frogs of this species are dead. Scientists say they died because human beings changed the places where the frogs lived.

One adult female frog measured 43.5 mm snout-vent length from nose to rear end.

Krypton (comics)

Krypton is a fictional planet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in Superman stories. It was a planet orbiting the red star Rao, home to the Kryptonians. It was destroyed in an explosion, with Superman being one of the very few survivors. Radioactive fragments of the planet are known as Kryptonite.

Krypton also makes an appearance in several television series such as "Adventures of Superman", "", "", "Smallville", "Supergirl", and "Krypton". Krypton appears in the 1978 movie "Superman", the 2006 movie "Superman Returns", and the 2013 movie "Man of Steel", set in the DC Extended Universe.

Captain Marvel Jr.

Captain Marvel Jr. is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. The character is the sidekick to Captain Marvel, receiving incredible powers from the wizard Shazam whenever he speaks his predecessor's name. His alter-ego is a crippled impoverished orphan named Freddy Freeman, who cannot walk. During the "The Trials of Shazam!" storyline, he graduated to becoming the new Captain Marvel. In The New 52, Freddy Freeman is now known as Shazam, Jr.. He has been a member of the Marvel Family, Outsiders, Teen Titans and Young Justice.

"Freddy Freeman" was created by Ed Herron, C. C. Beck, and Mac Raboy, first appearing in "Whiz Comics" #25 (1941).

Freddy Freeman made his live-action debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" (2019), portrayed by Jack Dylan Grazer and Adam Brody as a teenager and adult superhero, respectively. Grazer and Brody return in "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023).

Domestic drama

Domestic drama means plays about normal people having normal lives. In them the characters are normally average people and their problems have to do with things like getting sick or doing their jobs.

Tragicomedy

A Tragicomedy is a story that is both a tragedy and a comedy at the same time.

Plautus invented the word Tragicomedy for his play Amphytrion. In it Mercury notices that there are gods in a play that’s supposed to be a comedy and says that it should be a tragicomedy instead. 

In Italy, a man named Giovanni Battista Giraldi Cinthio said that people should write tragedies with happy endings. He called them “Tragicomedies”. He said tragedies were better as books but tragicomedies were better as plays. In 1590, Giovanni Battista Guarini wrote a play called The Faithful Shepherd. People weren’t sure if it were a comedy or a tragedy, so they called it a tragicomedy. 

Some people criticized William Shakespeare for putting jokes in tragedies and sad things in comedies. So they said that some of his plays were not tragedies or comedies. They called them tragicomedies.

Samuel Butler (poet)

Samuel Butler was an English poet and satirist who wrote a parody of Epic poetry called Hudibras. Butler was a friend of Sir William Davenant and John Aubrey.

Stephen Ogweno

Stephen Odhiambo Ogweno (born February 28, 1996) is a Kenyan health practitioner and NCD advocate. He is the founder and CEO of two health startups "Stowelink Inc" and "Lifesten Health". 

Stephen was born on February 28, 1996, in Kisumu, Kenya. Reportedly, he had a troubled childhood due to health issues like obesity and GERD. He attended the Xaverian Primary School in Kisumu, where Stephen later took the Kenya Certificate of Primary Education (KCPE) in 2010. Then, Stephen joined the Kanyawanga High School to earn the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE) in 2014.

Stephen focused on a career as a health professional. In 2015, he established a health organization Stowelink Inc in Kenya to grow awareness about global health challenges. In 2016, the organization launched "project Alpha" to awareness for Cancer. As a health practitioner and NCD advocate, his works gained attention from the national health sector. Later, Stephen joined several local health bodies like the national NCDs Intersectoral Coordinating Committee and the YHP Kenya Committee.

Stephen was also collaborating with the WHO's Global Coordinating Mechanism as a member of the NCD labs initiative. Stephen is also a member of the advisory board for the global NCD Alliance.

In 2021, Stephen and Peace Iraguha together launched "Lifesten Health". The company promotes health awareness through incentive-based programs, especially in Kigali, Rwanda.

• The Effect of eHealth on Information Awareness on Non-Communicable Diseases Among Youths Between 18-25 Years in Nairobi Country, Kenya, 2019, "East African Journal of Health and Science", Vol 2 No. 1 (2020)

• Effect of COVID 19 crisis on mental health among young people between 18-35 years in Kenya, "MedCrave", July 7, 2022

• Nothing for us, without us: opportunities for meaningful engagement of people living with NCDs: meeting report, "WHO", 2021

• Sources of information on COVID-19 among the youths and its implications on mental health. A cross-sectional study in Nairobi, Kenya, "East African Medical Journal", Vol. 98 No. 1 (2021)

• Assessment of Factors Influencing Non-Communicable Diseases Literacy Levels in Vihiga County-A Qualitative Cross-Sectional Study, "European Journal of Environment and Public Health", Volume 6, Issue 1, 15 April 2022

• How We Could Use Digital Health to Improve Action on Non-Communicable Diseases, "BIOMEDICAL", Vol 45, Issue 5, September 2, 2022 

USS Gyatt

USS "Gyatt" (DD-712/DDG-1) was a "Gearing"-class destroyer in the United States Navy, named after Edward Earl Gyatt, a United States Marine Corps private and Marine Raider killed in the Battle of Guadalcanal.

A Declaration of Love

A Declaration of Love () is a 1977 Soviet romance movie directed by Ilya Averbakh and starring Ewa Szykulska, Yuri Bogatyryov, Kirill Lavrov, Angelina Stepanova, Bruno Frejndlikh. It was distributed by Lenfilm.

Papua New Guinea National Soccer League

The Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL), currently named the KPHL National Soccer League for sponsorship reasons and commonly called the National Soccer League (NSL), is the top men's soccer league in Papua New Guinea. It was created in 2006 by the Papua New Guinea National Football Association.

Like the A-League Men in Australia, the Canadian Premier League in Canada and the Major League Soccer in the United States, the league does not have relegation.

The competition has only ever been won by two clubs: Hekari United won the first eight seasons while Lae City have won the rest.

Sydney FC Youth

Sydney FC Youth is the youth system of Sydney FC, an Australian soccer club based in Sydney. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth

Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth is the youth system of Western Sydney Wanderers FC, an Australian soccer club based in Greater Western Sydney. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Saddlebrooke, Missouri

Saddlebrooke is a village in Christian and Taney counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Newcastle Jets FC Youth

Newcastle Jets FC Youth is the youth system of Newcastle Jets FC, an Australian soccer club based in Newcastle. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Rosemary Sutcliff

Rosemary Sutclife is a English novelist known for making children and adult novels. She was born in East Clandon,United Kingdom on December 14, 1920 and died on July 23, 1992 in Chichester,United Kingdom.

Hollister, Missouri

Hollister is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Central Coast Mariners Academy

The Central Coast Mariners Academy is the youth system of Central Coast Mariners FC, an Australian soccer club based on the Central Coast. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Merriam Woods, Missouri

Merriam Woods is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Rockaway Beach, Missouri

Rockaway Beach is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Bull Creek, Missouri

Bull Creek is a village in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Kirbyville, Missouri

Kirbyville is a village in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Taneyville, Missouri

Taneyville is a village in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Lawson, Missouri

Lawson is a city in Clay, Clinton and Ray counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Smithville, Missouri

Smithville is a city in Clay and Platte counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

FFA Centre of Excellence

The FFA Centre of Excellence was an Australian soccer talent program run by Football Federation Australia (now called Football Australia). It had its own club, which was based at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra and competed in the A-League Youth. It was founded in 1981 and closed in 2017.

Claycomo, Missouri

Claycomo is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Oaks, Missouri

Oaks is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Brisbane Roar FC Youth

Brisbane Roar FC Youth is the youth system of Brisbane Roar FC, an Australian soccer club based in Brisbane. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Excelsior Estates, Missouri

Excelsior Estates is a village in Clay and Ray counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Oakview, Missouri

Oakview is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Oakwood, Missouri

Oakwood is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Adelaide United FC Youth

Adelaide United FC Youth is the youth system of Adelaide United FC, an Australian soccer club based in Adelaide. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Oakwood Park, Missouri

Oakwood Park is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Prathersville, Missouri

Prathersville is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Turney, Missouri

Turney is a village in Clinton County, Missouri, United States.

Perth Glory FC Youth

Perth Glory FC Youth is the youth system of Perth Glory FC, an Australian soccer club based in Perth. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Centertown, Missouri

Centertown is a village in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Wardsville, Missouri

Wardsville is a village in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Windsor Place, Missouri

Windsor Place is a village in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Wooldridge, Missouri

Wooldridge is a village in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Melbourne City FC Youth

Melbourne City FC Youth is the youth system of Melbourne City FC, an Australian soccer club based in Melbourne. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Melbourne Victory FC Youth

Melbourne Victory FC Youth is the youth system of Melbourne Victory FC, an Australian soccer club based in Melbourne. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Leasburg, Missouri

Leasburg is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

St. Cloud, Missouri

St. Cloud is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

West Sullivan, Missouri

West Sullivan is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

Elmer, Missouri

Elmer is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Ethel, Missouri

Ethel is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Australia Cup

The Australia Cup, formerly called the FFA Cup, is an Australian soccer knockout cup competition held every year. It is organised by Football Australia.

It is different to the national league competition, the A-League Men, which also happens every year. The Australia Cup has more teams, and it is the only time that A-League clubs can play official matches against lower-ranked clubs, because the Australian soccer league system does not have relegation.

Since 2021, the winner of the Australia Cup qualifies for one of the play-off spots for the next years' AFC club competitions (the AFC Champions League for 2022, the AFC Cup for 2023-24 and the AFC Champions League 2 for 2024-24 onwards), unless Wellington Phoenix are the winner. The reason Wellington Phoenix cannot qualify for any of these competitions is because the club is based in New Zealand, which is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC), while Australia is a member of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).

The most successful team at the Australia Cup is Adelaide United. The current champions are Sydney FC, who defeated Brisbane Roar in the 2023 final.

The Australia Cup is a 32-team knockout competition. Professional, semi-professional and even community clubs are all able to qualify.

Of the 32 qualifying slots, 10 are given to the 12 A-League Men clubs. The rest are given to clubs who play on the state and territory level. New South Wales is given six slots (four for Football NSW clubs and two for Northern NSW Football clubs, because the state has two federations), while Victoria gets five, Queensland gets four, Western Australia and South Australia get two each and Tasmania, the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory each get one.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 edition of the tournament was cancelled.

In March 2023, Football Australia announced that they would be launching a women's version of the Australia Cup, the Women's Australia Cup, in 2024. It will be the first women's competition of its kind in Australia and will allow A-League Women clubs to play official matches against lower-ranked women's clubs. The winner will have a chance to qualify for the AFC Women's Champions League.

Sydney United 58 FC

Sydney United 58 Football Club, formerly called Sydney Croatia Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Edensor Park, a suburb of Sydney. It plays in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). The club has connections to Sydney's Croatian community, as the club was founded by Croatian Australians.

Outsiders (comics)

The Outsiders are a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are a black-ops team of super-heroes originally led by Batman. They were formed as his alternative to the Justice League that didn't require public and political approval for their actions, allowing them more freedom. The original members included Black Lightning, Geo-Force, Halo, Katana and Metamorpho. The Outsiders were created by Mike W. Barr and Jim Aparo, first appearing in The Brave and the Bold #200 (1983).

There is also an unrelated team predating Batman’s team that consists of outcast mutants called the Outsiders who fight to protect humanity despite their differences. Their membership includes Amazing Ronnie, Billy, Doc Scary, Hairy Larry, Lizard Johnny and Mighty Mary. This team of Outsiders was created by Joe Simon and Jerry Grandenetti, first appearing in 1st Issue Special #10 (1976).

APIA Leichhardt FC

APIA Leichhardt Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Leichhardt, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Italian Australians and has a strong connection to Sydney's Italian community.

The acronym "APIA" in the club's name stands for .

Edgeworth FC

Edgeworth Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Edgeworth, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Inter Lions SC

Inter Lions Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Concord, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

Broadmeadow Magic FC

Broadmeadow Magic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Broadmeadow, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Black Lightning

Black Lightning is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the alter-ego of Jefferson Pierce, a super-hero with the ability to generate and control lightning. Originally he was a high school principal and Olympic-level athlete who became a vigilante to take down organized crime in Metropolis' Suicide Slum. Eventually he would become a member of Batman's team of Outsiders for many years, although he retired briefly to become secretary of education under president Lex Luthor. He returned to crime-fighting, though, as a member of the Justice League. His two daughters operate as the super-heroes Thunder and Lightning. Black Lightning was created by Tony Isabella and Trevor von Eeden, first appearing in "Black Lightning" #1. (1977)

Black Lightning has proven a popular character for DC and was ranked 85th overall on IGN's "Top 100 Comic Books Heroes" list in 2011. The character has been adapted into various media, including animated television series, video games, and comic strips. The character and his stories were adapted for live-action Black Lightning TV series, which ran from 2018 to 2022. The title character was portrayed by Cress Williams, who also went on to make appearances in the related TV shows "The Flash" and "Legends of Tomorrow".

Mt Druitt Town Rangers FC

Mount Druitt Town Rangers Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Mount Druitt, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Wollongong United FC

Wollongong United Football Club, formerly called Wollongong Macedonia Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Wollongong. It competes in the Illawarra Premier League (IPL). It was founded by Macedonian Australians and has strong connections to Wollongong's Macedonian community.

Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC

Bonnyrigg White Eagles Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bonnyrigg, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One. It was founded by Serbian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Serbian community.

North West Sydney Spirit FC

North Western Sydney Spirit Football Club (often shortened to NWS Spirit FC), formerly called Northern Spirit Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Macquarie Park, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Newcastle Olympic FC

Newcastle Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Hamilton, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Blacktown City FC

Blacktown City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Blacktown, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Mister Atom

Mister Atom is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an evil radioactive robot and an enemy to Captain Marvel. The mad scientist Charles Langley created him to go on a destructive rampage, which he is very very good at doing. He has been a member of the Monster Society of Evil and the Secret Society of Super-Villains.

Mister Atom was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first published by Fawcett Comics in Captain Marvel Adventures #78. (1947)

Sydney Olympic FC

Sydney Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Belmore, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Greek community.

Secret Society of Super Villains

The Secret Society of Super Villains is a name that has been used by several groups in the DC Comics universe. The original was a team put together by Darkseid who would later take control of their own leadership and battle the Justice League. The second version was a team put together by the Ultra-Humanite to battle the Justice League.

During Villains United a new group calling themselves "The Society" was put together by Black Adam, Calculator, Deathstroke, Doctor Psycho, Lex Luthor, and Talia al Ghul.

The New 52 reboot introduced a new Secret Society created by the Outsider during Forever Evil.

The Secret Society of Super-Villains was created by Gerry Conway and Pablo Marcos, first appearing in Secret Society of Super-Villains #1. (1976)

Wollongong Wolves FC

Wollongong Wolves Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Wollongong. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Doctor Psycho

Doctor Psycho is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a telepathic super-villain with mind control powers who acts as an enemy to Wonder Woman. His insane motives are violently sadistic and even misogynistic in an attempt to torment Wonder Woman and her contemporaries. He is a founding member of the Secret Society of Super-Villains. Doctor Psycho was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in Wonder Woman #5. (1943)

St George FC

St George Football Club, commonly called the St George Saints or St George Budapest, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the St George district of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One. It was founded by Hungarian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Hungarian community.

Ultra-Humanite

The Ultra-Humanite is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a genius super-villain with the ability to transfer his mind into other bodies. This has made him an enemy to the Justice Society of America and Superman. His main claim to fame is his ability to transfer his own consciousness from one living body to another, but he also has invented a vast array of advanced weapons, vehicles, and other arcane technology. His chosen form is a giant albino mutant gorilla, which affords him incredible strength and durability. Ultra-Humanite has been a member of the Secret Society of Super-Villains and the Time Stealers.

Utra-Humanite was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, first appearing in "Action Comics" #13. (1939)

Manly United FC

Manly United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based on the Northern Beaches of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

The club's home ground is in Dee Why, which is about 5.6km north of Manly.

Marconi Stallions FC

Marconi Stallions Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bossley Park, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Italian community.

AwesomenessTV (TV series)

AwesomenessTV is a sketch comedy reality variety show created by Brian Robbins. It was based on the original YouTube comedy channel of the same name. it features comedy sketches from different actors, music videos, hidden camera pranks and various gags. It premiered on Nickelodeon in July 1, 2013 and ended on March 7, 2015.

Maitland FC

Maitland Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in East Maitland, a suburb of Maitland, New South Wales. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Hakoah Sydney City East FC

Hakoah Sydney City East Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Eastgardens, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One. It was founded by Jewish Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Jewish community.

Rockdale Ilinden FC

Rockdale Ilinden Football Club (known as Rockdale City Suns Football Club from 1992 to 2020) is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Rockdale, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Macedonian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Macedonian community.

Charlestown Azzurri FC

Charlestown Azzurri Football Club, formerly called Charlestown City Blues Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Whitebridge, a suburb of Newcastle about 2.3km from the suburb of Charlestown. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NNSW (NPL NNSW). It was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Newcastle's Italian community.

The club's nickname, the , means "Blues" in Italian and is also the nickname of the Italy national football team.

Canterbury Bankstown FC

Canterbury Bankstown Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Regents Park, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

Hills United FC

Hills United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the Hills District, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

The club's home ground is in Seven Hills.

Lambton Jaffas FC

Lambton Jaffas Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Lambton, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Balmain Tigers FC

Balmain & District Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Balmain, a suburb of Sydney. 

South Cardiff FC

South Cardiff Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Cardiff South, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the Northern New South Wales State League Division 1.

Parramatta FC

Parramatta Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in South Granville, a suburb of Sydney about 6.2km from Parramatta. It competes in the NSW League Two. It was founded by Maltese Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Maltese community.

Monaro Panthers FC

Monaro Panthers Football Club, formerly called Inter Monaro Soccer Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Queanbeyan, a city in New South Wales. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT) in the Australian Capital Territory.

The club was founded by Italian Australians, who gave it the name "Inter Monaro" after the Italian club Inter Milan and the Monaro region (where Queanbeyan is located). It has strong connections to Queanbeyan's Italian community.

Hellenic Athletic

Hellenic Athletic Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League. It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Darwin's Greek community.

Mindil Aces FC

Mindil Aces Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League.

Casuarina FC

Casuarina Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Casuarina, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League.

Darwin Olympic SC

Darwin Olympic Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League.

Darwin Rovers FC

Darwin Rovers Football Club was an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competed in the NorZone Premier League. The club was founded by Irish Australians and had strong connections to Darwin's Irish community.

In 2018, the club merged with Palmerston FC to form Palmerston Rovers FC.

Cooma FC

Cooma Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Cooma, a town in New South Wales. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT) in the Australian Capital Territory.

Microsoft Entra ID

Microsoft Entra or Entra for short is a software by Microsoft that lets users use authentication and authorization services to various Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365 and Microsoft Azure systems. This lets users use single sign-on experiences no matter the cause of the application. 

Entra used to be named Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). This software was the same as Entra is today.

Microsoft allows users to sign into products like "Gmail", web apps and use systems to add "SSO" (Single Sign On) to their websites and other products.

Canberra Croatia FC

Canberra Croatia Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Deakin, a suburb of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT). It was founded by Croatian Australians and has strong connections to Canberra's Croatian community.

Canberra Olympic FC

Canberra Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in O'Connor, a suburb of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Canberra's Greek community.

Gungahlin United FC

Gungahlin United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the Gungahlin district of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT).

The club was founded by Italian Australians, who gave it the name Juventus Soccer Club, inspired by the Italian club Juventus FC. It has strong connections to Canberra's Italian community.

Tuggeranong United FC

Tuggeranong United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT).

Australian soccer league system

The Australian soccer league system is the league structure for soccer clubs in Australia.

Since 1977, the system has had one national league at the top and many state and territory leagues below.
From 1977 until 2004, the national league was called the National Soccer League (NSL). Since 2005, the A-League Men has been the country's national league.

The women's soccer league system works similar to the men's, with one national league (the A-League Women) at the top and many state and territory leagues below.


Rehavam Ze'evi

Rehavam Ze'evi was a Israeli general and poltician who founded the right-wing Moledet party, which advocated for the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians. He was born the 20th of June 1926 and died on the 17th of October 2001 in Jerusalem. His cause of death was assassination, and was assassinated by a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.

Yehya Bundhun

Yehya Bundhun (born 25 January 1965) is an archer from Mauritius. Bundhun competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Veronique Marrier D'Unienville

Veronique Marrier D'Unienville-Le Viuex is an archer from Mauritius. Marrier D'Unienville-Le Viuex competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Court of Owls

The Court of Owls is a major villainous group in the DC Comics universe, often appearing as enemies to Batman. They were created by writer Scott Snyder and artist Greg Capullo. The Court of Owls was a conspiracy within Gotham for centuries and controlling from the shadows. They are a violent Cabal of Gotham's wealthy families who would use murder and money for political influence on the world.

The Court of Owls made their on-screen debut in 2015's "Batman vs. Robin" as part of the DC Animated Movie Universe before making their live-action debut later that same year in the "Gotham" television series. They appear as the main antagonists in the 2023 television series "Gotham Knights".

Circe (character)

Circe is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a legendary sorceress from Greek mythology who acts as a super-villain and enemy to Wonder Woman. Immortal and undying, she is a centuries-old enchantress with goddess-level powers. Her place in history is famous for Homer's Odyssey. She has also been a member of the Injustice Gang and the Injustice League Dark.

DC's version of "Circe" was adapted by Robert Kanigher and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" #37. (1949)

Circe has been adapted into several Wonder Woman-related animated TV and video game projects, in which she has been voiced by actors Michelle Forbes, Laura Post and Rachel York.

Giganta

Giganta (whose real name is Doctor Doris Zuel) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a female super-villain with the ability to drastically increase her size and shape, acting as an enemy to Wonder Woman. In addition she is a brilliant scientist. Briefly she was also romantically involved with the Atom. She has been involved with the Injustice League, the Legion of Doom, the Secret Six, the Secret Society of Super-Villains and Villainy Inc.

"Giganta" was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" #9. (1944)

38 Leda

Leda (minor planet designation: 38 Leda) is a main-belt asteroid. It was discovered by Jean Chacornac on January 12, 1856. He named the asteroid after Leda, the mother of Helen of Troy.

Sensation Comics

Sensation Comics was a key Golden Age DC title featuring Wonder Woman as its cover feature between 1942 and 1951 following her debut in "All-Star Comics" #8.

The comic also had features from characters such as Sargon the Sorcerer, the Golden Age Mr. Terrific and Wildcat (DC). From issue #94, the title became a romance title, although still keeping Wonder Woman (along with Steve Trevor) as the cover feature. With issue #107 it became a mystery title until issue #109 where the title was renamed "Sensation Mystery" for its last seven issues and starred Johnny Peril.




Outsider

Outsider(s) can be








Fhelipe Gomes

Fhelipe Gomes (Curitiba, August 21, 2001) is a Brazilian actor, singer, voice actor, and announcer. He gained prominence on television in 2016 by portraying Téo Cavichioli, a blind character and one of the protagonists in the remake of the children's soap opera "Cúmplices de Um Resgate" on SBT. In 2018, he once again stood out for his role as the nerdy character Lucas in the soap opera "O Tempo Não Para" on Rede Globo.

Fhelipe de Castilhos Gomes was born in Curitiba on August 21, 2001. He is the youngest of two siblings, including Henrike Castilhos Gomes, and is also a second-degree cousin of the musical productor Arlyzinho BR. 

Karishma Sharma

Karishma Lala Sharma (born 22 December 1993) is an Indian actress and model known for portraying Ragini in "", Aaina in "Ujda Chaman", Tina in "Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2" and Isha in "Hum - I'm Because of Us".

Sharma was born in Mumbai. She lived in Delhi and Patna before returning to Mumbai.


Rajan P. Dev

Rajan P. Dev (20 May 1951 – 29 July 2009) was an Indian film and stage actor. He was born in Cherthala in the Alappuzha district of the former state Thiru-Kochi (present day Kerala). He had acted in over 500 films in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada languages. He was noted for his villain roles laced with a touch of humour. He came into the limelight for his characterisation of Kochuvava in the play "Kattukuthira". Rajan P. Dev died in Kochi Wednesday 29 July 2009 due to a liver disease.



Glory

Glory may refer to:







Glory hole

A glory hole is a hole that is cut into the side of a bathroom stall or wall. People use these holes to have anonymous sex with each other. Glory holes became popular in the 1950s-70s with the gay community when homosexuality was outlawed or was a criminal act in many places. They started to lose popularity during the height of the HIV/AIDS crisis in the 1980s and when homosexuality was decriminalized in many places. While popular with gay men, glory holes have also been used by heterosexual and bisexual people.

Riyad Mahrez

Riyad Karim Mahrez (; born 21 February 1991) is an Algerian professional football player who captains the Algerian national football team. He also plays as a right-winger for the Saudi Pro League team Al-Ahli.

Mahrez made his international debut for Algeria in 2014 and represented them at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2015, 2017, 2019 and 2021. His team won the 2019 African Cup of Nations. It was only the second time that Algeria has won the "African Cup of Nations" ever.

Leicester City

Manchester City

Algeria

Individual



Society &amp; Organizations Institute

The Society & Organizations Institute is a research center, unique in Europe, which members work on societal and environmental issues. Their activities are applied to companies. It is located on the HEC Paris campus in Jouy-en-Josas.

The center is member of HEC Paris. It is located in Jouy-en-Josas. Around 60 members work on social inclusion and sustainable development inside companies. The Institute bases its research around three main areas :


The center has several programs for students as well as for faculty to promote the concept of society. Several initiatives that the center has started has raised awareness for both society and inclusivity in Jouy-en-Josas and more globally in France.


With or Without You

"With or Without You" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree" and went to number 1 in the United States, Ireland and Canada, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia, number 2 in the Netherlands, number 5 in Spain, New Zealand and Finland, number 10 in Switzerland and France and number 11 in South Africa.

WAGR R class (diesel)

The WAGR R class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1968 to 1992.

The R class were built in 1968 by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland essentially as a narrow gauge form of the K class diesels of 1966. A longer and more slender version of the R class was produced in 1972, becoming the Ra class, these lacked dynamic brakes.

The R class entered service on bauxite traffic, all were withdrawn by late 1991, and all but one were scrapped at Midland Railway Workshops in 1992. No. 1902 lasted until 2016 under Greentrains before being scrapped at Bellevue.

WAGR Ra class (diesel)

The WAGR Ra class were a total of 13 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1969 to 1991.

The Ra class were a more slender and improved version of the standard R class, they were built by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland from 1968 to 1974. They weren't fitted with dynamic brakes, unlike the R class, both were withdrawn in 1991, with all but the Ka (standard gauge) conversions being scrapped. No. 1918 was converted to Ka class No. 213, but later reconverted to an Ra class, and is now preserved and displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Arcola, Missouri

Arcola is a village in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Dadeville, Missouri

Dadeville is a village in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

South Greenfield, Missouri

South Greenfield is a village in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Louisburg, Missouri

Louisburg is a village in Dallas County, Missouri, United States.

Gilman City, Missouri

Gilman City is a city in Daviess and Harrison counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Altamont, Missouri

Altamont is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Jameson, Missouri

Jameson is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Leave (Get Out)

"Leave (Get Out)" is a 2004 debut single by JoJo and is the leading single from her debut studio album "JoJo". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia, number 12 in the United States and France, number 1 in Scotland, number 11 in Denmark and the Czech Republic, number 10 in Poland, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 3 in Ireland and number 5 in Switzerland.







Lock Springs, Missouri

Lock Springs is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Winston, Missouri

Winston is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Amity, Missouri

Amity is a village in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Partula dentifera

Partula dentifera is an extinct "Partula" species.

It is incorrectly listed as extinct in the wild in the IUCN Red List due to "Partula navigatoria" being misidentified as "Partula dentifera" until 2019.

Too Little Too Late

"Too Little Too Late" is a 2006 song by JoJo and is the leading single from her second studio album "The High Road". It went to number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in Canada and the United States, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in New Zealand, number 10 in Australia, number 11 in Denmark and Italy and number 18 in Sweden.



Burn for You (John Farnham song)

"Burn for You" is a 1990 song by Australian singer John Farnham and is the third single from his 14th studio album "Chain Reaction". It went to number 5 in Australia.

Australian CD and 7-inch single

12-inch single

Streaky the Supercat

Streaky the Super-Cat is a fictional superhero pet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is Supergirl's pet cat who gained incredible powers through exposure to X-Kryptonite; such as flight, super-strength, super-speed, invulnerability, and enhanced vision abilities. His distinctive mark is a lightning bolt in his fur running along both sides. He's also a member of the Legion of Super-Pets, alongside other super-powered animals such as Krypto, Beppo and Comet.

"Streaky" was created by Otto Binder and Jim Mooney, first appearing in "Action Comics" #261. (1960)

Beppo (comics)

Beppo the Super-Monkey is fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is a monkey with Kryptonian super-powers, involved with Superman and the Superman Family. Originally one of Jor-El's testing animals for experiments on the planet Krypton, Beppo stowed away on young Kal-El's rocket-ship to Earth. He eventually became a member of the Legion of Super-Pets.

"Beppo" was created by Otto Binder and George Papp, first appearing in "Superboy" #76 (1959).

Comet (DC Comics)

Comet the Super-Horse is a fictional superhero pet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is a pet horse belonging to Supergirl. Born as a centaur in ancient Greece, a witch had cast a spell on him that allowed him to switch between both forms. She also gave him a variety of other super-powers, including immortality. Whilst on a mission with Supergirl on another planet, he was given the opportunity to turn into a human, but only while a comet passed through the solar system. As a man, he adopted the identity of rodeo star "Bronco" Bill Starr. He was also a member of the Legion of Super-Pets.

"Comet the Super-Horse" was created by Leo Dorfman and Jim Mooney, first appearing in "Adventure Comics" #293 (1962).

Ritika Shrotri

Ritika Shrotri is an Indian actress from Pune, Maharashtra. She mostly appears in Marathi films. She passed the SSC exam from SPM English School, Sadashiv Peth, Pune, and is now attending S.P. College, Pune.

She started her career as a child actor and appeared in the serial "Guntata Hriday He" with Mrinal Kulkarni, Pallavi Subhash, and Sandeep Kulkarni in the role of Devi and in the film "Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Asta," directed by Mrinal Kulkarni, in the role of Ashu. In 2012, she appeared in the "Dabba Gul" and "Be Dune 10" TV series. She made her Marathi film debut as a lead actress in the Marathi movie "Slambook." which is released in August 2015 with Dilip Prabhavalkar, Kushal Badrike, Usha Nadkarni, Shantanau Ragnekar. She also had a role in Marathi short film "Tya Ratri". In 2017, Shrotri performed the role of Grace in the Super-hit Marathi feature film "Boyz" produced by Avadhoot Gupte playing an item number. After that, she appeared in Bucket List with Madhuri Dixit, Sumeet Raghavan which was released in 2018.

Our Daughter

Our Daughter () is a 1981 Cameroonian drama movie directed by Daniel Kamwa (who also starred) and starring Nicole Okala, Stanislas Awona, Elise Atangana, Berthe Mbia, Florence Niasse. It was nominated for the Golden Prize at the Moscow International Film Festival in 1981.

Further Than the Moon

Further Than the Moon () is a 2003 Belgian drama movie directed by Stijn Coninx and starring Huub Stapel, Johanna ter Steege, Neeltje de Vree.

Gold Coast Knights F.C.

Gold Coast Knights United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Carrara, a suburb of the Gold Coast. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD). The club was founded by Croatian Australians and has strong connections to the Gold Coast's Croatian community.

Devonport City FC

Devonport City Football Club, nicknamed the Strikers, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Devonport, a city in Tasmania. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania (NPL TAS).

South Hobart FC

South Hobart Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in South Hobart, a suburb of Hobart. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania (NPL TAS).

South Hobart is the oldest soccer club in Tasmania.

Olympia FC Warriors

Olympia Football Club Warriors is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Warrane, a suburb of Hobart. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania (NPL TAS). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Hobart's Greek community.

Queensland Lions FC

Queensland Lions Football Club, formerly called Hollandia Inala Soccer Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Richlands, a suburb of Brisbane. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD). It was founded by Dutch Australians and has strong connections to Brisbane's Dutch community.

Moreton Bay United FC

Moreton Bay United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Albany Creek, a suburb of Brisbane. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD).

Peninsula Power FC

Peninsula Power Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Redcliffe, a suburb of Brisbane. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD).

Black and white cookie

Black and white cookies are soft, fluffy cookies that are have two colors of frosting, one half black and one half white. The black side is chocolate and the white side is vanilla. They were created in New York City.

Legion of Super-Pets

The Legion of Super-Pets is a team of super-powerful sentient animals appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, usually associated with the Superman Family and the Legion of Super-Heroes, that fight crime together. The original membership included Krypto the Superdog, Streaky the Supercat, Beppo the Super-Monkey, and Comet the Super-Horse, with the shape-shifting alien Proty II later joining.

The Legion was created by Jerry Siegel and Curt Swan and made its first appearance in "Adventure Comics" #293. (1962)

A CGI-animated movie based on the team, "DC League of Super-Pets", was released in 2022.

Balasore district

Balasore, also known as Baleswar, is a city in the state of Odisha, about 194 km (121 mi) north of the state capital Bhubaneswar and 300 km (186 mi) from Kolkata, in eastern India. It is the largest town of northern Odisha and the administrative headquarters of Balasore district. It is best known for Chandipur beach. It is also called 'missile city'. The Indian Ballistic Missile Defence Programme's Integrated Test Range is located 18 km south of Balasore.

Pink Friday 2

Pink Friday 2 is the fifth album by Trinidadian-born rapper Nicki Minaj which released on December 8, 2023 by Young Money Entertainment and Republic Records.

The singles for the album are Super Freaky Girl which debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Last Time I Saw You which debuted at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Notes

Sample credits

Rohan Dennis

Rohan Dennis (born 28 May 1990) is an Australian professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . Dennis was born, raised, and resides in Adelaide, Australia. He won back to back UCI men's individual time trial world championships in 2018 and 2019.


Ruhi Singh

Ruhi Dilip Singh (born 12 October 1995) is an Indian actress, and model who primarily appears in Hindi films and television. She participated in Femina Miss India East 2011, the preliminary for Femina Miss India contest and was crowned 1st Runner up. She later won the title of Miss Universal Peace and Humanity 2014.

Vanessa Kahlon

Vanessa Kahlon (born 6 March 1979) is an author and founder of Kahlon Family Services School (KFS), YEAS Yoga, and The 3R Method (Redo, Rewind, and Repair) that teaches social emotional learning through relationship building. 

Vanessa Kahlon is a thriving entrepreneur with more than two decades of experience under her belt. She founded her own company, Kahlon Family Services (KFS), in 2008. KFS provides behavior consultations, social skills groups, support professionals in schools, and parenting groups for families with children with Learning and Behavioral challenges and needs. She also created her own yoga curriculum, YEAS YOGA, to address the self-regulation needs of high-spirited children. In addition, the 3R Method, Redo, Rewind, & Repair to teach social emotional learning. Vanessa is the Executive Director of KFS School, a K-8 program serving children in San Francisco and the Bay Area community. She is also the host of "Parenting with Vanessa Kahlon", a radio show and podcast that empowers parents with tools and strategies for their children's daily struggles. She has written 3 books "Shut Up & Parent", "How To Do Parenting With Confidence" and "Teaching With Heart" self-care journal for teachers. Vanessa has been recognized for her professional and personal approach, as well as her results-driven philosophy, by being named Woman of the Year by the National Association of Professional Women in 2014, and Top 30 Influential and Women Entrepreneurs by Entrepreneurs Herald in 2021 and 2022, New York Journal 50 under 50 and lastly Forbes New York for her work helping families respectively.

She completed her education from California State University San Marcos, BA and Sophia University, MA.

Raashid Alvi

Raashid Alvi is an Indian politician who served as a member of the Indian Parliament from both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. He is currently a member of the Indian National Congress party.

Raashid Alvi was born in Chandpur, Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh, on 15 April 1956, to Islama Khatoon and Malik Irfan Ahmad Alvi, a freedom fighter


Pumpkin (movie)

The Pumpkin is a 2002 romantic comedy and drama movie. Anthony Abrams and Adam Larson Broder are the directors.

Carolyn McDuffy (played by Christina Ricci) is a college senior beginning her final year at a Southern California university. She helps sorority groups win an award when joining in training some intellectually held back or otherwise disabled young adults for the Challenged Games (fictional version of the Special Olympics).

Carolyn is paired with Jesse "Pumpkin" Romanoff. Romanoff is an intellectually held up and physically disabled kind man. He is kind with her. He begins an affection with Carolyn and vice versa. Jesse is genuine unlike her current boyfriend Kent Woodlands.

Carolyn undergoes backlash and hate/contempt about her relationship by her friends and family members. That includes Pumpkin's own mother Judy. The mother walks into her son's bedroom and learns Carolyn and Pumpkin might have become sexually involved.

Judy (Pumpkin's mother) accuses Carolyn of rape against her son. Judy then says she (Carolyn) hasn't any idea what the latter did to him. She (Judy) later calls Carolyn's college and that leads to Carolyn being expelled from her sorority and her university. Carolyn tries killing herself by taking pills but then vomits them back up.

Roger Ebert gave a positive review to the movie. But the Rotten Tomatoes did almost the opposite saying that "Pumpkin" had messy premises to its genre.

François René Mallarmé

François-René-Auguste Mallarmé ( 25 February 1755 – 25 July 1835) was a French statesman of the French Revolution and a supporter of Napoleon Bonaparte and the French Empire. His life is of specific interest and President of the National Convention.

Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois

Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois (19 June 1749 in Paris – 8 June 1796 in Cayenne, French Guiana) was a French actor, dramatist, essayist, and revolutionary. He was a member of the Committee of Public Safety during the Reign of Terror and, while he saved Madame Tussaudfrom the Guillotine, he administered the execution of more than 2,000 people in the city of Lyon. Collot d'Herbois was the 20th President of the National Convention from July 1794 to August 1794.

WandaVision

WandaVision is an American web television miniseries, based on the Marvel Comics superheroes Scarlet Witch and Vision. The series is a sequel to "". It is the thirteenth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and the first installment of Phase Four and The Multiverse Saga. The series was produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+.

The first and only season premiered on January 15, 2021, and concluded on March 5, 2021.

Marvel Studios' "WandaVision" blends the style of classic sitcoms with the Marvel Cinematic Universe in which Wanda Maximoff and Vision – two super-powered beings living their ideal suburban life – begin to suspect that everything is not as it seems.



In 2009, Marvel assembled a group of screenwriters to write film scripts for lesser-known characters, which included Vision.

During the press junket for "Avengers: Infinity War", Bob Iger approached Kevin Feige about doing television series for Disney+, Disney's then upcoming streaming service. Feige then had conversations with Elizabeth Olsen and Paul Bettany because he felt that Scarlet Witch and Vision had many more stories to tell, as the films had only scratched the surface of their relationship.

On September 18, 2018, "Variety" reported that Marvel Studios was developing a limited television series for Scarlet Witch on Disney+, with Elizabeth Olsen set to reprise her role for the series, with Kevin Feige confirmed to serve as an executive producer.

On October 30, 2018, "/Film" reported that Paul Bettany was expected to reprise his role as Vision and play a large role in the Scarlet Witch series, which would focus on the relationship between Vision and Scarlet Witch.

On November 30, 2018, "Deadline" reported that the series was set to premiere in 2019 and that it would be titled "Vision and the Scarlet Witch", although the title was later removed from the article.

On January 9, 2019, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that Jac Schaeffer would serve as the showrunner and an executive producer of the series and would write the pilot episode. It was also reported that the series would be titled "The Vision and Scarlet Witch".

On April 11, 2019, during Disney's 2019 Investor Day, it was revealed that the series would be titled "WandaVision" and that it would premiere during the second year of Disney+.

During the premiere event for "Avengers: Endgame", Elizabeth Olsen revealed that the series would start production in the Fall of 2019 and that it would be six-hours long.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige announced that the series was scheduled to debut on Disney+ in the Spring of 2021. It was also announced that Teyonah Parris would appear in the series as Monica Rambeau.

On August 23, 2019, at D23 Expo 2019, Kevin Feige announced that Kat Dennings and Randall Park were set to reprise their roles as Darcy Lewis and Jimmy Woo, respectively, in the series and that Kathryn Hahn had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed role. It was also revealed that Matt Shakman would direct all six episodes.

In September 2019, it was reported that the series would start production on November 4 in Atlanta.

On December 18, 2019, Christophe Beck revealed that he would compose the series' score.

On January 1, 2020, Disney+ posted a video on Twitter advertising what is coming to the service in 2020, revealing that the series would debut in 2020 instead of 2021.

On February 4, 2020, Bob Iger announced that the series would debut in December 2020.

On March 1, 2020, it was reported that the series had wrapped principal photography.

On March 14, 2020, Marvel Studios paused production on the series, along with "The Falcon and The Winter Soldier" and "Loki", as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On June 4, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin additional photography in July in Los Angeles.

On September 16, 2020, Disney+ posted a video on Twitter advertising some of the titles that were coming to the service in the remainder of 2020, revealing that the series was still scheduled to premiere in 2020.

On November 12, 2020, it was announced that the series would premiere on January 15, 2021.

On January 4, 2021, it was reported that the series' first season would consist of nine episodes. That same day, it was announced that the series would feature original theme songs written by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez.

On May 3, 2021, Kevin Feige revealed that there were plans for Doctor Strange to appear in "The Series Finale". However, those plans were eventually scrapped.

On October 7, 2021, "Variety" reported that a spin-off centered on Agatha Harkness was in development with Jac Schaeffer attached to write and executive produce.

On October 28, 2022, "Deadline" reported that a spin-off series focusing on White Vision was in pre-production at Marvel Studios. The series would exist in addition to the previously announced spin-off "Agatha: Darkhold Diaries".

The Falcon and the Winter Soldier

The Falcon and the Winter Soldier is an American web television miniseries, based on the Marvel Comics superheroes of the same names. The series is a sequel to "" (2019). It is the fourteenth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), and the second installment of Phase Four. The series was produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+.

The first and only season premiered on March 19, 2021, and concluded on April 23, 2021. A fourth "Captain America" movie, titled "", will serve as a continuation of the series. The movie is set to be released on February 14, 2025.

Following the events of "" (2019), Sam Wilson/Falcon and Bucky Barnes/Winter Soldier team up in a global adventure that tests their abilities — and their patience — in Marvel Studios' "The Falcon and The Winter Soldier".



On October 30, 2018, "Variety" reported that Marvel Studios was developing a limited TV series featuring Falcon and Winter Soldier on Disney+, with Kevin Feige set to serve as an executive producer, while Malcolm Spellman was confirmed to serve as the writer of the series.

On April 11, 2019, during Disney's 2019 Investor Day, it was announced that the series would premiere during the first year of Disney+.

On May 17, 2019, Sebastian Stan revealed that the series would start filming in October 2019. That report also mentioned that it would be filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. Later that month, it was reported that the series would premiere in August 2020 and that Kari Skogland was expected to direct the six episodes, with Daniel Brühl and Emily VanCamp set to reprise their roles as Helmut Zemo and Sharon Carter respectively in the series.

On July 10, 2019, "The Wrap" reported that Derek Kolstad had joined the series' writing team.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Feige announced that the series was scheduled to debut on Disney+ in the fall of 2020.

In August 2019, it was reported that the series would start production on October 22, 2019, in Atlanta.

On August 23, 2019, at D23 Expo 2019, Feige announced that Wyatt Russell had joined the show as John Walker/U.S. Agent.

On October 21, 2019, filming began at Pinewood Studios in Atlanta under the working title "Tag Team".

On December 13, 2019, "Deadline Hollywood" reported that Desmond Chiam and Miki Ishikawa had joined the cast in undisclosed roles.

On January 13, 2020, it was reported that the production of the series was temporarily postponed due to recent earthquakes in Puerto Rico.

On February 4, 2020, Bob Iger confirmed that the series would debut in August 2020.

On March 3, 2020, it was reported that filming would take place in Prague, Czech Republic for three weeks.

On March 10, 2020, it was reported that the production of the series in Prague had been shut down due to the spread of COVID-19 and that they would return to Atlanta for filming.

On March 14, 2020, Marvel Studios paused production on "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier", along with "Loki" and "WandaVision", as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On April 24, 2020, Sebastian Stan revealed in an interview that there were about two or three weeks of filming left before production was shut down.

On July 1, 2020, it was reported that the series would shoot in the Czech Republic for nine days in the fall.

On July 2, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin pre-production in Georgia that month, with the aim to start filming as early as August.

On July 17, 2020, it was reported that the series' August premiere date had been delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and that a new premiere date would be announced soon.

On September 21, 2020, it was reported that the series would premiere in 2021 instead of 2020.

On September 29, 2020, VanCamp revealed that she had finished shooting her scenes for the series.

On October 6, 2020, it was reported that the series had resumed filming in Prague and that filming was expected to continue until October 23.

On October 23, 2020, it was reported that the series had wrapped principal photography.

On December 3, 2020, VanCamp said that the series might premiere in early 2021.

On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Feige announced that the series would premiere on March 19, 2021.

On December 28, 2020, it was reported that Henry Jackman had composed the series' score.

On February 3, 2021, Don Cheadle revealed that he would be reprising his role as James Rhodes/War Machine in the series.

Lion's Head (Cape Town)

Lion's Head is a mountain in Cape Town, South Africa, between Table Mountain and Signal Hill. Lion's Head peaks at 669 metres (2,195 ft) above sea level. The peak forms part of a dramatic backdrop to the city of Cape Town and is part of the Table Mountain National Park.
The upper part of the peak consists of flat-lying Table Mountain sandstone and the lower slopes are formed by the Cape Granite and the Malmesbury formation, which are older Precambrian rocks.

Lion's Head is covered in fynbos (indigenous Cape vegetation), with an unusually rich biodiversity that supports a variety of small animals. Three main vegetation types can be found in this relatively small area. All three of them are endemic to the city of Cape Town and can be found nowhere else. Most of Lion's Head is covered in endangered Granite Fynbos, which fades into Peninsula Shale Renosterveld (critically endangered) on the lower slopes towards Signal Hill in the north. Right on the summit of Lion's Head however, is a tiny patch of endangered Sandstone Fynbos, a different ecosystem that is also found nearby on the top of Table Mountain.

Plantation (Maine)

In the U.S. state of Maine, a plantation is a type of small civil division between an unincorporated area and a town. The word in modern times is usually only used in Maine. Plantations are commonly found in not populated places.

No other state has a division equal to a plantation. Massachusetts used the term "plantation" in colonial times (1700s) for a community in a before-town stage of development. It is thought that Maine got the term from Massachusetts, as Maine was once called The District of Maine when it was part of Massachusetts. However, the term has not been used in Massachusetts since the 18th century. The term was also used in colonial Rhode Island, and a trace of it stayed in the official State name until 2020, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.

Richard Walden Hale wrote in "The Story of Bar Harbor", describing the making of a plantation:
First came the survey, without which no settlement was legal. Land so surveyed was divided into 'townships,' which in New England means areas planned for development into full-fledged towns. Then certain proprietors--who might be a religious congregation, a group of speculators, or a group of would-be settlers--bought the 'township,' 'planted it' with settlers, and saw to it that land was reserved for a church and school. When enough settlers had been planted, limited self government was granted, and the township was raised in status to a 'plantation.' When the population of the 'plantation' should have grown large enough, another step forward was taken, the area received full civil rights, the full town organization came into force, and in those days one representative in the legislature or 'General Court' was automatically allotted to the new town. ... Such a system still holds good in Maine. ... To this day one can go thirty miles northeast of Bar Harbor and find, still unsettled, Township Number Seven, just back of Gouldsboro and Sullivan, and then go twenty miles southeast--in each case as the crow flies--and find Swan's Island Plantation, where to this day there is not enough population for the full complement of town officials.

Despite a decreasing number of people, with a permanent number of people of 468 in 1950 and only 331 in 2012, Swan’s Island was later made a town, possibly helped by regular state ferry service which began in 1960. Today the town is a popular summer colony, with a summer population of over 1,000.



Loki (TV series)

Loki is an American web television series, based on the Marvel Comics anti-hero of the same name. It is the fifteenth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The series is produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+.

The first season is a sequel to "" (2019) and the third installment of Phase Four of the MCU. It premiered on June 9, 2021 and concluded on July 14, 2021.

The second season is the fifth installment of Phase Five of the MCU. It premiered on October 5, 2023 and concluded on November 9, 2023.

In Marvel Studios' "Loki", the mercurial villain Loki resumes his role as the God of Mischief in a new series that takes place after the events of "" (2019).

"Loki" Season 2 picks up in the aftermath of the shocking season finale when Loki finds himself in a battle for the soul of the Time Variance Authority. Along with Mobius M. Mobius, Hunter B-15 and a team of new and returning characters, Loki navigates an ever-expanding and increasingly dangerous multiverse in search of Sylvie, Judge Renslayer, Miss Minutes and the truth of what it means to possess free will and glorious purpose.



Before the release of "" (2018), Kevin Feige told Tom Hiddleston about Disney+, Disney's then upcoming streaming service, and revealed that a series centered on Loki was one of the ideas that Marvel Studios was working on.

On September 18, 2018, "Variety" reported that Marvel Studios was developing a limited television series centered on Loki for Disney+, with Feige set to serve as an executive producer.

On November 8, 2018, Bob Iger confirmed that the series was in development and that Hiddleston would be reprising his role as Loki.

On February 15, 2019, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that Michael Waldron would serve as the showrunner and an executive producer of the first season of the series as well as write the pilot episode.

On April 11, 2019, during Disney's 2019 Investor Day, it was announced that the series would premiere during the second year of Disney+.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Feige announced that the series would premiere in Spring 2021. He also stated that the series would be exploring what Loki did after he stole the Tesseract during the Time Heist in "" (2019) and created a new timeline.

On August 8, 2019, it was reported that the series would begin production on January 28, 2020.

On August 14, 2019, during an interview with "MTV News", Hiddleston revealed that the first season of the series would be six hours long and teased that Loki would face "more formidable opponents" than he has encountered before.

On August 23, 2019, at D23 Expo 2019, Feige announced that Kate Herron would direct the first season of the series.

On November 7, 2019, Feige revealed that the series would tie in with "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

On December 21, 2019, Hiddleston revealed that the series had begun pre-production.

On January 15, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin production on January 20.

On March 14, 2020, Marvel Studios paused production on "Loki", along with "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021) and "WandaVision" (2021). This was done due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

On July 2, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin pre-production in Georgia that month with the aim to start production as early as August.

On September 22, 2020, Gugu Mbatha-Raw revealed in an interview that the series had resumed production.

On November 5, 2020, it was revealed that a second season of the series was in development and that it would start production in January 2022 under the working title "Architect".

On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that the series would premiere in May 2021.

On December 16, 2020, it was reported that the first season of the series had wrapped production.

On January 5, 2021, Natalie Holt confirmed reports that she would be composing the score for the first season of the series.

On February 24, 2021, it was announced that the series would premiere on June 11.

On May 5, 2021, it was announced that the series' premiere was pushed up two days from its initial premiere date to June 9.

On July 16, 2021, in an interview with "Deadline Hollywood", Kate Herron revealed that she would not be returning to direct the second season of the series. It was also reported that Sylvie Laufeydottir and Variants of He Who Remains would appear in the second season.

On December 5, 2021, it was reported that the second season of the series was scheduled to start production in February 2022 in the United Kingdom.

On January 31, 2022, it was reported that the second season of the series was scheduled to start production in the summer in the United Kingdom.

On February 17, 2022, "Deadline" reported that Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead would be co-directing the majority of the second season of the series. It was also reported that Eric Martin was set to write the second season of the series.

In May 2022, it was revealed that the second season of the series was scheduled to start production on June 6 in London.

On June 13, 2022, it was reported that the second season of the series had begun production in London and was expected to wrap in December.

On July 7, 2022, in an interview with "Inverse", Natalie Holt revealed that she would be returning to compose the score for the second season of the series.

On July 15, 2022, "Deadline" reported that Rafael Casal had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed major role.

On July 23, 2022, at San Diego Comic-Con 2022, Feige announced that the second season of the series would premiere in Summer 2023.

On September 10, 2022, at D23 Expo 2022, Feige announced that Ke Huy Quan had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed role.

On December 2, 2022, "Deadline" reported that Kate Dickie had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed role.

On May 16, 2023, it was announced that the second season of the series would premiere on October 6.

On September 18, 2023, it was announced that the premiere of the second season of the series was pushed up a day from its initial premiere date to October 5.

Time Variance Authority

The Time Variance Authority (TVA) is a fictional bureaucratic organization from the Marvel Comics universe, created by the Time-Keepers, tasked with preserving the "Sacred Timeline" and preventing the creation of branching timelines caused by nexus events in accordance with the vision of the Time-Keepers.

The TVA was first introduced in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in the Disney+ television series "Loki".

Deliriant

Deliriants are a type of drugs that can cause hallucinations. They are similar to drugs like Ketamine, but their primary effect is Delirium, which is different than the effect by drugs like Ketamine. Deliriants are usually anticholinergic drugs including first generation antihistamines. For example Promethazine, Doxylamine and Dipenhydramine.

Temirtau

Temirtau is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 171,890 people, and the population of the urban area is 177,628 people. The city is a satellite city of Karaganda, the center of the region.

The name of the city is translated from Kazakh as “iron mountain”.

The city of Temirtau, which was originally called the village of Samarkant, was founded by settlers of the Stolypin reform () in 1905.

The construction of the city and its industrial buildings began because of the development of the Karaganda coal basin.

During the Great Patriotic War (the Russian name for World War II), it was decided to build a metallurgical plant in the Samarkant. The plant was built in the shortest possible time and already produced the first steel at the end of 1944.

On October 1, 1945, the workers' settlement of Samarkant officially received the status of a city with the name Temirtau. About 29,000 people lived in the city at that time.

The city of Temirtau has a developed transport infrastructure. The city has several companies serving about thirty bus routes covering the entire city. Minibus taxis are common in the city; ordinary passenger taxis are offered by many companies.

Liminal space (aesthetic)

In internet aesthetics, liminal spaces are empty or abandoned places that are eerie or surreal. Liminal spaces are places that are usually busy that appear empty for an unnatural reason. Some research has shown that liminal spaces may appear eerie or strange because they fall into an uncanny valley of architecture. 

The aesthetic gained popularity in 2019 after a post on 4chan showing a liminal space called the Backrooms went viral. Since then, liminal space images have been posted across the internet, including on Reddit, Twitter, and TikTok.

Mauricio Umansky

Mauricio Simon Umansky (born June 25, 1970) is a Mexican real estate broker and television personality. He is best known as a co-founder and CEO of The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage based in Beverly Hills, California, and for appearing as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since 2022.

Mauricio Simon Umansky was born in Mexico City, Mexico on June 25, 1970, as the elder of two children to Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manufacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist. He has a younger sister. He is Jewish. Umansky was raised in Mexico and moved to the United States with his family at the age of six. He is of Russian, Greek and Turkish decent.

Umansky suffered from neutropenia as a young child, spending a considerable amount of time in hospital. He has been diagnosed legally blind in one eye as a result of the condition.

Umansky attended the University of Southern California, but dropped out to pursue a business venture.

Umansky founded 90265, a clothing company, in 1989. He claims to have started the trend where women wear oversized t-shirts with leggings. He sold the company in 1996.

Umansky made his debut as a real estate agent working at Hilton & Hyland, a boutique firm in Beverly Hills, California, which is co-owned by his brother-in-law, Rick Hilton. He earned over US$200,000 in commissions in his first year and was the number-one agent for eight or nine years straight. His first sale at the firm was a property in Brentwood, California, belonging to his wife's ex-husband, which he sold for US$7.5 million.

Umansky, Billy Rose and Blair Chang co-founded The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, in July 2011. Since it's inception, The Agency RE has grown to over 100 offices and over 2,000 agents across the United States, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and Europe. He has achieved nearly US$5 billion in real estate sales and holds the distinction of selling the most homes in the country priced above US$20 million. He has represented some of the world's most noteworthy properties, including the Playboy Mansion - which was the first house in Los Angeles to sell above the US$100 million mark - the Walt Disney estate, and residences owned by Michael Jackson, Michael Jordan, and Prince.

Umansky was ranked as the third individual U.S. real estate agent for total number of real estate sales transactions in 2018 by RealTrends as published in "The Wall Street Journal".

Umansky made his television debut in March 2005, during an episode of the MTV reality television series "".

Umansky has appeared as a guest on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since October 2010.

Umansky has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Umansky and his team, along with the clients at The Agency RE.

Umansky competed in the 32nd season of "Dancing with the Stars", partnered with professional dancer Emma Slater, debuting on September 26, 2023. They were the sixth couple eliminated, leaving on October 31.

Umansky authored "The Dealmaker: How to Succeed in Business & Life Through Dedication, Determination & Disruption" (), which was published by Gallery Books on April 11, 2023.

Umansky, with his wife, is listed on the "First Families" of the Children's Hospital Los Angeles, which means they have donated US$100,000 or more to the hospital. The couple also held fundraisers for the CHLA in 2013 and 2019, which were featured on "The Real Housewives".

Umansky serves as a board member for Giveback Homes, an organization dedicated to building homes for families in need.

Umansky resides in Encino, Los Angeles with Richards, their three daughters and their dogs.

