Umansky met his wife, Kyle Richards, an actress, in 1994. The couple wed on January 20, 1996, when Richards was 4 months pregnant with their daughter Alexia Umansky. They have two more daughters together; Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky. Farrah Brittany, Richards' daughter from her first marriage, has been his stepdaughter since she was five years old. Umansky's in-law's were business consultant Ken Richards and casting director Kathleen Richards. On July 3, 2023, it was reported by "People" magazine that Umansky and Richards had separated after 27 years of marriage. The couple later released a joint statement which denied they were divorcing, but admitted that they were going through a difficult period in their marriage. Umansky and Richards have both since confirmed their separation.

Umansky is a cousin of Doris Bessudo, from Bravo's reality television series "Mexican Dynasties".

Veronica Cale

Veronica Cale is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is a brilliant scientist and corporate executive who has been an enemy to Wonder Woman. Her dislike of Wonder Woman is personal, and she has targeted the superhero many times for her own reasons. She has also been a member of the Science Squad.

"Veronica Cale" was created by Greg Rucka and Drew Johnson, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" (Volume 2) #196 (2003).

Central vowel

A central vowel, also known before as a mixed vowel, is any in a class of vowel sounds used in some spoken languages. The biggest thing of a central vowel is that the tongue is put halfway between a front vowel and a back vowel. (Using this, unrounded central vowels are usually further forward and rounded central vowels are further back.)

The central vowels that have their own symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet are:


There also are central vowels that do not have their own symbols in the IPA:


Villainy Inc.

Villainy Inc. is a team of supervillainnesses who appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are enemies of Wonder Woman. The Golden Age version was led by Eviless, the Modern Age version was led by Queen Clea, and the Prime Earth version was led by Doctor Psycho and masterminded by Hera. There have been many members over the years and several incarnations of the team, but the original group was made of Blue Snowman, Cheetah, Doctor Poison, Giganta, Hypnota, Queen Clea, and Zara. "Villainy, Inc." was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" #28 (1948).

Makedonsko Delo

Makedonsko Delo () was a pro-Macedonian newspaper connected to the IMRO (United) and came out on the 10th and 25th of each month. It was printed in Berlin, Vienna, and Paris. The newspaper started on September 10, 1925, and had notable people like Dimitar Vlahov, Vladimir Pop Tomov, and Pavel Šatev. In total, 179 issues were published, with the last one on May 25, 1935. In its time, the newspaper stood out as one of the few supporting the idea of an independent Macedonian nation.

During the 1920s there were many Macedonian activist in foreign land, the most notable ones being IMRO (United) which had bases in Vienna and Istanbul, the group in Vienna had a big disagreement with the one in Istanbul, mostly because the Istanbul supported the Comintern while the other disliked how the Comintern handled the Macedonian question

In 1924 there was a meeting with IMRO members from all over Eastern Europe, some of which sided with the group in Vienna, since then the groups were divided into two, those who supported the Comintern formed another newspaper known as ""Makedonsko samoznanie"" (Macedonian self-education) and the other formed Makedonsko delo.

Makedonsko delo began to publish issues in September 10, 1925, the first issue was edited by Dimitar Vlahov, and he was the main editors of the first few editions before Vladimir Pop Tomov became the main editor. The main mission of the newspaper was the unity of Macedonia and all of its regions and to create a seperate nations for the Macedonians, or for the inclusion of Macedonia into a Balkan federation.

The main editor Vladamir Pop Tomov also used multiple fake names in order to hide his name such as the fake name "V. Gramov". As soon as the newspaper began becoming popular it was banned in Yugoslavia due to spreading pro-Macedonian concepts in Vardar Macedonia which it was trying to supress. The newspaper was also anti-fascist and was aganist Nazi Germany.

According to Pavel Šatev, one of the founders of the newspaper in one of its issues in october 1925 stated:Eventually the newspaper would begin to support the Comintern in 1934 after the Resolution of the Comintern on the Macedonian question which it helped in making, it also published the text in its own newspaper.

Spina bifida

In humans, spina bifida is a split in the vertebral column (the spine). It is a birth defect. During early pregnancy, the spine closes around the membranes in the spinal chord. This happens between the 22nd and the 28th day of pregnancy. With spina bifida, this doesn't fuilly happen. In Western Europe, spina bifida happens in about 1 in 1000 births; girls are affected slightly more often than boys.

It needs to be treated within the first few days after birth. Usually, the people affected are severely disabled. Taking folate before and during the pregnancy can reduce the risk of this birth defect.

Pseudophilautus folicola

The leaf-dwelling shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus folicola") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka.

Blue Snowman

The Blue Snowman is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a scientist who wears an armored mech suit to commit crimes, regularly battling Wonder Woman. Using a telescopic snow ray, they can create blue snow to paralyze their victims. They have been a member of the Ice Pack and Villainy Inc..

Blue Snowman was created by Joye Murchison and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Sensation Comics" #59. (1946)

Lushnjë

Lushnjë is a city in central Albania. It is in the Fier County. 83,659 people lived here at the 2011 census. It has a total area of . It has many schools.

In January 1920, Lushnjë was a temporary capital of Albania and the place of the Congress of Lushnjë.

Sam Altman

Samuel Harris Altman ( ; born April 22, 1985) is an American businessman and investor. He has been chief executive officer of OpenAI since 2019 (even though he was briefly fired in 2023) and president of Y Combinator from 2011 to 2019.

Altman was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by "Time" magazine in 2023.

Carlos Sosa (footballer)

Carlos Adolfo "Lucho" Sosa (21 July 1919 – 2 March 2009) was an Argentine footballer who played as a midfielder. He spent most of his career in Boca Juniors, where he won six titles. With the Argentina national team he also won two Copa América. Sosa is considered one of the best right halves in the history of Argentine football, apart from being an emblematic player of Boca Juniors during the 1940s. Sosa was a skillful player with good ball control, which allowed him to advance to the rival goal in attacking positions. He also had a strong shot so he was in charge of the free kicks on the right side of the field. Despite his abilities, Argentina's coach, Guillermo Stábile, did not call him up for the national team. Some versions state that he considered Sosa "dribbled excessively", preferring more aggressive players for defensive positions, such as Norberto Yácono or Juan Carlos Fonda.

Sosa started his career with Atlanta, debuting in Primera División on 30 July 1939 v Chacarita Juniors. His initial position was left back. Sosa's good performances on the field sparkled interest in Boca Juniors, which finally acquired Sosa for $25,000 plus the transfers of players Vilana, Tenorio and Angeletti. Boca also gave Atlanta of a friendly match played in Ferro Carril Oeste stadium. His last match with Atlanta was on 22 December 1940 v Independiente, playing a total of 40 games with the club. He was part of a well-remembered "xeneize" team that went down in history for its good football skills and understanding among its members. That midfield was made up of the footballers Natalio Pescia and Ernesto Lazzatti. He was also a memorable partner for the remembered goalscorer Mario Boyé, as he assisted him very often. He said goodbye to the blue and gold jersey playing a total of 294 games and scoring 9 goals. In 1952 he emigrated to France where he played for Racing Paris and then Red Star until the end of his career.

Sosa made his international debut in 1942 for Argentina, he won the Copa América 1945 and he won the Copa América 1946, in total Sosa played 12 times for Argentina with no goals scored.

After retiring from football, he became manager, coaching Boca Juniors in 1960, but after matchday 10 of the championship in July – 4 wins, 5 draws, 1 defeat, 17–9 goals – he resigned because of the unsuccessful results. José D'Amico, who later coached the national team for several matches, followed him in the office. Sosa was also manager of San Telmo and Uruguayan club Racing Club de Montevideo.

He died on March 2, 2009 at the age of 90.
Boca Juniors

Argentina

Campbelltown City SC

Campbelltown City Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Campbelltown, a suburb of Adelaide. It plays in the National Premier Leagues South Australia (NPL SA). The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Adelaide's Italian community.

North Eastern MetroStars SC

North Eastern MetroStars Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Klemzig, a suburb of Adelaide. It plays in the National Premier Leagues South Australia (NPL SA).

Goulburn Valley Suns FC

Goulburn Valley Suns Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Shepparton, a city in Victoria. It plays in the Victorian Premier League 2 (VPL 2).

Heidelberg United FC

Heidelberg United Alexander Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Heidelberg West, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL VIC).

The club has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community, which is the largest outside Greece. The club was founded by Greek Australians, who originally called it Alexander the Great Melbourne Soccer Club, after Alexander the Great.

Melbourne Knights FC

Melbourne Knights Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Sunshine North, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL VIC). The club was founded by Croatian Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Croatian community.

Norberto Yácono

Norberto Yácono (also Iacono / 8 January 1919 – November 1985) was an Argentine footballer defender who won six Argentine league championships with CA River Plate. He was born in Buenos Aires. Yácono was a versatile defender: he played as a centre-back or as a right-back. He was particularly adept at playing the latter role, being appreciated for his confidence in playing the ball and his ability to mark, especially against opposing wingers. Its performance was remarkable. Yácono is widely regarded to be one of the best defenders of all time. He was nicknamed "Pacho" and "The Little Giant" by his fans because of being praised for his man-marking skills as his hallmark.

From an early age he was a fan of River Plate, of which he became a season ticket holder at the age of six; In 1933, through a friend of his father, he got an audition to enter the youth sector. He joined the first team in 1938, but he made his debut for the first team in 1939 on the day of Bernabé Ferreyra's retirement, against Newell's Old Boys. He soon established himself as a starting defender, partnering Aarón Wergifker, Ricardo Vaghi and Luis Antonio Ferreyra over the years. During the period of the so-called Máquina, he established himself as a mainstay of the defense, playing in the 2-3-5 formation. Later, with the adoption of the 3-2-5, he advanced in midfield line with José Ramos and Néstor Rossi, always carrying out defensive duties. La Máquina won four titles from 1941 to 1947, and once the winning streak ended he remained with the club until 1953, under the guidance of José Minella, obtaining two more championships in 1952 and '53. He then left the club from the red band (for which, with his 393 appearances, he is the fifth player in terms of number of games played) to move to Mexico, to América in Mexico City. In 1958 he left Central America for North America, playing first in Canada, with Montreal Cantalia and Canadian Alouettes, and later in the United States, where he was the first professional footballer.

He made his national debut on 25 May 1942, in Buenos Aires against Uruguay, in the Copa Lipton match. He took part in minor competitions, such as the Copa Nicanor R. Newton in 1942 and the Copa Juan R. Mignaburu. He was then called up to the 1947 Campeonato Sudamericano de Football, where he made his debut on 2 December in Guayaquil against Paraguay; In this match he was lined up as a starter, and played the full 90 minutes. In the competition, he was employed as a midfielder, remaining first choice in his position throughout the competition, in which he appeared in every game. In 1950 he competed in the Copa Rosa Chevalier Boutell, and in 1951 he played his last matches for Argentina, playing in two friendlies. 
In 1961, he was the head coach for Montreal Cantalia in the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League. After retiring as a player in the early 1960s Yácono returned to Argentina where he worked as the manager of Sportivo Italiano, Lanús and Godoy Cruz. Later in his career he took up a position of youth team coach for River Plate.
After he immigrated to the US and lived in New Jersey, he was still very active with soccer and became the coach for Iberia Airlines of Spain in the New York Airlines Soccer League, which does not exist any more . That was in the early 70s. His knowledge and passion for soccer helped the team to win the championship in 1973. Through the efforts of Norberto Yacono, Iberia Airlines was able to incorporate in the team recently retired players from Argentina, such as Norberto Troilo and Guillermo Heredia. His son, "Pichi", also played for the team that winning year.

It is reported that for arranging the match between Kansas City Spurs and Brazil's Santos FC around their superstar Pelé during their tour of the US in 1968 he was bestowed the honorary citizenship of Kansas City.

Yácono died in November 1985 at the age of 66.





Northcote City FC

Northcote Knights Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Thornbury, a suburb of Melbourne about 1.1km from the suburb of Northcote. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria 1 (NPL VIC 1). The club was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community.

Oakleigh Cannons FC

Oakleigh Cannons Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Oakleigh, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL VIC). The club was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community.

Floreat Athena FC

Floreat Athena Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Leederville, a suburb of Perth. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Western Australia (NPL WA). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Perth's Greek community.

Inglewood United FC

Inglewood United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Inglewood, a suburb of Perth. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Western Australia (NPL WA).

Buying Beverly Hills

Buying Beverly Hills is an American reality television series which was released on Netflix on November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Mauricio Umansky and his teams at The Agency RE, his global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California.

"Buying Beverly Hills" was first announced as "the new real estate occu-soap" in a press release by Netflix on June 23, 2022.

The series focuses on Mauricio Umansky and his agents, along with the clients at The Agency RE, Umansky's global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California.

The official trailer for the debut season was released on October 7, 2022. ITV America, Just Entertainment, Wheelhouse Entertainment and Spoke Studios served as the production companies.

The first season was released on Netflix on November 4, 2022. The original cast consisted of Umansky, Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Santiago Arana, Ben Belack, Joey Ben-Zvi, Jon Grauman, Brandon Graves, Allie Lutz Rosenberger, Melissa Platt, and Sonika Vaid.

On April 10, 2023, it was announced that the series had been renewed for a second season. 

The second season is set to be released on March 22, 2024. Kyle Richards, Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky make appearances throughout the season.


Never Let Me Down Again

Never Let Me Down Again is a 1987 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the second single from their sixth studio album "Music for the Masses". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 63 in the United States, number 1 in Denmark, number 7 in Switzerland and Sweden, number 12 in Ireland, number 5 in South Africa and Finland, number 82 in Australia and number 2 in Germany.

All songs written by Martin Gore.

7": Mute / Bong14 (UK)

12": Mute / 12Bong14 (UK)

12": Mute / L12Bong14 (UK)

Cassette: Mute / CBong14 (UK)

CD: Mute / CDBong14 (UK)


CD: Mute / CDBong14 (UK)


José Almanzor

José Almanzor (born 28 December 1929) is a Mexican archer. Almanzor competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Luis Álvarez

Luis Antonio Álvarez Murillo (born 13 April 1991) is a Mexican archer. Álvarez competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Mongul

Mongul is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is an alien world-conqueror and the leader of Warworld. His brutal and merciless nature make him an enemy to Superman and a threat to the larger universe. His specialty is using the Black Mercy plants to incapacitate his opponents. Eventually he was murdered by Neron during "Underworld Unleashed". His son is the second Mongul, who follows in his father's footsteps and later joins the Sinestro Corps. His daughter Mongal became the queen of Almerac until she was murdered by her brother.

"Mongul" was created by Len Wein and Jim Starlin, first appearing in "DC Comics Presents" #27 (1980).

Debuting in the Bronze Age of Comic Books, Mongul has been featured in other DC Comics-endorsed products such as animated series, video games, a direct-to-DVD movie, and merchandise such as action figures and trading cards.

Warworld

Warworld is a fictional planet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is an artificial planet created by the Warzoons that is ruled by Mongul, his son and Mongal.

Chuck Taylor (wrestler)

Dustin Lee Howard (born April 22, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Chuck Taylor. He was given the name by his trainers because of him always wearing Chuck Taylor All-Stars shoes during training.

He has also spent time wrestling in Chikara, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Evolve, Dragon Gate USA, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Ring of Honor (ROH), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

On February 7, 2019, Taylor and Trent Beretta both announced that they had signed contracts with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

At Double or Nothing, Taylor would make his in-ring AEW debut. He would team with his Best Friends teammate Trent Beretta and they would defeat the team of The Hybrid2 (Angélico and Jack Evans).

Best Friends would compete in a tournament to determine who would become the very first AEW World Tag Team Champions. They would compete for a bye in the first round at All Out but lost to The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson). They would still compete in the tournament but would lose in the first round to eventual champions SoCal Uncensored (Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky) on the October 16 episode of "Dynamite". On the November 20 episode of "Dynamite", Taylor would compete in the 2019 Dynamite Diamond Ring Battle Royal but the match would be won by "Hangman" Adam Page and MJF.

At Bash at the Beach, Best Friends would compete in a four-way number one contender match against The Elite (Adam Page and Kenny Omega), The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson), and The Inner Circle (Santana and Ortiz). The match would be won by The Elite. They would win a title shot and challenge Page and Omega for the titles on Night 1 of Fyter Fest but lost.

At All Out, Taylor would enter a 21-man Casino Battle Royale for a AEW World Championship match in the future but the match would be won by Lance Archer.

On the November 6 episode of "Dark", Taylor would get his first singles victory in AEW when he defeated Lee Johnson.

At Double or Nothing, Taylor competed in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

If I Can Dream

If I Can Dream is a 1968 song by Elvis Presley and was taken from the 1968 "Elvis" comeback special. It went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in the United States, number 13 in Italy and Ireland, number 6 in Canada, number 2 in Australia, number 9 in New Zealand and number 7 in South Africa. It was covered by Barry Manilow in 1990 and went to number 81 in the United Kingdom.

USL Championship

The USL Championship (also known as USLC) is a professional soccer league for men in the United States. It started in 2011 and is is the second-best level of professional soccer in the country, just below Major League Soccer.

The league is managed by the United Soccer League, and their main office is in Tampa, Florida. The USL Championship was created by combining two smaller leagues, USL First Division (USL-1) and USL Second Division (USL-2), after the 2010 season.

This combination happened because neither USL-1 nor the North American Soccer League (NASL) were officially recognized as Division II leagues by the United States Soccer Federation (USSF). They had to play in a temporary league called USSF Division 2 Pro League for a while. The goal of putting these leagues together was to make the overall soccer situation better in the United States. They thought it would make soccer more stable and popular.

These teams below played in the USL Championships during the 2023 season.

Notes

‡ Puerto Rico clubs Puerto Rico United, River Plate Puerto Rico, and Sevilla Puerto Rico began play in the league, but in May 2011 United Soccer Leagues announced that the teams would not finish the season due to financial difficulties.


Castelnovo di Sotto

Castelnovo di Sotto is a "comune" in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Modigliana

Modigliana is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Farrah Brittany

Farrah Brittany Aldjufrie (born October 31, 1988) is an American real estate agent and television personality. She has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since 2022. She is the eldest daughter of actress Kyle Richards.

Farrah Brittany Aldjufrie was born in Los Angeles, California on October 31, 1988. She is the only child of Guraish Aldjufrie, a real-estate tycoon, and Kyle Richards, an actress. She has three younger half-sisters; Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky; Portia is also her goddaughter. Mauricio Umansky has been her stepfather since she was five years old.

Farrah graduated from New York University with her associate's degree in Liberal Studies. She later graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Southern California with her Bachelor of Science degree in psychology, minoring in business.

Farrah's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director.

Farrah made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Farrah has worked as a real estate agent at The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California, which was co-founded by her stepfather Mauricio Umansky, since 2011. She serves as the Director of Client Relations. She is currently a senior agent. Brittany was ranked #66 on the "Los Angeles Business Journal"'s 500 most influential people of 2018.

Farrah has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Brittany and the team, along with the clients at The Agency RE.

Farrah has been in a relationship with Alex Manos, the owner and President of Beverly Hills Car Club, since 2018. The couple announced their engagement on November 28, 2021.

Farrah resides in Los Angeles, California with her fiancée. She also owns her own home.

Alexia Umansky

Alexia Simone Umansky (born June 18, 1996) is an American real estate agent and television personality. She is best known as the eldest daughter of Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky, and for appearing as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since 2022.

Alexia Simone Umansky was born in Los Angeles, California on June 18, 1996, as the eldest of three daughters to Kyle Richards, an actress, and Mauricio Umansky, a real estate broker. She has two sisters; Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky, and an older maternal half-sister Farrah Brittany. She is Jewish.

Umansky attended Milken Community School from 2008 to 2014. She attended the University of Arizona, before transferring to Emerson College. She graduated in 2018, with her bachelor's degree in marketing communications.

Umansky's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director. Her paternal grandparents are Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manufacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist.

Umansky made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Umansky has worked as a real estate agent at The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California, which was co-founded by her father Mauricio Umansky, since 2018. She is currently a junior agent.

Umansky has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Umansky and the team, along with the clients at The Agency RE.

Umansky has been in a relationship with Jake Zingerman since November 2019.

Umansky resides in Encino, Los Angeles with her parents and sisters.

Shakhtinsk

Shakhtinsk (, ) is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan. Located between the Sherubay-Nura and Tentek rivers, 50 km west of Karaganda, the administrative center of the region. As of 2023, the city's population was 39,185, and the urban area's population was 58,451.

The city was originally called "Tentek" (). It started as a workers' settlement in 1955. The reason for this was that coal coke was found nearby.

On January 1, 1959, 700 people lived here. The city's population grew because of the workers coming from the RSFSR, Ukrainian SSR and Byelorussian SSR.

The city's largest population was in 1989. At that time, 96,654 people lived in the city.

Between 1989 and 1999, the population of the city decreased by 41800 people. This happened not only in Shakhtinsk, but also in other cities. Factories began to close in small industrial cities. Because of this, there was no work in the city.

Nationalities including the population of the urban area (as of the beginning of 2021):

First Howling: Now

First Howling: Now is the first studio album by the Japanese band &TEAM. It was released on 15 November 2023 by Hybe Labels Japan, five months after the release of their second mini-album "First Howling: We" (2023).

"First Howling: Now" contains 18 tracks, whereby this album contains six new songs, ten songs that have been released through previous mini-albums and two songs from the reality television show, "&Audition – The Howling –". Recorded in Japanese and Korean languages, the track "War Cry" served as the album's title track.


Tredozio

Tredozio is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Vicente de la Mata

Vicente de la Mata (January 15, 1918 – August 4, 1980) was an Argentine football forward and manager. He played most of his club career for Independiente and played for the Argentina national team between 1937 and 1946. De la Mata was a versatile player, purely devoted to attacking play. During his career, he played a variety of roles, including centre-forward and midfielder, both in the centre and on both flanks: The one in which he was most often employed was as a striker. Among de la Mata's characteristics, the one that stood out the most was his dribbling ability, for which he became particularly famous at the time: in addition to this innate ability, he was gifted with technique and a refined vision of the game, which allowed him to implement an elegant game. During his time at Independiente, he also excelled in his scoring skills, which led him to score 151 goals; he was part of an attacking trio with Arsenio Erico and Antonio Sastre, who scored a total of 556 goals in official matches. Widely considered as one of the greatest Argentinian football players of his generation. He is regarded one of the greatest idols of the Club Atlético Independiente de Avellaneda, along with Antonio Sastre and Arsenio Erico, he was part of the attacking tridents with which the club won the Argentine championships of 1938 and 1939.

Born in the Province of Santa Fe, he began playing football in the youth sector of Central Córdoba, where he was trained: in fact, he passed through all the divisions, until he reached the first team. Alongside Gabino Sosa, a former member of the Argentine national team, de la Mata improved his skills and was noticed by Independiente, who bought him in 1937 for the sum — considered very high — of 27,500 pesos. Upon his arrival at Avellaneda, the coach deployed him in the central attacking trio in the 2-3-5 alongside Erico and Sastre: with these two, de la Mata formed a very prolific attack, capable of scoring 218 goals in two championships (1938 and 1939). He made his debut on the first day of the 1937 championship. In 1938 he won the first championship, scoring 26 times. On October 12, 1939, against River Plate, he scored a goal considered by many to be one of the most beautiful goals scored in Argentina. In the league, he scored 38 more goals, setting his own personal best. In 1948, despite scoring only two goals, he helped Independiente win their third title. In the city derby against Racing, de la Mata became the second-highest scorer ever: 10 goals in 14 seasons, behind Paraguayan Erico's 19 goals. The Rosario striker decided to leave the club with the red jersey to play for Newell's Old Boys, a team of his city and of which he was a fan. He made his debut on Sunday 15 April 1951 at the Cilindro di Avellaneda, in a 1–1 draw with Racing; a week later he took the field at the Parque de la Independencia for the first home game with the new jersey. De la Mata was employed as a right-sided midfielder, supporting centre-forward Focchi. The goal of 12 Octobera against River Plate at the Monumental in Núñez de la Mata he scored a goal similar to the Goal of the Century. He received the ball from goalkeeper Fernando Bello and discarded Moreno, Minella, Moreno again, Wergifker, Santamaría and Cuello in order; stopped the ball, faked the pass to Erico and, seeing Sirni coming out, decided to shoot at goal, eluding the goalkeeper. Despite the fact that the shooting angle was very small, the ball hit the post and went into the net. This goal gave rise to the nickname Capote. After going scoreless in the 1951 tournament, he scored his first and only goal for Newell's on 12 June 1952, a Thursday, scoring in the 22nd minute of the second half in a 2–1 win over Boca Juniors at the Parque de la Independencia. In 1953 he returned to play for Central Córdoba in the Primera B Nacional, with the aim of retiring with that team. In 1955 he ended his playing career.

He made his national debut on 1 February 1937, during the final of the 1937 Campeonato Sudamericano de Football between Argentina and rivals Brazil. On 30 January, the tournament was supposed to end, but as the two national teams were tied in first place, a play-off had to be played: the venue was the Estadio Gasómetro. The game remained deadlocked in both regular halves; de la Mata came on in the 84th minute, replacing Francisco Varallo. This substitution proved decisive, when, in the 109th minute, the Independiente player scored, repeating the feat three minutes later, thus sealing the 2-0 win and the victory of the trophy by his team. Following this, he was named the best player of the event. In 1945 de la Mata was again called up to the national team to play in the South American Championship, which was held in Santiago, Chile. He took the field for the first time against Bolivia, starting as a midfielder: he scored the final goal in the 4th minute, and was replaced by Farro six minutes later. The next match was against Ecuador, and once again de la Mata started from the start, scoring to make it 2–0 in the 2nd minute: he then left the field in favor of Méndez. On the 5th February against Colombia he was rested, as well as against Chile four days later; he was used again against Brazil, as a substitute for Méndez, whom he brought on in the 8th minute. The last match against Uruguay did not see him on the field, but the victory of the Argentine national team still allowed him to win the second consecutive trophy. In 1946 he was chosen to join the team for South American Buenos Aires. He made his debut with the opening goal of the competition, in the 19th minute of Argentina-Paraguay; once again, there was the dualism with Méndez, who replaced him in the 9th. He was ruled out of Argentina-Bolivia on 6 January and the match against Chile on 9 January: he returned to action on 19 February against Uruguay. On 2 February, he was selected as a starter for the match against Brazil, but was sent off, along with the green-and-gold striker Chico, in the 9th minute: this sanction also caused the suspension of the match, which was resumed 10 minutes later.

De La Mata went on to become a football manager, he had spells in charge of Independiente, Deportivo Morón, Dock Sud and Central Córdoba.





Raju Shrestha

Fahim Ajani or Raju Shrestha [born 15 August 1966], initially credited as Master Raju or Master Rajoo, is an Indian film and television actor, who started his film career as a child actor, in the 1970s.

Raju has acted in films like Gulzar's "Parichay", Hrishikesh Mukherjee's "Bawarchi" (1972), Yash Chopra's "Daag: A Poem of Love" (1973), Basu Chatterjee's "Chitchor" (1976) and Gulzar's "Kitaab" (1977).

 

Bagno di Romagna

Bagno di Romagna is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Bagno di Romagna is twinned with:

Neerav Patel

Neerav Patel (2 December 1950 – 15 May 2019) was a Gujarati and English language poet, translator and editor; primarily known for his contribution in Gujarati Dalit literature such as "Burning From Both The Ends" (1980, English poems), 

He received the Mahendra Bhagat Prize (2004–2005) from Gujarati Sahitya Parishad, and the Sant Kabir Dalit Sahitya Award (2005) from the Government of Gujarat.


Sancho IV of Castile

Sancho IV (12 May 1258 - 25 April 1295) nicknamed the Brave () was the King of Castile and León from 1284 until his death in 1295. He was considered one of Castile's greatest kings because of his braveness. He succeeded his father, King Alfonso X in 1284. After Sancho became king, he put down a rebellion led by his nephew, Alfonso, the son of Sancho's older brother, Ferdinand. Like his predecessors, Sancho actively fought in the Reconquista and conquered some lands from the Moors.

On 21 April 1295, Sancho succumbed to Tuberculosis where he died four days later on 25 April 1295 at the age of 37. He was succeeded by his 10-year old son, Ferdinand IV with his wife, Queen María de Molina serving as regent for the boy king.

Moutiers, Meurthe-et-Moselle

Moutiers is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeast France.

V. K. Ahuja

V. K. Ahuja is a senior professor at the Faculty of Law, University of Delhi, India and is presently serving as the Vice-Chancellor of National Law University and Judicial Academy, Assam (NLUJAA), India.

Borghi

Borghi is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Jhony Galli

Jhony Moisés Galli Moreira (born 19 March 1990) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Deportivo Municipal in the Peru Peruvian Primera División.

Castrocaro Terme e Terra del Sole

Castrocaro Terme e Terra del Sole is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. The "comune" has three small towns: Castrocaro, Pieve Salutare and Terra del Sole.

Castrocaro is a famous spa town.

Varsha Bhosle

Varsha Bhosle (1956 – 8 October 2012) was an Indian singer, columnist and writer based in Mumbai. She was the daughter of the playback singer Asha Bhosle. On 8 October 2012, Bhosle did suicide at her home in Mumbai. Mumbai Police said she has shot herself with a licensed gun.

Civitella di Romagna

Civitella di Romagna is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Dovadola

Dovadola is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Forlimpopoli

Forlimpopoli is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Galeata

Galeata is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Gambettola

Gambettola is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Gatteo

Gatteo is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Longiano

Longiano is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.


Meldola

Meldola is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Nitish Mishra

Nitish Mishra (born 9 July 1973) is an Indian politician hailing from eastern Indian state of Bihar, India. He represented Jhanjharpur assembly constituency in Madhubani district in 13th, 14th and 15th Bihar Legislative Assembly. Presently, he is member of 17th Bihar Legislative Assembly from Jhanjharpur and also Vice President, BJP - Bihar.

Mercato Saraceno

Mercato Saraceno is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Nation Ford High School

Nation Ford High School (NFHS) is a public high school in Fort Mill, South Carolina. It is part of the York County School District 4. It takes its name from the historic Nation Ford Road.


Montiano

Montiano is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Portico e San Benedetto

Portico e San Benedetto is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Premilcuore

Premilcuore is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

WAGR S class (diesel)

The WAGR S class were a total of 11 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1998 to 2000.

The S class were built by Clyde Engineering at Forrestfield for mineral traffic in the southwest of Western Australia. In late 2000 all were sold off along with Westrail to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG). All remain in service with Aurizon.

Harshad Chopda

Harshad Chopda (born 17 May 1983) is an Indian television actor known for his portrayal of Captain Aditya Hooda in "Bepannaah" and Dr. Abhimanyu Birla in "Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai".


Pseudophilautus zorro

The Gannoruwa shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus zorro") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it near Kandy and in the Knuckles Forest Reserve, 500-800 meters above sea level. 

The adult male frog is 19-23 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 22-30 mm. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color, and its belly has dark brown color on it. The frogs in this species can look different from each other. They can be light brown, pale, green, or yellow. Scientists say this is to make the frog harder to see. 

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists think this is because human beings build things in places where the frog lives and because of chemicals meant to kill pests and meant to make plants grow.

Predappio

Predappio is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. The town is the birthplace and resting place of Benito Mussolini, dictator of Italy from 1922 to 1943.

Predappio is twinned with:

Breuna

Breuna is a municipality in Kassel in Hesse, Germany. It is 24 km northwest of Kassel.

Breuna is twinned with:


Rocca San Casciano

Rocca San Casciano is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Roncofreddo

Roncofreddo is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

San Mauro Pascoli

San Mauro Pascoli is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Santa Sofia, Emilia–Romagna

Santa Sofia is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Sarsina

Sarsina is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Savignano sul Rubicone

Savignano sul Rubicone is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Savignano sul Rubicone is twinned with:

Sogliano al Rubicone

Sogliano al Rubicone is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Sogliano al Rubicone is twinned with:

Saran

Saran (; ) is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan. It is located 15 kilometers from Karaganda, the center of the region. There are 34,636 people living in the city, and 43,816 people living in the urban area.

In 1939, a village of geologists appeared on the place of the city. Geologists found coal in the area of the future city. Coal mining began during the Second World War. Along with coal mining, the village of Saran started to grow.

On December 20, 1954, Saran received city status.

Private Eye

Private Eye is a British fortnightly satirical and current affairs news magazine. It started in 1961. It is published in London and has been edited by Ian Hislop since 1986. It is well known for its prominent criticism and lampooning of public figures. It is also has a lot of investigative journalism into under-reported scandals and cover-ups.

It is Britain's best-selling current affairs magazine. Many of its long-running jokes have entered popular culture in the United Kingdom. It regularly published satirical pages under the title "Mrs Wilson's diary" in the 1960s when Mrs Wilson was living in Downing Street with Harold Wilson, the Prime Minister. It was in the style of the BBC radio serial "Mrs Dale's Diary." In 1969 it was made into a movie. "Nooks and Corners" an architectural column, is severely critical of architectural vandalism and "barbarism". It was originally founded by John Betjeman in 1971. "Pseuds Corner" is one of the longest running columns with pretentious quotations from all sorts of media.

It recorded its highest-ever circulation in the second half of 2016. It is privately owned and highly profitable.

With a "deeply conservative resistance to change", it is only available printed on cheap paper, not online. It looks more like a comic rather than a serious magazine. Both its satire and investigative journalism have led to numerous libel suits. The cover of the tenth anniversary issue in 1971 (number 257) showed a cartoon headstone inscribed with an extensive list of well-known names, and the epitaph: "They did not sue in vain".

it often carries news that the mainstream press will not print for fear of law suits or because the material is of minority interest. It is known for the use of pseudonyms by the writers many of whom have been prominent in public life – this even extends to a fictional proprietor, Lord Gnome. 

Sayda

Sayda is a town in Mittelsachsen in Saxony, Germany. It is 24 km south of Freiberg, and 28 km north of Chomutov.

Sayda is twinned with:

Civil disorder

Civil unrest is when groups of people no longer obey the state order, and become violent. Civil unrest usually starts for a reason. Civil unrest can start because of social or economic problems. Very often, civil unrest is the result of one group of people oppressing another group of people.

Meziboří

Meziboří () is a town in Most District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.

Meziboří is twinned with:


1998 Westside Middle School shooting

On March 24, 1998, at 12:40 pm, a mass shooting occurred at Westside Middle School in Jonesboro, Arkansas, United States. At least 5 people were killed and many others injured.

The shooters were later identified by police as 13-year-old Mitchell Johnson and 11-year-old Andrew Golden, who were students from the school.

Eric Smith (murderer)

Eric M. Smith (January 22, 1980) is an American murderer who, at the age of thirteen, murdered a 4-year-old boy named Derrick Robie in Steuben County, New York, on August 2, 1993. 

Smith was tried as an adult, making him the youngest murder defendant tried as an adult in New York state history. 

Smith was charged and convicted on August 1994 and sentenced to 9 years to life in prison.

Smith was denied parole 10 times between 2002 and January 2020. He had also apologized to Derrick's family in multiple interviews, he had also explained that he had been abused by his stepfather, Ted and bullied by his classmates and that he took his anger out on Derrick because of it. Smith was granted parole on October 2021, after 27 years of incarceration. He was released on February 1, 2022.


Baler, Aurora

Baler is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Aurora. According to the 2020 census, 43,785 people lived there.

Hostile architecture

Hostile architecture is an idea from Urban design architecture should be used to guide people towards wanted behaviour. The opposite can also be true: Design in such a way that certain unwanted behaviour becomes uncomfortable, or is not possible at all any more. Hostile architecture often targets people who use public spaces more than others: Young people, poor people or homeless people. It does this by restricting the physical behaviours they can engage in.

Other names for the concept are defensive architecture, hostile design, unpleasant design, exclusionary design, and defensive urban design. The term hostile architecture is often associated with items like "anti-homeless spikes". These are studs in flat surfaces to make sleeping on them uncomfortable and impractical. This form of architecture is most common in densely populated and urban areas. Other measures include sloped window sills to stop people sitting; benches with armrests positioned to stop people lying on them; water sprinklers that spray from time to time; and public trash bins with inconveniently small mouths to prevent the insertion of bulky wastes. Hostile architecture is also used against skateboarding, BMXing, inline skating, littering, loitering, public urination, and trespassing, and as a form of pest control.

The term "hostile architecture" is quite new. This is not the case for the use of civil engineering to achieve social engineering: Examples are urine deflectors, desgned in the 19th century, or urban planning in the United States that takes the idea of racial segregation into account. American urban planner Robert Moses designed a stretch of Long Island Southern State Parkway with low stone bridges so that buses could not pass under them. This made it more difficult for people who relied on public transportation, mainly African Americans, to visit the beach that wealthier car-owners could visit. Outside of the United States, public space design change for the purpose of social control also has historic precedent: the narrow streets of 19th century Paris, France were made wider for the purpose of allowing the military easier ability to stop protests.

In its modern form, the design philiophy crime prevention through environmental design, or CPTED, influenced it. This philisophy uses three strategies to prevent crime, and protect property: Natural surveillance, natural acess cotrol, and territorial enforcement. Excusionary design is becoming more common, especially in large cities, such as Stockholm. 

Such guidelines have often been implemented, starting in the 1970s. As of 2004, most implementations of CPTED rely on the idea that if the built environment was properly designed, and used effectively, this could reduce crime, and the fear of crime. With this, the quality of life would be improved. When CPTED is implemented, the environment where the crimes would occur is changed, so that committing the crimes becomes more difficult. 

The six main concepts according to Moffat are territoriality, surveillance, access control, image/maintenance, activity support and target hardening. Applying all of these strategies is key when trying to prevent crime in any neighborhood, crime-ridden or not.

Beyond CPTED, scholarly research has also found that modern capitalist cities have a vested interest in eliminating signs of homelessness, fearing that it might discourage investment from wealthier people. In England, much of their hostile architecture has been attributed to a desire by the government to fight an anti-social street scene, taking the form of begging and street drinking.

Behzad Ghaedi

Behzad Ghaedi (born 17 October 1956) is an Iranian boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Parviz Bahmani

Parviz Bahmani (born 5 May 1956) is an Iranian boxer. He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Arrow Films

Arrow Films is a British independent film distributor and restorer specialising in world cinema, arthouse, horror and classic films. As Arrow Video, it sells Ultra HD Blu-rays, Blu-rays and DVDs online; it also operates its own subscription video on-demand service, Arrow Player. Since 2017 Arrow have had a dedicated podcast hosted by film-makers Sam Ashurst and Dan Martin. Arrow Video is considered a boutique Blu-ray label.

Crossodactylus dantei

The Murici spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus dantei") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Murici, in Alagoas.

Crossodactylus caramaschii

Crossodactylus caramaschii is a frog. It lives in southeastern Brazil in São Paulo, Santa Catarina, and Paraná.

James Flower

James Flower or Jim Flower may refer to:

Richardson family murders

Three members of the Richardson family were murdered in Medicine Hat, Alberta in April 2006. The murders were committed by the family's 12-year-old daughter Jasmine and her 23-year-old boyfriend Jeremy Steinke.

List of football matches of the Austrian national football team by venue

This is a list of matches of the Austrian national football team on different venues.




Tadashi Nishimoto

Tadashi Nishimoto (1921 - 1997) was a Japanese cinematographer. He is known as Hong Kong cinematographer He Lanshan.

Dan Inosanto

Dan Inosanto (born July 24, 1936) is an American martial arts instructor. Inosanto is an authority on Jeet Kune Do, Filipino Martial Arts, and Pencak Silat.

Inosanto is credited for training martial arts to a number of Hollywood actors including Bruce Lee (as "student" and "teacher"), Chuck Norris and others. He is known for his work in various Hong Kong martial arts films such as "Bruce Lee's" "The Game of Death" (1972) as ""3rd Floor Guardian of the Tiger Hall"" and "Robert Clouse's" "Game of Death" (1978) as ""Pasqual"".

Hwang In-shik

Hwang In-shik (born September 13, 1940) is a Korean actor and hapkido teacher. He is known for his work in various Hong Kong martial arts films such as Bruce Lee's "Way of the Dragon" and "The Game of Death", Jackie Chan's "The Young Master" and Angela Mao's "Hapkido". He was awarded a 10th degree black belt, the highest rank possible in the art, by the World Hapkido Association.



Bailey Junior Kurariki

Bailey Junior Kurakiki (born May 15, 1989) is the youngest convicted killer in New Zealand history, being 12 years old at the time of his conviction.

On September 12, 2001, Kurakiki and other seven of his friends killed a pizza delivery man named Michael Choy. He was convicted of manslaughter.

Ji Han-jae

Ji Han-jae (; Chi Hon-tsoi) is a South Korean hapkido instructor known as the founder of Sin Moo Hapkido. He appeared in the 1972 film "The Game of Death" starring Bruce Lee.

Lanao del Sur

Lanao del Sur is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (BARMM). The capital is the city of Marawi.

James Tien

James Tien (born 28 May 1942) is a Hong Kong retired actor. He appeared in almost 70 films, primarily in Hong Kong action cinema, including roles in the films of martial arts stars including Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung. He often played villains or supporting roles. He retired from the Hong Kong film industry in 1996.

Marawi

Marawi is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Lanao del Sur. According to the 2020 census, 207,010 people lived there.

Marawi is on the northern shore of Lake Lanao.

Chieh Yuan

Chieh Yuan (15 March 1945 – 16 November 1977) was an actor and martial artist. He was an actor for Shaw Brothers and in 1972, he was cast in Bruce Lee's "The Game of Death". Chieh died in 1977 from cerebral edema, the same cause to Bruce Lee's death, and at age 32, the same age at which Bruce Lee had died.

Tawi-Tawi

Tawi-Tawi is an island province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (BARMM). The capital is Bongao.

Bongao

Bongao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Tawi-Tawi. According to the 2020 census, 116,118 people lived there.

Cleveland Browns Stadium

Cleveland Browns Stadium is an American football stadium located in Cleveland, Ohio that serves as the home for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). 

They first started to build the stadium on May 15, 1997. The Browns first started playing in the stadium on September 12, 1999. In their first game, they were defeated by the Pittsburgh Steelers 43–0.

The stadium at first didn't have a sponsor and was named Cleveland Browns Stadium after the team. The stadium would keep this name until 2013. On January 14, 2013, sponsorship naming rights were sold to FirstEnergy Corporation and the stadium was renamed FirstEnergy Stadium. The name of the stadium lasted until April 13, 2023 when both the Browns and the stadium decided to mutually terminate the naming rights deal. The termination came after First energy's involvement in the Ohio nuclear bribery scandal and a resolution being passed by Cleveland City Council that would try and force the naming rights to be given up by FirstEnergy. After the name was taken away, the stadium decided to return to its old name and become Cleveland Browns Stadium again.

There is a section in the eastern section of seating called The Dawg Pound. It is a successor to the former Dawg Pound that was in the old Cleveland Stadium. The stadium also has the nickname "Factory of Sadness" which was coined by Mike Polk.

Iba, Zambales

Iba is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zambales. According to the 2020 census, 55,581 people lived there.

Balanga, Bataan

Balanga is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Bataan. According to the 2020 census, 104,173 people lived there.

Concord Records

Concord Records is a well-known jazz music record label established in 1995 in Los Angeles, California by Carl Jefferson, who also started the Concord Jazz Festival. The label releases a large number of live recordings from festivals and other venues.

Concord includes a family of specialty labels, including Concord Picante for Latin jazz and Concord Concerto for classical music. Artists who have recorded for Concord include (extremely partial list):

FedExField

FedExField is an American football stadium located in Landover, Maryland that serves as the home for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). 

They first started to build the stadium on March 13, 1996. The then-Washington Redskins first started playing in the stadium on September 14, 1997. In their first game, they defeated the Arizona Cardinals 19–13 in overtime.

The stadium at first didn't have a sponsor and was named Jack Kent Cooke Stadium after Jack Kent Cooke, the team's owner who had recently died before the stadium opened. The stadium would keep this name until 1999. On November 21, 1999, sponsorship naming rights were sold to FedEx in a $205 million, 27-year agreement and the stadium was renamed FedExField. On July 2, 2020, FedEx sent a letter to team owner Dan Snyder and the Redskins. In the letter, they demanded that the team change its name from the offensive Redskins name or they would be pulling their sponsorship of the team and from the stadium after the 2020 NFL season. The team would drop the Redskins name on July 13, 2020.

The stadium has recieved a large amount of criticism. The expensive price of concessions and the neglected conditions of the stadium are common complaints. In a 2020 USA Today poll of best stadiums in the NFL, FedExField was ranked in last place. After a game between the Washington Football Team and Philadelphia Eagles, fans fell over a barrier that collapsed while trying to greet Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts. Fans that were there said that only Hurts asked if they were okay and that the stadium staff didn't care, telling them to ”get the fuck off the field”. Jalen Hurts would write a open letter to the team and the NFL, asking that something be done to protect the safety of fans and players and to stop an event like that happening again in the future.

1996 Frontier Middle School shooting

The Frontier Middle School shooting was a school shooting that occurred on February 2, 1996, at Frontier Middle School in Moses Lake, Washington, United States.

The shooting was perpetrated by 14-year-old student Barry Loukaitis.

Enrique García (Argentine footballer)

Enrique García (20 November 1912 – 23 August 1969) was an Argentine footballer. García is regarded as one of Racing's greatest idols, even though he has won two titles at the club. He is even considered one of the greatest left wingers in Argentine football. He joined the Avellaneda team in 1936, for about 39,1 pesos, after emerging at Rosario Central. At Racing, he would play until 1944, scoring 78 times in 233 matches. His skill would inspire several nicknames: "Left-Handed Poet", "The Magician", "The Unstoppable", "Sarmiento of Football", but he was better known as El Chueco - "The Crooked", due to the way he walked and "El Poeta de la Zurda" ("the poet of the left leg", due to his skills for football). Due to his extraordinary dribbling ability, García became an idol of Racing Club, being acclaimed even by his rivals. He also had a successful run on the Argentina national team, winning the Copa América on two occasions in 1937 and 1941 and became runner-up in 1942. Out of García's 78 goals scored in his career, only two were scored with his right leg.

Born in Santa Fe, García started playing football for the local club Las Rosas. At the same time, he was an altar boy in the local church, and the local priest expected García to become a priest. In 1929 he joined Brown Santa Fe, from where he was sold to Gimnasia y Esgrima Santa Fe in 1931, although he would have preferred to be with Unión Santa Fe.

In 1933, García became a player of the club Rosario Central, where, according to his contemporaries, he co-created the best provincial attack in the world: Cegnotti-Gómez-Guzmán-Porto-García. In 1936, he moved to the Racing Club de Avellaneda for a record fee of 38,931 pesos. In 1937, he won his first Argentine championship title with Racing. In addition, in 1941 he won the Argentine championship for the second time.

García played 35 times for Argentina between 1935 (when he was playing for Rosario Central) and 1943, scoring 9 goals. He was part of the Copa América winning squads of 1937 (where he was one of the keyplayers of the team due to his goals and assistances) and 1941, he also played in the 1942 edition of the tournament. Unfortunately the peak of his career coincided with World War II denying him the chance to play in a FIFA World Cup. 

When his professional career ended, García worked at his own sweet shop until 1960, when he returned to football as talent scout and trainer of the youth divisions at Racing Club. "We do not whish to form players from a day to another so footballers can't escape from the human law of evolution", said García by then.

During his last years, García was in a situation of poverty and used to go from bar to bar, saying to customers "I am Enrique García, the best left winger of all times, would you invite me to have a coffee?"

García died on August 23, 1969. He was only 56 years old.



Andrés Anchondo

José Andrés Anchondo García (born 10 November 1962) is a Mexican archer. Anchondo competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Rafel Aveleyra

Rafel Aveleyra (born 29 July 1932) is a Mexican archer. Aveleyra competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Area code 626

Area code 626 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan. It is for most of the San Gabriel Valley in the U.S state of California. The numbering plan area also covers nearby areas in the northeastern part of Los Angeles County, California. This includes Arcadia, Monrovia, El Monte, most of Pasadena and West Covina. The numbering plan area was split from that of area code 818 on June 14, 1997.

Area codes 909 and 840

Area codes 909 and 840 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan. They work for the far-eastern part of Los Angeles County and southwestern San Bernardino County in the U.S. state of California. Area code 909 was created on November 14, 1992 in an area code split of 714. 840 was added to the numbering plan area to form an overlay complex effective February 23, 2021.

Corrado Gini

Corrado Gini was an Italian statistician, demographer, and sociologist. He developed the Gini coefficient, which is a measure of income inequality in societies. He was born on May 24, 1884 in Motta di Livenza, Veneto, Italy and died on March 13, 1965 in Rome, Italy. He lived to be 80 years old.

Seven Deadly Enemies of Man

Seven Deadly Enemies of Man, also known as the Seven Deadly Sins, are fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. They are seven powerful demons that represent the seven deadly sins of Judeo-Christian religions, and enemies of the superhero Captain Marvel (a.k.a. Shazam). Each of these demons represents a different sin, and is named accordingly: Lust, Sloth, Pride, Wrath, Gluttony, Greed, and Envy. They were adapted by C. C. Beck and Bill Parker, first appearing in "Whiz Comics" #2 (1940).

The Sons of Trigon also represent the seven sins. They were created by Judd Winick and Julian Lopez, first appearing in "Titans" (Volume 2) #3 (2008).

The demons can take control of people's bodies and force them to follow their base desires. The Sins were captured by the wizard Shazam many years ago and encased in seven mocking stone statues which were placed in the Rock of Eternity. Currently the Enemies remain imprisoned, but they escaped on at least one occasion the destruction of the Rock of Eternity at the hands of the Spectre; however, Captain Marvel managed to trap them once again. The demons have escaped their prisons several times to cause havoc, usually freed by another villain. King Kull released them, planning to make Sin bombs and destroy the world along with turning Billy Batson to stone, but he is defeated and the Sins again imprisoned.

The Seven Deadly Sins identify themselves by their traditional theological versions (Pride, Envy, Greed, Wrath, Sloth, Gluttony, and Lust). When the Spectre destroyed the Rock of Eternity and killed Shazam, the Sins were released. When the Rock was rebuilt, the Sins were again captured, although they try and torment Marvel as he can hear their thoughts, and they are implied to have caused trouble at a full moon. It is claimed that Pride is the rudest and dangerous.


The characters made their live-action cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" (2019).


Local Agency Formation Commission

Local Agency Formation Commissions or LAFCOs are regional service planning agencies of the State of California. 

Fawcett City

Fawcett City is a fictional city located in the American Midwest and the home of the Marvel Family. It appears in publications by Fawcett Comics.













Paycor Stadium

Paycor Stadium is an American football stadium located in Cincinnati, Ohio that serves as the home for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). 

They first started to build the stadium on April 25, 1998. The Bengals first started playing in the stadium on August 19, 2000. In their first game, they defeated the Chicago Bears 24–20 in a preseason game.

The stadium at first didn't have a sponsor and was named Paul Brown Stadium after Paul Brown, the team's founder. The stadium would keep this name until 2021. On August 9, 2022, sponsorship naming rights were sold to Paycor and the stadium was renamed Paycor Stadium.

Bengals fans refer to the stadium as "The Jungle" and the Guns N' Roses song "Welcome to the Jungle" is played as an anthem for the team at games.

Acton, California

Acton is a census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California, near the Antelope Valley.

Vincent, California

Vincent is a census-designated place (CDP) in the central San Gabriel Valley, in Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Twentynine Palms, California

Twentynine Palms is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Fawcett Comics

Fawcett Comics, or Fawcett Publications, was a Golden Age publisher best known for creating Captain Marvel.

Tehachapi Mountains

The Tehachapi Mountains (/təˈhætʃəpi/; Kawaiisu: Tihachipia, meaning "hard climb") are a mountain range in the Transverse Ranges system of California in the Western United States.

Sierra Pelona Mountains

The Sierra Pelona, also known as the Sierra Pelona Ridge or the Sierra Pelona Mountains, is a mountain ridge in the Transverse Ranges in Southern California. It is in northwest Los Angeles County.

Whiz Comics

Whiz Comics was an anthology comic book series produced by Fawcett Publications from February of 1940 until June of 1953. Curiously, the premiere issue of the series did not seem to exist, and the title began publication with the spotlight feature Captain Marvel beginning with issue #2, however an ashcan version of the #1 issue, titled "Flash Comics" has been located. In 1973, DC Comics revived the character of Captain Marvel and his supporting cast, transplanting them to an alternate reality known as Earth-S.

King Kull (DC Comics)

King Kull is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. He is a prehistoric enemy of Captain Marvel and member of the Monster Society of Evil. He was the ruler and the last of the Beast-Men that once ruled the Earth until Cro-Magnon man rebelled, causing him to go into suspended animation. He has enormous strength and durability and a brilliant mind, along with bizarre technology.

"King Kull" was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first appearing in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #125 (1951).

Empower Field at Mile High

Empower Field at Mile High is an American football stadium located in Denver, Colorado that serves as the home for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). The Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer (MLS) also played in the stadium from 2002 until moving to a new stadium in 2006. The stadium hosted the 2008 Democratic National Convention where Barack Obama would accept the Democratic presidential nomination.

They first started to build the stadium on August 17, 1999. The Broncos first started playing in the stadium on August 11, 2001. In their first game, they defeated the Dallas Cowboys 20–6 in a preseason game.

When it was opened, the stadium was named Invesco Field at Mile High after sponsor Invesco from 2001 until 2011. The naming rights were then bought by Sports Authority and the stadium was renamed Sports Authority Field at Mile High from 2011 until 2018. From 2018-19, the stadium would just be called Broncos Stadium at Mile High with no sponsor. On September 4, 2019, Empower bought the naming rights for 21 years and the stadium was renamed Empower Stadium at Mile High. The stadium is 1 mile (5,280 feet (1,610 m)) above sea level which is why the stadium is nicknamed "Mile High".

Oggar

Oggar, the "World's Mightiest Immortal" is a fictional character from the publisher Fawcett Comics, whose publication rights were acquired by DC Comics in the 1970s. Oggar was a villain of Captain Marvel chronology in Pre-Crisis; he did no Post-Crisis appearances. He first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 61 (May 1946, Fawcett Comics). His first appearance in DC Comics was in World's Finest Comics # 264 (August 1980). He has been a member of the supervillain team, the Monster Society of Evil.

He was a major recurring enemy of the Marvels in the DC Comics stories published before the continuity-resetting Crisis on Infinite Earths miniseries in 1985.

Bill Parker (comics)

William Lee Parker (September 11, 1911 – January 31, 1963) was an American comic book writer and editor. He is best known for creating the Fawcett Comics character, Captain Marvel, in 1939, along with artist C. C. Beck.

Uncle Marvel

Uncle Marvel (Dudley H. Dudley) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books formerly published by Fawcett Comics and today by DC Comics, who appears in stories about the Marvel Family team of superheroes.

He is the good-natured father figure to Billy Batson and uncle to his sister, Mary. Much of his backstory, profession and role vary on the reality, though he often serves as a caretaker or friend of sort. "Dudley" was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first appearing in "Wow Comics" #18. (1943)

All-Star Squadron

The All-Star Squadron is a fictional superhero team from DC Comics. It was a team of superheroes protecting the home front of America during World War II. Though originally formed out of the Justice Society of America, many other costumed heroes joined as well, making practically every American "mystery man" that was active during the war a member. Like all super-powered heroes, they were barred from direct participation in the war, by a magical barrier created by the sorcerous efforts of Adolf Hitler and the Dragon King, using the Spear of Destiny and the Holy Grail. The team had overlapping memberships with the Justice Society, the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Young All-Stars, and the Young Allies.

The "All-Star Squadron" was created by Roy Thomas, Rich Buckler and Jerry Ordway, first appearing in a back-up story in "Justice League of America" #193 (1981).

Anniversary (1936 movie)

Anniversary (Hungarian: Évforduló) is a 1936 Hungarian comedy movie directed by Béla Gaál and starring Antal Páger, Imre Ráday, Gábor Rajnay, Marcsa Simon, Sándor Pethes, Imre Toronyi, Gusztáv Vándory and Júlia Komár.

Israeli Americans

Israeli Americans are American of Israeli ancestry. The Israeli consulate in New York has estimated that 180,000 to 200,000 Israelis live in the United States.

Christianity in the United States

According to Pew Research Center, 64% of Americans are Christian.

Ferdinand IV of Castile

Ferdinand IV (; 16 June 1285 – 7 September 1312) nicknamed the Summoned () or the Warrior () was the King of Castile and León from 1295 until his death in 1312. At the age of 10, Ferdinand succeeded his father, King Sancho IV in 1295 with Ferdinand's mother, Queen María de Molina, serving as his regent until Ferdinand's 17th birthday on 16 June 1302 where he was crowned and where he also married Constance of Portugal. 

Like his predecessors, Ferdinand was active in the Reconquista and was considered a great, brave and also a strong king as well. Although he failed to conquer Algeciras in 1309, he captured the city of Gibraltar that same year, and in early 1312, the city of Alcaudete was also conquered by Ferdinand and his troops. Also just like his predecessors, Castile was thriving during Ferdinand's reign as well. 

Ferdinand died in Jaén after suffering from Tuberculosis on 7 September 1312 at the age of 27, and he was buried in the Royal Collegiate Church of Saint Hippolytus and was succeeded by his one-year old son, Alfonso XI.

Lieutenant Marvels

The Lieutenant Marvels are fictional characters from publications by Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. They first appeared in "Whiz Comics" #21 in 1941. They were three young men from Earth-S, all of whom shared the name Billy Batson.

By shouting "Shazam!", the Four Billy Batsons are transformed into the Lieutenant Marvels. In this form, they each have the powers of Captain Marvel: the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the stamina of Atlas, the power of Zeus, the courage of Achilles, and the speed of Mercury. Since they have to share the power, they are each only one-third as powerful as Captain Marvel.

Captain Nazi

Captain Nazi is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. He is an evil counterpart to Captain Marvel, a super-villain with incredible strength and powers fueled by Nazi idealism. During World War II, he was developed by Adolf Hitler and the Axis Powers as part of a super-soldier experiment. He has been a member of the Fourth Reich, the Monster Society of Evil and the Secret Society of Super-Villains.

Captain Nazi was created by William Woolfolk and Mac Raboy, first appearing in Master Comics #21 (1941).

Spy Smasher

Spy Smasher is the name of two fictional characters appearing in comics published by Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. The first is a superhero that was formerly owned and published by Fawcett Comics. The second is a female anti-terrorism government agent and enemy of the Birds of Prey.

Nobody (Sylvia song)

"Nobody" is a 1982 song by country singer Sylvia and is the second single from her second studio album "Just Sylvia". It went to number 15 in the United States, number 2 in New Zealand, number 41 in Australia and number 5 in Canada and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1983.

Josh Inglis

Joshua Patrick Inglis (born 4 March 1995) is an Australian professional cricketer who plays as a wicket-keeper and right-handed batsman.
Inglis was born in Leeds, England. His family settled in Australia when he was 14 years old.
He played his first international match against Sri Lanka on 11 February 2022. He was named in 2021 T20 World Cup. He was also selected for the 2023 Cricket World Cup as Alex Carey was dropped after the first match.

Rajan Sawhney

Rajan Sawhney (born May 2, 1971) is a Canadian politician from the United Conservative Party in Alberta. She was elected in the 2019 Alberta general election to represent the electoral district of Calgary-North East in the 30th Alberta Legislature.

Rajan Sawhney has received the following awards.

Most Promising Newcomer Award- 2019: MLA Rookie of the Year

Best Alberta Cabinet Minister-2022

Harshita Gaur

Harshita Shekhar Gaur (born 12 October 1992) is an Indian actress known for her work on the youth-based show "Sadda Haq", in which she played the lead role of Sanyukta Agarwal and Dimpy Pandit in the 2018 web series "Mirzapur".

Gaganjeet Bhullar

Gaganjeet Singh Bhullar (born 27 April 1988) is an Indian professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour. He was awarded Arjuna Award in 2013.


Naman Ahuja

Naman P. Ahuja (born 1974) is an art historian and curator based in New Delhi. He is Professor of Indian Art and Architecture at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi where his research and graduate teaching focus on Indian iconography and sculpture, temple architecture and Sultanate-period painting. 

Naumburg, Hesse

Naumburg is a town in Kassel in Hesse, Germany. It is 25 km southwest of Kassel.


Rotenburg an der Fulda

Rotenburg an der Fulda (officially "Rotenburg a.d. Fulda") is a town in Hersfeld-Rotenburg in Hesse, Germany. It is on the river Fulda.

Haina (Kloster)

Haina (Kloster) is a municipality in Waldeck-Frankenberg in Hesse, Germany.

Korbach

Korbach is a town in Hesse, Germany. It is the capital of Waldeck-Frankenberg.

Waldeck, Hesse

Waldeck is a town in Waldeck-Frankenberg in Hesse, Germany.

Gersfeld

Gersfeld is a town in Fulda in Hesse, Germany.

Camiguin

Camiguin is an island province in the Philippines located in the Bohol Sea, about off the northern coast of Mindanao. It is in the Northern Mindanao region.

Camiguin is the second-smallest province in the country in both population and land area after Batanes. The provincial capital is Mambajao, which is also the province's largest municipality in both area and population.

The province is known for its sweet lanzones.

Tubod, Lanao del Norte

Tubod is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Lanao del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 60,182 people lived there.

Jordan, Guimaras

Jordan is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Guimaras. According to the 2020 census, 39,566 people lived there which makes it the third largest settlement in the province by population.

Buenavista, Guimaras

Buenavista is a municipality and the largest settlement in the province of Guimaras, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 52,899 people lived there. It is at the northern point of Guimaras Island.

Buenavista is the oldest municipality in Guimaras. It was founded in 1775.

List of Everything's Rosie episodes

Everything's Rosie aired 104 episodes, 4 seasons and 1 special episode. Each season aired 26 episodes.

Violet Carson

Violet Carson OBE (1 September 1898 – 26 December 1983) was an actress from Manchester. She was on radio, stage and television, and was a singer and pianist. She had a long and celebrated career as an actress and performer during the early days of BBC Radio. For the last twenty years of her life she was the matronly Christian widow, town gossip and elderly battle-axe Ena Sharples in the ITV television soap opera "Coronation Street". She was one of the original characters from the start in 1960. She almost always wore a hairnet. 

In 1962, she was named ITV Personality of the Year. She was awarded an OBE in 1965 by Harold Wilson. He was accused of having debased and cheapened the honours system. 

Dipolog

Dipolog is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zamboanga del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 138,141 people lived there.

Zamboanga del Norte

Zamboanga del Norte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Zamboanga Peninsula region. The capital is Dipolog.

Pagadian

Pagadian is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zamboanga del Sur. It is the regional center of Zamboanga Peninsula and the second-largest city in the region and in the province, after Zamboanga City. According to the 2020 census, 210,452 people lived there.

Zamboanga Sibugay

Zamboanga Sibugay is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Zamboanga Peninsula region. The capital is Ipil.

Ipil

Ipil is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zamboanga Sibugay. According to the 2020 census, 89,401 people lived there.

Ipil Airport is the only airport in Zamboanga Sibugay.

Prosperidad

Prosperidad is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Agusan del Sur. According to the 2020 census, 88,321 people lived there.

Blandy, Essonne

Blandy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boigneville

Boigneville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bois-Herpin

Bois-Herpin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-la-Rivière

Boissy-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-le-Cutté

Boissy-le-Cutté is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-le-Sec

Boissy-le-Sec is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-sous-Saint-Yon

Boissy-sous-Saint-Yon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bondoufle

Bondoufle is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boullay-les-Troux

Boullay-les-Troux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is 30 km southwest of Paris.

Honours system

Most countries have a system of honouring people. Most of them are based on the historical systems of nobility. In the past rulers would reward people by giving them land and titles. They could be punished by taking them away.

Honours are very commonly used in the military where people are often given medals to recognise bravery. Scouting has a complex system of honours.

Honours systems are generally heirarchical. Some honors are more important than others.

Bouray-sur-Juine

Bouray-sur-Juine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boussy-Saint-Antoine

Boussy-Saint-Antoine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boutervilliers

Boutervilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boutigny-sur-Essonne

Boutigny-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bouville, Essonne

Bouville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Brétigny-sur-Orge

Brétigny-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Breuillet, Essonne

Breuillet is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Breux-Jouy

Breux-Jouy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Brières-les-Scellés

Brières-les-Scellés is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Briis-sous-Forges

Briis-sous-Forges is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Pseudophilautus zal

Pseudophilautus zal is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. 

The adult male frog was 24.2-25.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists do not know what color this frog was when it was alive. When it is in liquid that stops its body from rotting, this frog looks light brown with five white spots on its back and a yellow belly. 

This frog is extinct. All the frogs of this species are dead. Scientists believe this is because human beings changed the places where the frog needed to live. This frog's scientific name "zal" comes from a Polish word meaning "very big sadness." The scientists named it "zal" because they were sad that so many frogs and other animals in Sri Lanka had died.

Brouy

Brouy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bruyères-le-Châtel

Bruyères-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

WAGR T class (diesel)

The WAGR T class were a total of 5 (15) diesel-electric shunting locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1967 to 1994.

The T class were built by Tulloch Limited of Rhodes, Sydney, New South Wales from 1967 to 1970. They were used across the network shunting in various yards. Withdrawals began in late 1985, with all but being withdrawn by mid-1994. 1 T class is preserved along with 3 TA class, one of which remains in operational service. The TA class were a later version with larger engines.

Buno-Bonnevaux

Buno-Bonnevaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bures-sur-Yvette

Bures-sur-Yvette is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Cerny, Essonne

Cerny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chalo-Saint-Mars

Chalo-Saint-Mars is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chalou-Moulineux

Chalou-Moulineux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chamarande

Chamarande is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Champcueil

Champcueil is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

WAGR Ta class (diesel)

The WAGR Ta class were a total of 10 diesel-electric shunting locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1968/9 to 1994.

The Ta class were a more powerful version of the standard T class shunters, they were one of the last locomotives to be constructed by Tulloch Limited of Rhodes, Sydney, New South Wales. The last of the class was withdrawn in 1994, with the exception of No. 1807 which works for the State Energy Commission at Bunbury (as of 2010). 3 examples have been scrapped, with 6 scrapped.

Champlan

Champlan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Champmotteux

Champmotteux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chatignonville

Chatignonville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chauffour-lès-Étréchy

Chauffour-lès-Étréchy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Cheptainville

Cheptainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chevannes, Essonne

Chevannes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chilly-Mazarin

Chilly-Mazarin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Congerville-Thionville

Congerville-Thionville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mati, Davao Oriental

Mati is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao Oriental. According to the 2020 census, 147,547 people lived there.

Malita

Malita is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao Occidental. According to the 2020 census, 118,197 people lived there.

Kabugao

Kabugao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Apayao. According to the 2020 census, 16,215 people lived there.

Conner, Apayao

Conner is a municipality in the province of Apayao, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 27,552 people lived there.

Gjerstad

Gjerstad is a municipality in Agder county, Norway. In 2022, 2,427 people lived there.


Dolby

Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (often known simply as Dolby) is a company specializing in audio noise reduction, audio encoding/compression, spatial audio, and High-dynamic-range television imaging. Dolby licenses its technologies to consumer electronics manufacturers. 

It was founded by Ray Dolby (1933–2013) in London, England, in 1965. He moved the company headquarters to San Francisco in 1976. 

The first movie with Dolby sound was "A Clockwork Orange" in 1971.

Salko Hamzic

Salko Hamzic (born 17 September 2006) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper. He plays for Austrian 2nd league club FC Liefering.
Hamzić began his career at UFC Siezenheim. In December 2015 he moved to SV Austria Salzburg. In February 2019 he moved to FC Red Bull Salzburg's youth team. He then went through all age levels in the academy from the 2020/21 season.

In May 2023 the goalkeeper was in the squad of the second-class farm team FC Liefering for the first time. For the 2023/24 season he moved into the Liefering squad. He made his debut in the 2nd league on 15 September 2023 when he was in the starting line-up on matchday seven of that season against SV Stripfing.

Crossodactylus cyclospinus

Crossodactylus cyclospinus is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it in exactly two places, both on the Jequitinhonha River.

Levi Coffin

Levi Coffin (October 28, 1798 – September 16, 1877) was an American Quaker, Republican, abolitionist, farmer, businessman and humanitarian. He was very active in the Underground Railroad. The Underground Railroad was a network that helped slaves escape. As he was an active leader of that organization is Indiana and Ohio., some people called him "President of the Underground Railroad". They estimated that three thosand fugitive slaves passed through his care. The Coffin home in Fountain City, Wayne County, Indiana is a museum today. At times, it was called d the Underground Railroad's "Grand Central Station".
Coffin was born near what became Greensboro, North Carolina. Even when he was a child, Coffin came to see what slavery looked like, and he soon came to oppose it. His family emigrated to Indiana in 1826. Slaveholders were persecuting Quakers more and more. Because of their beliefs, Quakers did not own slaves. Instead, many helped slaves escape. 

In Indiana, Coffin settled near the National Road with other Quakers in Wayne County, Indiana, near the Ohio border. He farmed, and became a local merchant and business leader. Coffin grew wealthy from his various businesses assisting neighbors and travelers in the important transit corridor. Coffin became a major investor in and director of the local Richmond branch of the Second State Bank of Indiana in the 1830s. At that time, Richmond was the Wayne County seat. His financial position and standing in the community also helped supply food, clothing and transportation for Underground Railroad operations in the region.

His friends in the anti-slavery movement urged Coffin to move south. In 18476, he moved to the city of Cincinnati, which was an important port on the Ohio River. There he ran a warehouse, that sold only free-labour goods. Coffin abandoned the idea after a decade, because the business was not profitable. Despite this, he was able to help hundreds of slaves, between 1847 and 1857. He lodged them in his Ohio home, which was across the river from Kentucky, and not far from Virginia. Both Kentucky and Virginia were slave states, until slavery was abolished after the American Civil War. 

In the last years of his life, Coffin traveled around the Midwest, as well as overseas to France and Great Britain, where he helped form aid societies to provide food, clothing, funds and education to former slaves. Coffin retired from public life in the 1870s, and wrote an autobiography, "Reminiscences of Levi Coffin", published in 1876, a year before his death.

Consiglio di Rumo

Consiglio di Rumo was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 11 February 2011, the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona merged to form the new municipality of Gravedona ed Uniti.

Free-produce movement

The Free-produce movement was a movement that started as a non-violent way to oppose slavery. The abolitionist movement used it as a non-violent way for individuals, including the disenfranchised, to fight slavery.

In this context, "free" signifies "not enslaved" (i.e. "having the legal and political rights of a citizen"). It does not mean "without cost". Similarly, "produce" does not mean just fruits and vegetables, but a wide variety of products made by slaves, including clothing, dry goods, shoes, soaps, ice cream, and candy.

The free produce movement was not a success. Many abandoned it after a few years. Non-slave products were more expensive and sometimes hard to find. At times, it faced high tariffs blocking imports. In some cases the origin of the goods could not be determined. Sometimes the non-slave goods were of poorer quality; one storeowner "not infrequently received sugar 'with a very disagreeable taste and odor' and rice that was 'very poor, dark and dirty.'" Benefits to slaves or reduction in demand for slave-produced goods was very small. Many abolitionists ignored the issue altogether. Though William Lloyd Garrison, founder of the American Anti-Slavery Society, initially proclaimed at a convention in 1840 that his wool suit was made without slave labor, he later examined the results of the movement and criticized it as impossible to enforce, ineffective, and a distraction from more important tasks. The national association disbanded in 1847, but Quakers in Philadelphia continued until 1856.

Gravedona

Gravedona was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 11 February 2011, the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona merged to form the new municipality of Gravedona ed Uniti.

Germasino

Germasino was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 11 February 2011, the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona merged to form the new municipality of Gravedona ed Uniti.

Gravedona ed Uniti

Gravedona ed Uniti is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. It was created on 11 February 2011 from the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona.

Muhammad Tawhidi

Muhammad Tawhidi, known online as the Imam of Peace is a Shiite Imam and Influencer. He was born in Qom, Iran in between the time period of 1982-1983. As of January 2022, Tawhidi has served as the Vice President for the Global Imams Council in Najaf, Iraq.

His views on Islam are that Islam needs to be reformed to survive. He believes that terrorism are forbidden in the Quran, and made a speech denouncing the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria along with it's affilates such as Boko Haram.

Carate Urio

Carate Urio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Ronago

Ronago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Gera Lario

Gera Lario is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Mariveles

Mariveles is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 149,879 people lived there.

Gratis versus libre

In English, the word "free" has two meanings, which are very different from each other:
Richard Stallman summarised the difference in a slogan: "Think free as in free speech, not free beer."

Oroquieta

Oroquieta is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Misamis Occidental. According to the 2020 census, 72,301 people lived there.

Castrovirreyna Province

The Castrovirreyna Province is one of seven provinces in the Huancavelica Region of Peru. The capital of this province is the city of Castrovirreyna.

The Chunta mountain range traverses the province. Some of the highest peaks of the province are listed below:


The province is divided into thirteen districts, which are:


Indigenous citizens of Quechua descent live in this place. Spanish is the language which the majority of the population (77.20%) learnt to speak in childhood. 22.30% of the residents started speaking using the Quechua language (2007 Peru Census).

Corbreuse

Corbreuse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Coudray-Montceaux

Le Coudray-Montceaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Courances

Courances is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Zeekr

ZEEKR () is an electric vehicle company.
Zeekr was founded in March 2021 as a premium electric mobility brand for battery-powered vehicles by the Geely Group to compete against Nio and Tesla, among others. Its first model, the Zeekr 001 was officially launched in April 2021. The Zeekr models are to be based on the SEA platform presented in autumn 2020.
In December 2021, Geely announced that Zeekr would be collaborating with Waymo to develop and provide all-electric, autonomous ride-hailing vehicle for the Waymo One autonomous mobility service in the United States. The vehicle integrated with Waymo's technology was unveiled in Los Angeles in November 2022.

In January 2022, a cooperation between Zeekr and Mobileye was announced to expand their strategic technology partnership with a goal to deliver the world's first consumer autonomous vehicles with L4 capabilities by 2024

In August 2022, Zeekr announced their cooperation with CATL, making them the first brand to use CATL's Qilin long range batteries for global mass production. The Zeekr 001 will be the first model to use the new batteries enabling them to have a pure electric range exceeding 1000 km.

Zeekr raised $500 million in its first external fundraising from five investors including Intel Capital, CATL, Bilibili in August 2021. On February 13, 2023, Zeekr is valued at $13 billion after it raised $750 million from five investors.

The name of the brand is made up of Generation Z and the term geek.


M-Vision is built on SEA-M architecture to showcase the architecture's fundamental features such as expansive interior, open seat choice, and placement option, no B-pillar, and robust electrical/electronic (E/E) backbone supporting autonomous drive and connected devices.

M-Vision is a base model that can be developed for a range of future mobility products including robotaxis, multi-purpose vehicles, and logistics vehicles.


Courdimanche-sur-Essonne

Courdimanche-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Karachev

Karachev () is a town in Bryansk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 19,715 people lived there.

Haram

Haram (), is an Arabic word that literally means forbidden, it may be used to refer to sacred knowledge which is hidden from the people, or the word's more common use which is for a evil and sinful action that is forbidden to be done. In Islamic law, haram is used to refer to any action that is forbidden in the Quran and is one of the five Islamic commandments.

Gearóid Iarla

Gearóid Iarla (1335disappeared 1398), also known as Gerald FitzMaurice FitzGerald was the 3rd Earl of Desmond, lord of Munster, and a Norman-Gaelic poet. He disappeared in 1398, at the age of 62 or 63.
He was born in 1335, as the child (son) of Maurice FitzGerald, 1st Earl of Desmond. When he grew up, he became the 3rd Earl of Desmond, lord of Munster, and a Norman-Gaelic poet. He disappeared in 1398, at the age of 62 or 63.
Old Occitan

Old Occitan is a Old Romance language which is an early form of the Occitan language.

Sheynnis Palacios

Sheynnis Alondra Palacios Cornejo (born 30 May 2000) is a Nicaraguan model and beauty queen who won the title of Miss Universe 2023. She became the first Miss Universe winner from Nicaragua.

She was previously crowned Miss World Nicaragua 2020, Miss World 2021 Top 40 semifinalist and Miss Nicaragua 2023.

Palacios was born on 30 May 2000 in Managua. She graduated from the Central American University in Managua with a bachelor’s degree in mass communication.

Palacios began her beauty contest career as a teenager at the age of 16, when she won the title of Miss Teen Nicaragua 2016 and finished in the Top 10 at Miss Teen Universe 2017 in Managua.

On February 15, 2020, Palacios represented Managua at Miss World Nicaragua 2020 at the Holiday Inn and Convention Center in Managua, where she won the title and was succeeded by María Teresa Cortez.

As Miss World Nicaragua, Palacios represented Nicaragua at Miss World 2021, which was held in San Juan, Puerto Rico on 16 December 2021. Two days prior to the pageant's broadcast, several cases of COVID-19 began to be reported amongst contestants and staff, which led to the cancelation and postponement of the pageant's final show. The pageant was later rescheduled for 16 March 2022, with only the 40 selected semi-finalists being invited to return to compete; Palacios was ultimately selected as one of the 40, but did not advance further in the competition.

On August 5, 2023, Palacios joined at Miss Nicaragua 2023 and competed against 10 other finalists at Crowne Plaza Managua in Managua, where she won the title and was succeeded by Norma Huembes.

As Miss Nicaragua, Palacios represented Nicaragua at Miss Universe 2023 on November 18, 2023 and competed against 84 other candidates at the José Adolfo Pineda Arena in San Salvador, El Salvador. 

Palacios advanced to Top 5. During the first question and answer round, she was asked: "What qualities and values guide you as a leader and role model for others?"
The quality that has inspired me and has inspired millions of women and girls is humility and to be able to appreciate all of the little things, because that’s where the most valuable thing is: the essence of being human.
Palacios advanced to Top 3. In the final question and answer portion, the top three contestants were asked the same question: "If you could live one year in another woman's shoes, who would you choose and why?"
I will choose Mary Wollstonecraft because she opened the gap and they gave an opportunity to many women. What I would do — I would want that gap, that income gap, would open up so that women could work in any area that they chose to work in because there's no limitation for women. That was 1750. Now in 2023, we're making history.
At the end of the event, Palacios won the competition and was crowned by her predecessor, Miss Universe 2022 R'Bonney Gabriel of United States.

Star-Spangled Kid

The Star-Spangled Kid is the name of several superheroes in the DC Comics' main shared universe. Star-Spangled Kid and his sidekick Stripesy are a crime-fighting duo. The original was Sylvester Pemberton, a Golden Age vigilante who later began calling himself Skyman. His successor would be Courtney Whitmore, who went on to use the name Stargirl wielding her Cosmic Rod. Miss Martian would also briefly take the alias when she went undercover to infiltrate the Dark Side Club. The identity has been associated with the All-Star Squadron, Infinity, Inc., the Justice Society, the Seven Soldiers of Victory and Young Justice. "Star-Spangled Kid" was created by Jerry Siegel and Hal Sherman, first appearing in "Star-Spangled Comics" #1. (1941)

Mariana Avitia

Mariana Avitia Martínez (born September 18, 1993) is a Mexican archer. Avitia competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Ernesto Boardman

Ernesto Horacio Boardman López (born 23 February 1993) is a Mexican archer. Boardman competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Brock Purdy

Brock Purdy was born on December 27,1999. He grew up in Queen Creek, Arizona. He went to high school at Perry high school in Gilbert Arizona.

After he graduated, he went to Iowa State University in Ames Iowa. There, he played football and majored in communication studies and scored a 3.66 GPA. 

He first started in the NFL in 2022 playing for the San Francisco 49ers. Brock purdy is the quarterback for the 49ers. In the NFL he has thrown a total of 2,662 yards.

He has a fiancé named Jenna Brandt. He proposed to her on a dock in Florida. This was on a vacation

Blue Moon (1934 song)

"Blue Moon" is a 1934 song recorded by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart and has become a standard jazz ballad. It was hit single in 1935, 1949, Elvis Presley released his version of "Blue Moon" for his 1956 album "Elvis Presley". It became a huge hit for The Marcels in 1961 as an international number one hit single. It has been covered by numerous artists over the years.

Manly, New Zealand

Manly is a suburb of Auckland and is located in the Whangaparaoa Peninsula. It has a primary school, an established shopping center and residential areas of Big Manly Beach in the north and Little Manly Beach in the south. It was once a seaside holiday location until it became within commuting distance of Auckland City.

Johann Neumann

Johann Neumann was an Austrian footballer. He played for Wiener AC.
He played in eight matches for the Austria national football team from 1911 to 1923, scoring two goals. His first match was on 10 September 1911 in a 2-1 away win versus Germany. His last match was on 10 June 1923 in al away loss versus Sweden.

Heng Swee Keat

Heng Swee Keat (; born 15 April 1961) is a Singaporean politician, former police officer and former civil servant. 

He is serving as Deputy Prime Minister, Coordinating Minister for Economic Policies. Also, he is the Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Bedok part of the East Coast GRC.

Heng studied at Raffles Institution. He received a scholarship from the Singapore Police Force in 1980. That allowed him to study economics at Christ College, University of Cambridge in 1983. He also completed a Master's in Public Administration at John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University in 1993.

After Heng completed his economics studies, he worked in the Singapore Police Force. He left in 1997 as an Assistant Commissioner of Police.

After working in the police, he worked in the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Trade and Industry and the Monetary Authority of Singapore. He was also once the Principal Private Secretary to Lee Kuan Yew, the first Prime Minister of Singapore.

Heng joined politics in the 2011 general election as part of the People's Action Party (PAP) team contesting in Tampines GRC. PAP's team won with 57.22% of the vote against the National Solidarity Party. Heng became a Member of Parliament for the Tampines Central part of Tampines GRC.

On 18 May 2011, Heng was made part of the Cabinet as Minister for Education.

During the 2015 general election, Heng led the PAP team contesting in Tampines GRC and won 72.06% of the vote against the National Solidarity Party.

After the general election, on 1 October 2015, Heng stopped being Minister for Education and became Minister for Finance.

On 1 May 2019, Heng was made Deputy Prime Minister.

Before the 2020 general election, Heng announced that he would be contesting in East Coast GRC.

On 10 July 2020, the PAP team led by Heng contesting in East Coast GRC won 53.41% of the vote against the Workers' Party. Heng was made Member of Parliament for the Bedok part of East Coast GRC.

On 27 July 2020, Heng took up another Cabinet job as Coordinating Minister for Economic Policies.

After the 2020 general election, Heng was most likely the next prime minister. However, he decided not to become the next Prime Minister on 8 April 2021. He said it was because he was old and not that healthy anymore.

Following a Cabinet reshuffle on 15 May 2021, Heng stopped being Minister of Finance.

Heng was born in Singapore as a Chinese. He is of Teochew descent.

Heng is married to Chang Hwee Nee, the Chief Executive Officer of the National Heritage Board. They have two children.



Russell Mawhinney

Russell Eric Wilson Mawhinney was born 28 March, 1960 in Ranfurly. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played for Northern Districts, Griqualand West and Otago in first-class cricket. He is currently married to TVNZ presenter Matty McLean.

Jezkazgan

Jezkazgan or Zhezkazgan (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Ulytau Region. The city is located in the center of the country, 100 km southeast of the geographical center of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 89,079 people live in the city, and 92,907 people live in the urban area.

Previously, the city was part of the Karaganda Region, but since 2022 "Jezkazgan" is the capital of the Ulytau Region.

Sophia Umansky

Sophia Kylie Umansky (born January 18, 2000) is an American television personality. She is best known as the middle daughter of Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky, and for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since 2010.

Sophia Kylie Umansky was born in Los Angeles, California on January 18, 2000, as the second of three daughters to Kyle Richards, an actress, and Mauricio Umansky, a real estate broker. She has two sisters; Alexia Umansky and Portia Umansky, and an older maternal half-sister Farrah Brittany. She is Jewish.

Umansky graduated Kappa Kappa Gamma from the George Washington University in 2022, with her degree in Psychological and Brain Sciences.

Umansky's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting dircetor. Her paternal grandparents are Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manufacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist.

Umansky made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Umansky worked as an intern at The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California, which was co-founded by her father Mauricio Umansky, from May to September 2017.

Umansky resided in Washington, D.C. between 2018 and 2022. She currently resides in Encino, Los Angeles with her parents and sisters.

Portia Umansky

Portia Umansky (born March 1, 2008) is an American television personality and actress. She is best known as the youngest daughter of Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky, and for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since 2010.

Portia Umansky was born in Los Angeles, California on March 1, 2008, as the youngest of three daughters to Kyle Richards, an actress, and Mauricio Umansky, a real estate broker. She has two older sisters; Alexia Umansky and Sophia Umansky, and an older maternal half-sister Farrah Brittany; Farrah is also her godmother.

Umansky graduated from Wise School in 2020.

Umansky is Jewish. Her bat mitzvah ceremony was held in October 2021, at the age of 13.

Umansky's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were business consultant Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director. Her paternal grandparents are Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manafacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist.

Umansky made her television debut in October 2010, at the age of two, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". She first watched the show in 2021. Her favourite housewife is Dorit Kemsley.

Umansky made her acting debut with the cameo role of 'Girl Scout Catherine' in the 2021 Christmas film "The Housewives of the North Pole".

Umansky joined the social media platform Twitter in 2011, at the age of three. She amassed 5,000 followers her first week.

Umansky resides in Encino, Los Angeles with her parents and sister.

Claude Kahn

Claude Kahn (9 November 1935 – 17 November 2023) was a French classical pianist, internationally known for his interpretations of especially the music of Chopin, but also of French music (Debussy, Fauré, Ravel) as soloist or accompanied by great orchestras in the world. He founded and directed a piano competition in 1970, to become international as the Concours International de Piano Claude Kahn. He founded the conservatoire of Antibes in 1971 and directed it until 1991. He died in 17 November 2023, eight days after his 88th birthday.
Pseudophilautus hoipolloi

The anthropenic shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus hoipolloi") is a frog. It lives in southwestern Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 15 and 684 meters above sea level.

Aurora Bretón

Gonzala Aurora Bretón Gómez (10 January 1950 – 27 May 2014) was a Mexican archer. Bretón competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, 1984 Summer Olympics, 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Talkeetna, Alaska

Talkeetna (Dena'ina: "K'dalkitnu") is a census-designated place (CDP) in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska, United States. It began as a district headquarters of the Alaska Railroad in 1916.

Jim Starlin

James Starlin is an American comic book artist and writer who created Thanos, Drax the Destroyer, and Gamora. He also co-created Shang-Chi.

Out of the Silent Planet

Out of the Silent Planet is a book by C. S. Lewis. In it Dr. Elwin Ransom is kidnapped and brought to Mars by Professor Weston and Dr. Richard Devine. Dr. Ransom escapes and finds out that Mars is ruled by an alien space Angel called an Oyarsa who was sent there by Maleldil.

It was first published in 1938.

Perelandra

Perelandra is a book by C. S. Lewis. It is the sequel to Out of the Silent Planet. In it Dr. Elwin Ransom goes to Venus and has to stop Professor Weston from convincing its version of Eve to sin.

It was first published in 1943.

The Space Trilogy

The Space Trilogy is a series of books by C. S. Lewis. It includes Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra and That Hideous Strength.

Radiation protection

Radiation protection is the protection of people from the unhealthy side effects of radiation. Radiation effects can be inside or outside the body. 

Ionizing radiation is used frequently in medicine and industry, and can be very dangerous. There are two types of effects of ionizing radiation. At high level exposure, there are "tissue" effects. These effects cause clear, direct harm to the body, such as acute radiation syndrome. At low levels, the danger of someone getting cancer increases. There aren't clear signs of damage at low doses. One important part of radiation protection is to shorten time spent around radioactive material. There are things used to measure how much radiation someone gets, so they are exposed to as little as possible. These can measure exposure on both the inside and outside. In order to put a stop to unhealthy side effects, people will wear personal protective equipment. There are also things that can placed in order to keep track of radiation levels, so people are safe. Some of these are portable, so they can be taken place to place.

Danny Riesterer

Danny Riesterer (5 May 1939 – 22 July 2021) was a Belgian actor. 

He is known for his roles in "Recht op Recht", "Familie" and "16+" 

He was married to Stefaan Fernande. Riesterer died on 22 July 2021, aged 82.

Gray (unit)

The gray (symbol Gy) is the SI Unit used to show how much ionizing radiation someone has been exposed to. It measures how much energy has been deposited, or left behind, in someone. It is used frequently in medicine, such as in radiotherapy, and they are also used to diagnose people. Grays are important in figuring out if someone has acute radiation syndrome, for example. Grays are used frequently in radiation protection. They are an important unit in figuring out what health effects someone may have from exposure. Grays are used internationally in order to calculate how much radiation someone has in their body. They are used in many different fields and have many uses.

Dirk Bracke

Dirk Bracke (4 June 1953 – 15 June 2021) was a Belgian author of children's books. His work has been translated into Danish, German, Spanish and Polish. 

In 2010 Hans Herbots made "Het Engelenhuis" into the movie "Bo" and in 2015 Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah made of his book the film "Black".

The movie “2000,” was based on his novel “Straks doet het geen pijn meer.”

Bracke died on 15 June 2021, aged 68. His book, "Chicago" was published in 2023.

Frosta

Frosta can be




Ramesses III

Ramses III was the second Pharaoh of the 20th dynasty in Ancient Egypt. He has ruled from 26 March 1186 to 15 April 1155 BC and is considered to be the last great King of the New kingdom.

He later fought with the sea people and won against them in a battle known as Battle of the Delta which is considered one of his best achievements He was able to save Egypt from collapsing at the time when many other empires fell during the Late Bronze Age; however, the damage of the invasions took a role in Egypt.

Ramesses III was the son of Setnakhte and Tiy-Merenese. Tiy-merenese. He had a number of wives, including Isis, Titi and Tiy, as well as a number of sons including the next three rulers of Egypt, Ramesses IV ,Vand VI . We only know of one possible daughter named Titi. He was killed in the Harem conspiracy led by his wife Tiye and her eldest son Pentawere.

In the fifth year of his rule, some Libyan tribes came to the western part of the Nile River delta and said that the pharaoh was causing trouble for their leader. But really, the Libyans had been taking land that belonged to Egypt for a long time. The Egyptians defeated them in a battle in the western delta after two years of peace.

Later, a group of people from North and the Mediterranean islands known as Sea people attacked Egypt by land and sea. Ramses' soldiers stopped them in southern Palestine, and the ships got stuck in the waterways of the deltla, where Egyptians led by Ramses III won against them. Some of these people moved to the coast of Palestine between Gaza and Mount Carmel. This ended Egypt's control over Syria and Palestine.

Two more years passed, and another group of Libyan tribes came to the western delta. Ramses defeated them and captured their leader. After this, Ramses finished building a big temple, palace, and town in western Thebes. He also added to a big temple in Thebes and sent a ship to get things from a place called Punt. The Egyptians also mined copper in Sinai and possibly gold in Nubia, which is in the south.
At the end of Ramses' life, one of his wives who wasn't the main one wanted her son to become king. She planned to kill Ramses to make this happen. The sources we have say that the plan failed and the people who tried it were put on trial. We didn't know for sure if Ramses was hurt in the attack, because his mummy didn't have any obvious wounds. People talked about this for a long time. In 2012, researchers said that a CT scan showed a deep knife wound in Ramses' throat. This means that he was really killed by the people who tried to make his wife's son the king. Ramses died in Thebes in the 32nd year of his reign, and his son Ramses IV became the new king.

André Rigaud

Benoit Joseph André Rigaud (17 January 1761 – 18 September 1811) was the leading mulatto military leader during the Haitian Revolution.

Justice (disambiguation)

Justice is the morally fair treatment of people and things.

Justice can also mean:


Tiger Bay

Tiger bay is an area in Cardiff which was the port which helped Cardiff to develop. Now it is full of shops and home to the Senned.

Hamlet (lost play)

Hamlet is a 1589 play written by a unknown author. The play is unfortunately mostly lost today. The play was staged in The Theatre in Shoreditch, London, as recalled by English author Thomas Lodge. There are only two known characters in this play, which are Hamlet and a ghost. The play depicts Hamlet and a ghost who wants to get a revenge on Hamlet. The Shakespearean play Hamlet, which was performed in 1602, was based on this play.

(Only known characters in this play)
A ghost wants to get a revenge on Hamlet for rather unknown reasons, and in the play says and cries "Hamlet, revenge!", as recalled by a English author named Thomas Lodge. This is only what is known from the plot of this play.

Enterprise

Enterprise (or the archaic spelling Enterprize) may refer to:










Criticality accident

A criticality accident, or simply a criticality, is an accidental nuclear fission chain reaction that goes out of control. These accidents are sometimes called critical excursions, critical power excursions, or divergent chain reactions. These reactions are the result of accidents involving fissile material (material that can undergo nuclear fission), and they can have very harmful results on the environment, as they let off large amounts of radiation.
During normal conditions, a critical reaction (a reaction that can keep itself going) only happens in safely guarded location. During a criticality, these reactions happen outside of these environments, or in a way that isn't safe. Criticality can be reached by solid materials (for example, metallic uranium), liquid materials, or by powder slurries. 

There are two primary types of criticality accident: 

During a criticality, there are a handful of effects that have been commonly noticed. 
During criticality events, there is often a blue glow. This is because the molecules during the reaction are very energetic, and release this energy by glowing.
Some people say they have felt a 'heat wave' during a criticality accident. It is unknown if this is caused by their psychological reaction to the event, or if this is a physical result. It is frequently seen alongside the blue glow.

Picture (disambiguation)

A picture is an artifact that depicts or records visual perception.

Picture(s) may also refer to:

Crossodactylus timbuhy

Crossodactylus timbuhy is a frog. It lives in Espírito Santo, Brazil. People have seen it near Santa Teresa.

Homosexuality in Islam

In Islam, homosexuality is generally considered as forbidden by every major scholar in both the Shia and Sunni schools of Islam. The Quran mentions homosexual activity in Quran 7ː80, and the companions of the Prophet Muhammad agreed that homosexuality should of been punished by execution. The companions of Muhammad disagreed on how to execute homosexuals, but the punishments were burning, flogging, stoning, and one companion Ibn Abbas said that they should be pushed off of a tall building or cliff.

Macopa (Wax Apple)

Macopa, or makopa, is the local name in the Philippines for the sweet fruit cultivated from the tree . It is commonly referred to in English as wax apple, java apple, Semarang rose-apple, and wax jambu.

Marisol Bretón

Marisol Bretón López (born 13 January 1975) is a Mexican archer. Bretón competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Omar Bustani

Omar Bustani (born 19 June 1966) is a Mexican archer. Bustani competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Shazam (wizard)

Shazam (/ʃəˈzæm/) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by both Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. He is a powerful sorcerer and thunder deity whom is responsible for the creation of the Living Lightning. He is a member of the Quintessence and the Council of Immortals and has bestowed his power onto several champions, including Billy Batson (also known as Captain Marvel / Shazam).

The character was created by C. C. Beck and Bill Parker and first appeared in "Whiz Comics" #2 (February 1940).

Djimon Hounsou played the ancient wizard Shazam in the DC Extended Universe theatrical movies "Shazam!" (2019) and "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023).

Hydra (comics)

Hydra are major antagonists in the Marvel Comics universe. They are the main antagonists of the Captain America franchise and major antagonists in the Avengers franchise.

Hydra was established during World War II by the German Third Reich as a secretive organization to further the Reich's goals. Though the war ended in Germany's defeat, Hydra survived and expanded into a global criminal organization dedicated to undermining society and establishing a fascist one world order.

Hydra has appeared in various media adaptations, including movies, television series, and video games. It plays a major role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Jorge Pablo Chapoy

Jorge Pablo Chapoy Bosque (born 26 April 1973) is a Mexican archer. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Francisca de Gutierrez

Francisca de Gutierrez (born 5 May 1944) is a retired Mexican archer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Lemma Megersa

Lemma Megersa (Oromo: "Lammaa Magarsaa", Amharic: ለማ መገርሳ; born 26 July 1970) is an Ethiopian politician who served as the Minister of Defense 2019 to 2020. He was also the president of the Oromia Region and deputy chairman of the ruling party in the region, the Oromo Democratic Party. Since the formation of the Prosperity Party, Lemma has been independent.

Swift Crane

Swift Crane is a fixed-wing, vertical takeoff and landing Unmanned aerial vehicle developed by Swift Engineering. It has a large wing and four propellers.

Swift Engineering began designing and manufacturing their drones in 2014. They started with the "Swift020" drone model, primarily used for research and development purposes. Later, an upgraded version, the "Swift021", was introduced. The latest version, named Swift Crane, is the commercialized model.


Tony Thurmond

Tony Krajewski Thurmond (born August 21, 1968) is an American politician and educator. In 2018, he became the 28th California State Superintendent of Public Instruction. Thurmond narrowly beat his opponent, Marshall Tuck. The California Democratic Party and all five 2018 California Teachers of the Year endorsed him.

Balaam Barugahara

Dr. Balaam Barugahara Ateenyi commonly known as Balaam (born in July 28th, 1979) is a Ugandan business man, music and events promoter and Politician. He is the CEO of Balaam group of companies, a conglomerate operating in Uganda and South Sudan. His investments are mainly in the areas of entertainments, broadcasting, real estate, manufacturing, hotels, and resorts.

Balaam is the president of Ugandan entertainment promoters and the Vice Chairperson, Western Uganda, MK Movement.

Dr.Balaam Barugahara Ateenyi was born July, 28,1979 (44 yrs ago) to late Engineer David Balaam Byenkya Akiiki of Kijura, Masindi District and Gladesi Byenkya Abwooli of Kalisizo District in Central Buganda. His father Mr. Davidson Balaam Byenkya Akiiki passed away in 1991 when he was still a young boy.

He attended NAMASAGALI School, St. John Bosco Senior Secondary School & Original Progressive Senior Secondary School for A’level. He then enrolled at Makerere University for Bachelor of Commerce where he majored in Marketing, after, he did a Master of Business Administration (Marketing Option) at Cavendish University.

Balaam is the proprietor and owner of: Original Best Water company based in South Sudan, Radio One in South Sudan, the first privately owned media house he started in 2009. He is also the proprietor and Managing Director of Radio4 (Uganda), Radio 7 (Masindi), Radio8 (Masaka) and Radio8 (Elgon region) and the MTN Uganda distributor for Kigezi sub region.

Balaam is a Real Estate Developer with hotels in Kampala and South Sudan, including a 5 start Hotel in Masindi, which was commissioned by President Museveni in September 2022.

He has 13 siblings and he is the fifth child. His late father had 14 children. Balaam is father to Benta Karuhanga Abwooli, Biden Kamusiime Amooti, Brennan Kamukama Akiiki and Bennette Tumusiime Amooti. He lost his first son to cancer in 2013.



Balaam to Museveni: Rule, in case you get tired, Muhoozi is on standby to succeed you

MK Movement Leaders Launch Diaspora Chapter in London

Balaam Barugahara plans to marry four women to “balance Uganda”

Balaam blasts 'clueless' Jenkins, confesses 'greedy' Abitex called him over Alien

The Lost Tape

The Lost Tape is a compilation album of all songs by Bad Bunny from 2013-2017. It features guest appearances by “Mat Lanez”, “Robby”, “Angel Wavy”, “Brray”, “Joyce Santana”, “Álvaro Diaz”, “Sousa”, “Myke Towers”. One songs are “Get”, “Tentación”, “Solo Avísame”, and “Diles”. On October 23rd 2017 the album was finally released with the new songs “Dime Si Vas A Volver”, “Es Tiempo”, and “Contigo”. In 2016 the streams are “Me Importa Un Carajo”, “La T Shirt De Biggie”, “ Pa Que Le De”, “Pa Que Le De RMX”, “La Vida”, and “CYNH2”. The album was removed on January 17th 2018 to release a new track named “Polaroid RMX”. The album re-released on June 12th 2018

Tracklisting


Vox Day

Theodore Robert Beale (born August 21, 1968), commonly known as Vox Day, is an American activist and writer. He is a far-right white supremacist and part of the alt-right. "The Wall Street Journal" called him, "the most despised man in science fiction".


Rehan Butt

Rehan Butt (Punjabi: ریحان بٹ) is a former Pakistani professional field hockey player who played as a forward for the Pakistan national field hockey team. A world renowned player known for his play-making skills and shooting in-front of the goal Rehan was named in the FIH All Stars Team in 2008 and 2010.


Microsoft Copilot

Microsoft Copilot is a chatbot made by Microsoft. It was introduced as Bing Chat on February 7, 2023. Microsoft Copilot is a replacement of the Cortana virtual assistant. Microsoft used to sometimes call its chatbots Bing Chat, and sometimes call them Microsoft Copilot, but all of the chatbots were renamed to Microsoft Copilot in November 2023.

The user interface of Microsoft Copilot looks like the user interface of ChatGPT, and both of them use the GPT-4 artificial intelligence model. It can cite its sources, create poems, and make songs. It can also use its Image Creator to generate images based on text prompts. Microsoft Copilot can understand many different languages.

On February 7, 2023, Microsoft released a new Bing version. This version included a new chatbot feature called Bing Chat. Bing Chat was also added to Microsoft Edge. Microsoft created a similar chatbot for Microsoft 365 called Microsoft 365 Copilot. Microsoft created another chatbot called Windows Copilot. Between September 2023 and October 2023, Microsoft 365 Copilot and Windows Copilot were renamed to Microsoft Copilot. On November 15, 2023, Bing Chat was renamed to Microsoft Copilot.

In December 2023, Copilot was added to many copies of Windows 11 for free, with more copies, and limited support for Windows 10, to be added later. Later that month, a Microsoft Copilot app was released for Android.

In Microsoft Edge, Copilot can give information on the website currently being browsed by a user. Microsoft Copilot in Windows can be accessed with the taskbar, and it supports the use of voice commands. In Microsoft 365, Microsoft Copilot can help by generating and editing parts of documents. This has reminded some people of the Office Assistant, or Clippy, which was an old feature which also tried to help with documents in Microsoft Office (the old name for Microsoft 365).


Ramanathan Krishnan (athlete)

Ramanathan Krishnan (born 11 April 1937) is a retired tennis player from India who was among the world's leading players in the 1950s and 1960s. He was twice a semifinalist at Wimbledon in 1960 and 1961, reaching as high as World No. 3 in Potter's amateur rankings.



Vivek Chibber

Vivek Aslam Chibber (born 1965) is an American academic, social theorist, editor, and professor of sociology at New York University, who has published widely on development, social theory, and politics. Chibber is the author of three books, "The Class Matrix: Social Theory after the Cultural Turn" (Harvard, 2022), "Postcolonial Theory and the Specter of Capital" (Verso, 2013) and "Locked in Place: State-Building and Late Industrialization in India" (Princeton, 2003).



Nirmal Purja

Nirmal Purja (known as Nims or Nimsdai) (; born 25 July 1983) is a Nepal-born naturalised British mountaineer. Prior to taking on a career in mountaineering, he served in the British Army with the Brigade of Gurkhas followed by the Special Boat Service (SBS), the special forces unit of the Royal Navy.


Rishi Budhrani

Rishi Budhrani (born June 9, 1984) is a Singaporean stand-up comedian, actor and host. He began performing in 2009 and became the first Singaporean to perform at the Gotham Comedy Club in New York City and is the first stand-up comedian to host Singapore's National Day Parade in 2022. as well as the President's Star Charity in October 2023. Rishi has been featured on Comedy Central and CNA, and has headlined shows in Sydney, Dubai, India, China, Sri Lanka, and Melbourne, Australia.

Neelam Gorhe

Neelam Gorhe is an Indian politician and deputy leader of Shiv Sena from Maharashtra. She is 13th and currently Deputy Chairperson of Maharashtra Legislative Council and a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council.



Harish Verma

Harish Verma is an Indian actor who mostly works in Punjabi-language films. He made his debut in the 2010 film "Panjaban", and gained wide attention with "Yaar Annmulle" (2011). He made his singing debut with the track "Ikk Vaari Hor Soch Lae", which was written by Jaani and produced by B Praak


Opinion polling for the 2025 Philippine Senate election

This article covers opinion polling for the 2025 Philippine Senate election.

Opinion polling in Philippines is conducted by Social Weather Stations (SWS), Pulse Asia, and other pollsters.

Those who win outright are in bold. Those that are within the margin of error are in "italics".

Pollsters usually do face-to-face interviews on respondents. They sometimes present respondents with a mock ballot on which the respondent will mark his or her choices for the Senate. The Senate of the Philippines is elected via multiple non-transferable vote on an at-large basis, where a voter has 12 votes, cannot transfer any of the votes to a candidate, and can vote for up to twelve candidates. If the mock ballot has 13 or more preferences, the pollster classifies it as "invalid."

Pollsters, aside from publishing preferences per candidate, also include other data such as averages on how many candidates the respondents included on their preferences.


<section begin="Senatorial surveys chart" /><section end="Senatorial surveys chart" />


Totals may not add up to 24 due to margin of error.
Coalitions are expected to release 12-person slates for the election by the start of campaigning on February 2025. On this section will be the surveys done after that day.

Siemens (unit)

Siemens are a SI unit measurement of electrical conductivity (the ability of something to transmit electricity) of something. It also measures how easily a current passes through something, and how strongly a material blocks electrical energy. The unit is named after Ernst Werner von Siemens. Like other SI units named after people, the symbol is capitalized, but the name of the unit is not. In English, the same word ("siemens") is used for both the singular and plural.

Leora Klapper

Leora F. Klapper is an American economist who currently works as a lead economist at the World Bank in the Finance and Private Sector research team as part of the Development Research group. Klapper has held government jobs in Washington, DC and Jerusalem, Israel in the Bank of Israel, as well as having held private sector jobs for Peter L. Bernstein and the Salomon Brothers firm in New York.

In 2018, Klapper received the Accion Edward W. Claugus Award for exceptional leadership and innovation in financial inclusion.

Lethal Bizzle

Maxwell Owusu Ansah (born 14 September 1984), known by his stage name Lethal Bizzle, is a British rapper from Walthamstow, London, of Ghanaian origin. He emerged in 2002 as a grime MC as part of More Fire Crew, with their grime single "Oi!" charting in the top 10 of the UK Singles Chart.


Rituparno Ghosh

Rituparno Ghosh (31 August 1963 – 30 May 2013) was an Indian film director, actor, writer and lyricist. After pursuing a degree in economics, he started his career as a creative artist at an advertising agency. He received recognition for his second feature film "Unishe April" which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film.

Radiation damage

Radiation damage is the effect of radiation on non-living things, such as buildings. Sometimes, radiation can have a positive effect on these materials, but sometimes, radiation damages them. Ionizing radiation can strip electrons from bonds, changing materials a lot. For example, metals are made stronger and harder by radiation, but they become less ductile. 

Radiation can have many different effects on a material, ranging from mild alteration to massive changes in a material's structure. These effects include:. 
Radiation damage effects can also be grouped by what material they're effecting. 

Radiation can have harmful effects on metals and concrete, because it can damage them until they are no longer safe to be used. In metals, exposure to radiation can make them stronger through hardening, it can also make the metals more brittle (making it easily fractured, broken, or cracked). Concrete is often used in nuclear power plants, meaning it is an area of frequently studied (in relation to radiation damage). Over time, certain aggregates (types of gravel, sand, and crushed stone added to materials) can swell due to radiation exposure, making it unsafe. 

Radiation can effect polymers that are found in a variety of places, including nuclear reactors, medical apparatus, and aerospace parts. Ionizing radiation can be used to strengthen and change the traits of these polymers. 

Exposure to radiation causes chemical changes in gasses. Gasses lack a strong structure, meaning most often the effects on them are chemical. There are also often large amounts of ozone produced during nuclear reactions. During nuclear reactions and events, such as criticality events, the ionizing radiation in the air can often react with the area around it, producing a bright blue glow. 

Like gases, liquids do not have a strong structure. Instead, chemical bonds are broken within the liquids, altering their chemical composition. The effects of radiation on liquids, as a result, are generally limited to radiolysis.

Batman family

The Batman Family or Bat Family for short is a network of likeminded crimefighters who operate in and around Gotham City, with Batman as its head. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics.

The group usually are seen interacting with one another and assisting in each other's cases in their respective series. When a new vigilante emerges in the city Batman deduces their identity relatively quickly. Although some members occasionally resent Batman’s intrusion into their lives, all respect him as a legend within the superhero community and rarely challenge his authority.

Most of the members also have a strong rapport with the Dark Knight due to their long and close relationships with him over the years, and consider him a close friend as well as ally.

In a 2002 storyline in which Bruce Wayne, Batman’s secret identity, is accused of murder, Batman's friends gather to prove his innocence. It has also been implied through Batman's history that this network serves as a surrogate family for Batman and keeps him from slipping too far into his ruthless vigilante persona.


The Silver Age of comics saw the first real establishment of the Bat-Family.


Following Crisis on Infinite Earths, many members of the Bat-Family were progressively phased out. It would progressively grow larger over time however.



Opinion polling for the 2028 Philippine presidential election

This article covers opinion polling for the 2028 Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections. Opinion polling in Philippines is conducted by Social Weather Stations (SWS), Pulse Asia, and other pollsters. Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order. The front-runner is in bold. Those that are within the margin of error are in "italics".


Seema Pahwa

Seema Pahwa (née Bhargava; born 10 February 1962) is an Indian actress and director known for her comedic characters in films and television. She is the recipient of several awards including a Filmfare Award and a Filmfare OTT Award.

Superman Family

Superman Family is the name often given to Superman's family (not to be confused with the Kent Family or House of El) and superhero allies. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics.


Mutual Nuclear Deterrence

Mutual Nuclear Deterrence refers to the theory that if two parties both threaten nuclear conflict, neither will engage in it. This became a commonly used strategy during The Cold War. Deterence theory itself is defined as any use of threats in order to maintain the status quo. The stability–instability paradox is an important part of mutual nuclear deterrence. This paradox states that if two parties both have powerful nuclear weapons, the chances of war between them greatly decreases. This is because parties generally want to avoid nuclear conflict, so they neither start large conflicts nor allow small conflicts to grow into large ones.

According to Kenneth Waltz, there are three requirements for successful nuclear deterrence:


The idea of mutual nuclear deterrence has been critiqued. This is because of the idea that the people who make decisions are always rational. It has been argued that it does not consider the emotional effects of the chances of a conflict happening, which can lead to irrational choices.

Leader (character)

The Leader (Samuel Sterns) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Tales to Astonish" #62 (December 1964), created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko as the archenemy of the Hulk.

He was a simple American worker in a chemical plant in a menial capacity until an accident working with radioactive material bombarded him with gamma radiation, turning his skin green and making his head grow. The radiation increased his intelligence to genius-level along with his ego and ambition to match. This led him into conflict with the Hulk becoming his self-proclaimed arch-enemy. Having died and being revived several times, the Leader became obsessed with the afterlife, having experimented with the Green Doors and learned of the existence of the One Below All and the Below-Place, though all of this would culminate in him being possessed and then ripped out of the entity, powerless and reduced to a normal human. In spite everything he had done, the Hulk forgave Sam and returned him to the Earthly Plane.

The character has been adapted from the comics into various forms of media, including television series and video games. Samuel Sterns made his cinematic debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "The Incredible Hulk" (2008), portrayed by Tim Blake Nelson, and will return in "" (2024). In 2009, the Leader was ranked as IGN's 63rd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.

Duke University Hospital

Duke University Hospital is a 957-bed hospital and an academic tertiary care facility located in Durham, North Carolina, United States.

Made in 1930, it is the main teaching hospital for the Duke University Health System, a network of physicians and hospitals serving Durham County and Wake County, North Carolina, and surrounding areas, as well as one of three Level I referral centers for the Research Triangle of North Carolina (the other two are UNC Hospitals in nearby Chapel Hill and WakeMed Raleigh in Raleigh). It is affiliated with the Duke University School of Medicine.

Samuel García (politician)

Samuel Alejandro García Sepúlveda (born 28 December 1987) is a Mexican politician. He is a member of the Citizens' Movement party. He became Governor of Nuevo León in 2021. He was a senator from 2018 to 2021. He is a candidate for President of Mexico in the 2024 election.

Eduardo Verástegui

José Eduardo Verástegui Córdoba (; born May 21, 1974) is a Mexican actor, singer and conservative activist. He was part of the band Kairo. He had movie roles in "Chasing Papi", "Bella", and "Little Boy".

His political ideas have been seen as ultra-conservative and far-right. 

In September 2023, he became an independent candidate for President of Mexico in the 2024 presidential election.

Victoria Villarruel

Victoria Eugenia Villarruel (born 13 April 1975) is an Argentine politician, lawyer, and activist who is the 38th and current Vice President of Argentina since 2023. She is the founder and president of a civil association called the Center for Legal Studies on Terrorism. She was a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 2021 to 2023.

Villarruel successfully ran as the running mate of Javier Milei in the 2023 general election.

Pseudophilautus lunatus

The Afro-Asian tree frog ("Pseudophilautus lunatus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Handapan Ell Plains, in the eastern part of the Sinharaja World Heritage Site, 1270 meters above sea level.

One adult female frog was 40.9 m long from nose to rear end. There are black spots near the eyes and white color on the chin. The skin of the frog's back is red-brown in the middle and gray-brown with black marks on the sides. The belly is gray-white in color. The toes are dark gray in color, and the tops of the toes have some yellow color.

Many parts of the frog's eye are brown in color.

This frog is critically endangered. There are very few of them. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places the frog lives to make farms, to make places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with and because pollution and chemicals meant to kill pests and make crops grow can kill this frog. However, scientists say that even though there are only a few frogs, the number of frogs is staying the same, not getting smaller. 

Ted Kord

Theodore Stephen <nowiki>"Ted"</nowiki> Kord is a fictional character from Charlton Comics and later acquired by DC Comics. He was the second hero to call himself Blue Beetle, successor to Dan Garrett and predecessor to Jaime Reyes. Garrett was his mentor and he vowed to take up the crime-fighting legacy, although when he found himself unable to activate the Blue Beetle Scarab he turned to science and martial arts instead. He is one of the smartest men in the DC Universe, and puts his inventions to public use through Kord Industries. He has been a member of Justice League International, the Living Assault Weapons and the Birds of Prey. His most enduring partnership is with his best friend Booster Gold.

"Ted Kord" was created by Steve Ditko and Gary Friedrich for Charlton Comics, first appearing in "Captain Atom" #83 (1966).

Captain America's shield

Captain America's shield is a fictional item appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. It is the primary defensive and offensive piece of equipment used by Captain America, and is intended to be an emblem of American culture.

The most well-known of his shields is a disc-shaped object with a five-pointed star design in its center, within blue, red, and white concentric circles. This shield is composed of a unique combination of Vibranium, steel alloy, and a third catalyst that has never been duplicated called Proto-Adamantium. It is virtually indestructible. It is as much an offensive weapon as a defensive one for Captain America. Cap uses it against his enemies, mainly, by throwing it at them and can perform mind-bogglingly impossible tricks with it.

Over the years, Captain America has used several shields of varying composition and design. His original heater shield first appeared in "Captain America Comics" #1 (March 1941), published by Marvel's 1940s predecessor, Timely Comics. The circular shield best associated with the character debuted in the next issue, "Captain America Comics" #2.

Silvia de Tapia

Silvia de Tapia (born 5 January 1940) is a Mexican archer. De Tapia competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Adolfo González

Adolfo González Jiménez (born 27 September 1962) is a Mexican archer. González competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Gary Leschinsky

Gary Leschinsky is an American student and inventor who has gained recognition in the medical device industry for his notable contributions to the fields of allergy awareness, education, and invention.

From the age of 7 years old, Leschinsky demonstrated an interest in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math), particularly in inventions that could solve real-world problems. He currently pursues his interests in STEM at the Davidson Academy Online, an online secondary school based in Reno, Nevada.

Leschinsky is most known for his development of the "A-Watch for Allergies" at the age of 8 years old. This is a device designed for the early detection and notification of allergic reactions. For his notable contribution to the advancement of research in early food allergy detection, Leschinsky was inducted in 2016 into the National Gallery for America's Young Inventors at the National Museum of Education. 

Leschinsky's invention, developed to assist individuals unable to communicate their symptoms effectively, received a United States Patent in 2019 (patent number US10213150B2)​​​​.

Leschinsky's medical invention led him to present to the investors of Shark Tank in a kid inventors segment. In addition, another one of his inventions, the "Nose and Earmuffs" was presented on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. In November of 2023, Leschinsky presented a TEDx Talk at Nashua High School South.

Leschinsky is also known for his notable achievements in chess. He started chess lessons at the International Chess Academy of New Jersey and rapidly improved his skills. In December of 2022, he was ranked #10 for all US 14-year-olds by the United States Chess Federation​​.

Pandia (moon)

Pandia is a moon of Jupiter. One Pandian year is 252 days. This satellite of Jupiter got its name after the greek goddess of the sun.

Pilate stone

The Pilate stone is a block of carved limestone with a inscription on it. The inscription likely attributes and mentions Pontius Pilate, a prefect of Roman Judaea from around AD 26 to AD 37. It was discovered at the ancient city of Caesarea Maritima in 1961. The block is significant because it has a inscription carved in the 1st century which mentions the word or name "Pilate", likely referring to Pontius Pilate.

The inscription on the block is mostly unreadable.

Those are what the readable parts of the inscription read: 

Vaccinium uliginosum

The Vaccinium uliginosum is the scientific name for bog bilberry, bog blueberry, northern bilberry, western blueberry. The Vaccinium uliginosum is an Eurasia and North American plant in the group Vaccinium. It lives in cold temperate areas. You can eat the berries raw or cooked, you can also make jelly and pies with it. It can grow to 10-75cm tall with round stems. It has oval leaves with blue-green veins.

List of football stadiums in Austria

This is a list of Austrian football stadiums. 

List of Austrian football stadiums

This is a list of Austrian football stadiums. 

Black Widow (Natasha Romanova)

Black Widow (Natalia Alianovna "Natasha" Romanova) is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. The character was introduced as a Russian spy, an antagonist of the superhero Iron Man. She is the second character who have assumed the mantle of Black Widow. She later defected to the United States, becoming an agent of the fictional spy agency S.H.I.E.L.D., and is the only female member of the Avengers.

Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee, scripter Don Rico, and artist Don Heck, the character debuted in "Tales of Suspense" #52 (April 1964).

The character has appeared in numerous forms of media, such as animated television series, video games, and films. In animation, she is voiced by Laura Bailey. Scarlett Johansson portrayed Natasha Romanoff in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Iron Man 2" (2010), "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2014), "" (2015), "" (2016), "" (2018), "Captain Marvel" (2019), "" (2019), and "Black Widow" (2021), with Lake Bell voicing the character in the animated series "What If...?" (2021).

Blue Beetle (Dan Garrett)

Dan Garret, or Dan Garrett is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Fox Comics, Holyoke Publishing, Charlton Comics, and DC Comics. He was the first Blue Beetle during the Golden Age. He was a vigilante who got powers using Vitamin 2X, and fought crime with a sidekick named Sparky. Charlton Comics reimagined him as Dan Garrett in the Silver Age. He is portrayed as an archaeologist who gains powers from a Blue Beetle Scarab found in Egypt. His student and successor is Ted Kord, although Jaime Reyes is the next to use the Scarab.

"Dan Garrett" was created by Charles Nicholas, first appearing in the Fox publication "Mystery Men Comics" #1. (1939)

Black Widow (Yelena Belova)

Yelena Belova (Russian: Еле́на Бело́ва) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. She is depicted as a spy and was the second modern-era character to use the Black Widow name. Originally created by Devin Grayson and J.G. Jones for "Marvel Knights: Wave 2 Sketchbook" #1 (January 1998), Belova made her first appearance in "Inhumans" vol. 2 #5 (January 1999) by Paul Jenkins and Jae Lee. She was trained as a spy and assassin in the Red Room. Originally, Yelena was a foe of Natasha Romanova and was sent to kill her, but the two later became allies. She was also a member of S.H.I.E.L.D., Vanguard, and HYDRA; the latter organization changed her into a version of Super-Adaptoid. As Super-Adaptoid, she was one of the members of the High Council of A.I.M. After being freed from her Super-Adaptoid identity, Belova reverted back to her old Black Widow identity before adopting the codename White Widow.

Florence Pugh portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Black Widow", the miniseries "Hawkeye" (both 2021), and the upcoming movie "Thunderbolts" (2024).

Gyan Chand Jain

Gyan Chand Jain (1923-2007) was an Indian writer and scholar of Urdu literature. Born in 1923 at Seohara of Bijnore district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, Jain was known for his scholarship on Ghalib literature. 


 
Pseudophilautus fulvus

The knuckles shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus fulvus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Knuckles Mountains, between 450 and 1220 meters above sea level.

State flags

In vexillology, a state flag is either the flag of the government of a sovereign state, or the flag of an individual federated state (subnational administrative division).

Robert Jermain Thomas

Robert Jermain Thomas ( 17 September 1840disappeared 31 August 1866) was a Welsh Protestant Christian man who served as a missionary with the London Missionary Service spreading the gospel in China and Korea. While serving as a missionary in China, Thomas developed a strong desire to work as a missionary in Korea, among it's peoples. At the time, Korea was closed to foreigners because of the government's fear of foreign influence on Korea. Many Koreans had been converted by Catholic priests in the end of the 18th century, but the government had around 8,000 of those converts killed. 
Robert Jermain Thomas was born 17 September 1840, in Rhayader, Powys, Radnorshire, Wales, United Kingdom. In 1863, Thomas married a woman named Caroline Godfrey. 
Thomas and his newly married wife Godfrey went as missionaries to China with the London Missionary Service to spread the gospel to the Chinese people. Four months after their arrival in Shangai, China, his wife Godfrey suffered a miscarriage and died afterwards from the consequences in 1865. 
31 August 1866 was the day that the Americans had begin launching attacks on Korea. An American ship not far from the shores of Korea began attacking the shores and some towns of Korea. Some civilians were wounded and killed due to the attacks. In response to the attacks, Korea began attacking the American ships that attacked them. This started a conflict between Korea and the United States. Meanwhile, Robert Jermain Thomas was in Korea. 
The entire conflict lasted two days. Two days after the attack began, the Americans having a damaged ship due to the Korean attacks had surrendered on 2 September. After those attacks, Roman Jermain Thomas was not seen again. It is possible that he died due to the attacks. He was last seen on 31 August 1866 (the day that the conflict had began). He was later declared a proclaimed martyr of Korea.
Maria Jesus Contreras

Maria Jesus Contreras (born 1993) is a Chilean illustrator and graphic designer. 

Contreras was raised in Temuco, Chile. 

She studied graphic design at the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. 

She has contributed to numerous international media outlets, including The New York Times, New York Magazine, The New Yorker, Berliner Zeitung, the Los Angeles Times, The Atlantic, and Texas Monthly. 

In 2022, Contreras was awarded YoungGuns International Award Winner.

Office of the Vice President of the United States

The Office of the Vice President is the executive office of staff members who support or advise the vice president of the United States. The chief of staff to the vice president runs the office. 

It is in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. There are also offices for the vice president in the West Wing of the White House, the United States Capitol and the vice president's residence.

Office of the First Lady of the United States

The Office of the First Lady is the staff that helps the First Lady of the United States. The Office of the First Lady is a part of the White House Office. It is in the East Wing of the White House.

Jannatul Ferdous Ivy

Jannatul Ferdous Ivy is a well-known filmmaker, writer, and human rights activist from Bangladesh. She is the executive director of the NGO "Voice & Views". She is recognized for her strong advocacy for the rights of marginalized groups, especially women with disabilities and burn survivors. Ivy's impactful work earned her a place in the "BBC 100 Women 2023," acknowledging her as one of the most influential women worldwide.

Ivy has an impressive educational background, including a Bachelor of Social Science (BSS), a Master of Arts in English Literature, a degree in Development Studies, an LLB, and a Diploma in Social Compliance. These qualifications have equipped her to contribute effectively to policy advocacy and social justice.

Besides her academic achievements, Ivy is passionate about English Literature, Film Studies, and Photography. Her creative pursuits inspire her to use storytelling for positive change and raise awareness about important issues. Ivy's dedication to creative endeavours and social justice work has gained her respect in Bangladesh's film and human rights communities.

Ivy's advocacy work is personal to her because she has a physical disability from burns. Her own experiences have motivated her to advocate passionately for the human rights of women with disabilities. Through her work with "Voice & Views" and other organizations, Ivy strives to create a more inclusive and just world for everyone. She promotes accessibility and opportunities for disabled women while raising awareness about their unique challenges and needs.


Irri

Irri is a village in the Isoko South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria.

1913-14 Austrian football championship

The 1913-14 Austrian football championship was organized by the "Lower Austrian Football Association". Only teams from Vienna and the Vienna suburbs played in the championship. Instead of the relegation games, direct promotion and relegation was introduced for the first time. After the second division champions had always been defeated in the relegation games to the first division in previous seasons, First Vienna FC wanted to introduce an automatic promotion and relegation. The Lower Austrian Football Association approved this request. At the end of the season First Vienna FC was in last place in the table and immediately protested against this regulation. The association rejected the protest. Vienna founded its own rival association, the "Football Union of Austrian Nations" ( FUAN). Some clubs from Austria and Bohemia joined the association. The union was dissolved after two years.

A championship was also held in Styria, in which Carinthian clubs could take part, which was organized by the "Deutsch-Alpenländischen Fußballverband" (DAFV).

Alfonso Jones

Alfonso Jones Kleiner (born 8 March 1951) is a Mexican archer. Jones competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Eduardo Magaña

Eduardo Avelino Magaña Portillo (born 10 March 1984) is a Mexican archer. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Savage Garden (Savage Garden album)

Savage Garden is the debut studio album by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and was released on 4 March 1997 by Columbia Records and Roadshow Music. It topped the album charts in Australia, New Zealand and Sweden and made the top 10 in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It won the 1998 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album.

All tracks are written by Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones; all tracks is produced by Charles Fisher, except where noted

Turn Back Time (Aqua song)

"Turn Back Time" is a 1998 song by Aqua and is the sixth single from their debut studio album "Aquarium". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 2 in New Zealand and Hungary, number 10 in Australia, number 14 in Canada and Belgium, number 26 in the Netherlands, number 42 in Germany, number 19 in Italy and Austria and number 4 in Sweden and Ireland. It was used in 1998 movie "Sliding Doors".







Rahul Kohli

Rahul Kohli (born 13 November 1985) is an English actor. He is best known for his television roles as Dr. Ravi Chakrabarti in "iZombie" (2015–19), Owen Sharma in "The Haunting of Bly Manor" (2020), Sheriff Hassan in "Midnight Mass" (2021), and Napoleon Usher in "The Fall of the House of Usher" (2023).


Hekari United F.C.

Hekari United Football Club is a Papua New Guinean professional men's soccer club based in Port Moresby. It was founded in 2006 and plays in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL).

Hekari United is one of two clubs that has won the PNGNSL, the other being Lae City. Hekari United has won the PNGNSL eight times, while Lae City has won it nine times.

Hekari United one of two Oceanian clubs outside Australia and New Zealand to have both won the OFC Champions League and to have played in the FIFA Club World Cup, both in 2010. The only other Oceanian club to have done this is Hienghène Sport, which plays in the New Caledonia Super Ligue.

Lae City F.C.

Lae City Football Club is a Papua New Guinean professional soccer club based in Lae. It was founded in 2014 and plays in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL).

Lae City is the most successful soccer club in Papua New Guinea, having won the PNGNSL nine times. It is one of only two clubs to have ever won the PNGNSL, the other being Hekari United who won the first eight PNGNSL titles before Lae City won their first title in 2015 and have won every season since.

Lae

Lae () is the capital of Morobe Province and the second-largest city in Papua New Guinea.

Madang F.C.

Madang Football Club was a Papua New Guinean professional soccer club based in Madang. It played in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL).

The club was founded in 2006 and was one of the five founding members of the PNGNSL. In 2019, the club folded and merged with the Tusbab Stallions. Although it never won the PNGNSL, it finished second twice.

Darryl Worley

Darryl Wade Worley (born October 31, 1964) is an American country music singer and songwriter.



April, April!

April, April! is a 1935 German comedy movie directed by first time director Douglas Sirk. It stars Albrecht Schoenhals, Carola Höhn, Erhard Siedel, Lina Carstens, Charlott Daudert, Hubert von Meyerinck, Werner Finck and Hilde Schneider.

Chris Sievey

Christopher Mark Sievey (born 17 November 1953) was an English singer, musician and record producer, known for the lead singer and guitarist of his backing band the Freshies in the late 1970s and early 1980s and for his comic persona Frank Sidebottom from 1982 onwards.

Sievey, under the guise of Sidebottom, made regular appearances on North West television throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, even becoming a reporter for "Granada Reports". Later, he presented "Frank Sidebottom's Proper Telly Show in B/W" for the Manchester-based television station Channel M. Throughout his career, Sidebottom made appearances on radio stations such as Manchester's Piccadilly Radio and on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 5, alongside Mark and Lard.

Sievey grew up in Salford, Manchester, England.

In 1967, when he was 14, Sievey began writing and recording his own music, and by the age of 15 was playing in local bands. In 1969, he hitch-hiked to London with his brother, staging a sit-in at the Apple Records HQ, demanding to see one of The Beatles. When they were asked to leave they insisted on recording something, and were booked into the studio after playing a song to head of A&R Tony King. Sievey subsequently recorded several demos, which he sent to record companies, receiving many rejection letters which he later compiled into a book. He was an attendee to saw Dr. Feelgood and Kilburn and the High Roads concert in December 1974. Unable to get a deal, he set up his own punk band Bee Knees in November 1976.

Bee Knees released two albums in June 1977 and November 1977, "Girl in My Blue Jeans" and "All Sleeps Secrets" and their debut single "I'm Her Man" in May 1977. Bee Knees disbanded in February 1978. In March 1978, Sievey, along with musician for Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias and John Cooper Clarke, John Scott and record producer Martin Hannett, provided lyrics for "Jilted John" a song featuring music performed by post-punk performer and comedian Jilted John.

In March 16, 1978, Sievey formed his backing band the Freshies, with Barry Spencer (born 1956; vocals, guitar), Rick Maunder (born 1955; vocals, bass), Paul Whittle (born 1955; drums), and Bob Dixon (born 1956; vocals, keyboards). They supporting Elvis Costello on his UK tour in March to April 1978. In June 1978, He signed to Stiff Records. Invited by Dave Robinson to participate in the forthcoming Be Stiff Route '78 Tour in 1978, Sievey quickly recorded his first album for Stiff, "Rough 'N' Ready", was produced by Pete Shelley, which contained "I'm in Love with the Girl on the Certain Manchester Megastore Checkout Desk", "Heart to Heart", and another Top 20 hit, "No Money". Sievey's musical style combined his own quirky inventions with punk and power pop styles. A string of singles and four albums were released between 1978 and 1981. Chris Sievey's biggest UK hit was "I'm in Love with the Girl on the Certain Manchester Megastore Checkout Desk", released initially on Stiff label (BUY 36). The record peaked at No 34 in November 1978. They had commercial success in England with "Yellow Spot" and "No Money".

Sievey released further singles, "Wrap Up the Rockets" and "I Can't Get Bouncing Babies", and also although commercially successful in England, they failed to make the national charts.

The following year he had a solo release, "Camouflage", with the A-side a song, and the B-side being computer programming.


"Released either on cassette or CD-r"

Albums

Ramla

Ramla, also called Ramle (Hebrew: רמלה; Arabic: الرملة) is a mixed city of Arabs and Jews in the Central District of Israel. It is 2 kilometers south of Lod, 16 kilometers southeast from Modi'in Maccabim Re'ut, and 6 kilometers northeast of Rehovot.

It serves as the capital of the Central Distirct of Israel, being located in the southeast of the district. It is the second most Arab populated city in the district, with 15,100 people in 2011, while Lod being first with 19,800 in the same period.

It is the center of Karaism, a Jewish religious movement based on the "Tanakh" as the supreme authority in "halakha" (jewish religious laws). Many Jews from Karachi emigrated in Ramla, thus building their own synagogue called"; Magain Shalome Synagogue." The population mainly believes in 2 religions; Judaism and Islam, as Islam existing way before the Judaism had influence, during the Islamic Golden age in the early 8th century.

A main significance of Islam in Ramla is the White Mosque, which was mostly destroyed in 1034 by an earthquake, then being rebuilt eventually in 1047. Thus the first construction, it was constructed again in 1190 by building on the western side of the Mosque. In around 1267–1268, the Mosque was modified by adding a minaret, dome, pulpit, prayer niche and two halls. The minaret was renovated in 1318 after an earthquake. In 1408, the Malmuks ordered restoration works. The last restoration of the Mosque took between 1844–1918, after that most of the Mosque was demolished except for its minaret.
Ramla was founded in around 705 to 715 AD by the Umayyad (modern-day Syria) prince Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik, replacing "Lydda" (Lod), the original provincial capital of the Muslims. He saw the city as an advantage for economics due to it's strategical location, thus being attacked many times by the Muslims, while they only succeeded twice. A few centuries later, in the Fatimid period it served as the capital of Palestine. It's role as a capital was shortly ended after the First Crusade came in 1099. The city got it's name through the word "ramil" (Arabicː رمل) which means 'sand', from the sandy terrain it was located in.

In 750, the Abbasids conquered many parts of the Middle East, including mainland Israel, thus getting control of the city. They demolished many properties of the Umayyads. They ruled during the golden age of Ramla, when they took control of Jeruslaem as a trade center. The golden age also existed during the previous Umayyad dynasty. However reconquered the city a second time between 905 and 969, which 10 years later in 979 the city was demolished by the Jarrahids, a branch of the ancient Banu Tayy tribe.

In 1101, the Crusades took control after the First "Ramla" War against the Fatimids, making the Muslim population leave. They made Ramla a city of major economic importance and an important station for pilgrims traveling to Jerusalem. They identified it with the bibical city of Ramathaim, thus naming it "Arimathea". One year later, in 1102, the "Second" Ramla War occurred and the Fatimids won the war, having much more strength than the Crusades, thus taking control of the city in the same day the battle occurred. Later, in 1105 the Crusades won thus retaking the city. The Malmuk unsuccessful wars led to the War of Yibneh (Modern day Yavne) in 1123, which the Crusades won again.

In 1889, 31 Jewish families migrated to Ramla, thus making them the first Jews in Ramla, which didn't have them until this timeline. When the British Mandate came, they made the "Ramle" subdistrict (Southeast part in the Central District today), which was located near the "Jaffa" subdistrict. After the 1948 Palestine War the Ramle subdistrict became part of the Central District which exists to this day.

Before the Arabs were expulsed because of the wars in 1948, Ramla had a major Arab demographic, thus after the explusion the Jews claimed the major demographic. Today, there are around 76% Jews and 24% Arabs in Ramla, being one of the mixed cities in the center and all Israel, which is more common in the Northern District and Galilee which has Arab majority demographics. Examples are Ka'abiyye-Tabbash-Hajajre, Sakhnin and Nazareth.


Lalit Prabhakar

Lalit Prabhakar is an Indian film, television and theatre actor predominantly working in the Marathi film industry. He is best known for his role as Aditya Desai on the popular daily soap "Julun Yeti Reshimgathi" and his debut film as main actor in the film "Chi Va Chi Sau Ka".


Gujjar Singh Bhangi

Sardar Gujjar Singh Bhangi (died early 1790) was a Sikh warrior and one of the triumvirates who ruled over Lahore prior to the leadership of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

Rishabh Shukla

Rishabh Shukla ("R̥ṣabha Śuklā") is an Indian film and television actor and a voice-dubbing artist, who speaks Hindi as his mother tongue language. On television he is most known for his role of Maharaj Shantanu in "Mahabharat" (TV series) (1988–1990)


 

Nirmal Chettri

Nirmal Chettri (born 21 October 1990 in Melli, Sikkim) is an Indian footballer who plays mainly as a defender and last played for Southern Samity in the Calcutta Football League.

Sai Bennett

Sai Naomi Bennett (born 30 May 1990) is an English actress and model. She began her career in modeling and gained prominence through her roles in the film "The Face of an Angel" (2014) and the ITV period drama "Mr Selfridge" (2014–2015). She has since appeared in the Starz series "The Spanish Princess" (2020).


Jo Vermast

Jo Vermast (born 29 September 1981 in Ostend) is a Belgium football midfielder who currently plays for KV Kortrijk. He joined MVV in 2007, he came from K.V. Kortrijk.

Neha Bhasin

Neha Bhasin (born 18 November 1982) is an Indian singer and songwriter. She is known for her playback work in Bollywood, Tollywood, Kollywood and independent songs in the genre of Indian pop and punjabi folk music. Bhasin has received seven Filmfare nominations across different languages and won two Filmfare Awards for her songs ‘‘Jag Ghoomeya’’ (Hindi) and ‘‘Paani Ravi Da’’ (Punjabi).

 

Shashikala Kakodkar

Shashikala Kakodkar (7 January 1935 – 28 October 2016), popularly known as Tai; ), was a prominent leader of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP). She served as the Chief Minister of Goa, Daman and Diu on two occasions, and also was the President of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party.

Hawkeye (Clint Barton)

Hawkeye (Clinton Francis <nowiki>"Clint"</nowiki> Barton) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Don Heck, and first appeared in "Tales of Suspense" #57 (September 1964). He is the first character to take on the mantle of Hawkeye. He a former circus worker and criminal-turned-hero, who received his archery skills as a young boy through training with Swordsman and Trickshot. Barton had eventually joined both the East Coast and West Coast branches of the Avengers, even leading at one time.

The character has appeared in television series, action figures, and video games. In live-action, Clint Barton is played by actor Jeremy Renner in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

Goutam Deb

Goutam Deb (born 6 January 1957) is an Indian Politician currently serving as the Mayor of Siliguri Municipal Corporation. He was a Cabinet Minister of Department of Tourism in the Government of West Bengal from 2016 to 2021. He also served as the Minister of North Bengal Development, a newly formed department in 2011 by Mamata Banerjee, the first woman Chief Minister of West Bengal.

Hawkeye (Kate Bishop)

Hawkeye (Katherine Elizabeth <nowiki>"Kate"</nowiki> Bishop) is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer Allan Heinberg and artist Jim Cheung, and first appeared in "Young Avengers" #1 (April 2005). She was a regular civilian, with considerable archery skills, who happened to cross paths with the Young Avengers on a mission, eventually inviting herself onto the team. She became Barton's protégé and they both operates under Hawkeye name simultaneously.

The character is played by singer and actress Hailee Steinfeld in the Marvel Cinematice Universe (MCU) miniseries, "Hawkeye" (2021) and a cameo appearance in "The Marvels" (2023).

Black Widow (Marvel Comics)

Black Widow is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Most of these versions exist in Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.

The most notable characters who have assumed the mantle of Black Widow over the years are Claire Voyant, Natasha Romanova, and Yelena Belova; as well as some alternative versions. The character has been associated with several superhero teams such as the Avengers, the Defenders, the Champions, S.H.I.E.L.D., and the Thunderbolts.

She was one of the superheroes who fought in World War II. Claire was a spirit medium who communicated with the dead. She was possessed by Satan while having a seance with the Wagler family. During the seance a curse was place on the family then died in a car crash. One of the survivors James Wagler went to Claire's apartment and shot her in her apartment. Her soul went to hell Satan gives Claire mystical powers and sends back to earth to avenge her death. After killing James Wagler Claire became tasked to kill evil men and send their souls to hell.

She is a highly trained and former Russian spy, who was originally an antagonist of Iron Man and other heroes. Eventually becoming a superheroine, she defected to the United States and became the partner of Captain America, Daredevil, Winter Soldier and Hawkeye. In addition, Black Widow became an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and later the superhero group, the Avengers, where she also acted as a co-leader during the Onslaught saga. Since her tenure as a superhero and adventurer, she has been a member of numerous groups, such as the Lady Liberators, Marvel Knights, Mighty Avengers, Champions of Los Angeles, and the Posse.

She is depicted as a spy and was the second modern-era character to use the Black Widow name. She first appeared in Inhumans #5 and was created by Devin Grayson and J.G.

She is the second character to use the Black Widow codename in the Ultimate Marvel continuity, debuting in "Ultimate Comics: Avengers" #3.

The Ultimate version of Jessica Drew is a female Spider-Clone who uses by the Black Widow alias.

The futuristic 2099 version of Black Widow is an African-American woman named Tania. She operates as part of the Avengers 2099 at the Alchemax corporation's behest. Like black widow spiders, she literally eats her mates after having sex with them.

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, such as television series, movies, video games, and action figures. In live-action, she has been portrayed by actresses Scarlet Johansson, Florence Pugh, and Rachel Weisz; all of them set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

Anton Cargnelli

Anton Cargnelli (1 February 1889 - 27 June 1974 ) was an Austrian football player and football coach. He won the Austrian championship once with Wiener AF in the 1913-14 season. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team As coach he won the Scudetto, the Italian championship, with FC Torino in 1928 and 1940 with Ambrosiana-Inter. 
He was the son of an Italian father and grew up in Vienna. Cargnelli started playing football in the Rennweger SV youth team in 1901. He came to SC Germania Schwechat via AC Viktoria Wien. He played there as forward. In 1910 he joined the newly founded Wiener AF. There he now played as defender. In the 1913/14 Cargnelli's team won the championship. In the following season, the WAF reached second place in the championship, which was overclouded by the beginning of the war.

In 1919 he returned to the Germania Schwechat. He again played as a striker . At the same time Cargnelli took over the training of all the teams. In 1921 he ended his active career.
In May 1909, Cargnelli played his only game in the Austrian national team in a 1-1 draw against Hungary in Budapest. He was in the forward line with Karl Beck.

After he had already worked as a player-coach at the end of his playing career, he took a coaching career. He first took sports science courses in Germany . Then he took coaching positions in Cologne, Idar-Oberstein and Dortmund. For half a season he trained SK Admira WienThen he coached FC Mühlburg in 1924/25. This was followed by a year in Romania. He then moved to Italy, where he spent the rest of his coaching career.

His first stop was FC Torino, with whom he was able to win the championship title in 1928. In 1929 the Turin team lost in the final to AGC Bologna. After the introduction of Serie A, Cargnelli moved to the second division club US Palermo for three seasons. This was followed by working for US Foggia and AS Bari. In 1934 he returned to Torino. Two more years in Bari followed before Cargnelli accepted an offer from Milan and moved to Ambrosiana. There he won the Italian Cup with his team in 1939 and became Italian champions the following year with players .

During the war years he again looked after Torino. Hee was runner-up once and was involved in building the team that would later become famous as Grande Torino. After the end of the war, Cargnelli spent two more seasons at Lazio and Bologna before Cargnelli ended his career at third division club US Alessandria Calcio.

Feldhues Group

Feldhues Fun Foods GmbH is a German-Irish meat making and packing company. Their meat contains printed pictures of characters which can be requested by a customer.

They were found in the 1960s by Bernhard Feldhues. They opened in the town of Metelen in 1978. Billy Roll was introduced in 1986 at IFFA in Frankfurt and Billy Bear was given to the public. Happy Tractor and Happy Fox were added to their product family in 2017. The meat is made in Monaghan at their factory in Ireland.

In 2005, Greencore bought the company but did not show much interest in it. The machinery was later sold.

Pictures of the meat was posted on Reddit. They are called "face meats” and Billy Roll became known as “meat clown".


Ade Adekola

Ade Adekola (born 1966), is a conceptual artist. known as a photographer, painter, textile artist, digital artist. He lives in Lagos.

Whisps

Whisps is an American cheese and snack brand. 

Ilana Fischer worked for Schuman Cheese in 2015 and she started the brand with Costco.

In 2021, John Ghingo, originally from Applegate Farms became the owner. Later they held a contest where one had to eat the snack for a year, and the winner was paid $10,000. Later they came out with Cheese Crumbs and a nuts mix.

In 2023, they introduced a Buffalo flavor, and Cheese And Pretzel Bites to the product line.


Ayo Akínwándé

Ayo Akínwándé is a Nigerian contemporary visual artist. known vivid multimedia drawings and works on paper.

Selected solo exhibitions:


Pran Sukh Yadav

Pran Sukh Yadav (Rao Sahab) was a military commander from behror in Alwar district of Rajasthan which was part of Ahirwal region and under the control of Ahir ruler of Rewari. He was a revolutionary of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and as a close friend of Hari Singh Nalwa and the Punjab ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh. Later during the First Rebellion of India in 1857 he fought along with Rao Tula Ram of Rewari against Britishers in Battle of Nasibpur.

OMFG (musician)

Loell Bergen also known as Alex Savage or OMFG is a British-Canadian songwriter and online streamer. His most known songs are "Hello" and "I Love You". He currently has over 1 million subscribers, and his mascot Toasty is featured in song covers. He was believed to be a woman named Kylee Boettcher until he came out as his real self.

In 2014, he released a song called "Hello" which received attention on YouTube. 

In 2015, he released "Yeah", "I Love You", and "Ok" as singles. He briefly convinced the public he was a woman named Kylee Boettcher until he revealed his real identity and wished there were more female musicians in the scene.

In 2016, he released two songs, "Jelly" and "Pancakes".

He used to have a TikTok account under the name "talkboxguy" but it was closed in February 7, 2021.

Loell no longer releases music under OMFG due to a disagreement and claim by Kylee that Loell acted inappropriate toward her. 

Singles


Ice Spice

Ice Spice is an American rapper from New York City.

Murder Drones

Murder Drones is a computer-animated web program created by Liam Vickers and produced by Glitch Productions. The program follows the journey of Uzi, a worker teen robot. Set in a dystopian planet known as Copper 9 where humans has disappear and Worker Drones who were left behind must keep themselves save from Disassembly Drones.

The pilot for the program was released on October 29, 2021 and made over almost twenty million views. The program was greenlit on February 18, 2022 and was the program was released on November 18, 2022.


Pseudophilautus ocularis

Pseudophilautus ocularis is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Sinharaja World Heritage Site, between 1060 and 1270 meters above sea level.

Bentkey

BentKey is a Children's Streaming Service created by The Daily Wire. It has cartoons like ChipChilla, starring Rob Schneider and James Arnold Taylor. It also has the shows Runes, A Wonderful Day with Mabel McClay, Kid Explorer and Kid FIt GO. It is also making a Snow White movie with Brett Cooper called Snow White and the Evil Queen.

Poor Poor Pitiful Me

"Poor Poor Pitiful Me" is a 1976 song by Warren Zevon and was taken from his second studio album "Warren Zevon". It was a top 40 hit for Linda Ronstadt in 1978 and Terri Clark in 1996 for her second studio album "Just the Same". In 2004 Jackson Browne and Bonnie Raitt covered it for the Warren Zevon tribute album.

Cornish Rex

Cornish Rex is a breed of cat. It has no hair. It is orginated from United Kingdom.

History begins with a kitten born around 1950 in Cornwall. The kitten is described as a male with cream-colored fur named Kallibunker, having an unusual appearance, namely curly hair. hen it grew up, the owner mated it again with its mother. From the mating of the child and the mother, a male kitten and a female kitten were born, both with curly hair. The female was named Lamorna Cove and the male was named Poldhu. Lamorna Cove was then taken to America and crossed with a Siamese cat there. Thus a cornish rex kitten was born.

The cornish rex has an appearance that is very similar to the devon rex. However, the mutation process that occurs in them is much different, so it is forbidden to cross between these two types of cats. Cornish rex is a type of cat that does not cause allergies. This is not because of its short fur, but because the rex cornish body produces far fewer allergens than other types of cats.

Cornish rex coat colors and patterns are very diverse. According to the established standard, these cats can have solid colors (white, black, brown, orange, blue, purple, and cream), all types of tabby colors, two-tone, smoke, and color dots as in the Siamese standard.

Cornish Rexes tend to be playful and cheerful well into their old age. Some cats of this breed enjoy playing, running races and performing acrobatic jumps. They are also known to be adventurous and highly intelligent. Easily adapting to new environments, curious, and happy to explore the place it inhabits, so the they can be found inside the washing machine or sitting on top of the refrigerator.


Thrust vectoring

Thrust vectoring is the ability of an aircraft to change the direction of its thrust to control its attitude and motion. It is achieved by using movable nozzles that can deflect the exhaust gas from the engine(s) in various directions. This allows the aircraft to perform maneuvers that would be impossible with conventional aerodynamic controls alone.

Killed by Death (song)

"Killed by Death" is a 1984 song by British heavy metal band Motörhead and was taken from their compilation album "No Remorse". It went to number 51 in the United Kingdom and was not found on any of their studio albums but found on their 1984 compilation album.

All tracks written by Lemmy, Würzel, Phil Campbell and Pete Gill.

I'll Be Your Shelter

"I'll Be Your Shelter" is a 1990 song by Taylor Dayne and is the third single from her second studio album "Can't Fight Fate". It went to number 4 in the United States and Australia, number 43 in the United Kingdom, number 33 in New Zealand and number 1 in Canada. It is a departure from her dance genre scene with more pop rock sounding.

Kaitlyn Maher

Kaitlyn Ashley Maher (born January 10, 2004) is an American singer and actress, best known for being the Youngest Top 10 Finalist on "America's Got Talent" and for her roles in movies, such as "The Search for Santa Paws", "", "Free Birds", and the "PupStar" series.

Maher was born in Novi, Michigan and currently lives in Ashburn, Virginia.

Juan Carlos Manjarrez

Juan Carlos Manjarrez (born 1 December 1980) is a Mexican archer. Carlos Manjarrez competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Erika Reyes

Erika Reyes (born 13 October 1973) is a Mexican archer. Reyes at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Full Gear (2023)

Full Gear (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 18, 2023 at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California. It was the fifth Full Gear event to take place.

The main event of the show saw MJF defeat Jay White to retain the AEW World Championship. After MJF left the arena in an ambulance after suffering an injury during the pre-show match, Adam Cole said that he would defend MJF's AEW World Championship for him. Before the match started, MJF drove the ambulance back to the arena and decided to defend the title himself. When the referee was distracted, MJF hit White with his Dynamite Diamond Ring and pinned him to win the match and retain his title.

Another notable match was a bloody and violent Texas Death match between "Hangman" Adam Page and Swerve Strickland. There was some controversy in the match for a spot where Page stapled his son's drawing to Strickland's face, ripped it off and then drank Strickland's blood before spitting it into the air. Strickland would win the match after wrapping a chain around Page's neck and hanging him until Page passed out. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" rated the match 5 stars out of 5.

Before the event, AEW owner Tony Khan said that he would be announcing a major signing for the company. During the event, it was announced that Will Ospreay had signed a contract to become a member of the AEW roster. Osprey would become a member after finishing up his contract with New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) in February 2024.

2020-21 Austrian football championship

The 2020-21 Austrian football championship was the 109th season of this competition. The highest division is the Austrian Bundesliga, which will be held for the 47th time this season . There are twelve teams for the third time since the 2018/19 season. 


Blau-Weiß Linz, the champion of the 2nd league, voluntarily gave up promotion. FC Liefering as farm teams of FC Red Bull Salzburg was not allowed to promote. The 3rd of the Second league, SK Austria Klagenfurt played 2 relegation matches versus SKN St. Pölten.

3 Years to Become a Ravermaniac

3 Years to Become a Ravermaniac is the debut studio album by DJ Hooligan. The album was released on February 8, 1995.


Boris the Spider

"Boris the Spider" is a 1966 song by English rock band The Who and is the second track from their second studio album "A Quick One". It was written by The Who's John Entwistle.

Itirapina

Itirapina is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 18,387 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 565 km. The elevation is 770 m.

The municipality has 56% of the Itirapina Ecological Station, created in 1984.

Tietê, São Paulo

Tietê is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 42,517 people lived here. Its area is 392,509 km².

It is the birthplace of the former President of the Republic Michel Temer.

Downdrafts

Downdrafts, also known as a high pressure area, clear sky area, etc. Downdrafts are winds that diverge into the ground, this can form in the atmosphere. Downdrafts are caused by a force of an invisible rotating continuously sinking to the ground, forming a downdraft. Downdrafts are usually an opposite of an Updraft, This leads the absence of clouds and precipitation, known as an Anticyclone; a continuously, invisible sinking rotating area.(for the downdraft) The cause of this is by High pressure areas, which they indicate clear skies, sunny days often come (in weather forecasts) lasting for days or weeks. It may also cause Heat wave, and due to high temperature, causing the body to struggle to regulate its temperature.

When a high pressure area is surrounded by a low pressure area, a weather phenomenon appears. due to this, when a depression or cyclone has a path leading to the downdraft area, or a group of large clouds that are low by their pressure, head towards the downdraft area, the Low pressure area becomes deflected by the Coriolis force. Large circulation scale of winds are at the center. After the formation, They are somehow large. A lack of these downdraft areas causes depressions to go where they head towards, These high pressure areas will never get updrafts, but 100% getting downdrafts. They are stationary.

These places of downdrafts cause dry weather, frequent sweats, infrequent outside activities, etc. When they go over land, Fog can form overnight, and a clear sky with no single cloud at the center. If it gets rid of your area, your place is gonna finally have clouds, which is better. Cause of extreme heat, Everybody will suffer from very high temperature, then they might even faint too, they also indicate fair weather and Droughts too.


Itapira

Itapira is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 75,234 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 518 km².

Milene Domingues

Milene Domingues Aganzo, born on June 18, 1979, is a former Brazilian soccer player who played in the midfield position.

She was born in São Paulo and played in a futsal team for models organized by the Flash Book modeling agency.. In 1994, this team formed the basis for a new women's team at SC Corinthians. 
She ended her playing career with CF Pozuelo de Alarcón. The ex-model holds the women's record for ball juggling. Until Keira Walsh moved to Barcelona for £400,000 in 2022, Domingues was the most expensive female football player in Spain, costing over £200,000. She ranked second globally, behind Pernille Harder, who was bought for £250,000.0
On the international stage, she played for the Brazil women's national football team in the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup. Her inclusion was somewhat surprising, and coach Paulo Gonçalves noted that she wasn't a top pick, stating, "Milene is coming with us, but she's like the 19th or 20th player." Even though Milene wasn't in great shape, Brazil's team selectors thought she would be noticed by the media and the public. . However, she didn't get to play in any of the four matches, and Brazil was eventually eliminated in the quarter-finals..

She did get a chance to play in Brazil's next match in April 2004, which was an unofficial friendly against the Texas A&M Aggies women's soccer team at the Aggie Soccer Stadium, under their new coach René Simões..

She was married to football star Ronaldo from April 1999 to September 2003 and they have a son named Ronald. who was born in Milan, on 6 April 2000. Because she was married to Ronaldo, some fans called her "Ronaldinha," but she didn't like it and wanted to be called Milene or Mika instead. Later, Domingues married Spanish footballer David Aganzo. She is a Buddhist.


São José do Rio Pardo

São José do Rio Pardo is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 55,124 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 419 km².

Magnificat BWV 243 / Cantata &quot;Ich habe genug&quot; BWV 82

Magnificat BWV 243 / Cantata "Ich habe genug" BWV 82 is the debut studio album by Johann Sebastian Bach. The album was released on January 18, 1995.


Vinhedo

Vinhedo is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 80,111 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 81.60 km².

Pradópolis

Pradópolis is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 21,873 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 167 km².

Palmares Paulista

Palmares Paulista is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 13,486 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 82.1 km².

Presidente Prudente

Presidente Prudente is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 230,371 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 562.8 km². It is named after the president Prudente de Morais.

Batatais

Batatais is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 62,980 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 850 km².

Angical do Piauí

Angical do Piauí is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Piauí.

Presidente Bernardes, São Paulo

Presidente Bernardes is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 13,023 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 749 km².

Pseudophilautus papillosus

Pseudophilautus papillosus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the exactly one place: Handapan Ell Plains, 1270 meters above sea level.

2021–22 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2021–22 season was the 89th season for the Austrian football club FC Red Bull Salzburg. They won the double (championship and cup). In the UEFA Champions League they reached the round of 16 for the first time in history.

Hinduism in Pakistan

Hinduism is the second biggest religion in Pakistan, with about 2.14% of the population being Hindus. This is around 4.4 million people, according to the 2017 Pakistani census. However, the Pakistan Hindu Council says there are 8-10 million Hindus, making up 4% of the population. The Umerkot district has the highest percentage of Hindus, with 52.2% of the population being Hindu. The Tharparkar district has the most Hindus in total, with 714,698 people.

Most Hindus in Pakistan live in Punjab and Sindh. They speak different languages like Sindhi, Gujarati, Tamil, Seraiki, Aer, Dhatki, and others. In rural Sindh, the diversity of beliefs often makes it hard to strictly define Hinduism, Sikhism, Buddhism, and Islam. Even though Pakistan is mostly Muslim, Sindh has a strong Hindu heritage.

Momeyer, North Carolina

Momeyer ( ) is a town in Nash County, North Carolina. It is part of the Rocky Mount, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of the town was 277 in the 2020 census.

Spanaway Junior High School shooting

A gunman opened fire at Spanaway Junior High School in Spanaway, Washington, on November 26, 1985. The attack left two people dead (two students). 

Police identified the alleged shooter as 14-year-old Heather Smith, who killed herself right after the shooting.

Ahmadiyya in Pakistan

Ahmadis in Pakistan are people who follow the Ahmadiyya religion or sect. There are different estimates, but they make up a small percentage, between 0.22% and 2.2%, of Pakistan's population. Pakistan has the largest number of Ahmadis in the world, numbering between 2 to 5 million. Rabwah in Punjab used to be their main headquarters before it was moved to England. The Ahmadiyya movement started in Qadian, and after Pakistan gained independence, Ahmadis moved to Rabwah. Some well-known Pakistanis who were Ahmadis include Abdus Salam, the country's first Nobel Prize winner, and Muhammad Zafarullah Khan, Pakistan's first foreign minister.

Ahmadis in Pakistan mainly live in the Punjab province, but you can also find them in big cities like Karachi, Islamabad, and Peshawar. Most Ahmadis belong to a united group called the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMC), led by the Khalifa. There's another group called the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement, but it's smaller, representing less than 0.2% of all Ahmadis in Pakistan and the entire world.

Kalimantan

Kalimantan is the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo. It's 73% of the island's area being 539,237.77 square kilometers (208,201 sq mi) and has about 72.1% of the population, which was around 23 million in 2020. The rest of Borneo belongs to Brunei and East Malaysia. In Indonesia, "Kalimantan" means the whole island of Borneo. The Indonesian Kalimantan is divided into five provinces. It used to be one province until 1956 when it split into three – East Kalimantan, South Kalimantan, and West Kalimantan. In 1957, Central Kalimantan became its own province. Then, on October 25, 2012, North Kalimantan separated from East Kalimantan, making it five provinces.

In 2019, Indonesia's President Joko Widodo suggested moving the capital to Kalimantan, and in January 2022, the Indonesian government agreed to the idea. The move is expected to take around 10 years.

Kalimantan is a big place, covering 539,237.77 square kilometers. The three main groups of people there are the Banjarese, Dayak, and Javanese, making up 26.31%, 21.78%, and 18.18% of the population. Most people follow Sunni Islam (87%), but there's also a significant Christian population (10%).

Nellie Bowles

Nellie Bowles is an American journalist. She used to work for The New York Times and wrote about Elon Musk and other people involved in technology. She was also very critical of Dr. Jordan Peterson. Bowles is a lesbian and married to Bari Weiss. Bowles converted to Judaism after marrying Weiss. Bowles works with Weiss at her website, The Free Press. When Steven Crowder's wife accused him of Emotional abuse, Bowles said that Crowder was finally getting " his comeuppance.

Crossodactylus werneri

Crossodactylus werneri is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it in parts of Serra da Mantiqueira in Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro, and São Paulo.

Polypedates

Polypedates is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae, subfamily Rhacophorinae. People call them whipping frogs in English. They live in eastern and southern Asia.

Scientists have disagreed about whether these frogs should be called "Polypedates" or "Rhacophorus". molecular phylogenetic studies show that they are two different groups of frogs and not the same group. "Polypedates" and "Taruga" are considered to be the sister taxon of "Feihyla" and "Rhacophorus".

These species are in the genus "Polypedates", and scientists find more often:


The recently described "Polypedates bijui" has now been renamed as "Beddomixalus bijui", the only species in its genus.

Pyron & Wiens (2011) say that the frogs are related to each other this way. 8 species are included. "Polypedates" is a sister group of "Feihyla". Together, "Polypedates" and "Feihyla" form a sister group to "Rhacophorus".
Another group of scientists, Kuraishi, et al. (2013), say the frogs are related to each other this way. "Polypedates" and "Rhacophorus" are estimated to have split off from their most recent common ancestor 26.6 million years ago during the Oligocene. 

Great Seal of the Philippines

The Great Seal of the Philippines (Filipino: "Dakilang Sagisag ng Pilipinas)" is a special mark used on important government papers in the Philippines. It can be the physical seal or the design on it. The law says that the President of the Philippines takes care of the seal. According to Republic Act No. 8491, the Great Seal should be round and have the same design as the national Coat of Arms. Around the arms, there's a double circle with the official name of the Philippines in Filipino. The color of the arms doesn't matter, but it should be shown in a specific way. The Great Seal must also have the national motto of the Philippines. It's put on all commissions signed by the President and other important papers of the Philippines, as needed by the law or tradition. The President keeps the Great Seal.

Bhagavata Mela

Bhagavata Mela is a classical Indian dance that is performed in Tamil Nadu, particularly the Thanjavur area. It is choreographed as an annual Vaishnavism tradition in Melattur and nearby regions, and celebrated as a dance-drama performance art. The dance art has roots in a historic movement of practitioners of Kuchipudi, another Indian classical dance art, from Andhra Pradesh to the kingdom of Tanjavur.

The term "Bhagavata", state Brandon and Banham, refers to the Hindu text "Bhagavata Purana". "Mela" is a Sanskrit word that means "gathering, meeting of a group" and suggests a folk festival. The traditional Bhagavata Mela performance acts out the legends of Hinduism, set to the Carnatic style music.

Harshita Saxena

Harshita Saxena was crowned Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2008 in Mumbai on 5 April 2008. She had participated in the contest as a regional contestant in Goa and was selected for the main event in December 2007. She was allowed a direct entry to the Miss India 2008 finals on 5 April 2008 as a regional winner.


Rogan josh

Rogan josh (), also spelled roghan josh or roghan ghosht, is an aromatic curried meat dish originating from Kashmir.

Suman Rao

Suman Ratan Singh Rao (born 23 November 1998) is an Indian model and beauty pageant title holder who was crowned Femina Miss India 2019. She represented India at the Miss World 2019 pageant in ExCeL London in United Kingdom, and was crowned as the 2nd runner-up and as Miss World Asia.

Ashok Banker

Ashok Kumar Banker (born 7 February 1964 in Mumbai, India) is an author and screenwriter. His writing spans crime thrillers, essays, literary criticism, fiction and mythological retellings. The author of several well-received novels including a trilogy billed as "India's first crime novels in English", he became widely known for his retellings of Indian mythological epics, starting with the internationally acclaimed and best-selling eight-volume "Ramayana" Series.

 
Armando Sadiku

Armando Durim Sadiku (born 27 May 1991) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Indian Super League club Mohun Bagan SG and the Albania national team.


Sarla Thukral

Sarla Thukral (8 August 1914 – 15 March 2008) was the first Indian women to fly aircraft.

Shalu Kurian

Shalu Susan Kurian is an Indian actress who has worked in Malayalam and Tamil-language television productions. She is known for her work on the television series "Chandanamazha", which aired on Asianet.

Raghav Juyal

Raghav Juyal (born 10 July 1991) is an Indian dancer, choreographer, actor and television presenter. He is known as the "King of Slow Motion" for his surreal dance moves in slow motion style and for his reinvention of the Slow Motion Walk in India."" He was a contestant on "" (2016).


Ganesh Acharya

Ganesh Acharya is an Indian choreographer, film director, and actor who prominently works in Bollywood.

He won the National Film Award for Best Choreography for his work on the songs "Hawan Kund" from Bhaag Milkha Bhaag (2013) and "Gori tu lath mar" from (2017). At the 61st Filmfare Awards, he was nominated for Best Choreographer for his song "Malhaari" from Bajirao Mastani (2015).


Aaryan Banthia

Aaryan Banthia (born 12 February 1994) is an Indian singer-guitarist, composer and record producer presently based in Mumbai, and linked with the Zee Music Company for his latest releases. He released his first single "Yaadein'" the year in October 2019.

Banthia was born12 February 1994 in Kolkata, West Bengal. At age 14, his father bought him an Indian made Hobner acoustic Guitar. He from Cardiff Metropolitan University in Wales, where he began performing as a singer at university venues. He then decided to become a professional musician. After returning to India, Banthia released his first single "Yaadein" with Zee Music Company.

Naveen-ul-Haq

Naveen-ul-Haq Murid (born 23 September 1999) is an Afghan cricketer. He made his international debut for the Afghanistan cricket team in September 2016.

Naveen made his first-class debut for Kabul Region in the 2018 Ahmad Shah Abdali 4-day Tournament on 7 March 2018.

In August 2019, Naveen was named in Afghanistan's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for the 2019–20 Bangladesh Tri-Nation Series. He made his T20I debut for Afghanistan, against Bangladesh, on 21 September 2019. In September 2021, he was named in Afghanistan's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.

Sourav Mukhopadhyay

Sourav Mukhopadhyay (Bengali:সৌরভ মুখোপাধ্যায়; born 24 April 1973) is a Bengali author from India. He has written several Bengali stories and novels for both adults and children. He is mostly admired for his novel "Prothom Prabaho" (Bengali: প্রথম প্রবাহ ), 


Sourav won second prize at a competition for comic stories organized by "Desh". In 2010, he won first prize. in a similar competition, organized by "Kishore Bharati".

Sourav was awarded "Sandipan Chattapadhyay Sammanana (Krittibas Puroskar)", for his novel "Prothom Probaho."


Wael Ghonim

Wael Ghonim born 23 December 1980) is an Internet activist and computer engineer with an interest in social entrepreneurship.

Ghonim topped "Time" magazine's yearly list of the world's 100 most influential people. On 26 April, he arrived in New York to be honored at the 2011 Time 100 Gala ceremony where he began his speech with a moment of silence to mark those killed in protests around the Arab world.

On 3 May, World Press Freedom Day, Wael Ghonim was awarded with the Press Freedom prize from the Swedish division of Reporters Without Borders.

Ghonim also received the JFK Profile in Courage Award. On 23 May, Caroline Kennedy, daughter of President John F. Kennedy, presented the awards to Elizabeth Redenbaugh and Wael Ghonim, who was named a recipient on behalf of "the people of Egypt". Kennedy said she could think of no better recipients.

Paul Provenza

Paul Provenza (born July 31, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian and actor.

Provenza was born and grew up in the Pelham Parkway section of the Bronx, New York City. He graduated in 1975 from the Bronx High School of Science. In high school, he started performing stand-up comedy, making his stage debut at age 17 at the original The Improv in Manhattan. He continued performing while attending the University of Pennsylvania, taking a year's leave of absence to study in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.

In 1994, he joined the cast of "Northern Exposure" as Dr. Phil Capra, replacement for a rebellious Joel Fleischman (Rob Morrow). Due to haphazard scripts and schedule shuffling, the job was a less-than-ideal opportunity and "Northern Exposure" went off the air in 1995.

At around the same time, Provenza was involved in a Penn & Teller special entitled "Phobophilia: The Love of Fear". He would later work again with Penn Jillette as co-director of "The Aristocrats", a documentary tracing the life of an extremely off-color joke of the same name.


Forbidden Door (2022)

Forbidden Door (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view co-promoted by All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It was held on June 26, 2022 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. It was the first event to take place and the first event that AEW and NJPW have held together. This was also the first professional wrestling event held at the United Center since 2000 when World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held Spring Stampede in the arena.

The main event of the show saw Jon Moxley defeat Hiroshi Tanahashi to become the new interim AEW World Championship. Moxley would put Tanahashi in a rear naked choke before hitting his "Paradigm Shift" and getting the pinfall victory to become the new interim AEW World Champion.

During the event, Bryan Danielson announced Zack Sabre Jr.'s hand-picked opponent. The opponent was revealed to be Claudio Castagnoli who made his unannounced AEW debut. He would go on to defeat Sabre Jr. at the event after hitting him with his Ricola Bomb.

Forbidden Door (2023)

Forbidden Door (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view co-promoted by All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It was held on June 25, 2023 at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ontario. It was the second event to take place. The event was the first PPV held outside of the United States and NJPW's first PPV in Canada. This was also the first non-WWE professional wrestling event held at the arena since November 21, 1999 when World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held Mayhem at the then-Air Canada Centre.

The main event of the show saw Bryan Danielson defeat Kazuchika Okada. Danielson would trap Okada in an omoplata and then transfer into his LeBell lock to make Okada to tap out, getting the submission victory. During the match, Danielson suffered a legitimate fracture in his elbow after a top rope diving elbow drop from Okada landed on his arm.

The event recieved very positive receptions from fans and critics. The IWGP U.S. Championship match, International Championship match, 10-man tag team match, and Danielson-Okada main event all recieved praise. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" rated the IWGP U.S. Championship match between Kenny Omega & Will Ospreay 6 stars out of 5, making it the highest rated match in AEW history at that time. Meltzer said that the match was one of the greatest matches in the history of AEW.

Antonio Sastre

Antonio Sastre (27 April 1911 – 23 November 1987) was an Argentine footballer who played most of his career for Club Atlético Independiente and São Paulo of Brazil. He is one of the 24 players inducted into the Argentine Football Association Hall of Fame. Sastre was an all-round midfielder who could play well almost anywhere on the pitch due to his intelligence and versatility. Sastre became famous as one of the most virtuoso players in history, playing in various sectors of the field, including as an improvised goalkeeper, and described as always performing great, no matter what position he played. He was effective on the wings, accurate as a striker, secure as a defender and always supportive of his teammates, being considered a modern player of the 1930s. Sastre is also known as one of the first true playmakers of the pre-war era and he is regarded as one of the best playmakers of all time. Sastre won 11 titles at club level, and 2 international championships with the Argentina national team. 

Antonio Sastre, born in 1911 in Lomas de Zamora, in the province of Buenos Aires, began his football career in Avellaneda with CA Independiente. The midfielder made 1931 league appearances for Independiente between 1942 with 340 appearances, scoring 112 goals. Antonio Sastre was part of Independiente's team in the 1930s, with players such as Arsenio Erico and Vicente de la Mata, who won the club's first ever Argentine championship in 1938. In the Primera División, they were in first place at the end of all matchdays, two points ahead of defending champions River Plate. The following year, they were able to defend this title and once again move to the top of the table, this time with a six-point lead over River Plate and CA Huracán, who are level on points. After that, the first great years of Independiente Avellaneda were over for the time being, it took until 1948 before the club could win a league title again. At that point, however, Antonio Sastre had not been at the Estadio La doble Visera for a long time. The playmaker left the club in 1942 after eleven years and 340 games in the league.

Antonio Sastre's new employer was Brazilian club FC São Paulo. The midfielder was under contract in Brazil for four years from 1942 to 1946. During these four years, Sastre won the title of the State Championship of São Paulo three times with his club. In 1943, 1945 and 1946 they were victorious in this competition. However, since there was no uniform championship in Brazil at the time, Antonio Sastre did not have the opportunity to add a Brazilian championship to his Argentine championship title. In 1946, Sastre returned to São Paulo after making 129 appearances in the state championship, scoring a total of 58 goals.

He then returned to his native Argentina, where he played for Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata in the Primera B. With Gimnasia y Esgrima, Sastre finished his career in first place in the second division, which meant promotion to the Primera División. After the 1947 season in the second division, Antonio Sastre ended his football career at the age of 36.

Between 1933 and 1941, Antonio Sastre won a total of 34 caps for the Argentine national football team. He scored six goals in the process. In his national team career, Sastre managed to win the Copa América twice. At the Campeonato Sudamericano 1937 on home soil, they won the decider against Brazil 2-0 after extra time, which earned them their first title in the competition in eight years. Antonio Sastre celebrated a second success in the Copa América in the 1941 edition, when they secured first place in Chile with a two-point lead over their eternal rivals of those years, Uruguay. After this South American Championship, Antonio Sastre's national team career ended after 34 appearances. Like many other players of his generation, however, he was denied participation in a World Cup. Argentina competed in Italy in 1934 with only amateurs, after which it took 24 years before they reached the World Cup again.
Independiente

Sao Paulo

Gimnasia y Esgrima LP

Argentina

Injustice League

The Injustice League are a series of unrelated villainous counterparts to the Justice League. The team appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. Their original team was formed by Agamemno during "The Silver Age". Major Disaster led his own version of the team to fight Justice League International, although they were deputized by Maxwell Lord as Justice League Antarctica. Lex Luthor, the Joker and Cheetah established their own much larger organization as Injustice League Unlimited. The "Injustice League" were created by Keith Giffen and J.M. DeMatteis, first appearing in "Justice League International" #23. (1989) Historically, the first team called Injustice League of America, wasn't a DC Comics group, but a team of Dynomutt villains in the 14th episode of his TV show.

Flash (Jay Garrick)

Jay Garrick is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster and the original super-hero known as the Flash. He was a Golden Age character who first appeared during World War II as a member of the Justice Society of America and the All-Star Squadron. His earliest adventures in Keystone City took place on Earth-Two, although he was introduced into mainstream continuity during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths". Garrick's career inspired his successor, Barry Allen to become the second Flash. They teamed up on many occasions, along with Kid Flash and other members of the Flash Family. As one of the oldest surviving super-heroes, he continues to fight against evil and acts as a mentor to the younger generation. Joan Williams is his wife of many years whom he currently lives with.

"Jay Garrick" was created by Gardner Fox and Harry Lampert, first appearing in "Flash Comics" #1 (1940).

he character made its live-action debut as a cameo in the television series "Smallville", played by Billy Mitchell. John Wesley Shipp later appears as a recurring character in the Arrowverse The CW television series "The Flash", and in a guest capacity in the unrelated television series "Stargirl".

Flash (Barry Allen)

Bartholomew Henry <nowiki>"Barry"</nowiki> Allen is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster and the second superhero known as The Flash. In his secret identity he is a police officer working in Central City as a forensics specialist. His legacy is the Flash Family, he was inspired by Jay Garrick of the Justice Society and has been succeeded by Kid Flash (Wally West) and Impulse (Bart Allen). Barry's running generates the Speed Force, an enigmatic source of energy that all other speedsters tap into throughout time. There is an ever-present danger that as fast as he runs, he might lose himself as he approaches speeds closer to light, but his lightning rod is his wife Iris West. Although he died sacrificing himself to save the universe during "Crisis on Infinite Earths", he was resurrected during "Final Crisis" and is now working alongside the full Flash Family as of "Rebirth". He was also a founding member of the Justice League of America.

"Barry Allen" was created by Robert Kanigher, John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "Showcase" #4 (1956).

Barry Allen has been featured in several media, first appearing in animated form in the 1967 "The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure" and then in the related "Super Friends" program. Since then he has appeared in several DC Universe Animated Original Movies. Actor John Wesley Shipp portrayed the character in the live-action 1990s television show "The Flash" and the Arrowverse. The character was portrayed by Grant Gustin in the Arrowverse shows in a main capacity, especially the 2014 television series "The Flash", while Ezra Miller portrayed the character in the DC Extended Universe movies "", "Suicide Squad", "Justice League", the director's cut "Zack Snyder's Justice League", the Arrowverse event "Crisis on Infinite Earths", the HBO Max series "Peacemaker", and the 2023 movie "The Flash".

Wally West

Wallace Rudolph <nowiki>"Wally"</nowiki> West is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster, the original superhero known as Kid Flash and the third character known as The Flash. His mentor was the second Flash, Barry Allen, who took him on as a sidekick after accidentally duplicating an experiment that had given him powers. Iris West, his aunt, is married to Barry. As a member of the Flash Family he has also worked with the other Flashes, Jay Garrick and Bart Allen. Wally's wife is Linda Park, who he has dubbed his "lightning rod"; their love enabling Wally to be the first person to ever enter the Speed Force and return. Wally has two children with her, twins Jai and Iris. Wally first became the Flash after the "Crisis on Infinite Earths", but he has been working alongside the other three since the events of "The Flash: Rebirth". He is a founding member of the Teen Titans and a member of the Justice League of America.

In the "New 52" reboot, the cousin of the original Wally West with the same name appears, and is initially portrayed as a teenage delinquent meeting the Flash for the first time, and eventually goes on to gain Speed Force powers of his own. The original Wally West makes his return in "DC Rebirth" as The Flash, whilst his younger cousin becomes the new Kid Flash.

"Wally West" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #110. (1960) "Wallace West" was created by Van Jensen, Robert Venditti, Ron Frenz, and Brett Booth, first appearing in "The Flash Annual" (Volume 4) #3. (2014)

Wally West has appeared in many other forms of media and was featured as the incarnation of the Flash in the Cartoon Network series "Justice League", voiced by Michael Rosenbaum, and the 2010 film "Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths", voiced by Josh Keaton. As Kid Flash, he appeared in Cartoon Network's "Teen Titans" series voiced again by Michael Rosenbaum and subsequently in the "Young Justice" series where he was voiced by Jason Spisak.

Kid Flash

Kid Flash is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are speedsters and sidekicks to The Flash, and members of the Flash Family. Their costume have the reverse color scheme of their mentor. Originally the character behind the mask was Wally West, the nephew of Barry Allen, who received his super-speed powers in an identical accident to his adult counterpart. West was Kid Flash for many years until Barry was killed during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and Wally graduated to assume his position. The second version is Bart Allen, a descendant of the Allen Family from the 30th Century who traveled back to our time as Impulse before graduating to his current title. The third and current version is Wallace "Ace" West, the cousin of the original Kid Flash, who has the same name as him. They have all been regular members of the Teen Titans while using this alias and the third has been a member of Defiance.

"Kid Flash" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #110 (1959).

The Wally West Kid Flash was first adapted for live action in the Arrowverse family of TV shows, played by Keiynan Lonsdale.

Flash Family

The Flash Family is an informal group centered around the legacy of the Flash, a famous speedster and hero who protects Central City and Keystone City. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. Nine people have taken up the mantle of the Flash: Jay Garrick, Barry Allen, Wally West, Ivana Molotova, Eobard Thawne, Jesse Chambers, Bart Allen, Avery Ho and Hunter Zolomon.

Ricardo Rojas

Ricardo Rojas (born 4 April 1959) is a Mexican archer. Rojas competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Aída Román

Aída Nabila Román Arroyo (born May 21, 1988) is a Mexican archer. Román competed at the 2008, 2012, 2016, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Mister Terrific (character)

Mister Terrific is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a super-hero legacy character, a man who's supposed to be great at everything. Terry Sloane was the original version, a self-made millionaire, olympic-level athlete and martial artist who became a vigilante during the Golden Age to fight crime and act as a good role model. Michael Holt is his successor, also the third smartest man on the planet. The character is associated with being a member of the Justice Society of America.

"Mister Terrific" was created by Charles Reizenstein and Hal Sharp, first appearing in "Sensation Comics" #1. (1942)

Edi Gathegi will play Michael Holt / Mister Terrific in the DC Universe (DCU) movie "Superman".

Tibetan script

The Tibetan script is a way of writing that is used for different Tibetic languages like Tibetan, Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Balti, Ladakhi, and Purgi. It's also been used for some languages not from Tibet but close to its culture, like Thakali, Sanskrit and Old Turkic. The printed form is called uchen script, and the cursive form used for everyday writing is called umê script. People use this writing system in the Himalayas and Tibet.

The script is closely connected to the Tibetan identity, which includes people from areas in India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, and Tibet. The Tibetan script comes from the Gupta script.

In Tibetan writing, the syllables go from left to right, and a mark called a tsek (་) separates syllables. Because many Tibetan words have only one syllable, this mark is almost like a space. They don't use spaces to separate words.

The Tibetan alphabet has thirty main letters, also called "radicals," for consonants. Like in other Indic scripts, each consonant letter has a built-in vowel, which is /a/. The letter ཨ is also the starting point for adding extra vowel marks.

Even though some Tibetan dialects have tones, the language didn't have tones when they made the script. There are no special symbols for tones. But because tones came from certain features in the language, you can usually tell the tone by looking at how Tibetan words were spelled in the past.

When the Tibetan alphabet is used to write languages like Balti, Chinese, and Sanskrit, they sometimes add or change letters from the regular Tibetan alphabet to show different sounds.

Bhinneka Tunggal Ika

Bhinneka Tunggal Ika (English: "It is different, [yet] it is one") is Indonesia's official national motto. It's written on the emblem of Indonesia, called the Garuda Pancasila. The phrase means "Unity in Diversity" in Old Javanese. This motto is also in Indonesia's Constitution, in article 36A. It talks about Indonesia being united and whole even though it has many cultures, languages, ethnicities, religions, and beliefs.

The words come from an Old Javanese poem called Kakawin Sutasoma, written by Mpu Tantular, a famous poet in Javanese Literature during the time of the Majapahit empire in the 14th century. King Rājasanagara, also known as Hayam Wuruk, was ruling then.

North Maluku

North Maluku is a province in Indonesia that includes the northern part of the Maluku Islands. It is surrounded by the Pacific Ocean to the north, the Halmahera Sea to the east, the Molucca Sea to the west, and the Seram Sea to the south. It shares borders with other Indonesian provinces and countries like North Sulawesi, Southeast Sulawesi, Central Sulawesi, Maluku, Southwest Papua, Palau, and the Philippines. The capital is Sofifi on Halmahera Island, and the largest city is Ternate. In 2010, about 1 million people lived there, but by 2020, the population increased to around 1.3 million.

In the past, North Maluku was a significant area with Islamic sultanates. When Europeans arrived in the 16th century, there was competition between the Portuguese, Spanish, and Dutch for control. Eventually, the Dutch took over and ruled for three centuries. During World War II, the Japanese occupied the region. After Indonesia became independent, North Maluku became part of the Maluku province.

The official establishment of the North Maluku province was in 1999, separating from Maluku. Ternate was its capital until 2010, when it moved to Sofifi. The economy mainly depends on agriculture, fisheries, and marine products like copra, nutmeg, cloves, and gold. Agricultural products include rice, corn, sweet potatoes, beans, coconut, and more.

In 2020, North Maluku had about 1.3 million people, and it's estimated to have grown a bit more in 2022. The largest population is in South Halmahera Regency, with over 248,000 people, followed by Ternate city with around 205,000. The smallest population is in Central Halmahera Regency with about 56,800. The region's average annual population growth is 2.07%, with Morotai Island Regency growing the fastest at 3.40% per year and Ternate growing the slowest at 0.96% per year. North Maluku is not very crowded, with 40 people per square kilometer in 2020. Ternate is the most crowded place with 1,840 people per square kilometer, while East Halmahera Regency is less crowded with only 14 people per square kilometer.

North Maluku has many different ethnic groups and languages—about 28 in total. They can be grouped into Austronesian and Papuan language families. Austronesian groups live in the central and eastern parts of Halmahera, while Papuan-speaking ethnic groups dominate North and West Halmahera. In the Sula Islands, there are more ethnic groups. Most people here can speak Ternate Malay.

The majority of people in North Maluku are Muslim, and there's a significant Christian (mostly Protestant) minority. A small part of the population follows Hinduism, Buddhism, or other religions. According to 2017 data, about 75% practice Islam, almost 24% are Protestant, and the rest follow Catholicism, Hinduism, Buddhism, or other beliefs.

Matti Charlton

Madison Matti Charlton (born July 6, 1990), known as Matti Charlton, is a Canadian music producer, author, and publisher. They are transgender and active in 2SLGBTQIA+ rights in Toronto.

Matti is a director of the Church Wellesley Neighborhood Association.

Matti was creative director of The Telephasic Workshop, an art studio in Toronto, and brought changes to the University of Toronto's Engineering Student Union (SKULE).

Winner of the LGBT Youth Line Award in 2004. Matti’s poetry collection “the cosmology of love” is ranked on BookAuthority’s list at number 50. Their writings can be found in the ArQuives, Canada’s National LGBTQ2S+ archives.

Matti authored the 2023 children’s book "You’re Mine", reviewed by Phil Paine, winner of the 2023 Dalton Camp Award.

Updraft

Updrafts lead to the formation of clouds.
Clouds that form in the air are called updrafts, known as converging air, are caused by the dew point. Warm water evaporates, then condenses, forming clouds. 

From the dew point, the water can evaporate to gas, called water vapor. Visible or invisible gas rises to the air, forming these cotton candy-like white or gray clouds in the air. 

Evaporation is caused by: 
1. Solar energy
2. Kinetic energy

After the warm, moist air reaches the atmosphere, it transforms. Condensation occurs when warm, moist air reaches where the clouds are, the air cools down then becomes a cloud. 

1. Cirrus cloud
2. Cumulus cloud
3. Stratus cloud

Precipitation clouds
1. Cumulonimbus cloud
2. Nimbostratus cloud

Middle-altitude clouds
1. Altocirrus cloud
2. Altocumulus cloud
3. Altostratus cloud

Dew points depend on evaporation and the point that something freezes, might be the most important item, the dew point is affected on air humidity, the more moisture, the higher the dew point.


Nanakshahi calendar

The Nanakshahi calendar is a solar calendar used in Sikhism. It's based on the "Barah Maha" (Twelve months), a composition by Sikh gurus that talks about natureal changes in the twelve-month cycle of the year. The year starts with the month of Chet, and 1 Chet is on 14 March. The calendar's starting point is the birth of Guru Nanak Dev in 1469 CE. It's called the Nanakshahi Calendar after the founder of Sikhism, Guru Nanak Dev Ji.

Following are the 12 months of the Nanakshahi Calendar:

Balinese saka calendar

The Balinese saka calendar is a Lunar calendar used by the Balinese people. It is one of two calendars used in Bali, Indonesia. Unlike the other 210-day Pawukon calendar, it follows the phases of the Moon and is almost as long as the solar year of the Gregorian calendar. The saka year has twelve months called 'sasih' in Balinese, each with 30 days. However, since the lunar cycle is a bit shorter than 30 days and the lunar year is 354 or 355 days long, the calendar is adjusted to stay in sync with the lunar and solar cycles.

The Balinese Hindu festival Nyepi, also called the day of silence, signals the beginning of the Saka year. On Tilem Kepitu, the last day of the 7th month, there is Siva Ratri, a night dedicated to the god Shiva. People who follow this tradition stay awake all night and meditate. Throughout the Saka year, there are 24 more ceremonial days, usually celebrated during Purnama.

Following are the 12 months of the Balinese Saka calendar:


More Johnny's Greatest Hits

More Johnny's Greatest Hits is a 1959 greatest hits album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 22 June, 1959 through Columbia Records and went to number 2 in the United States. It contains mostly A-sides and B-sides.



On the UK version of "More Johnny's Greatest Hits", "Teacher, Teacher" was replaced with "The Best of Everything", which made its U.S. compilation debut five years later on "I'll Search My Heart and Other Great Hits".

San José del Cabo

San José del Cabo ("Saint Joseph of the Cape") is a city in the Baja California Sur state in southern Mexico. 136,285 people lived here at the 2020 census. San José del Cabo together with Cabo San Lucas are known as Los Cabos.

The two cities are served by Los Cabos International Airport.

Seyed Mohammad Ghasemian

Seyed Mohammad Ghasemian ( born April 4, 1995, Yasuj) is an Iranian writer, director, artistic director and producer of Iranian TV.

Seyyed Mohammad Ghasemian was born in Yasuj, Iran. He has a master's degree in theater directing and is currently a doctoral student in higher education management. Seyyed Mohammad Ghasemian started his professional career in television in 2014 with the special program of the Nowruz on the IRIB TV1. After that, Seyed Mohammad Ghasemian was able to create a successful experience for himself by working in the program "Asre Khanevade" of IRIB TV2.

The chosen photographer of the 8th International World Trade Conference (DECO 2015) 

Gómez Palacio, Durango

Gómez Palacio is a city in northeastern Durango, Mexico. It is near to the border of the state of Coahuila. The city was named in honor of Francisco Gómez Palacio y Bravo, former Governor of Durango. In 2010, 327,985 people lived there, which makes it the state's second-largest community.

Chilpancingo

Chilpancingo or Chilpancingo de los Bravo is the capital and second-largest city in the state of Guerrero, Mexico. In 2010, 187,251 people lived there.

Campeche, Campeche

Campeche or San Francisco de Campeche is the capital city in the state of Campeche, Mexico. In 2010, 220,389 people lived there.

AD 2101

2101 (MMCI) will be a common year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar. Many upcoming events or what the world will look like have been predicted. It will be the 1st year of the 22nd century.

AD 2102

2102 (MMCII) will be a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar. Many upcoming events or what the world will look like have been predicted. 

Funke Adeoye

Oluwafunke Adeoye (Popularly known as Funke Adeoye) is a Nigerian Lawyer, Human rights defender, and Social Innovator.
She is the Founder and Executive Director of Hope Behind Bars Africa, an organization that promotes human rights and criminal justice reforms using legal aid, research, evidence based advocacy and tech.

Funke pioneered Made in Corrections, a social enterprise aimed at preventing recidivism by empowering incarcerated women and young persons in Nigeria.

Adeoye was born in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, but she grew up in Lagos. She holds an LLB from University of Benin and has attended two flagship programs for non-profit leaders at Lagos Business School (LBS) and masters in International Human Rights Law at University of Oxford.

Adeoye started as a legal Associate at Olumide Sofowora SAN Chambers. She transited into the social justice space when she moved to Abuja and began volunteering for Amnesty International.

She founded Hope behind bars Africa in 2018, an organization that provides free legal services and direct support to indigent individuals in contact with the criminal justice system while promoting reforms through research, evidence-based advocacy and technology. Over 7,000 justice-involved individuals has benefitted from their interventions. She has championed several campaigns including the campaign to decriminalize poverty.

Funke facilitated the capacity development training of over 300 grassroot organizations on regulatory compliance. She also engaged the Upper Chamber of Nigeria’s parliament on the Companies and Allied Matters Act 2020, a legislation that could impact negatively on the civic space.

In 2021, after the ban on Twitter by Nigerian government's, she led the campaign at ECOWAS Court to uplift the ban.

She Co-authored “Legal Representation for Indigent Pre-trial Detainees” that gained recognition from Federal Ministry of Justice and Legal Aid Council.

She is a 2019 LEAP Africa Social Innovation Fellow, a 2022 CivicHive fellow and a One Young World Ambassador. She is also a (TFAA ) Future Africa Finalist for Advocacy , a 100 Leading Ladies Africa Honoree and a 2023 Acumen West Africa Fellow. She won the Dragons Den Prize at Unleash Plus Innovation Bootcamp in Mysore, India.

In 2023, She won Global Citizen Prize and was selected for the prestigious Mandela Washington Fellowship and was listed by Attic London as one of the lawyers changing the world for the better in 2020.

Funke christian faith positively impacts on her zeal to fight for incarcerated persons. She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, with her husband and two sons.

Heaven Knows (Robert Plant song)

"Heaven Knows" is a 1988 song by Robert Plant and is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Now and Zen". It went to number 33 in the United Kingdom, number 19 in New Zealand and number 32 in Australia. It topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

South Kalimantan

South Kalimantan is a province in Indonesia, located in the Kalimantan region of Borneo. It's the smallest province in this area. The capital was Banjarmasin until February 15, 2022, when it legally moved to Banjarbaru. About 4.18 million people lived there in mid-2022. The province is surrounded by the Makassar Strait to the east, Central Kalimantan to the west and north, the Java Sea to the south, and East Kalimantan to the north. It includes Pulau Laut, an island off the eastern coast of Kalimantan. South Kalimantan is the cultural center of the Banjarese people, the traditional inhabitants, and also home to other groups like the Dayaks and Javanese who migrated due to historical programs.

In the past, South Kalimantan was part of local kingdoms and later became tributes to the Sultanate of Mataram in the 17th century. It was then colonized by the Dutch East Indies and the Japanese Empire until Indonesia gained independence in 1945. South Kalimantan is often called the Land of Lambung Mangkurat, named after the second king of the Kingdom of Dipa, an early precursor to the Banjar Sultanate.

The Banjar Sultanate flourished in the early 17th century, mainly trading pepper, and regions of Borneo paid tribute to the Sultanate. Previously, Banjar paid tribute to the Demak Sultanate, but this changed after the fall of Demak and the rise of Pajang. Attempts by Java, led by Tuban in 1615, to conquer Banjarmasin failed due to strong resistance. Sultan Agung of Mataram expanded his power by defeating the northern coast cities of Java. In 1622, the Mataram Sultanate aimed to occupy kingdoms in south, southwest, and southeast Borneo.

The Dutch later took over the Banjar Sultanate's territory, placing it under the Residency of South and Eastern Borneo. During World War II, the Japanese invaded Borneo, capturing Bandjermasin, the capital. After the war, the Dutch recognized Indonesia's sovereignty in 1949, withdrawing from the region. South Kalimantan became part of the Indonesian province of Kalimantan, but in 1956, it was divided into West Kalimantan and South Kalimantan for greater autonomy for the Dayak population. The Indonesian Government approved this change in 1957, creating Central Kalimantan as the seventeenth province of Indonesia.

The largest group in South Kalimantan is the Banjar (74.34%), divided into three groups: Banjar Kuala, Banjar Pahuluan, and Banjar Batang Banyu. In 2010, there were 4.1 million Banjar people, with about 3 million living in South Kalimantan, 1 million in other Kalimantan provinces, and 500,000 outside Kalimantan. The Banjar originated from various rivers like Bahan, Barito, Martapura, and Tabanio, and they have migrated extensively across the archipelago and even to Madagascar.

The second-largest ethnic group is the Javanese (14.51%) living in transmigration areas. Another group, the Tionghoa Parit, is a sub-group of Chinese Indonesians residing in the Parit river area. The Chinese in Banjarmasin are known as Cina Parit by the Banjar people, and they live in Chinatown, including Pacinan Laut Village and Pacinan Darat Village.

The Dayak, the original inhabitants, are in the Meratus Mountains region and along the Barito River to Central Kalimantan. Islam is the main religion, followed by about 96% of the population. There are also Christian, Hindu, and Buddhist communities, along with the Kaharingan belief practiced by the Dayak people around the Meratus Mountains.

North Kalimantan

North Kalimantan () is a province of Indonesia. It is on the northernmost of Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo. The capital city is Tanjung Selor and the largest city is Tarakan.

Tanjung Selor

Tanjung Selor is a city in Indonesia. It is the capital of the North Kalimantan province. 56,569 people lived here at the 2020 Census.

Central Papua

Central Papua is a province in Indonesia located in the central part of Western New Guinea. It was officially established on November 11, 2022, and covers an area of 61,072.92 km square. It shares borders with West Papua to the west, Papua to the north and northeast, Highland Papua to the east, and South Papua to the southeast. The administrative capital is in Wanggar District, Nabire Regency, with Timika being a larger town.

Central Papua is surrounded by seas in the north and south. Nabire, in the northern part, offers opportunities for marine tourism, featuring coral reefs, white sandy islands, and natural habitats for whale sharks. The southern part, mostly swampy terrain, includes the port of Amamapare and Timika, the largest town. The central region is marked by the Jayawijaya Mountains, housing the snow-capped Puncak Jaya, Indonesia's highest peak, and the Grasberg gold mine operated by Freeport Indonesia.

Since the 18th century, the Mimika region in western Papua has been influenced by the Tidore Sultanate's "Uli Siwa" on the south-west coast. The Koiwai, Kamoro, and Asmat groups played a significant role, engaging in trade for slaves, ironwares, clothes, and body ornaments. This influence introduced Moluccan titles and Islamic culture, like wearing turbaned hats and abstaining from pork until the 1950s.

The interior of Central Papua is home to tribes like Mee (Ekari) and Moni, known for traditional practices like farming, pig-raising, fishing, and feasting. They use mege currency made from shells. Discovered in the 1930s, these tribes lived around three large lakes—Paniai, Tigi, and Tage. The Dutch named the region Wisselmeeren but later adopted the name Paniai after the colonial era.

After the Round Table Conference in 1949, Dutch New Guinea became an overseas province, with Central New Guinea as one of its districts. In 1954, it was temporarily supervised by the Resident of Geelvinkbaai. In July 2022, Indonesian President Joko Widodo passed a law establishing Central Papua Province. The Wate Tribe community supports Nabire as the capital, with plans for a central government facility and a new airport in Wanggar. The airport project, initiated in 2019, faced delays due to budget shortages.

Nabire is home to coastal tribes like Yaur, Wate, Mora, Umari, Goa, and Yerisiam. In the mountainous areas, there are tribes like Moi, Mee, and Auye. The region around Paniai Lakes has tribes like Moni and Wolani. Moving east to the Jayawijaya Mountains, you find Amungme, Damalme, Wano, Dani, Lani, and Nduga. The southern part, Mimika Regency, is swampy and inhabited by Mimika (Kamoro) and Sempan. The population of Central Papua was around 1.4 million in the mid-2022 estimate, with about 87% following Christianity, 12% following Islam, and the rest practicing other religions like Buddhism and Hinduism.

São João, Paraná

São João is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Paraná.

Pinhão, Paraná

Pinhão is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Paraná.

Pinhão

Pinhão can mean:



Pinhão, Sergipe

Pinhão is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe.

Central Kalimantan

Central Kalimantan () is a province of Indonesia. It is one of the five provinces in Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of Borneo. The provincial capital is Palangka Raya.

Conceição de Macabu

Conceição de Macabu is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro. 23,398 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 348 km².

Barra do Piraí

Barra do Piraí is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 100,764 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 578.471 km².

Silva Jardim

Silva Jardim is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 21,352 people lived here in 2022 and its area is 937 km².

Volta Redonda

Volta Redonda is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 273,988 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 182.81 km². Its name means "Round Turn" in Portuguese.

The largest steel company Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional (CSN) is in Volta Redonda.

Basco, Batanes

Basco is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Batanes. According to the 2020 census, 9,517 people lived there.

Basco is on the Batan Island, the second largest island of the Batanes Islands.

Pseudophilautus regius

The Polonnaruwa shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus regius") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it near Polonnaruwa.

San Canzian d'Isonzo

San Canzian d'Isonzo is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

It is the birthplace of former football manager and player Fabio Capello.

Dolegna del Collio

Dolegna del Collio is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Cormons

Cormons is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Monfalcone

Monfalcone (; ) is a city in northern Italy. Monfalcone is in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia Region. About 30,000 people live there. About 30% in 2023 were foreign nationals, mostly Bangladeshi Muslims. 

The mayor has opposed proposals to build a mosque in the town. 

There is a large shipyard where cruise ships are built. 

It is the northernmost port city on the Mediterranean Sea.

Mariano del Friuli

Mariano del Friuli is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Badia, South Tyrol

Badia () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is one of the five Ladin-speaking communities of the Val Badia.


Barbian

Barbian () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Brenner, South Tyrol

Brenner (; ) is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Burgstall, South Tyrol

Burgstall () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Bronzolo

Bronzolo () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Polina Gagarina

Polina Sergeyevna Gagarina (born 27 March 1987) is a Russian singer and songwriter. In 2003, became famous in Russia when she won the singing reality TV show "Star Factory". Gagarina represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "A Million Voices". The song finished in second place. Gagarina has also been a judge on the Russian version of "The Voice". 

In March 2022, Gagarina performed in Moscow at an event celebrating the eighth anniversary of the annexation of Crimea and supporting the Russian invasion of Ukraine. She has been banned from entering Estonia and Latvia and a concert in Kazakhstan was cancelled.

Blenheim, New Zealand

Blenheim () is the most populous town in the Marlborough Region, in the northeast of the South Island of New Zealand. About 30,500 people live there. It is named after the Battle of Blenheim (1704), where troops led by John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough defeated the French and Bavarian soldiers.

Whakatāne

Whakatāne is a town in the Bay of Plenty Region in the North Island of New Zealand. It is east of Tauranga and northeast of Rotorua. The town is at the mouth of the Whakatāne River.

Whakatāne has an urban population of 16,850, making it New Zealand's 33rd-largest urban area and the Bay of Plenty's third-largest urban area, after Tauranga and Rotorua. Another 21,950 people live in the rest of the Whakatāne District.

Greymouth

Greymouth () is the largest town in the West Coast Region in the South Island of New Zealand. It is the capital of the Grey District Council. About 8,500 people live there.

Richmond, New Zealand

Richmond () is a town and the capital of the Tasman District Council in New Zealand. It is south of Nelson in the South Island, close to the extreme south of Tasman Bay. About 19,200 people live there.

Willich

Willich is a town in Viersen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Minnesota Zoo

The Minnesota Zoo (formerly the Minnesota Zoological Garden), is a zoo in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It is one of two state-owned zoos in the United States, with the other being the North Carolina Zoo. When it opened on May 22, 1978, it was revolutionary in its exhibit design. The zoo is built in a suburban rural area and has more space for exhibits than a zoo in a city. It was one of the first zoos to organize its animals by their living environment and not according to their species. These animals all live in habitats designed to imitate their natural habitats.

The Minnesota Zoo is owned by the State of Minnesota. This differs from other zoos in Minnesota and most other zoos in the United States, which are run by municipalities or private companies. Although the Minnesota Zoo gets state funding, the zoo charges a fee for visitors and also sells yearly memberships to visitors, who then don't have to pay a fee at each visit.

A high school, the School of Environmental Studies, is located inside the zoo.

The exhibits are organized into six areas, including three walking trails ranging from one mile (1.6 kilometers) to two miles (3.2 kilometers) in length:


Philautus

Philautus is a group of shrub frogs. This group of species is in the family Rhacophoridae. They live in Asia. Some frogs in this genus are now extinct, meaning there are none alive now, but others live in large numbers. Scientists are not sure how the different frogs are related to each other or to other frogs.

These frogs never swim as tadpoles. They hatch out of eggs as froglets, or small frogs. Some frogs bury their eggs in soil. Others lay eggs on leaves.
In 2009, scientists from Delhi University found many frogs in the forest in the Western Ghat Mountains.

The following species are in "Philautus":


Gabriela Schloesser

Gabriela Schloesser (born 18 February 1994) is a Mexican-born Dutch archer. Schloesser competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Juan René Serrano

Juan René Serrano Gutiérrez (born 23 February 1984) is an archer from Mexico. René Serrano competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Al-Aqsa TV

Al Aqsa TV () is a television station run by the Palestinian political group Hamas, which is from the Gaza Strip. The television station broadcasts news, promotional material for Hamas, cartoons (such as Tomorrow's Pioneers which promoted Anti-Zionism and violence against Israel and USA), and religious programs. The television station's current director is Fathi Ahmad, who holds membership to the Palestinian Legislative Council, and is the Interior Minster of the Gaza Strip. The station is named after the Al-Aqsa compound in Jerusalem.

Christian Coulson

Christian Peter Coulson (born 3 October, 1978 - Manchester, United Kingdom) is a English actor known for playing Tom Marvolo Riddle in the 2002 fantasy movie "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets".

Al-Manar

Al Manar TV's logo
Al-Manar TV is a television station ran by the Lebanese political group Hezbollah, and broadcasts from the city of Beirut in the country Lebanon. The station was officially launched on the 4th of June 1991 as a part of the Arab States Broadcasting Union. The station was designated as a global terrorist organisation by the United States and was banned on the 17th of December 2004.

Vedanta

Vedanta is a school of Hindu philosophy, one of the six recognized in Hinduism. The name means ""end of the Vedas"." It is based on ideas found in the Upanishads, focusing on knowledge and liberation. Vedanta has various schools that follow texts like the Upanishads, Brahma Sutras, and Bhagavad Gita. The main Vedanta schools include Bhedabheda, Advaita, Vishishtadvaita, Tattvavada (Dvaita), Suddhadvaita, and Achintya-Bheda-Abheda. Modern developments include Neo-Vedanta and the philosophy of the Swaminarayan Sampradaya.

Most Vedanta schools, except Advaita Vedanta and Neo-Vedanta, are linked to Vaishnavism, emphasizing devotion (Bhakti) to God, often Vishnu. Advaita Vedanta, in contrast, emphasizes Jnana (knowledge) and Jnana Yoga. While Advaita has gained attention in the West, other Vedanta traditions mainly focus on Vaishnava theology.

There are different counts of Vedanta schools, ranging from three to six. Some prominent ones include:


Despite their differences, all Vedanta schools share some common ideas:


The main texts of Vedanta are the Upanishads, Brahma Sūtras, and Bhagavadgītā, collectively known as Prasthānatrayī.

Vedanta philosophers discuss three fundamental categories—Brahman, Ātman, and Prakriti—and their relationships.


Most Vedanta schools, along with Samkhya, support Parinamavada, the idea that the world is a real transformation of Brahman. However, Advaita Vedanta, led by Adi Shankara, follows Vivartavada, stating that the world is an unreal transformation of Brahman.

Following is the relation between Atman and Brahman in different schools of Vedanta:


Folk religion

Folk religion, also known as popular religion or traditional religion, includes various forms of belief and practices that are different from the official teachings of organized religions. It's the religious side of everyday culture, with customs specific to certain regions or ethnic groups, falling outside the official doctrines.

The term "folk religion" covers two main areas. First, it involves the religious aspects of everyday culture or how religion is expressed in folk traditions. Second, it explores the blending of different cultures, like the mix of African folk beliefs and Roman Catholicism that gave rise to Vodun and Santería. In China, folk Protestantism emerged during the Taiping Rebellion. Examples of folk religion connected to major faiths include Chinese folk religion, folk Christianity, folk Hinduism, and folk Islam. People who don't regularly attend religious events, aren't part of a church, and haven't formally declared a specific belief may still want religious ceremonies like weddings or funerals, leading to the use of the term by clergy to describe such practices.

2005-06 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2005-06 season was the first season after Red Bull took over SV Austria Salzburg. The denial of the club's history, the renaming and the abandonment of the purple club colors amounted to an erasure of the traditional club and caused dissatisfaction from fans and a media response in Europe.

After the end of the season coach Jara was fired due to possible speculation regarding player transfers. Giovanni Trapattoni (team boss) and Lothar Matthäus (coach) were hired as successors.

Theo Von

Theodor Capitani von Kurnatowski III (born March 19, 1980), known professionally as Theo Von, is an American stand-up comedian and actor.

Pizzoferrato

Pizzoferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region in Italy.

Duino-Aurisina

Duino-Aurisina (; ) is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy. It is on the Adriatic coast and is near the border with Slovenia.


Monrupino

Monrupino () is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy. According to the 1971 census, 77.3% of people are Slovenes.


Kahit Konting Pagtingin (TV series)

Kahit Konting Pagtingin (International title: "Just One Glance" / ) is a 2013 Philippine drama television series starring Angeline Quinto in her first teleserye, together with Paulo Avelino and Sam Milby. 

The series was streaming online on YouTube.




Nishanth Sagar

Nishanth Balakrishnan (born 8 June 1980), known professionally by his stage name Nishanth Sagar , is an Indian actor who works primarily in the Malayalam film industry. He has performed in over 50 films as a hero, co-star and antagonist.

 

Mayfung

Mayfung (Balti: མེ་ཕུང།) is an ancient festival celebrated in the Baltistan region of northeastern Pakistan by the Balti Tibetan people. The festival has roots in the Bön religion, which was the main religion in the area before Buddhism and Islam. Every year on December 21, the Mayfung festival takes place to mark the end of the longest night and the beginning of the new year called "Balti Losar" (Balti New Year). Mayfung is a tradition celebrated not only in Baltistan but also in some parts of Gilgit, Hunza, Chitral, and Tibet in China.

People believe that celebrating Mayfung protects them from misfortunes and natural disasters. The name Mayfung comes from two Balti words: "May," meaning fire, and "Fang" or "Phang," meaning to throw or play. So, Mayfung translates to playing with fire or throwing fireballs in the sky. In other languages, it is known as Thumushaling in Burushaski and Loma in Shina.

Balti culture is a mix of Bonism, Islam, and Buddhism influences. Bonism was a religion in Tibet before Buddhism and Islam, involving spirit worship, sacrifices, magic, and divination. The Mayfung Festival from the Bon period continued into the Buddhist era to please gods and remove society's ills. It's a crucial part of the Losar festival, also known as the Balti New Year, happening in Baltistan, Pakistan, on December 21.

Legend has it that lighting a large fire during Mayfung can drive away evils. The festival may have roots in the Maqpon dynasty of the 12th century or be linked to Raja Abdal Khan, a powerful ruler in the 17th century.

During Mayfung, people light bonfires on mountains, plains, and rooftops. Children play, dance, and sing traditional songs around flaming logs. The residual fire is scattered on mountain slopes. Women prepare special dishes. The celebration includes fireworks, music, dancing, flying lanterns, and festive foods. Folk dances like the sword dance and fire dance are performed, and the event concludes with traditional music. People believe that Mayfung is necessary to ward off spirits and Jinns.

Rahul Bheke

Rahul Shankar Bheke (; born 6 December 1990) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Indian Super League club Mumbai City and the India national team.


Rani Hazarika (singer)

Rani Hazarika (born 7 October 1987) is an Indian Assamese Playback Singer, live performer in the Indian Bollywood industry.

Her journey in the music industry began at a young age. She made her debut in professional music at 13 and later contributed to Bollywood. Her achievements include international recognition, awards like the "Dada Saheb Phalke Award," and a versatile career spanning various films and single albums.


Neha Marda

Neha Marda is an Indian television actress. She is well known for her roles in "Balika Vadhu", "Doli Armaano Ki" and "Kyun Rishton Mein Katti Batti". In 2015, she participated in "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa".

Balti people

The Baltis or Baltipa, also known as Balti Tibetans or Bhotia, are a group of people native to the Baltistan region of Gilgit−Baltistan, Pakistan. They speak the Balti language, which is an old form of Tibetan. It has sounds lost in modern Tibetan dialects. It is closely related to other Tibetic languages like Ladakhi and Purgi.

Before Islam came to Baltistan in the 14th century, Baltis followed Bön and Tibetan Buddhism. Islam spread through Sufi missionaries, and by the 17th century, most Baltis converted. Some later became Shia, Sunni, or followed Noorbakshia Sufi Islam. Despite converting, Baltis still practice Bön and Tibetan Buddhist rituals, making their culture unique in Pakistan. The Balti language is conservative, closer to Classical Tibetan.

Religious gatherings in mosques and Sufi Khanqahs are vital for Baltis. Khanqahs, introduced by early Sufi saints, help students achieve spiritual purity through training. Mosques in Baltistan have Tibetan architecture, and some in Kargil have Mughal style decorations. Today, about 60% of Baltis are Shia Muslims, 30% follow Noorbakshia Sufi Islam, and 10% are Sunni Muslims.


Bi-lateral diplomatic relations

When states recognize one another as sovereign states and agree to diplomatic relations, they create a bilateral relationship. States with bilateral ties will exchange diplomatic agents such as ambassadors to facilitate dialogues and cooperations.

Muggia

Muggia (; ) is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy. It is on the eastern edge of the Gulf of Trieste in the northern Adriatic Sea. Muggia is the only Italian port town in Istria. It is on the southeastern border with Slovenia.

Muggia started as a prehistoric fortified village ("castelliere") in the around 8th-7th century BC. The area was founded in 178–177 BC by the Romans, who created here a settlement ("Castrum Muglae"). After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, Muggia was dominated by the Ostrogoths, Lombards, Byzantines and Franks. In 931, it was donated by the kings Hugh of Italy and Lothair II to the Patriarch of Aquileia.

In 1354, it suffered Genoese attacks. In 1420, it became part of the Republic of Venice.

After the fall of Venice in 1797, Muggia became part of the Austrian Empire, which was developed an naval shipbuilding flourished until after World War II.

Muggia is twinned with:


San Dorligo della Valle

San Dorligo della Valle is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.


Sgonico

Sgonico () is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.


Affirmation (Savage Garden album)

Affirmation is the second and final studio album by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and was released on 9 November 1999 by Columbia Records. It won the 2000 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album along it nominated for Best Group and Best Pop Release but lost. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada and Sweden and made the top 10 in Denmark, Finland, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.


Brenna, Lombardy

Brenna is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Blessagno

Blessagno (Comasco: or ) is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brienno

Brienno is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Inverigo

Inverigo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Lambrugo

Lambrugo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Merone

Merone is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Merone is twinned with:

Noyarey

Noyarey is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.

Noyarey is twinned with:

Nirav D. Shah

Nirav Dinesh Shah (born 1977) is an American epidemiologist, economist and attorney. He worked as an economist and epidemiologist at the Cambodian Ministry of Health.


Kostanay Region

Kostanay Region or Kostanay Province (; ) is one of the regions in the north of Kazakhstan. The capital of the region is the city of Kostanay. As of 2023, the population is 832,110 people.

The region borders on the Aktobe, Ulytau, Karaganda, Akmola and North Kazakhstan Regions of Kazakhstan. It also borders the Orenburg, Chelyabinsk and Kurgan Oblasts of Russia.

There are six cities in the region: Kostanay, Arkalyk, Rudny, Lisakovsk, Zhitikara and Tobyl.

Gungun Uprari

Gungun Uprari is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi TV shows. Gungun Uprari is known for her roles in serials like "Bandhan Saat Janamon Ka", "Rakt Sambandh", "Haar Jeet", "Buddha" and "Jo Biwi Se Kare Pyaar".

Nirav Shah (politician)

Nirav Shah is an Indian politician who is former deputy mayor of Surat Municipal Corporation. He has been affiliated with the Bhartiya Janta Party since 1992.


Ryan Kiera Armstrong

Ryan Kiera Armstrong (born March 10, 2010) is an American actress who played Charlie McGee from the 2022 Movie Called Firestarter.

Ulytau Region

Ulytau Province or Ulytau Region (, ) is a region in the center of Kazakhstan. The capital of region is the city of Jezkazgan. As 2023, 221,395 people live here.

The region is named after the Ulytau () mountain range. 

There are only three cities in this region: Jezkazgan, Karazhal and Satbayev.

Mangystau Region

Mangystau Province or Mangystau Region (, ) is a region in the west of Kazakhstan. The capital is the city of Aktau. As 2023, 766,956 people live here.

There are only three cities in this region: Aktau, Zhanaozen and Fort-Shevchenko.

The region is named after the Mangystau () peninsula.

Kyzylorda Region

Kyzylorda Province or Kyzylorda Region (, ) is a region in the south of Kazakhstan. The capital of region is the city of Kyzylorda. The population is 833,531 (as of 2023).

There are only three cities in this region: Kyzylorda, Aral and Kazalinsk. The region also has the Baikonur Cosmodrome and the city of Baikonur, which were purchased by Russia in an agreement that lasts until 2050.

I've Been Losing You

"I've Been Losing You" is a 1986 song by Norwegian band A-ha and is the lead single from their second studio album "Scoundrel Days". It topped the single charts in Denmark and Norway and made the top 10 in Ireland, Italy and the United Kingdom.

The music video was shot at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles.

North Kazakhstan Region

North Kazakhstan Province or North Kazakhstan Region (, ) is a region in the north of Kazakhstan, with a population of 534,024. The capital is the city of Petropavl. 

There are five cities in this region: Petropavl, Bulayevo, Mamlyutka, Sergeyevka, Taiynsha, 

Turkistan Region

Turkistan Province or Turkistan Region (, ) is a region in the south of Kazakhstan. The capital is the city of Turkistan. As of the year of 2023, 2,119,063 people live here. Until 2018, the region was called the South Kazakhstan Region.

There are seven cities in this region: Turkistan, Arys, Kentau, Zhetisay, Saryagash, Lenger and Shardara.

Previously, there was a city in the region with a population of more than a million, Shymkent. It was the capital of the region. At that time three million people lived in the region. But in 2018 it was removed, and Turkestan became the capital of the region.

Ciego de Ávila

Ciego de Ávila is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Ciego de Ávila Province. In 2022, 156,322 people lived there.

Bayamo

Bayamo is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Granma Province.

Georg Baselitz

Georg Baselitz (born 23 January 1938) is a German painter, sculptor and graphic artist. 

He became famous in the 1960s with his figurative and neoexpressionist paintings. In 1969 he started painting all his subjects upside down in an attempt to show the artifice of painting. He has several influences in his art style, such as the Soviet illustration art, the mannerist painting and African primitive sculpture. He created a personal and unique style.

Nueva Gerona

Nueva Gerona is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of the Isla de la Juventud special municipality and province. In 2012, 59,049 people lived there.

The city has quarters of Centro, Abel Santamaría, Sierra Caballo, Nazareno, Saigón, Chacón and José Martí. In the suburban quarter of Chacón is the Presidio Modelo, a former prison and now a museum.

The city was founded in 1830.

Sancti Spíritus

Sancti Spíritus is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Sancti Spíritus Province. It is one of the oldest Cuban European settlements.

Santa Clara, Cuba

Santa Clara is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Villa Clara Province. Santa Clara is the fifth largest city in Cuba by population. About 250,000 people live there.

Jörg Immendorff

Jörg Immendorff (14 June 1945 – 28 May 2007) was a German painter, sculptor and stage designer. He was also art professor. He was considered a neo-expressionist artist.

He often created "grand cycles of paintings" of political nature, sometimes inspired by modern Germany, that often took him several years to complete. His most famous cycles included "Cafè Deutschland", and "The Rake's Progress".

Courson-Monteloup

Courson-Monteloup is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Dannemois

Dannemois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

D'Huison-Longueville

D'Huison-Longueville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Écharcon

Écharcon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Égly

Égly is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Épinay-sous-Sénart

Épinay-sous-Sénart is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Épinay-sous-Sénart is twinned with:

Épinay-sur-Orge

Épinay-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Étampes

Étampes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Étiolles

Étiolles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is 27 km southeast of Paris.

Étréchy, Essonne

Étréchy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Ferté-Alais

La Ferté-Alais is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ethnic groups in Pakistan

Pakistan is a very diverse country with lots of different ethnic groups and languages. The 16 major groups are Punjabis, Pashtuns, Gujjar, Sindhis, Saraikis, Muhajirs (Indians), Balochs, Paharis, Brahuis, Shina, Hazaras, Baltis, Kohistanis, Khetranis, Siddis and Kashmiris. There are also many other smaller groups like Makranis, Uzbeks, Tajiks, Thari, Kho, Pamiris, Nuristanis, Kalash and many others.
The official census in Pakistan doesn't count the 1.4 million registered and 1.7 million unregistered people from Afghanistan who are living in Pakistan. Most of them were born in Pakistan in the last 40 years and are mainly Pashtuns, along with Tajiks, Uzbeks, and others.

Fleury-Mérogis

Fleury-Mérogis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Fleury-Mérogis Prison is in the commune.

Fontaine-la-Rivière

Fontaine-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Fontenay-lès-Briis

Fontenay-lès-Briis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Atlético Madrid B

Atlético de Madrid B is a Spanish football team based in Madrid, in the community of Madrid. Founded on 17 September 1963, it is the reserve team of Atlético Madrid and currently plays in Primera Federación – Group 2.

Fontenay-le-Vicomte

Fontenay-le-Vicomte is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Forêt-le-Roi

La Forêt-le-Roi is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Forêt-Sainte-Croix

La Forêt-Sainte-Croix is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Forges-les-Bains

Forges-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Gironville-sur-Essonne

Gironville-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Gometz-la-Ville

Gometz-la-Ville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Al-Manar (magazine)

Al Manar (ː The Lighthouse) was a Islamic magazine written in the Arabic language, and was published and edited by Rahid Rida from 1898 to 1935. The magazine wanted to bring back the Pan-Islamic caliphate along with Islamic laws. The magazine's final issue was published in the year 1940, by the Muslim Brotherhood.

Siddi people

The Siddi, also called Sheedi, are a group of people living mainly in southern Pakistan, in the provinces of Sindh and Balochistan. They are one of two major Black ethnic groups in Pakistan, the other being Makranis. They originally come from the Bantu communities in Southeast Africa and Ethiopia. Many of them arrived in the subcontinent through the Indian Ocean Slave Trade, while others came as traders, sailors, servants, and soldiers. There are now more than a million Siddis in Pakistan and a smaller group of about 50,000 in India. Pakistan has the largest diaspora of Africans in South Asia.

The Siddi population mostly has roots in the Bantu peoples of Southeast Africa who were brought to the Indo-Pak subcontinent as slaves. Most of them became Muslims, and a few became Christians. First Siddis are believed to have arrived in Sindh with the Arab army of Muhammad Bin Qasim during the Islamic conquest of the Sindh in 712 CE. They were known as Zanjis.

The Siddi people's culture reflects both their long presence in South Asia and their East African origins. Siddi women wear traditional African clothing, and Siddi men wear Shalwar kameez along with their unique clothing. While they have adapted to the local culture, they still practice some traditions, especially in music and dance. Siddis generally marry within their own communities, and it's uncommon for them to marry outside.

Sports play a significant role in the Siddi community, providing youth with opportunities and an escape from poverty and discrimination.

Many Siddis follow the Islamic faith, with a particular reverence for the Sindhi saint Pir Mangho. An annual festival, known as Pir Mangho Urs, is held at the saint's shrine, where 100 crocodiles are fed as part of the celebration.


West Kazakhstan Region

West Kazakhstan Province or West Kazakhstan Region (, ) is a region in the west of Kazakhstan. The capital is the city of Oral. As of 2023, the population of region is 688,091.

There are only two cities in this region: Oral and Aksay.

In Soviet times, region was called the "Ural region" ().

Pseudophilautus nemus

Pseudophilautus nemus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Haycock Hill Forest Reserve and the Kanneliya Forest, between 60 and 660 meters above sea level.

AKTINA Productions

AKTINA Productions, Inc., is a non-profit and tax-exempt 501 (c) 3 Media and Arts Cultural Organization promoting the cultures of Greece and Cyprus through radio, television and live performances. AKTINA Productions, Inc., founded by Elena Maroulleti and incorporated on July 15, 1993, also owns and operates the public service media outlets,AKTINA FM and 

AKTINA has eleven established owned and operated websites that carry the “AKTINA FM” name-brand for the purposes of also streaming its Greek American Radio Station AKTINA FM every day 24 hours, 7 days a week nationwide in the U.S.A and globally.

In May of 1993, CYPRECO of America, Inc., also a non-profit and tax-exempt 501 (c) 3 cultural organization, teamed up with AKTINA Productions, Inc., to co-sponsor the Greek American bilingual radio AKTINA FM founded on New York’s public station WNYE 91.5FM and soon after on online.

In early 1994, AKTINA Productions, Inc., introduced and established the concert series, GREEK MUSIC JOURNEY (GMJ). Over 30 concerts have been produced. AKTINA’s GMJ was selected by New York’s Lincoln Center to represent Greece in 1998, 1999 and 2000 during the annual “Lincoln Center Out Of Doors Festival.”

On October 26, 2018, a ceremony was held at the New York City Council Chambers where former Council Speaker Corey Johnson and the entire NYC Council body joined by other NYC officials, honored AKTINA Productions, Inc., with a special Proclamation on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. The organization has also received multiple distinctions from other elected officials of the City of New York, the New York State and the U.S. Congress and Senate such as, Citations, Proclamations and Congressional Records.

Permission to Kill

Permission to Kill is a 1975 Austrian British American spy thriller movie directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Dirk Bogarde, Ava Gardner, Bekim Fehmiu, Timothy Dalton, Nicole Calfan, Frederic Forrest. It was distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures.


Kamalolmolk

Kamalolmolk () is a 1984 Iranian drama movie directed by Ali Hatami and starring Jamshid Mashayekhi, Ezzatolah Entezami, Ali Nassirian, Davoud Rashidi, Mohammad Ali Keshavarz.

Angelstad

Angelstad is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 271 people lived there.

Kånna

Kånna is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 352 people lived there.

Lidhult

Lidhult is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 611 people lived there.

Vittaryd

Vittaryd is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 318 people lived there.

Timsfors

Timsfors is a locality in Markaryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 637 people lived there.

Gometz-le-Châtel

Gometz-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Les Granges-le-Roi

Les Granges-le-Roi is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Guibeville

Guibeville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Guigneville-sur-Essonne

Guigneville-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Guillerval

Guillerval is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Malaybalay

Malaybalay is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Bukidnon. According to the 2020 census, 190,712 people lived there.

Valencia, Bukidnon

Valencia is the largest city in the province of Bukidnon, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 216,546 people lived there.

Anna Leonowens

Anna Leonowens was an Anglo-Indian woman who was hired by Mongkut, King of Siam to teach his children. She later moved to Canada and became a Suffragette. She died in Montreal. 

Leonowens wrote a memoir about teaching Mongkut’s children in 1870. Then in 1944, a woman named Margaret Landon decided to write a novel called Anna and the King of Siam based on it. It inspired the movie Anna and the King of Siam which came out in 1946. In 1951, Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II wrote a Musical called The King and I based on Leonowens’ life and book. 

Mamburao

Mamburao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Occidental Mindoro. According to the 2020 census, 47,705 people lived there.

Margaret Landon

Margaret Landon was an American writer who wrote the 1944 novel Anna and the King of Siam based on the life of Anna Leonowens. The book inspired a movie with the same name in 1946. In 1950, Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II paid her to let them make a play based on her book and then made The King and I. Landon also wrote another novel called Never Dies the Dream. In 1972, Twentieth Century Fox made a television show called Anna and the King which wasn’t a musical and Landon sued Fox for Copyright infringement but lost. Landon died in 1993.

Anna and the King of Siam

Anna and the King of Siam is a 1944 book by Margaret Landon. It is fiction, but is based on a true story. It’s about Anna Leonowens going to Siam to teach English to Mongkut’s wives and children. It inspired the movie Anna and the King of Siam and the play The King and I.

The King and I (1999 movie)

The King and I is an animated movie based on the play The King and I. It came out in 1999.

Miranda Richardson as Anna Leonowens. 

Martin Vidnovic as Mongkut

Allen D. Hong as Chulalongkorn

Armi Arabe as Tuptim

Ian Richardson as Kralahome 

Darrell Hammond as Master Little 

Adam Wylie as Louis Leonowens

Sean Smith as Sir Edward Ramsey

Frank Welker as Rama, Tusker and Moonshee 

J.A. Fuji as Debsirindra

Jethro

Jethro is a person in the Book of Exodus who is also called Reuel. He lived in Midian and was a Priest there. Since he had no sons, he sent his daughters to get water for his sheep. But male shepherds stopped them by the Well so Moses came and helped the girls by making the men go away. When Jethro’s daughters came back to him, Jethro told them to bring Moses home to him and they did. Jethro hired Moses to be his shepherd and Moses married Jethro’s daughter Tzippora and had two sons Gershom and Eliezer. When Hashem appeared to Moses and told him to lead the Hebrews out of Egypt, Jethro told Moses “go to Peace”. Jethro later met Moses again in the desert and told him not to be the only Judge but to appoint other judges since Moses couldn’t do everything on his own. Moses listened to Jethro’s advice.

According to The Midrash, Jethro chose to worship only Hashem and a lot of other Midianites were angry with him about it. The Midrash also says that Jethro was also known as Paltiel and that his daughter Elisheva married Aaron.

Midian

Midian is a place in The Bible. The Book of Genesis says that Midian was the son of Abraham and Keturah. Midian’s descendants the Midianites buy Joseph from Judah and his brothers and then sell him in Egypt.

When Moses runs away from Egypt, he goes to the land of the Midianites. He sees male shepherds not let some girls get water from a well, so he makes the men leave and gives the girls the water. They go to their father Jethro and he tells them to invite Moses home so Moses becomes a shepherd for Jethro and marries Jethro’s daughter Zipporah. Zipporah then gives birth to a son and Moses names him Gershom because “I am a stranger in a strange land” and she also gives birth to a second son. After Moses leaves with Zipporah and his sons, The Lord sends an Angel to kill Moses so Zipporah circumcised their second son and the Angel let Moses live. After that Moses left Zipporah with his sons while he went to Egypt. Jethro later left the land of the Midianites with Zipporah and his grandsons who were named Gershom and Eliezer and met with Moses.

In the Book of Numbers, King Balak hires a Midianite named Balaam to curse the Israelites but Balaam accidentally blesses them instead. So Balaam decides to get the Israelites to sin so the the Almighty would get angry and punish them. So Balaam convinces the Midianites to send their women to have sex with the Israelites, get them to have an orgy and get them to worship the Midianite Idol Baal Peor. So Phineas, Aaron’s grandson, kills the Israelites who were sinning. The Israelites then attacked the Midianites and killed their men but not the women. Then Moses told the Israelites also to kill the Midianite women since they had done more than the men had. So they killed the Midianite women. Moses also had them kill Balaam since he was the person whose idea it was.

In the Book of Judges, the Midianites attacked the Land of Israel so Hashem told Gideon to fight them.

Gershom

Gershom was the son of Moses and Zipporah, grandson of Jethro and older brother of Eliezer . Gershom was born in Midian. According to the Book of Exodus, Moses named him Gershom because he said “I am a stranger in a strange land”.

Eliezer

Eliezer was the second son of Moses and Zipporah after Gershom. After he was born, his parents left Midian for Egypt so his father didn’t circumcise him. Then an Angel came to kill Moses for not circumcising his son so Zipporah circumcised the son and the Angel let Moses live. The son was named Eliezer.

Amram

Amram was the oldest son of Kehath who was a son of Levi. Amram married Yocheved, the daughter of Levi. She gave birth to a daughter named Miriam and a son named Aaron. Then Pharaoh said that every newborn Israelite baby would be thrown in the Nile. So when they had another son, Amram and Yocheved hid him for three months but then couldn’t anymore so Yocheved put the baby in a basket in the river. Then Pharaoh’s daughter found the boy and named him Moses.

According to a Midrash, when Amram found out Pharaoh would kill every boy, he decided to divorce Yocheved because he didn’t want a son who would just be killed and the other Israelite men decided to do the same thing. Then Amram’s daughter Miriam told him not to do that because it also meant that no girls would be born, not just boys. Amram then re-married Yocheved so all the other Israelite men remarried their wives.

Kehath

Kehath was the second son of Levi. Kehath was the younger brother of Gershon and the older brother of Merari . Kehath had four sons: Amram, Izhar , Hebron and Uzziel. Amram became the father of Miriam, Aaron and Moses. Izhar became the father of Korah , Nepheg and Zichri. Hebron became the father of the Hebronites. Uzziel became the father of Mishael, Elzaphan and Zithri.

Gershon

Gershon was the oldest son of Levi. Kehath and Merari were his brothers and Jochebed was his sister.

Merari

Merari was the third son of Levi after Gershon and Kehath.

Korah

Korah was a cousin of Moses and Aaron who led a Rebellion against them with the support of Dathan and Abiram . When he and his followers burned Incense, the fire burned him while the Earth opened up and all his followers sank down.

Al-Hayat Media Center

Al-Hayat Media Center (Englishː The Life Media Center) is a media group of the Islamic State. The group was established in 2014 and it targets audiences globally as opposed to the Islamic State's other wings that target only Arabic audiences. The group mainly creates promotional material, mostly vocals only music (nasheeds) in languages such as English, German, Russian, Urdu, Indonesian, Turkish, Bangla, Chinese, Bosnian, Kurdish, Uyghur, and French.

Answer the Call released on the 18th of January 2018.

Oh Soldiers of Truth Go Forth released on the 22nd of September 2022.

For the Sake of Allah (Fisabilillah) released on the 23rd of December 2015.

Lets Go for Jihad (Haya Haya Alal Jihad) released on the 28th of December 2015.

Oh Disbelievers of the World (Mécréants de l’humanité) released on the 31st of December 2017.

Let Us Be A Little Patient released on the 27th of August 2018.

The Martyrs released on the 6th of September 2017.

Come, come, my friend released on the 3rd of April 2017.

One day in the morning (Ek ta deen shokal ay) released on the 21nd of Febuary 2016.

The caliphate has come (Eshe say khalifa) released on the 23rd of July 2017.

One day my sleep broke (Eck ta deen goom jay banglo) released on the 16th of May 2018.

And No Respite released on the 23rd of December 2015.

Your blood will flow released on the 3rd of May 2016.

Pledge allegiance to the Caliphate released on the 18th of May 2015.

Ya Junud Al Haqq released on the 1st of July 2014.

Gary Puckett &amp; The Union Gap

Gary Puckett & The Union Gap (initially credited as The Union Gap featuring Gary Puckett) was an American pop rock group active in the late 1960s. The group was formed by Gary Puckett, Gary "Mutha" Withem, Dwight Bement, Kerry Chater, and Paul Wheatbread in San Diego, California in 1967.

Pseudophilautus procax

The Lubungama shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus procax") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Rakwana Hills, about 1060 meters above sea level.

Pseudophilautus jagathgunawardanai

Jagath Gunawardana’s shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus jagathgunawardanai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak between 1600 and 1750 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests. It climbs the trees. People have seen it as low as on the ground and as high as 6 m up in the trees. It climbs trees with lichen on the bark.

The adult female frog is 35.8 – 40.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is light brown in color with dark brown color over the eyes and a dark brown triangle mark on the head. The sides of the body are olive green in color. The legs are light brown in color with some green. The feet have dark brown marks on them. The ends of the toes and the belly are off-white in color.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", "P. jagathgunawardanai" hatches out of its eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

This frog is endangered. They could all die soon. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Humans cut down trees for wood and build cities and farms and places for animals to eat grass where the frog needs to be.

Scientists named this frog after Dr. Jagath Gunawardana, a lawyer who helped save Sri Lanka's wild places.

Dathan

Dathan was a son of Eliab who was a son of Pallu who was a son of Reuben. He left Egypt with the Israelites. He and Abiram supported Korah against Moses, so the Earth opened up beneath them and they sank and died.

According to the Midrash, Dathan and Abiram were always troublemakers. They told Pharaoh that Moses had killed the Egyptian and they tried to convince the Israelites to go back to Egypt before they ended up supporting Korah.

Aside from Ramesses II, Dathan is the main villain of The Ten Commandments. In it, he spies for Ramesses, tells the Egyptians that Moses killed an Egyptian slave-master and helps the Egyptians against the Israelites. He also forces a woman named Lilliah to marry him. When Dathan refuses to sacrifice a Passover Lamb, Joshua paints Dathan’s doors with the blood of a lamb anyway so that his children can survive. After they leave Egypt, Dathan tries to get the Israelites to go back, he has Hur murdered and he threatens Aaron into making the Golden Calf. He is struck by lightning and sinks into the Earth. He is played by Edward G. Robinson.

Abiram

Abiram was the brother of Dathan. He supported Korah. In his rebellion against Moses. In the Midrash, Dathan and Abiram caused a lot of problems for the Israelites even before then. In the movie, The Ten Commandments, he is Dathan’s sidekick while Dathan does bad things.

Golden calf

The Golden calf was a Golden Calf that most of the Israelites worshipped when G-d told them not to worship idols.

After God gave the Israelites the Ten Commandments, the Israelites were afraid so they asked Moses to go up Mount Sinai to get the rest of the Torah. He stayed there a long time so they thought he was dead. They threatened Aaron into building a giant Calf out of Gold. They then started to worship the Golden Calf (except for the Levites who didn’t). And they also danced naked in front of it. So God threatened to kill all Israelites except Moses for their sin but Moses prayed to God to have mercy and God did.

After Moses saw the Israelites worshiping the Golden Calf, he broke the stone tables where the Ten Commandments were written.

Moses said “all who are for God, follow me” and all the Levites joined him. They killed everyone they saw worship the Golden Calf.

Moses had the Golden Calf destroyed and turned into a powder. He mixed the powder with water and made everyone drink it. Anyone who worshipped the Golden Calf died when they started drinking it.

When Moses went back up Mount Sinai, the Israelites started fasting and continued for the next 40 days. So God forgave the Israelites for their sins and gave them a second set of stone tables with the Ten Commandments on them.

Sz

SZ, Sz, sz is used as an abbreviation for:




The Way You Love Me (Faith Hill song)

"The Way You Love Me" is a 2000 song by Faith Hill. It is the second single from her fourth studio album "Breathe". It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland, number 6 in the United States, number 4 in Hungary, number 23 in New Zealand, number 40 in Ireland, number 21 in Italy, number 9 in Spain and number 49 in Switzerland.




Alejandra Valencia

Alejandra Valencia Trujillo (born 17 October 1994) is a Mexican archer. Valencia competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Ana Paula Vázquez

Ana Paula Vázquez (born 5 October 2000) is a Mexican archer. Paula Vázquez competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

List of Fiji Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Fiji Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Fiji after playing their first match against Vanuatu on 9 September 2022.

Dennis Francis (diplomat)

Dennis Francis (born 27 November 1956) is a politician from Trinidad and Tobago. He has been the permanent representative to the United Nations from Trinidad and Tobago since 2021. On 1 June 2023 he was elected to be the President of the United Nations General Assembly at its seventy-eighth session, beginning his term on 5 September 2023.

Damian Wayne

Damian Wayne is a fictional superhero. He appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the son of Batman and Talia al Ghul and the grandson of Ra's al Ghul. Damian was born during "Son of the Demon" as Ibn al Xu'ffasch. He was kept secret until the events of "Batman and Son". During "Batman Reborn", he became the fifth Robin. He has been a member of the Batman family, Batman Incorporated, the League of Assassins and the Teen Titans.

The idea of the character was created by Mike W. Barr and Jerry Bingham in "Batman: Son of the Demon". (1987) The character was named "Damian Wayne" and was developed by Grant Morrison and Andy Kubert. He first appeared in "Batman" #655. (2006)

Damian Wayne is set to make his live-action debut in the movie "The Brave and the Bold", produced by DC Studios.

Lene Lovich

Lene Lovich (; born Lili-Marlene Premilovich; March 30, 1952) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. She first gained attention in 1979 with the release of her hit single "Lucky Number", which peaked at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart and made her a leading figure of the new wave music scene.

Molybdenite

Molybdenite (known by the mineral symbol Mol) is a mineral form of molybdenum disulfide. It is similar to the texture of graphite. It sometimes has a slippery effect because of its structure, which is made of sheets of molybdenum and sulfur. It usually has a hexagonal shape, or has a trigonal shape. 

It occurs usually with minerals such as quartz or pyrite, and can be found in deposits across mines in the western US, notably New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, and Arizona. It can also be found in Mexico. Sometimes, Rhenium can be found in this mineral. It is very similar to graphite that it can be almost impossible in tell them apart.

Abai Region

Abai Province or Abai Region (, ) is a region in the eastern Kazakhstan. The population of region is 610,189 (as of 2023). The capital of the region is the city of Semey.

Was the East Kazakhstan Region until 2018. At that time, the "Abay Region" appeared on its territory.

There are four cities in this region: Semey, Kurchatov, Ayagoz and Shar.

Aktau

Aktau (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Mangystau Region. It is located on the shores of the Caspian Sea. As of 2023, 263,893 people live here, and 271,725 people live in the urban area.

From 1964 to 1991 the city was called "Shevchenko" ().

I Will Love Again

"I Will Love Again" is a 2000 song by Canadian-Belgian singer Lara Fabian and is the second single from her English language album "Lara Fabian". It went to number 63 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 32 in the United States, number 8 in New Zealand, number 31 in Sweden and Australia, number 18 in Iceland, number 19 in Canada, number 16 in France, number 14 in Switzerland, number 6 in Spain and number 2 in Poland.

US maxi-CD single 

US 12-inch single 

UK CD single 

UK cassette single 

European CD single 

European maxi-CD single 

Australian CD single 

Japanese CD single 

Zhanaozen

Zhanaozen (, ) is a city in the Mangystau Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 74,357 people live here, and 147,933 people live in the urban area.

The city was founded in 1964 after oil was discovered nearby.

Fort-Shevchenko

Fort-Shevchenko () is a city in the Mangystau Region of Kazakhstan. It is on the eastern shore of Caspian Sea. As of 2023, 8,694 people live here.

Appetite (Prefab Sprout song)

"Appetite" is a 1985 song by English band Prefab Sprout. It was taken from their second studio album "Steve McQueen" and went to number 92 in the United Kingdom and number 45 in Australia. It charted poorly in the United Kingdom.

Side 1
Side 2

Side 1
Side 2

Zanskari

The Zaniskari is a small mountain horse or pony from Ladakh, named after the Zanskar region in Kargil. It shares characteristics with Tibetan breeds from neighboring Tibet and Baltistan. The Zaniskari is of medium size and often has a grey coat. The breed is endangered, with only a few hundred remaining.

This horse is well adapted to serve as a pack animal in the challenging conditions of its native region, situated between 3000 and 5000 meters above sea level, where temperatures can drop to −40 °C. It is strong, sure-footed, and has good stamina.

In 1977, there were about 15,000–20,000 Zaniskari horses. At that time, they were considered not at risk. However, due to cross-breeding with other horses, only a few hundred pure-bred Zaniskari horses are left today, mostly in the valleys of Ladakh, including the Zanskar Gorge. To protect and preserve the breed, the Animal Husbandry Department of Jammu and Kashmir runs a farm in Padum, Zanskar.

The population has decreased because of machines and more roads in their native area. Despite this, as of 2006, there were no significant signs of genetic issues. In 2013, there were around 9,700 Zaniskari horses, but by 2022, their conservation status was marked as "at risk/critical maintained," with a reported population of 346 animals.

Purigpa

The Purig or Purigpa are a Tibetic people group from Ladakh, India, and Baltistan, Pakistan. They speak the Purig language, which is closely related to other Tibetic languages, especially Balti language. Most Purigpas are Shia Muslims, following the Twelver sect. They became Muslims in the 15th and 16th centuries through preachers who came from Baltistan. Many Purigpas settled in the Kargil region during the rule of Balti King Gyalpo Ali Senge Anchan.


Vera Clinic

Vera Clinic is a healthcare institution based in Istanbul, Turkey, specializing in hair transplant and cosmetic surgery.

Vera Clinic was established in 2013 as Estevera, a specialized hair transplant clinic that primarily served the local Turkish market. 

In 2015, the clinic underwent a transformative rebranding, changing its name to Vera Clinic and taking strategic pivot towards a global presence and expansion into health tourism.

In 2017, Vera Clinic became the first clinic worldwide to utilize sapphire blades in hair transplant surgeries. 

In 2020, the clinic introduced OxyCure, its proprietary brand, which employs oxygen-infused technologies to accelerate healing, reduce inflammation, and improve the quality of the scalp and transplanted hair. The following year, Vera Clinic received a European Award in Medicine for Hair Transplant Surgery. The company started using stem cell technology in hair transplants and offers Regenera Activa, a treatment that extracts and processes regenerative cells from the patient's scalp to stimulate new hair growth.

Milton Sills

Milton George Gustavos Sills (January 12, 1882 - September 15, 1930) was an American silent movie actor.

He died on the 15th September in 1930 at the age of 48 by Myocardial infarction.

Frost (disambiguation)

Frost can be two (particular) things that have something to do with weather:





Kitab

Kitab (, "kitāb"), also transcribed kitaab, is the word for "book" in Arabic, Swahili, Urdu, Hindi and various Indian and Turkic languages.


Pseudophilautus rus

The Kandyan shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus rus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 20.6 – 24.1 mm from nose to rear end and adult female frog can be as big as 23.1 mm long.

The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color. It has dark black marks on the tops of its back legs. The area near the eardrum is dark brown with lighter brown marks. The eardrum is red-brown in color. The sides of the body are light brown and yellow in color. The webbed skin on the feet is dark brown in color.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", "P. rus" hatches out of its eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

This frog is not endangered, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists think this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives to build cities and because of chemicals like pollution, chemicals to kill pests, and chemicals to make crops grow.

The frog's scientific name, "rus", comes from a Latin word that means "countryside" or "farmland." This is because scientists found the frog in the countryside in Kandy.

Firefox Focus

Firefox focus is a open source web browser for iOS and android. First it was a tracker blocker for iOS devices released in 2015 but it later became a small web browser but it can still be tracker blocker only on iOS. In 2017, first release for android was released and it was downloaded 1 million times in 1st month of release. The browser also came with 27 languages that are supported as of january 2017. Since 2018 the blackberry key 2 had firefox focus installed as a part of app called locker.

2006–07 Red Bull Salzburg season

Bye in the first two rounds

Invitation tournament of FC RB Salzburg 13 February 2007.

45 min playing time

Green bean casserole

Green Bean Casserole became popular around 1955 with the recipe being labeled as "Green Bean Bake" on the back of a Campbells Soup can. Combining 6 main staple ingredients into one.

Pseudophilautus steineri

Steiner's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus steineri") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Corbett's Gap in Knuckles Hills, between 1100 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 30.2 – 31.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 30.4 – 41.6 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is green in color with blank marks. The sides of the frog are gray-green in color. There is a brown mark between the eyes. Parts of the mouth are white with brown marks. Some parts of the back legs are green in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and to get wood to build with.

Pareto principle

The Pareto principle is a concept introduced by Vilfredo Pareto That shows in many fields, 20% of the subject matter consumes 80% of use. This theorem came from Vilfredo Pareto's research on economics, and buying habits.

It is currently unknown why this phenomenon occurs, or why it is so prominent in every facet of the universe. Some hypothesize that it is a law of physics, that causes everything to act in such a way, While others hypothesize it could simply be a quirk of the human brain, spurring results to occur in this fashion.

In any given room, 20% of the floor is walked on 80% of the time.

In all languages, 20% of words are used 80% of the time.

20% of criminals commit 80% of crimes.

20% of employees are responsible for 80% of the results.

20% of a store's products make up 80% of sales.


Murder of Sierah Joughin

Sierah Catherine "Ce" Joughin (February 11, 1996 – July 22, 2016) was an American woman who was abducted and murdered in Delta, Ohio. She disappeared on July 19, 2016, and was found dead three days later. Her assailant, James D. Worley, was convicted and sentenced to death for the murder and over twenty years in prison for the kidnapping, assault, and other related charges. His execution is currently scheduled for May 20, 2025.

Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai

Bambaradeniya's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak, Peak Wilderness, between 700 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 17.3 – 20.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color with darker marks. There is a dark mark between the eyes. There is a nearly white stripe from the nose to the rear end and on parts of the legs. The feet are lighter in color than the back.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and to get wood to build with.

Tropical rainforest climate

A tropical rainforest climate or equatorial climate is a tropical climate subtype found in the tropics, usually within 10 to 15 degrees latitude of the equator. This climate type is designated "Af" in the Köppen climate classification. A tropical rainforest climate is typically hot, very humid, and wet with no dry season. The average temperature in tropical rainforests ranges from . Temperatures don't change much throughout the year and also don't change much between night and day. The humidity is always very high, ranging between 77% to 100% year-round. Thanks to the tropical rainforest climate, tropical rainforests are lush all year long.

National League for Democracy

The National League for Democracy is a liberal democratic political party in Myanmar (Burma). It started in September 1988, Aung San Suu Kyi is the leader. The party won a substantial parliamentary majority in the 1990 Myanmar general election. However, the ruling military junta refused to recognise the result.

It won a landslide victory in the 2015 general election and again in 2020. It was overthrown in a military coup d'état in early 2021. In January 2023, the ruling junta made a new law designed to favor the Union Solidarity and Development Party which support them. The NLD announced that it would not re-register as a political party. On 28 March 2023, the NLD was officially dissolved for failing to register, a decision which the NLD rejected as illegitimate.

Peter Pan (1924 movie)

Peter Pan is a 1924 Silent movie starring Betty Bronson.
Betty Bronson as Peter Pan

Union Solidarity and Development Party

The Union Solidarity and Development Party is an nationalist, political party in Myanmar. It supports the Tatmadaw, the ruling military junta. Many of its leaders are retired generals.

It was started by Prime Minister Thein Sein to contest the 2010 Myanmar general election. Since 2022, it has been led by Khin Yi.

Tatmadaw

The Tatmadaw is the military of Myanmar (formerly Burma). It is run by the Ministry of Defence. It is made up of the Myanmar Army, the Myanmar Navy and the Myanmar Air Force. The Myanmar Police Force, the Border Guard Forces, the Myanmar Coast Guard, and the People's Militia Units are also part of it. 

Following the violent repression of nationwide protests in 1988, the military agreed to free elections in 1990. When the National League for Democracy won they ignored their victory and imprisoned its leader Aung San Suu Kyi. 

Helen White (politician)

Helen Ione White (born ) is a New Zealand politician. In 2020 she became a Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives for the Labour Party. In 2023, she was chosen by Labour to run for the Mount Albert electorate. White won the seat, holding it for Labour, but won the election by 18 votes.

Antique

An antique (; 'old', 'ancient') is an item thought of as having value because of its looks or historical importance, and often defined as at least 100 years old (or an older limit), but the term may be used to describe anything that is old. An antique is usually an item that is collected or wanted because of its age, beauty, rarity, condition, job, personal emotional connection, and/or other unique features. It is an object that represents a previous era or time period in human history. Vintage and collectible are used to describe items that are old but do not meet the 100-year mark.

Antiques are normally objects of the decorative arts that show some skill of craftsmanship, collectability, or an attention to design, such as a desk or an early car. They are bought at antiques shops, estate sales, auction houses, online auctions, and other venues, or is passed down. Antiques sellers often are a member of national trade associations, many of which belong to CINOA, a confederation of art and antique associations across 21 countries that represents 5,000 sellers.

The usual definition of "antique" is a collectible object such as a piece of furniture or work of art that has more value because of its age, but it may be different depending on the item, its source, the year of its creation, and other reasons. The customary definition of antique requires that an item should be at least 100 years old and in original condition. (Motor vehicles are an exception to this rule, with some definitions needing an automobile to be as little as 25 years old to be called an antique.)

In the United States, the 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act defined antiques as, "...works (things that are created) of art (except rugs and carpets made after 1700), collections in illustration of the progress of the arts, works in bronze, marble, terra cotta, parian, pottery, or porcelain, artistic antiquities and objects of ornamental character or educational value which shall have been produced prior to the year 1830." 1830 was thought to be the beginning of mass production in the United States. These definitions were made to allow people of that time to tell between real antique pieces, vintage items, and collectible objects.

In 1979, the British art reviewer Edward Lucie-Smith wrote that "Antique-dealers ... sometimes insist that nothing is antique which was made after 1830, although the barrier has been broken down in recent years by the enthusiasm of collectors for Art Nouveau and Art Deco.

The other term, "antiquities", is used to refer to the remains of ancient art and everyday items from antiquity, which themselves are often archaeological artifacts. An "antiquarian" is a person who collects and studies antiquities or things of the past.

Traditionally, Chinese antiques are marked by a red seal, known as a 'chop', put on by an owner. Experts can tell previous owners of an antique by reading the chops. The pre-revolution Chinese government tried to help collectors of Chinese antiques by requiring their Department of Antiquities to give a governmental chop on the bottom of a Chinese antique. This chop is visible as a piece of red sealing wax that bears the government chop to verify the date of the antique. The government of the People's Republic of China has its own definitions of what it thinks is "antique". As of the Cultural Revolution and China's opening trade to other countries, the government has tried to protect the definition of a Chinese antique."

"Antiquing" is the act of buying, telling if an antique is real, lowering prices, or buying antiques for cheap. People buy items for personal use, gifts, or to sell again. Sources for antiquing include garage sales and yard sales, estate sales, resort towns, antique districts, collectives, and international auction houses.

Note that "antiquing" also means the craft of making an object look antique through distressing or using antique-looking paints. Often, individuals get confused between these handmade vintage items and true antiques. People who are going to sell antiques and who don't know of the differences may find themselves paying a big amount of money for something that would have little value if re-sold.

Antique furniture is a popular area of antiques because furniture has can be used and has value. Many collectors use antique furniture pieces in their homes, and care for them with the hope that the value of these items will remain same or grow. This is different to buying new furniture, which typically decreases the value right after it is purchased.

Antique furniture includes dining tables, chairs, bureaus, chests etc. The most common woods are mahogany, oak, pine, walnut, and rosewood. Chinese antique furniture is often made with elm, a wood common to many regions in Asia. Each wood has a different grain and color. Many modern pieces of furniture use laminate or wood veneer to get the same effect. There are many different styles of antique furniture depending on when and where it was made. Some examples of stylistic periods are: Arts & Crafts, Georgian, Regency, and Victorian.

An important part of some antique furniture is its hardware, the style of which is different from one period to another. For example, Victorian era hardware is different from other period hardware and is thought of to be aesthetically defined; this is the reason for its popularity.

Jacques-Alexis Thuriot de la Rosière

Jacques-Alexis Thuriot known as Thuriot de la Rosière, and later as chevalier Thuriot de la Rosière, chevalier de l'Empire (1 May 1753 - 20 June 1829) was an important French statesman of the French Revolution, and a minor figure under the French Empire of Napoleon Bonaparte.

History of Costa Rica

The first indigenous peoples of Costa Rica were hunters and gatherers. When the Spanish conquerors arrived, Costa Rica was divided in two distinct cultural areas due to its location in the Intermediate Area, between Mesoamerican and the Andean cultures, with influences of both cultures.

Christopher Columbus first landed in Costa Rica in 1502 at Isla Uvita. His forces overcame the indigenous people. He incorporated the territory into the Captaincy General of Guatemala as a province of New Spain in 1524. For the next 300 years, Costa Rica was a colony of Spain. Costa Rica's culture has been greatly influenced by the culture of Spain. During this period, Costa Rica remained sparsely developed and impoverished.

Nangolo Mbumba

Nangolo Mbumba is a Namibian politician who currently serves as the 2nd Vice-President of Namibia. He has held several ministerial positions in the Namibian government, including Minister of Agriculture, Water and Rural Development, Minister of Finance, Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Minister of Education, and Minister of Safety and Security . Mbumba is a member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) . He was born on August 15, 1941, in Olukonda, Namibia.

Colt Cabana

Scott Colton (born May 6, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Colt Cabana. He also wrestles for their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH).

He has also spent time wrestling in Wrestling Society X, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Chikara, and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

During the Buy-In for Revolution, Cabana would make his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would save SoCal Uncensored from a beatdown by The Dark Order. On March 1, 2020, it was announced that Cabana had signed a contract with the company. Cabana would make his AEW in-ring debut on the March 3 episode of "Dynamite". He would team with SCU and they would defeat Dark Order. Cabana would enter the tournament to crown the first AEW TNT Champion. Cabana would lose in the first round to Lance Archer on the March 15 episode of "Dynamite".

At Double or Nothing, Cabana would compete in the Casino Ladder Match to try and earn a future match for the AEW World Championship but the match would be won by Brian Cage. The following "Dynamite", Cabana would compete in a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. The match would be won by Jungle Boy.

On the June 3 and 10 episodes of "Dynamite", Cabana would suffer losses to Chris Jericho and Sammy Guevara. 

After seeing his losing streak, Cabana would be approached by Mr. Brodie Lee and he would try and get Cabana to join his Dark Order stable. Cabana would then start teaming with Dark Order before officially joining them.

On the November 2, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Cabana would challenge Chris Jericho for the ROH World Championship but would be defeated.

Greg Casar

Gregorio Eduardo Casar (born May 4, 1989) is an American politician who is the member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas's 35th congressional district since 2023. He was a member of the Austin City Council from the 4th district from 2015 to 2022. Casar is a member of the Democratic Party. Casar is an unofficial member of the Democratic Socialists of America.

Guy Gardner (character)

Guy Darrin Gardner is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by John Broome and Gil Kane, and first appeared in "Green Lantern" #59 (March 1968). He is one of the characters known as Green Lantern, usually in association with the Green Lantern Corps, of which he is a member. The character has also been a member of the superhero team, the Justice League.

Guy Gardner has been played by Matthew Settle in the television pilot "Justice League of America". He will be played by Nathan Fillon in the upcoming movie "Superman" (2025), set in the DC Universe. 

Allegiant Stadium

Allegiant Stadium is an American football stadium located in Paradise, Nevada that serves as the home for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) and the UNLV Rebels football team. 

They first started to build the stadium on November 13, 2017. The stadium was first supposed to hold a Garth Brooks concert but it was pushed back because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Raiders first started playing in the stadium on September 21, 2020. In their first game, they defeated the New Orleans Saints 34–24 in a "Monday Night Football" game.

On August 5, 2019, sponsorship naming rights were sold to Allegiant Air and the stadium was renamed Allegiant Stadium. The naming rights will last for 30 years.

On August 21, 2021, WWE hosted their SummerSlam event at the stadium.

The stadium hosted Super Bowl LVIII on February 11, 2024.

Knock down ginger

Knock down ginger (also known as Ding dong ditch) is a game where a prankster knocks on the victim's door and run away before they can be answered. In most cases, the victim may not choose to call the police. If they decide to, the prankster can be charged with trespassing and disturbing the peace.

Ford Field

Ford Field is an American football stadium located in Detroit, Michigan that serves as the home for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL), as well as the Michigan Panthers and Philadelphia Stars and the United States Football League (USFL).

They first started to build the stadium on November 16, 1999. The Lions first started playing in the stadium on August 24, 2002. In their first pre-season game, they were defeated by the Pittsburgh Steelers 35–22.

On October 13, 1996, sponsorship naming rights were sold to Ford Motor Company and the stadium was renamed Ford Field. The naming rights were bought for $40 million will last for 20 years. The Ford family have also owned the Lions since 1963.

On April 1, 2007, WWE hosted their WrestleMania 23 event at the stadium. The event would set the then-all-time attendance record at the stadium with 80,103 people. WWE would also host SummerSlam at the stadium on August 5, 2023.

Namor

Namor McKenzie, also known simply as Namor, or Namor the Sub-Mariner is a major character and recurring antagonist of the Marvel Comics universe.

Considered to be the first mutant and the ruler of Atlantis, he developed a rather pernicious nature. This resulted him coming into conflict with Black Panther along with various other heroes, such as the Avengers; the X-Men; and the Fantastic Four.

The character made its live-action cinematic debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "" (2022), in which he was played by Mexican actor Tenoch Huerta Mejía.

Alfonso XI of Castile

Alfonso XI (13 August 1311 – 26 October 1350) nicknamed the Avenger () was the King of Castile and León from 1312 until his death in 1350. His long 38-year reign was one of the most successful in the history of Castile. Like his predecessors, Alfonso was very active in the Reconquista. He conquered Granadans and Marinids after his victory at the Battle of Río Salado in 1340. He also gained control over the Strait of Gibraltar.

Alfonso became king after the death of his father, King Ferdinand IV, in 1312 where Alfonso was only one-year old at the time. During Alfonso's minority, 6 people held the regency: Constance of Portugal, Alfonso's mother, Peter, Lord of Cameros, Alfonso's uncle , John, Lord of Valencia de Campos, Alfonso's granduncle, María de Molina, Alfonso's grandmother, and Philip, Lord of Cabrera and Ribera, Alfonso's other uncle and the brother of Peter.

On Alfonso's 14th birthday on 13 August 1325, he was crowned and his effective rule began. He was a very strong king as he made many successes in the Reconquista. He was also very popular among the Castilians as well as at the end of his rule, Castile was thriving and was one of the most powerful kingdoms in the Iberian Peninsula. During his rule, the Black Death strucked Europe as well. Alfonso died as a result of the pandemic on 26 October 1350 in Gibraltar at the age of 39. He was succeeded by his 16-year old son, Peter.

Eduardo Vélez

Luis Eduardo Vélez Sánchez (born 26 July 1986) is an archer from Mexico. Vélez competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Alexandra Mîrca

Alexandra Mîrca (born 11 October 1993) is a Moldovan archer. Mîrca competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Arkles Bay

Arkles Bay is one of the northernmost suburbs of Auckland. It is located in the Whangaparaoa Peninsula and is known for its sheltered beaches, suitable for swimming and paddle boarding.

CometBird

CometBird was a web browser fork of Mozilla Firefox. The browser was a Bitcomet product which was compatible with Windows 98 to Windows 11, but the browser lost support in the year 2015.

Yongzhou

Yongzhou () is a prefecture-level city in Hunan Province, China. The city used to be known as Yungchow. In 2022, 5.14 million people lived there.

Love Will Lead You Back

"Love Will Lead You Back" is a 1990 song by Taylor Dayne and is the second single from her second studio album "Can't Fight Fate". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 68 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Australia, number 28 in New Zealand and number 2 in Canada. It was covered by Yuri, Johnny Mathis and Patti LaBelle.

Hoochie Coochie Man

"Hoochie Coochie Man" also known as (I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man) is a 1954 song written by Willie Dixon and was performed by blues singer Muddy Waters. After the songs success Waters recorded the song live and the originally recording is found on his 1958 album "The Best of Muddy Waters". It went on to be covered by numerous artists over the years.

Seema G. Nair

Seema G. Nair is an Indian actress who appears in Malayalam films and Malayalam TV series. Both Nair and her mother Cherthala Sumathi won the Kerala State Amateur Drama Award.



Gurjeet Singh Aujla

Gurjeet Singh Aujla is an Indian politician and a member of Indian National Congress and current member of Parliament for Amritsar in Punjab, India. Aujla got 444,052 (51.78%) votes while Puri finished second with 344,049 (40.19%) votes.

I Will Wait

"I Will Want" is a 2012 song by British band Mumford & Sons and is the leading single from their second studio album "Babel". It went to number 12 in the United States and the United Kingdom, number 9 in Scotland and Canada, number 4 in New Zealand, number 7 in Ireland, number 25 in Japan, number 23 in Australia, number 50 in Sweden, number 27 in Austria and number 39 in Switzerland. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 2013.

Around the Fur

Around the Fur is the second Studio Album by American Alternative-Metal band Deftones

State Farm Arena

State Farm Arena is an multi-use arena located in Atlanta, Georgia that serves as the home for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The arena was also the home of the Atlanta Thrashers of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1999 until 2011 and the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2008 until 2016, and again in 2019. 

They first started to build the stadium on June 5, 1997 on the site of the demolished Omni Coliseum. The arena opened on September 18, 1999 and the first event was a concert by Sir Elton John on his Medusa Tour. The Hawks had their first game in the arena on November 4, 1999. In their first game, they were defeated by the Milwaukee Bucks 199–109. The Thrashers had their first game at the arena on October 2, 1999. They would be defeated 4–1 by the eventual Stanley Cup champions, New Jersey Devils. The Thrashers would play their last game in the arena in a 5–2 defeat to the Pittsburgh Penguins on April 10, 2011. They would move to Winnipeg to become the Winnipeg Jets the next season.

Since the arena's opening, sponsorship naming rights were owned by Philips and the arena was named Philips Arena. On August 29, 2018, the naming rights were sold to State Farm in a $175 million; 20-year deal. The arena was renamed State Farm Arena.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the 2002 and 2010 Royal Rumbles, Backlash in 2007, Hell in a Cell in 2012, Survivor Series in 2015, and Day 1 in 2022. World Championship Wrestling (WCW) also held an episode of "Monday Nitro" on June 5, 2000 and All Elite Wrestling held the February 19, 2020 episode of "Dynamite" at the arena.

Ridhima Ghosh

Ridhima Ghosh is an Indian Bengali film and television actress. She made her acting debut in the Bengali film "Ratporir Rupkotha" in 2007. In 2009, she made her television debut in Bengali TV serial "Bou Kotha Kao" aired in Star Jalsha. After that, she has acted in a number of Bengali films and Bengali TV serials like "Rang Milanti", "Rajkahini" and "Byomkesh."

 

Imad Wasim

Syed Imad Wasim Haider (in Punjabi and ) commonly known as Imad Wasim born on December 18, 1988, in Swansea, Wales, is a former Pakistani cricketer known for his left-arm spin bowling and handy batting skills. Although born in Wales, he represented Pakistan in 55 ODIs and 66 T20Is. He was the member of the Pakistan team that won the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy. He was also included in the squad in the 2019 World Cup and the 2021 T20 World Cup. On 24 November, 2023, Imad announced his retirement from all formats of international cricket.

Imad Wasim was born in Swansea, Wales. His dad worked as an engineer in the UK for a short time. When Imad was very young, his family moved to Pakistan. He grew up there and started playing cricket. 

Before becoming a cricketer, he was studying to become a doctor. But when he got the opportunity to play for Pakistan's under-19 team, he left his studies to focus on cricket.

On 24 August 2019, Imad married Sannia Ashfaq at the Faisal Mosque in Islamabad. On 4 March 2021, the couple were blessed with a daughter who they named Inaya.

Rahul Raj

Rahul Raj is an Indian music composer. He has composed and produced scores and soundtracks predominantly for Malayalam movies. 

 
Starting Over (Tammy Wynette song)

"Starting Over" is a 1980 song by country singer Tammy Wynette and is the second single from her 21st studio album "Only Lonely Sometimes". It went to number 17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 41 on the Canadian Country Singles charts.


Vishnuvardhan (director)

A long-time associate of Santosh Sivan, he made his directorial debut in 2003 with "Kurumbu", which did not fare well at the box office. However, his subsequent films, "Arinthum Ariyamalum" (2005), "Pattiyal" (2006), "Billa" (2007).

 

Yashoda (movie)

Yashoda is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language action thriller film written and directed by Hari–Harish. It stars Samantha in the title role alongside Unni Mukundan, Varalaxmi Sarathkumar, and Murali Sharma.

Principal photography commenced in December 2021 and ended in July 2022. The film's score was composed by Mani Sharma, while the cinematography and editing were handled by M. Sukumar and Marthand K. Venkatesh, respectively. The film was released on 11 November 2022. "Yashoda" received mixed reviews from critics.


Krodh (movie)

Krodh () is a 2000 Indian action drama film directed and produced by Ashok Honda. It stars Sunil Shetty and Rambha in lead roles. The film is a remake of the 1996 Malayalam film "Hitler", starring Mammootty and Shobhana. It was an average grosser at the box office.

Karishma Tanna

Karishma Tanna Bangera (born 21 December 1983) is an Indian actress, model and anchor who predominantly works in Hindi films and television shows. She made her television debut with "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi" in 2001.


Rajanikanta Sen

Rajanikanta Sen, also known as Kantakobi, (26 July 1865 – 13 September 1910) was a Bengali poet and composer, known for his devotional (bhakti) compositions, as well as his patriotic songs.

Harmeet Singh Sandhu

Harmeet Singh Sandhu is an Indian politician. He belongs to the Shiromani Akali Dal party. He is a former member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly and represented Tarn Taran from 2002 to 2017.

http://eciresults.nic.in/ConstituencywiseS1921.htm?ac=21 

Nishadas

Nishada is a tribe mentioned in ancient Indian literature (such as the epic "Mahabharata"). The ancient texts mention several kingdoms ruled by this tribe. In the Mahabharata, the Nishadas are described as hunters, fishermen, mountaineers or raiders that have the hills and the forests as their abode.

Gurpreet Singh (kabaddi)

Gurpreet Singh born 29 October 1979 is representative for India in the sport of Kabaddi. He was a member of the kabaddi team that won a gold medal in the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon.

Rangeela (1995 movie)

Rangeela is a 1995 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film written, directed and produced by Ram Gopal Varma. It stars Aamir Khan, Urmila Matondkar and Jackie Shroff. The film was A. R. Rahman's first Hindi film with an original score and soundtrack, as his previous Hindi releases were dubbed versions of his Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu films.

Raghaw Sharan Pandey

R. S. Pandey is a politician and a former Indian Administrative Service officer (batch of 1972 and retired in 2010). He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from December 2013 - October 2019, and a special invitee member of the BJP National Executive since March 2015.

Manmohini (TV series)

Manmohini is a Hindi supernatural romantic television series created by Prateek Sharma under LSD Films. It replaced Kaleerein in its timeslot. it aired from November 2018 through July 2020 on Zee TV for two seasons.


Gurdeep Pandher

Gurdeep Pandher is a Sikh-Canadian, Yukon-based author, teacher and performer, who makes Punjabi dance videos. Gurdeep was born into a farming family, in a small village in Siahar, Punjab.

Garima Vikrant Singh

Garima Vikrant Singh (Garima Srivastav) is an Indian actress best known for her role as Saraswati in Life OK's "Gustakh Dil". She appeared in shows like, "Choti Bahu" Season 2, (Zee TV), "Phir Subah Hogi" (Zee TV), "Rahe Tera Aasheervad" (Colors), "Chand ke paar Chalo" (Imagine) and "Parivaar" (Zee TV).


Ashok Selvan

Ashok Selvan (born 8 November 1989) is an Indian actor who works predominantly in Tamil cinema. He made his breakthrough playing one of the lead roles in "Soodhu Kavvum" (2013), before gaining critical acclaim for his performances in C. V. Kumar's productions " (2013)" and "Thegidi" (2014).


 

Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front

The Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front was a political coalition in Ethiopia from 1988 to 2019. It was made of four political parties: Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), Amhara Democratic Party (ADP), Oromo Democratic Party (ODP) and Southern Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement (SEPDM). After leading the overthrow of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, it dominated Ethiopian politics from 1991 to 2019. In November 2019 it was dissolved, and Prime Minister and the chairman Abiy Ahmed merged three of the constituent parties (not the TPLF) into his new Prosperity Party, which was officially founded on 1 December 2019.

Celeron

Celeron is a discontinued series of 32-bit computer microprocessor models manufactured by Intel. The first Celeron was released on April 15, 1998. The Celeron was based off the Pentium II, and was targeted at cheaper PCs.

Celerons usually, but not always, offer less power compared to Pentium, Core, and Xeon processors. Intel has sometimes disabled advanced features on their Celeron line due to it's subpar performance. Because of its lack of features and powers, Intel uses this as it's justification for the higher cost for it's higher-end processors.

The Intel Celeron first came into existence when Intel was planning to win over the cheaper processor markets, which it had multiple competitors in, namely AMD. They were considering a faster Pentium MMX, the industry-standard Socket 7 platform hosted a market of competitor CPUs. This presented a problem, as Intel didn't want their processors to be easily replaced. Instead, they made the Intel Celeron using a different socket based off the Pentium II product, using the Pentium II's proprietary Slot 1 interface.

On September 2022, Intel announced that the Celeron and Pentium would be discontinued and essentially merged into each-other into a CPU known as the "Intel Processor". It was also branded for low-end processors in desktops and laptops. It was scheduled to happen in 2023. In 2023, Intel discontinued the Intel Celeron and Pentium brands. However, it's worth nothing that both processors were slowly phased out. As of 2024, they have been fully phased out by Intel.

The name Celeron came from the Latin word "Celer" which means swift, as in the word 'accelerate', and 'on' as in 'turned on'. Celeron is seven letters and three syllables, like Pentium. The name was decided by the same firm who invented the "Pentium" name, Lexicon Branding, to devise a name for the new product. Another likely reason they chose the name was because the 'Cel' of Celeron rhymes with 'tel' of Intel.

As a cheaper, more lower-end processor, the Celeron does not support a dual-processor configuration using multiple CPU sockets. However it has been discovered that multiprocessing could be enabled on certain processors by doing some modifications to the pins on the CPU on Slot 1 Celerons. The unofficial support, made possible by the modifications users did, were eventually removed in later generations of Celeron. After this removal, dual-socket support is now limited to Intel Xeon's brand of processors. Eventually, Celeron released multi-core chips, though they are still limited to one socket.

Italian Somaliland

Italian Somalia, located in the eastern part of Africa, was a territory under Italian colonial rule for several decades. This region corresponds largely to what is known today as the Republic of Somalia. Italy began its colonization efforts in the in the 1880s. The northern half of Jubaland was given to Italy as a reward for the Italians' support of the Allies during World War I. It got full control of the area by the end of 1927 after signing treaties with local leaders and establishing settlements along the Somali coast.

In 1936, it was joined into Italian East Africa as the Somalia Governorate.

The Italians introduced infrastructure development projects. They built roads, schools, hospitals, and other public facilities. They also started administrative systems and influenced aspects of local culture, bringing Italian customs, language, and governance structures to the region.

Many Somalis until WW1 opposed the foreign rule imposed by the Italians and fought against their presence in various ways. There were several instances of unrest and uprisings as Somalis sought independence and autonomy from Italian control. But in the 1930s all Somalia was "pacified" and enjoyed a development in economy that was one of the biggest in Africa.

Italian Somalia faced various challenges during this initial time before WW1, including economic difficulties and environmental issues such as droughts. These challenges exacerbated tensions between the local population and the Italian authorities, leading to conflicts and opposition movements that were resolved in the late 1930s, when hundred of thousands somalis accepted to serve in military divisions for Italy during WW2. 

In 1941, during the East African campaign of World War II. Italian Somalia came under British military administration until 1950. Then it became a United Nations trusteeship. The Trust Territory of Somalia was under Italian administration. On 1 July 1960, the Trust Territory of Somalia united with the British Somaliland to form the Somali Republic.

The legacy of Italian Somalia persists in present-day Somalia. While Italian colonial rule brought some infrastructural developments and cultural influences (from the latin alphabet to the cuisine), it also left an initial complicated history of tensions, conflicts, and struggles for independence. The impacts of colonization (italian & english) continue to shape the social, political, and economic landscape of Somalia, influencing its ongoing challenges and efforts towards development and stability.

Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam

The Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam (GERD), formerly known as the Millennium Dam and sometimes referred to as the Hidase Dam, is a gravity dam on the Blue Nile River in Ethiopia. It was started in 2011. The dam is in the Benishangul-Gumuz Region of Ethiopia, about 14 km (9 mi) east of the border with Sudan.

The primary purpose of the dam is electricity production to relieve Ethiopia's acute energy shortage and for electricity export to neighbouring countries. With a planned installed capacity of 5.15 gigawatts, the dam will be the largest hydroelectric power plant in Africa when completed, as well as among the 20 largest in the world. Filling the dam's reservoir could reduce Nile flows by as much as 25% .

First phase of filling the reservoir began in July 2020 and in August 2020 water level increased to 540 meters (40 meters higher than the bottom of the river which is 500 meters above sea level). The second phase of filling was completed on 19 July 2021, with water levels increased to around 575 meters. The third filling was completed on 12 August 2022 to a level of 600 metres (2,000 ft). The fourth filling was completed on 11 September 2023 with water levels at around 625 meters. Actual water level (1 September 2023) is at around 620 meters and was measured using images from the Sentinel satellite. It will take between 4 and 7 years to fill with water, depending on hydrologic conditions during the filling period.

On 20 February 2022, the dam produced electricity for the first time, delivering it to the grid at a rate of 375 MW. A second 375 MW turbine was commissioned in August 2022.

Peter II of Russia

Peter II Alexeyevich (23 October 1715 – 30 January 1730) was Emperor of Russia from 1727 until his death in 1730. He was the son of Tsarevich Alexei Petrovich and Charlotte Christine of Brunswick-Lüneburg. After Catherine I's death. Alexander Menshikov and Prince Aleksey Dolgorukov influenced Peter, and this led to problems in running the country and making serfdom stronger. Peter's time as ruler was marked by confusion and not paying enough attention to important matters. Even though he was supposed to marry Ekaterina Dolgorukova, but he got sick with smallpox and died before the wedding. This made him the last male member of the House of Romanov.

Peter was born in Saint Petersburg on 23 October 1715. His father was Tsarevich Alexei Petrovich and mother was Charlotte Christine of Brunswick-Lüneburg, who had connections to European royalty. He was a cousin of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria.

When Peter was ten days old, his mother died. His father, Alexei, was accused of treason by Peter the Great and died in prison in 1718. So, Peter and his sister Natalya, who were only three and four years old, became orphans. Their grandfather didn't care about raising them because he disliked their father. Peter was kept in strict isolation since childhood.

Peter's early teachers were the wives of a tailor and a vintner, and a sailor named Norman taught him navigation. As he got older, a Hungarian noble named Janos (Ivan) Zeikin (Zékány), took care of his education.

Peter the Great died in 1725, and Catherine I succeeded him. Minister Menshikov, who helped Catherine become empress, replaced Peter's teachers with Count Ostermann. Ostermann's education plan included history, geography, math, and foreign languages, but Peter wasn't interested. He preferred hunting and feasting.

When Catherine I died in 1727, it became clear that Peter, as Peter the Great's grandson, couldn't be kept from his inheritance much longer. Most Russians and three-quarters of the nobility supported him. The Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI, who was married to Peter's mother's sister, urged Peter's claims. With Menshikov's efforts, Peter was named Catherine's heir, even though she had two daughters. The documentation also specified Peter's engagement to Menshikov's daughter Maria.

After Catherine died in May 1727, Peter II became emperor. Menshikov, a powerful figure, took control of Peter and his actions. For a few months, Menshikov was so feared and obeyed that even Peter the Great wasn't like that, says the Saxon ambassador. Menshikov became arrogant, issuing orders to the Emperor and taking gifts back. When Peter protested, Menshikov got sick, and his enemies used this chance. Under Ostermann and the Dolgorukovs' influence, Peter stripped Menshikov of his rank from September 1727, and sent him to Siberia. The engagement with Menshikov's daughter was also canceled.

The Senate, the Privy Council, and the guards pledged allegiance. Mathematician Christian Goldbach became Peter II's tutor, replacing Menshikov's choice, Andrey Osterman.

Peter II was smart but stubborn, like his grandfather. Unlike Peter the Great, he didn't want to learn to rule. Being young, he struggled to manage public affairs and rarely attended the Supreme Privy Council. This frustrated his subjects, and officials hesitated to make important decisions. The Russian fleet suffered, but Peter II didn't care. He made serfdom stricter by not allowing serfs to volunteer for military service and escape their status.

After Menshikov fell, Prince Aleksey Dolgorukov and his son Ivan became the Emperor's favorites. Ivan led Peter II into a reckless lifestyle—feasting, playing cards, and spending time with women. Peter II soon became addicted to alcohol.

The coronation of Peter II took place in Moscow on 9 January 1728, but he didn't pay much attention to running the country. Foreign witnesses said Russia was in a terrible mess with no one getting paid, and people were stealing. Moving the court back to Moscow in 1728 upset Saint Petersburg, a city Peter the Great worked hard to develop.

Peter II visited Saint Petersburg sometimes but mostly lived a carefree life, influenced by the Dolgorukovs. He became interested in Ekaterina Dolgorukova and got engaged to her, even though he wasn't really interested. The wedding was planned for 30 January 1730.

In December 1729, Peter II got seriously ill, and his condition worsened after a feast on 17 January 1730. He was diagnosed with smallpox, and in his delirium, he wanted to visit his sister who had already died. He died on January 30, the day he was supposed to marry Ekaterina Dolgorukova. He was buried in Moscow's Cathedral of the Archangel, an honor given to only a few Russian monarchs.

With Peter's death, the Romanov dynasty's direct male ended. Anna Ivanovna, daughter of Peter the Great's half-brother, became emperor.

US Navy classes

In the United States Navy, ships belong to different classes depending on how they are judged by the Secretary of the Navy under the President of the United States.

Jeanbon Saint-André

Jean Bon Saint-André ( 25 February 1749 – 10 December 1813) was a French politician of the Revolutionary era.

Lamech

Lamech was the son of Methuselah. He became the father of both sons and daughters. He named his son Noah “for he shall be a comfort to us”.

Jared (biblical figure)

Jared was the son of Mahalalel and the father of Enoch. He also had other sons and daughters

Mahalalel

Mahalalel was the son of Kenan. He became the father of Jared and also had other sons and daughters.

Kenan

Kenan was the son of Enosh. He became the father of Mahalalel and had sons and daughters.

Enosh

Enosh was the son of Seth. He became the father of Kenan and had sons and daughters.

Gregory (Five Nights at Freddy's)

Gregory (also known as GGY or Patient 46) is a major character in the Five Nights at Freddy's video game franchise. He is a young child who works for Glitchtrap with Vanny. However, he would later change himself and attempt to escape Freddy Fazbear's Pizza Place.
He serves as the main protagonist of the 2021 video game and a cameo character of its DLC expansion. He was also the secondary antagonist of the Tales from the Pizzaplex books, serving as the main antagonist of GGY, and a boss in Freddy in Space 3: Chica in Space.

Azure Dragon

The Azure Dragon", "called "Qinglong" in Chinese, is a Dragon God representing the forces of the Five Regions' Highest Deities. It is a part of the Chinese constellations known as the Four Symbols. It symbolizes the east and the spring season. People sometimes call it the 'Blue-green Dragon', 'Green Dragon', or the 'Blue Dragon'.

In various contexts, media, feng shui, and different cultures, this Dragon is known as the "Green Dragon" and the "Avalon Dragon". Its title for cardinal direction is the "Blue-green Dragon of the East" (Dōngfāng Qīnglóng). The same dragon is referred to as Seiryu in Japanese, Cheongryong in Korean, and Thanh Long in Vietnamese.

There are seven astrological "Mansions" (positions of the Moon) within the Azure Dragon. The names and their stars are following:

Züleyha Tan-Yıldız

Züleyha Tan-Yıldız (born 2 April 1968) is a Turkish taekwondo athlete. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the featherweight event. 

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships, she won the bronze medal and at the European Taekwondo Championships she became European champion in 1986 and 1988.

She is the older sister, Arzu Tan (born 1973 in Istanbul) who also became a taekwondo athlete and world champion in 1991.

Judith Pirchmoser

Judith Pirchmoser (born 20 April 1968) is an Austrian taekwondo practitioner, and fitness instructor. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1990 and bronze medal in 1992 and 1994.


AEW Full Gear

AEW Full Gear is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is held in the November time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views. The name of the event is a reference to a segment from the YouTube series "Being The Elite".

Pseudophilautus popularis

The common shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus popularis") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 0 and 1067 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 17.7 – 21.3 mm long in from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 23.0 – 25.6 mm long when her body is full of eggs. The top of the frog's head and back are brown in color. The sides of the body are dark brown or black in color with some white or light blue marks. The area near where the back legs meet the body is gray-brown in color. The area around the eardrum has blue dots. The legs are brown with darker brown stripes across. The belly is gray-brown in color. The bottoms of the back legs are yellow in color. The webbed skin on the feet is yellow in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and because pollution, chemicals that make crops grow, and chemicals that kill pests can also kill the frog. Scientists have seen that one of the places where the frog lives, Bellanwila-Attidiya sanctuary, is a protected park.

Health in Switzerland

In 2015, Switzerland had the lowest mortality rate in Europe, at 331 per 100,000 population. It had the highest rate of death from drug use at 3 per 100,000. Life expectancy in 2013 was 80.5 years for men and 84.8 years for women. There are 220,000 regular consumers of cannabis. Mental health problems are common, affecting about a fifth of the population. 

Goitre and associated deaf-muteism was widespread in Switzerland until the 1920s. In 1921 30% of 19-year-old Swiss conscripts had a goitre. In Bern, 94% of schoolchildren had some swelling of the neck and almost 70% had a goitre. About 10% of children were born with what was then known as cretinism. They grew little more than a metre tall, and had compressed features, thick skin, thin hair and distended bellies. They could not hear or speak and were profoundly brain-damaged. In 1883 a survey of goitre found rates were low in the Jura mountains and in the southern canton of Ticino, but very high in the rest of the country. In some villages one third of the people were deaf. Dr Heinrich Hunziker, a GP in Adliswil, discovered the cause in 1914 - a lack of iodine. In the last ice age, a permanent ice sheet formed over the Alps. It thawed and refroze in stages, and with every thaw, meltwater washed the iodine out of the soil. When iodised salt was introduced, first in the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in 1922, goitre and associated problems disappeared. Since 1930, no babies have been born in Switzerland with congenital iodine deficiency syndrome.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 3)

The third series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on 26 January 2004 and ended on 9 February 2004. The programme ran for 15 days (16 days if counting the morning the finalists exited) and was sponsored by First Choice Holidays. The series was won by Kerry Katona (McFadden at the time).

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 4)

The fourth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on November to December 2005. The series was won by comedian Joe Pasquale with Paul Burrell came in second place by a 2% margin.

AEW Double or Nothing

AEW Double or Nothing is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is held in the May time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views. The name of the event comes from a promo that Cody Rhodes did after All In in which he said "I know when you make a bet, sometimes you go double or nothing".

The Stadium Stampede and Anarchy in the Arena matches are usually held during the pay-per-view.

Ayat Al-Qurmezi

Ayat Hassan Mohammed Al-Qurmezi (Arabic: آيات حسن محمد القرمزي; also Al-Qormezi, al-Ghermezi; born 1 January 1991) is a Bahraini Poet, Student and Activist. Al-Qurmezi became famous in Bahrain and around the world when she recited a poem during the 2011 Bahrain Uprising, criticizing the government's policies to a gathering of pro-democracy protesters at the Pearl Roundabout. Her poem spread widely on social media. But after this, both Ayat and her family faced harassment "(both online and offline)" and threats of violence. In 2015, she won the Student Peace Prize for "her unwavering struggle for democracy and human rights in Bahrain".

Ayat Al-Qurmezi was born on 1 January, 1991, in the town of Sanad, Bahrain. She is a notable poet and activist known for her outspokenness and involvement in the pro-democracy movement in Bahrain during the 2011 Bahrain Uprising. She has 4 brothers. In the 1990s her father and 2 of her brothers had also been imprisoned for speaking about political reforms.

She gained widespread attention for her poetry recitations criticizing the government particularly King Hamad and advocating for political reform during the Arab Spring protests in Bahrain in 2011. Her powerful verses resonated with many seeking social and political change in the country. Her house address was leaked openly through local news channels "(so that pro-government supporters attacked her)" making her go into a hideout for some days. On 6 March 2011, she read a poem to the crowd at Pearl Roundabout which criticized King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. One of the lines from her poem, translates to: "We are the people who will kill humiliation and assassinate misery. Don't you hear their cries? Don't you hear their screams?"

Al-Qurmezi's activism and expressive poetry led to her arrest in March 2011, sparking international concern over her detention and the crackdown on dissent in Bahrain. The arrest was done by Bahrain police hiding their face with masks and storming the house of Ayat's family at night. When they didn't find Ayat their, they held her father at gunpoint and told the family to tell where Ayat was hiding. Her mother eventually disclosed the location, that she was at her cousin's house. The police went there and after beating her several times, arrested her. She was sentenced to one year in prison for charges related to her participation in protests and reciting poems critical of King Hamad.

Her imprisonment and later torture in prison drew widespread condemnation from human rights organizations such as Amnesty International and activists globally, with many advocating for her release and highlighting her case as representative of the broader struggle for freedom of expression in Bahrain. Because of the international pressure, she was released after 3 months and 16 days.

Despite facing hardships, Ayat Al-Qurmezi's resilience and courage in using her poetry as a means of activism have left a lasting impact, symbolizing the ongoing fight for human rights and freedom of speech in Bahrain. Her work continues to inspire others in advocating for social and political change.

List of poets from the United States

This is a list of poets from the United States, or American poets, that have written important poetry or famous poetry.

Poets that are alive, are at the bottom of the list.









































































I’m a Celebrity…South Africa

I'm a Celebrity... South Africa is an ITV reality television series, with the premise being an All Star edition of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" featuring campmates from previous series. The series aired between 24 April and 12 May 2023. Ant & Dec presented the series.

On 12 May 2023, series 6 runner-up Myleene Klasswas crowned winner of the series after defeating series 16 campmate Jordan Banjo in the final survival trial, who ultimately finished as runner-up.

AEW Revolution

AEW Revolution is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and is held in the March time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar. The event was first held in Feburary but got pushed to March because of the Canelo Alvarez vs. Avni Yildirim fight aired the same night. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 19)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its nineteenth series on 17 November 2019 on ITV. This series featured McPartlin's return as the show’s co-host, who was replaced by "This Morning co"-presenter Holly Willoughby in 2018, after deciding to take a year’s hiatus from television. He appeared again alongside Declan Donnelly. The series opening episode was watched by 13.17 million people.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 20)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twentieth series on 15 November 2020 on ITV. Due to the COVID-19 travel restrictions, the series was not filmed in Australia for the first time in the show's history, but was instead filmed at Gwrych Castle in Abergele, Wales.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 21)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twenty-first series on 21 November 2021 on ITV. As with series 20, due to COVID-19 travel restrictions, the series was filmed at Gwrych Castle in Abergele, Wales.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 22)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twenty-second series on 6 November 2022 on ITV.The series returned to Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Australia, for the first time since 2019, following the easing of travel restrictions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. Ant & Dec returned to present the series.

AEW All Out

AEW All Out is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is held in the September time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar, usually around Labor Day weekend. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views. The name "All In" was owned by Ring of Honor (ROH) at the time and AEW owner Tony Khan didn't want to get sued so he chose the name "All Out" for his pay-per-view. Khan would later purchase and own Ring of Honor.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 23)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twenty-third series on 19 November 2023 on ITV. The series is being filmed in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, with Ant & Dec returning to present the series.

Following the conclusion of the twenty-second series, ITV confirmed an "All-Stars" series "I'm a Celebrity...South Africa" featuring previous contestants, which aired earlier in 2023 and was won by Myleene Klass. The first trailer for the twenty-third series aired in October 2023, which featured a ten-second clip of presenters Ant & Dec working at a luxury "Jungle Retreat" and with an added voiceover speaking the words "Come away with us [to the Jungle Retreat]". A further extended trailer was released a week later, teasing the series as a peaceful and relaxing setting fit for a celebrity with Ant & Dec undertaking jobs such as pouring mealworms into a bath. It also included a voiceover describing the eating trials as "exotic cuisine" and enticing celebrities to join the "ultimate jungle experience". The trailer also features a five-star "Jungle Retreat" sign as well as an aerial view of the beach overseeing Ant & Dec writing the words "Get Me Out of He[re]" in the sand.

The original line-up was announced by ITV on 13 November 2023. On 22 November 2023, Frankie Dettori and Tony Bellew were confirmed as this year's late arrivals. Grace Dent and Jamie Lynn Spears both withdrew from the series due to "medical grounds" on 27 and 29 November respectively. On 6th December, it was announced that Jamie Lynn Spears left the jungle without “medical reason” and she was reportedly in talks to quit I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! for days, it has been claimed.
On 29 November Spears withdrew from I'm a Celebrity for "medical reasons" but on 5 December Spears took part in a group dance performance on season 32 of Dancing with the Stars.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 5)

The fifth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on 20 November 2005 and ended on 5 December 2005. The programme ran for 16 days (18 days if counting the day the celebrities arrived and the morning the finalists exited). The series was won by Carol Thatcher.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 6)

"I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here!" returned to ITVfor a sixth series on Monday 13 November 2006 and ran until Friday 1 December 2006. Once again the series was hosted by Ant and Dec.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 8)

I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! returned to ITV1 for an eighth series from 16 November to 5 December 2008. Ant & Dec returned to present the main show on ITV, whilst Matt Willis, Emma Willis and Mark Durden-Smith returned to host spin-off show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! NOW!" on ITV2. It was the first series to use a redesigned logo, which imitates the Hollywood Sign. The winner of this series was Joe Swash.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 9)

"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" returned to ITV1and ITV2 for a ninth series on 15 November 2009. It broadcast for three weeks and concluded on 4 December 2009. There was however an additional "Coming Out" episode on 7 December 2009, showing all the celebrities and what they did after they left the jungle.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 10)

"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" returned for its tenth series on 14 November 2010. It ran for 3 weeks. Ant & Dec returned as the presenters for the main show, and its spin off show "Get Me out of Here... Now"returned, with Caroline Flack and Joe Swash as main presenters. On 4 December 2010, singer Stacey Solomon won the show.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 11)

"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" returned for its eleventh series on 13 November 2011, where  Ant & Dec were back as presenters. On its spin off show, "Get Me Out of Here NOW!," Laura Whitmore, Russell Kaneand Joe Swash were new presenters.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 12)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twelfth series on 11 November 2012 and finished on 1 December 2012. Ant & Dec returned as main hosts, with Laura Whitmore and Joe Swash returning as hosts of spin-off show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! NOW!". On 16 June 2012, it was announced that Russell Kane would be leaving "Get Me Out of Here! NOW!". He has been replaced by comedian Rob Beckett.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 13)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its thirteenth series on 17 November 2013 on ITV, and ended on 8 December 2013.
United Democratic Party (Belize)

The United Democratic Party (UDP) is one of the two major political parties in Belize. It is currently the main opposition party. It lost the 2020 Belizean general election, after previously holding the government for three terms. Founded as a centre-right conservative party, the UDP is led by Shyne Barrow.

The party had been in power since 7 February 2008. It attempted to win a fourth consecutive general election. UDP Leader and Prime Minister, Dean Barrow stated he would step down from both positions on 2 November 2020, after the new Prime Minister of Belize has been officially sworn-in by Govonor-General, Colville Young. The UDP scheduled a May 2019 convention and election, but after Barrow’s cabinet urged him to stay on as Prime Minister and Leader of the UDP, he pushed back that date in January 2019 to February 2020. On 10 August 2019, The UDP’s National Party Council met and set the date of the UDP’s leadership convention and election on 9 February 2019. The venue will be at the Belize Civic Centre, according to the party organ, The Guardian. Deputy Prime Minister of Belize, Patrick Faber and Minister of National Security and Defence, John Saldivar contested the position of UDP Leader. Minister of Health, Pablo Marin contested the position of Deputy Leader. Minister of Natural Resources, Hugo Patt also contested for Deputy Leader. Patt and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Wilfred Elrington were mentioned as possible candidates to contest the position of UDP Leader. However, both declined in June 2018. On 5 June 2019, Belize Breaking News (BBN) published an article stating that the UDP has a high chance of capitalising and making history by wining a fourth consecutive term come 2020, given the results of the 2019 Belizean territorial dispute referendum went in the favour of the UDP. The UDP was long campaigning for an “Yes” vote to bring Guatemala’s claim to the International Court of Justice (ICJ), while the PUP eyed the “No” vote while some of its Politicians still supported “Yes” as they thought that was the right thing to do. A victory in the next election would be monumental as the party navigates new Leadership with the departure of several senior members. The UDP Cabinet, though marred by waves of scandal and revelations of systemic corruption across Government departments throughout its 11-year reign, has withered the political storms.

People's United Party

The People's United Party (PUP) is one of two major political parties in Belize. It is currently the governing party of Belize after success in the 2020 Belizean general election. It won a majority of 26 seats out of 31 in the Belizean House of Representatives. It is a centre-left Christian democratic party. The party leader is Johnny Briceño, who is the Prime Minister of Belize.

Despite gains in Belize City in the 2015 election, most notably Kareem Musa’s upset win over Belize City Mayor, Darrell Bradley in the Caribbean Shores constituency, it remained at 11 seats overall thanks to losses in the Cayo and Corozal Districts. The PUP ran in 2020 with Johnny Briceño as it's Leader. Francis Fonseca, who led the party during the past two general elections, resigned from leadership soon after the party’s 2015 loss. 

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 14)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its fourteenth series on 16 November 2014 on ITV and ended on 7 December 2014.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 16)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its sixteenth series on 13 November 2016 on ITV. It was the second in a three-year contract, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the "Coming Out" show on 9 December 2015.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 17)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its seventeenth series on 19 November 2017 on ITV. The series is the third in a three-year contract, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the Coming Out show in December 2016.
Jim Bankoff

James Phillip Bankoff (born December 23, 1969) is an American businessman who helped create the media company Vox Media. He is also the chief executive officer, which means he makes big decisions at the company. 

Bankoff was born in December 23, 1969 and raised in the United States. He earned his Master of Business Administration degree at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Bankoff helped "SB Nation's" first time raising money. He became its chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) in January 2009. He expanded "SB Nation"'s network and number of writers. In November 2011, Bankoff co-founded Vox Media as the parent company for "SB Nation" and "The Verge". As Vox Media's chairman and CEO, Bankoff grew the company through acquisitions. He oversees the company's media brands.

Sprite Winter Spiced Cranberry

Sprite Winter Spiced Cranberry (or Sprite Cranberry) is a limited edition version of the soft-drink Sprite. Sprite Cranberry is owned by the Coca-Cola Company. The drink came out in 2013. This version was created to combat the drink Mist Twist Cranberry Splash by PepsiCo.The drink is limited to only come out during the winter season. The drink got popular because in 2017 LeBron James was featured in an animated commercial where he said the now famous quote, "Want a sprite cranberry?". Sprite Cranberry takes tangy cranberry flavor and seamlessly mixes it with the original Sprite, creating something entirely spectacular and unique. Something that still promises to deliver the crisp, refreshing, and intense taste you love, but with an added twist. There are different sizes ranging from the 7.5 fl oz, 12 fl oz, 16.9 fl oz, 20 fl oz, 2 Liters. There is also a zero sugar version of Sprite Cranberry. 

7.5 fl oz: 

12 fl oz: 

16.9 fl oz: 

20 fl oz:

2 Liter: 

Dan Olaru

Dan Olaru (born 11 November 1996) is a Moldovan archer. Olaru competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Nadejda Palovandova

Nadejda Palovandova (born 1 September 1975) is a Moldovan archer. Palovandova competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

List of Sony Music artists

This is a list of recording artists signed to Sony Music Entertainment.




 Carrie Underwood (Arista Nashville)

Camela Fallah

Camelia Fallah (; born 3 January 2002) is an Iranian professional footballer. He currently plays for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League.

Steeven Saba

Steeven Saba (born 24 February 1993) is a Haitian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ligue Haïtienne club Violette and the Haiti national team.

Garry Winogrand

Garry Winogrand (January 14, 1928 – March 19, 1984) was an American street photographer, known for his portrayal of U.S. life and its social issues, in the mid-20th century.

Love Island (2015 TV series)

Love Island is a British dating game show. It is a revival of the earlier celebrity series of the same name, which aired for two series in 2005 and 2006.

"Love Island Pool Party" compilation albums have been released by Ministry of Sound since 2018. A "Love Island" app was released in 2017 


CAP theorem

The CAP theorem, also known as Brewer's theorem, is a concept in distributed computing that outlines the trade-offs between three crucial properties—Consistency, Availability, and Partition Tolerance. Proposed by Eric Brewer around the year 2000, the CAP theorem asserts that, in a distributed data store, it is impossible to simultaneously guarantee all three of the following:


In a distributed system, network partitions (communication breakdowns between nodes) are inevitable. The CAP theorem acknowledges that, during a network partition, a choice must be made between providing consistency or availability. This led to the famous saying that in the event of a network partition, a system can either be "consistent and partition-tolerant (CP)" or "available and partition-tolerant (AP)."

The CAP theorem is a fundamental principle in designing and understanding distributed systems, influencing architects and engineers in making decisions about system trade-offs based on the specific requirements and priorities of their applications.

Veronika Zhilina

Zhilina was born on 15 May 2008 in Arkhangelsk, Russia. She is a junior high school student and her hobbies include practicing sports. Her younger sister, Alena, is a figure skater as well.


Rasika Dugal

Rasika Dugal is an Indian actress. She is known for her roles in several Indian movies and television shows.

Sam Bahadur (movie)

Sam Bahadur is an upcoming Indian Hindi language biographical war drama movie. It is based on the life of India's first field marshal, Sam Manekshaw. It is directed by Meghna Gulzar and produced by Ronnie Screwvala, under the banner of RSVP Movies. The movie stars Vicky Kaushal, Sanya Malhotra, Fatima Sana Shaikh and others.


On 13 October 2023 the official teaser was released by the RSVP Movies production. The movie will be theatrically release on 1 December 2023.

Naveen Andrews

Naveen William Sidney Andrews (born 17 January 1969) is a British actor. He played Sayid Jarrah in the television series "Lost" (2004–2010),

River Garry, Perthshire

The River Garry () is a major tributary of the River Tummel, itself a tributary of the River Tay, in the traditional county of Perthshire in the Scottish Highlands.

Loch Naver

Loch Naver is a large loch in the Farr Parish of Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in Northern Scotland. The B873 main road is on the north side of the loch. The loch has many settlements and former settlements on its shores and more larger ones in its vicinity.

Historically Loch Naver was a popular area for Crofting and Fishing throughout most of the 19th Century, before the Sutherland Clearances forced tenants out of the area leaving most of the settlements on the loch abandoned. The area is now a minor tourist destination and a popular area for fishing.

The name of Loch Naver is one of the oldest in Great Britain, writings of Ptolomy from the 2nd Century mention the area now known as Strathnaver from the Greek word ""Nabh"" believed to roughly mean cloud or wet cloud. It is believed that it was named like this because of the fog in the area. Loch Naver is the source of the water which runs through this valley and inherited the same name.

The entire Strathnaver area is believed to have had residents since the last Ice Age but might have even inhabited by Neanderthals at one point. The oldest evidence of residence on the banks of the Loch date back to around 100 BC with a Broch located in the settlement of Grummore. By the 11th Century, the area was rules by the Earls of Caithness however in the late 12th Century the area was taken over by the Norse after a battle at Dalharrold at the eastern edge of the Loch. Around this time, many crofting and fishing settlements were inhabited on the Loch. Including Grummore, Klibreck, Reidhachaisteil, Dailmalhard, Dalharrold and Ruighnasealbhaig.

Loch Naver and the area around it, were affected a lot by the sutherland clearances. The clearances began in 1813 around the entire Strathnaver area however it isn't clear if any of the evictions were on the Loch. In 1819 clearances continued at a much larger scale including the depopulation of the entire settlement of Grummore and by the end of the 19th Century the banks of Loch Naver were almost completely unpopulated.

Loch Naver is the head and the source of Strathnaver, it is elevated 75 metres above sea level, the Loch is around 6 miles (10 km) in length and averages around one third of a mile (600m) in width. The area of the loch is 2 and one quarter square miles or 1446 acres.

The primary inflow into the Loch is the River Mudale which flows from Loch Meadie and Loch Fiag. The river flows into the Loch from the North-Western edge of the Loch. Other inflows include the River Vagastie, Grummore Burn and the Klibreck Burn.

The Primary Outflow of Loch Naver is The River Naver.

Loch Naver has the following settlements on its shores:


And there are also some near its shores:


Locomotive 132 of the Highland Railway Loch Class was named after the Loch.

Gurpreet Bedi

Gurpreet Bedi is an Indian actress. She is best known for her character 'Reeva' in Sony Television's Dil Hi Toh Hai. She has an elder sister named Supreet Bedi, who is also an actress and tv presenter.


Murshidabad-Jiaganj

Murshidabad-Jiaganj is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.

Gyani Shah

Gyaani Shah (15 June 1923 – 8 December 2012), is the first Nepalese woman to join Nepal Army. She is also known for one of the first people in Nepal to promote Christian religion in Nepal after miraculously being saved by a Christian lady.


Turkistan (city)

Turkistan (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Turkistan Region. As of 2023, the population of the city is 220,133.

Turkistan is one of the most old cities of Kazakhstan.

Arys, Kazakhstan

Arys () is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 51,997 and the population of urban area is 78,997.

It is on the left bank of the Arys River, which flows into the Syr Darya River.

Zhetisay

Zhetisay (, ) is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. There are 45,130 people living there (as of 2023).

It was founded in 1939. It was given city status in 1969.

Kentau

Kentau () is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 74,464 and the population of urban area is 99,400.

The city was called Mirgalimsay. In 1955 it was renamed to Kentau and given city status.

Neeraj Shridhar

Neeraj Shridhar is an Indian film composer and singer-songwriter who was the lead vocalist of Indian pop and rock group Bombay Vikings. Bombay Vikings became popular with remix hits like "Kya Soorat Hai", "Woh Chali" and "Chod Do Anchal."


Saryagash

Saryagash (, ) is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 61,482.

Saryagash is close to Uzbekistan, 10 km from the border.

Girdhari L. Tikku

Giridhari (Giri) Lal Tikku (18 August 1925 in Kashmir-14 August 1996) was a Kashmiri linguist and literary scholar and Professor of Persian and Asian Studies at the University of Illinois. He was known for his works on Persian literature.

 
Girish Kumar

Girish Kumar Taurani (born 30 January 1989) is an Indian actor working in the Hindi film industry. Kumar made his Bollywood debut with the romantic comedy film "Ramaiya Vastavaiya", opposite Shruti Haasan, which was released on 19 July 2013.

Lenger

Lenger (, ) is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. There are 33,841 people living there (as of 2023).

Lenger used to be the village of "Lenger-sai". In 1945 it received city status.

Golagheh Mordeh

Golagheh Mordeh is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 27 families.

Himani Bannerji

Himani Bannerji (born 1942) is a Canadian writer, sociologist, scholar, and philosopher from Kolkata, West Bengal, India. She teaches in the Department of Sociology, the Graduate Programme in Social and Political Thought, and the Graduate Programme in Women's Studies at York University in Canada. She is also known for her activist work and poetry. She received her B.A. and M.A. in English from Visva-Bharati University and Jadavpur University respectively, and her M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Toronto.


Shardara

Shardara () is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. There are 32,107 people that live there (as of 2023).

Water is taken from the Shardara Reservoir ().

Garment Workers' Union

The Garment Workers' Union was a trade union representing workers in the clothing industry in Norway.

 
Valashahr

valashar (, also Romanized as Vālāshāhr) is a city and capital of Jereh and Baladeh District, in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.

Upington

Upington is a city in the Northern Cape province of South Africa. It is on the banks of the Orange River. The town was founded in 1873. It was originally called Olijvenhoutsdrift, olive trees are common in the area. It was later renamed after Sir Thomas Upington, Attorney-General and then Prime Minister of the Cape. At the start it was a mission station established in 1871 and run by Reverend Christiaan Schröder. The mission station now houses the Kalahari Orange Museum. The museum is also the home of a donkey statue, which recognises the enormous contribution that this animal made to the development of the region during the pioneering days of the 19th century.

Upington is at a height of 2,742 feet (835 metres). It is the closest large centre to the Augrabies Falls and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. The landscape is very arid but the soil is fertile and crops such as fruit are grown in irrigated fields. The area is best known for its export-quality grapes, raisins and wines, which are cultivated on the rich flood plains of the Orange River.

Akshay Oberoi

Akshay Oberoi (born 1 January 1985) is an American actor of Indian descent, who works in Hindi films. After making his acting debut as a child in the 2002 comedy-drama "American Chai", Oberoi played his first leading role in Rajshri Productions film "Isi Life Mein" (2010). Oberoi has received critical acclaim for his work.

 

Ganesha Temple, Morgaon

Shri Mayureshwar Mandir or Shri Moreshwar Temple is a Hindu temple ("mandir") dedicated to Ganesha, god of wisdom. It is located in Moragaon in Pune District, about 65 km away from Pune city in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The temple is the starting and ending point of a pilgrimage of eight revered Ganesha temples called Ashtavinayaka.

Lisky, Kyiv

Lisky is a locality, a settlement in the Dniprovskyi District, Kyiv, bordering Stara Darnytsia in the west. It stretches along Almatynska, Profspilkova, Kalachivska and Vilnyuska streets.

Loretta Brown

Loretta Brown is a fictional character from the animated television series "Family Guy". The character is voiced by actress Alex Borstein and first appeared in the episode titled "Death is a Bitch," which originally aired on February 26, 2000. Loretta is a supporting character and is known for her role as Cleveland Brown's wife.

Loretta is portrayed as a loving and supportive wife to Cleveland Brown, one of the main characters in "Family Guy". Her character is defined by her calm demeaner and patience, often serving as a stabilizing force in the chaotic world of the show. Loretta and Cleveland have a son named Cleveland Jr.

In the fourth season of "Family Guy", Loretta's character underwent a significant development. In the episode titled "Peter's Got Woods" (November 6, 2005), Loretta discovers that Cleveland has been neglecting her emotional needs, leading to the end of their marriage. Subsequently, Loretta divorces Cleveland and leaves Quahog to move to Smethwick, Birmingham.


While Loretta Brown is no longer an active character on "Family Guy", her presence is still felt through references and flashbacks. The character's departure had a lasting impact on the show's narrative and character relationships.


[1] "Death is a Bitch" - "Family Guy", Season 2, Episode 6, February 26, 2000.

[2] "Peter's Got Woods" - "Family Guy", Season 4, Episode 11, November 6, 2005.

Jaytime

Jaytime, is an Afrobeat artist celebrated for his remarkable versatility. He blends traditional African rhythms with modern beats, resulting in a captivating sound that resonates.

He is the founder of Sweetstars Entertainment.

Jaytime gained recognition with the track ""Come to Me"." "Subsequently", he released ""Kiss N Tell"" featuring Buju, now known as Bnxn, and "Never Say Never" in 2022. His EP, "Sweetnibes Vol 1", released in January 2023, further solidified his position in the music scene. The track "Basically" received significant recognition on popular streaming platforms.

List of extended plays with selected details
List of charted singles, with selected chart positions

Little Nightmares II

Little Nightmares II is a puzzle-platform horror adventure game made by Tarsier Studios and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. It is the prequel to the first game, "Little Nightmares" (2017). The story shows Mono, who has to work together with Six, the protagonist from the first game, to survive the scary things of the Pale City and discover its dark secrets. The game was released for Google Stadia, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Windows and Xbox One on 11 February 2021. An updated version, named "Little Nightmares II: Enhanced Edition", was made by Supermassive Games and released on 25 August 2021 for PlayStation 5, Windows, and Xbox Series X/S.

The game got mostly good reviews when it came out. The players/reviewers liked its graphics, atmosphere, gameplay, and sound. But some did not like the controls and found a few accidental glitches. It sold a million copies worldwide in just one month. A sequel was made called ""Little Nightmares III"", which is still in development by Supermassive Games. It is announced to be released around 2024.

Nancy Fraser

Nancy Fraser (; born May 20, 1947) is an American philosopher. She is professor of of philosophy at The New School in New York City, and she also has the title "the Henry A. and Louise Loeb Professor of Political and Social Science" at that university.

She was president of the American Philosophical Association Eastern Division (during or) for the 2017–2018 term.

Magadha

Magadha was a kingdom located in southern northeastern India and Nepal. It went through different dynasties like the Brihadratha, Haryanka, Shaishunaga, Nanda, Mauryan, Shunga, and Kanva dynasties. Over time, Magadha lost some of its lands to the Satavahanas in 28 BC and became a smaller principality.

During the time of the Mauryas, Magadha became a large empire, covering a big part of north India and Nepal. Magadha was central to the Nanda Empire, Maurya Empire, Shunga Empire, and Gupta Empire. The Pala Empire also ruled over Magadha and had a royal camp in Pataliputra. Even after the major empires, the Pithipatis of Bodh Gaya continued to call themselves Magadhādipati and ruled parts of Magadha until the 13th century.

Before Magadha expanded, its kingdom was limited by the Ganges, Son, and Campā rivers to the north, west, and east, while the southern border was formed by the eastern spurs of the Vindhya mountains. This initial Magadha kingdom covered what is now Patna and Gaya districts in the Indian state of Bihar.

Greater Magadha, which was part of the eastern Gangetic plains, included nearby areas and parts of Nepal, and had its own unique culture and beliefs.

The Magadha people are mentioned in ancient texts like the Atharvaveda along with other groups. The main part of their kingdom was in Bihar, south of the Ganges River. Their first capital was Rajagriha, later known as Rajgir, and then Pataliputra, which is modern Patna. Magadha grew by conquering Vajjika League and Anga, covering most of Bihar and parts of Bengal, Jharkhand, Orissa, Uttar Pradesh, and Nepal.

The kingdom is talked about in Jain and Buddhist texts, as well as in the Ramayana, Mahabharata, and the Puranas. The early rulers are not well-known, but the Haryanka dynasty led for about 200 years from 543 to 413 BCE. Gautama Buddha, the founder of Buddhism, lived in Magadha, gaining enlightenment in Bodh Gaya and giving his first sermon in Sarnath.

The Haryanka dynasty was followed by the Shishunaga dynasty, and later, Mahapadma Nanda ended their rule in 345 BCE. Chandragupta Maurya defeated the Nandas around 321 BCE, starting the Mauryan Empire. Under King Ashoka, it expanded across India. After the Mauryan Empire, the Shunga and Khārabēḷa empires followed, replaced by the Gupta Empire. The Gupta capital remained in Pataliputra in Magadha.

Following is the Chronology of rulers according to the Buddhist Mahavamsa:

Lita Ford

Lita Rossana Ford (born 19 September 1958) is an English-born guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter. She was the lead guitarist for the all-female rock band the Runaways in the late 1970s, and then embarked on a successful glam metal solo career that hit its peak in the late 1980s. The 1989 single "Close My Eyes Forever", a duet with Ozzy Osbourne, remains Ford's most successful song, reaching No. 8 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.



Thomism

Thomism is a philosophy and theology school based on the ideas of Thomas Aquinas, a Dominican philosopher and theologian from the 1200s. His famous works include disputed questions and commentaries on Aristotle in philosophy, and the Summa Theologica in theology, which is very important in medieval theology and still guides the Catholic Church's philosophy and theology.

Pope Pius X in 1914 emphasized that understanding the Church's teachings requires knowing Thomas's fundamental ideas. According to him, these ideas are like the solid base for understanding both natural and divine things. If these principles are ignored, it becomes hard for students to grasp the meanings of the Church's teachings.

Thomas Aquinas believed in accepting truth from any source. He combined ideas from Greek, Roman, Islamic, and Jewish philosophers. He was a realist, meaning he thought the world could be known as it is. Thomas often supported Aristotle's views and used Aristotle's terms and ideas. He also followed some neoplatonic principles, such as the belief in God as the essential being and everything being good by participating in this essential goodness.

Aquinas changed the direction of Scholasticism, moving it from neoplatonism to Aristotle's ideas. This shift had a big impact on Catholicism and the ethics of the Catholic school, making it one of the most influential philosophies ever. Many people follow its teachings.

However, during Aquinas' time, some of his ideas were banned in Paris by Bishop Stephen Tempier, and some were condemned by ecclesiastical authorities in 1277. The Franciscan Order opposed Aquinas, while the Dominicans defended his work. Early critics included William de la Mare, Henry of Ghent, Giles of Rome, and Jon Duns Scotus. On the other hand, defenders included Albertus Magnus, Richard Knapwell, William Macclesfeld, Giles of Lessines, John of Quidort, Bernard of Auvergne, and Thomas of Sutton.

Aquinas was canonized in 1323, and the condemnation of 1277 was revoked. Later, Thomism faced challenges from the via moderna, especially from William of Ockham and followers. Dominican theologians mainly held on to Thomism, and it gained strength in the 16th century in the Iberian Peninsula, with figures like Francisco de Vitoria, Domingo de Soto, John of St. Thomas, Domingo Báñez, and others.

In the modern period, Pope Leo XIII tried to revive Thomism with the encyclical Aeterni Patris in 1879. This led to Neothomism, which emphasized the ethical aspects of Thomism. It dominated the Roman Catholic Church until the Second Vatican Council. Thomism is still an influential philosophy in Catholicism today, although the Church does not favor one philosophy over others.

In recent times, the cognitive neuroscientist Walter Freeman suggests that Thomism is a philosophical system that aligns well with the understanding of cognition in neuroscience.

Paris-Saclay

Paris-Saclay is a technology and science park near Saclay in Île-de-France. It includes research institutions, two large French universities with higher education institutions ("grandes écoles") and also research centers of private companies. In 2013, Technology Review ranked Paris-Saclay among the top 8 research groups in the world. In 2014, it represented almost 15% of France's scientific research capacity.

The first settlements date back to the 1950s, and the area expanded several times in the 1970s and 2000s. Several campus development projects are currently underway, including the relocation of some facilities.

The area is now home to many of the largest high-tech companies in Europe, as well as the two best French universities, the Paris-Saclay University (CentraleSupélec, ENS Paris-Saclay, ...) and the Polytechnic Institute of Paris (École polytechnique, Télécom Paris, HEC Paris ...). In the ARWU 2020 ranking, Paris-Saclay University is ranked 14th in the world for mathematics and 9th in the world for physics (1st in Europe).

The goal was to strengthen the cluster to create an international science and technology center that could compete with other high-tech districts like Silicon Valley or Cambridge, MA.


Teodoru di Neuhoff

Theodore I of Corsica (25 August 1694 – 11 December 1756), born Freiherr Theodor Stephan von Neuhoff, was a German adventurer who was briefly King of Corsica. Theodore is the subject of an opera by Giovanni Paisiello, "Il re Teodoro in Venezia" (1784, Vienna), and one of the six kings in Venice in Voltaire's Theodore has a son Colonel Frederick who is the Head of House von Neuhoff.

Colonel Frederick

He was born c.1725 and came to London c.1750, but his place of origin is unknown. He claimed to be the son of King Theodore of Corsica, and adopted the title of Prince of Caprera, serving in the army of King Frederick II of Prussia
Puffin Browser

Puffin Browser is a remote browser made by Cloudmosa, an American technology company founded by Shopyn Shen. The browser was first released in the year 2010 and used encrypted servers to load web pages. According to some tests because of browser running on remote servers, the browser may be faster then a normal browser such as chrome and firefox. The browser also hides ip address from websites like a vpn or proxy and has flash support for mobile device. The browser also includes a game controller, a mouse, and a on screen keyboard.

AEW Blood &amp; Guts

AEW Blood & Guts is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held in the middle of the year. The event aired as a special episode of AEW's flagship television show, "Dynamite". The name "Blood & Guts" comes from WWE chairman Vince McMahon. McMahon during a conference call with investors, he said that WWE was going to remain a "PG environment" and that "we're not going to do blood and guts and things of that nature such as being done on perhaps a new potential competitor". The name would trademarked by AEW shortly afterwards.

The show features the signature match Blood and Guts match, which is AEW's version of WarGames.

Makpon Kingdom

The Makpon Kingdom or the Makpon Empire (Balti: དམག་དཔོན།, Wylie: dmag dpon), also called Tibet-I-Khurd (Little Tibet) by the Mughals, was a Balti Tibetan empire led by the Maqpon Dynasty. It existed on the Tibetan Plateau and reached from Chitral in the west to Burang in Western Tibet in the east. Ibrahim Maqpon founded it in 1190, and it lasted for about 700 years. The most prosperous period started with Ali Senge Anchan, who united Baltistan and expanded his rule from Chitral to the Mansarowar Valley in Western Tibet.

The Makpon Empire is named after the Tibetan and Balti title "Makpon", which means 'Army Leader,' 'Commander-in-Chief,' or 'Military Chief'. In 1835, G. T. Vigne visited Baltistan and translated "Magpon/Makpon" as "Duke" or "Chief" in his book "Antiquities of Indian Tibet".

Until the tenth century, Baltistan was part of West Tibetan province, practicing Tibetan Buddhism. Over time, Buddhist influence decreased. Sayyid Ali Hamadani is credited with introducing Noorbakhshism in Baltistan by converting Buddhists in Khaplu and Shigar valleys.

In the 12th or 13th century, Ibrahim Shah, a Prince from Kashmir (Egypt in some sources) married the Princess of Skardo, establishing the Makpon Dynasty. After Tibetan suzerainty dissolved, the Maqpon dynasty ruled Baltistan. A student of Sayyid Ali Hamadani, visited Baltistan in the 9th century, converting many Baltis to Islam.

Maqpon Bukha or Bugha (1464-1490 A.D.) is considered the real founder of the Makpon Dynasty. He established the capital of Skardo. He faced challenges but surprised his subjects by governing effectively. Ali Khan (1540-1565 A.D.) expanded his kingdom, and Ghazi Mir (1565-1580 A.D.) conquered the Rondu Valley. Ali Senge Anchan (1580-1624 A.D.) is a significant figure who expanded the empire from Chitral to Burang in Western Tibet.

Ali Senge Khan also conquered Ladakh, facing conflict with the Ladakh raja. Later rulers, like Ghazi Mir and Ali Senge Anchan's son, expanded the kingdom to Gilgit, Hunza, Nagar, Nuristan and Chitral. In Balti folk songs Anchan's remarkable conquests are praised and Maqpon Empire's boundaries are defined as following:
Meaning from Leh's Purang to Brooshals Shingel is Makpon. Ali Senge Anchan initiated the game of Polo at the Shundur Polo Ground, which is the worlds highest Polo ground. The Mughal Empire conquered Baltistan in 1586, and the local rulers pledged allegiance. Ali Senge Anchan had a significant encounter with the Mughal court, forming an alliance and introducing Mughal arts to the region.

In 1839, the Dogra commander Zorawar Singh defeated Balti forces, leading to the end of the Maqpon dynasty in 1845. The last king, Ahmed Shah, was taken prisoner and died in captivity in Lhasa, Tibet.

The Balti people were once influenced by Zhangzhung and the Bon religion, practicing Animism. In 686, Baltistan came under the control of the Tibetan Empire. Under the rule of Songtsen Gampo, Tibetan Buddhism started influencing the region. Gompas and stupas were built, and lamas became important in Balti life.

In the 14th century, Islamic scholars from Kashmir traveled through the mountains to spread Islam. By the late 17th century, Islam gained strength in Baltistan due to the efforts of the Noorbakshia Sufi order. Over time, many people converted to Shia Islam, while only a few chose Sunni Islam.

The Makpon dynasty or the Makpon Royal House ruled the Makpon Empire. The dynasty was founded by Ibrahim Makpon, who married the Princess of Skardu. Following is the timeline of Makpon rulers:

Hagerman horse

The Hagerman horse is the state fossil of Idaho.

AEW Fight for the Fallen

AEW Fight for the Fallen is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is usually held in the Summer. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision". The name "Fight for the Fallen" is a reference to the first charity that the event helped which supported victims of gun violence.

Every event that is held raises money for either the charity or cause that is chosen.

AEW Fyter Fest

AEW Fyter Fest is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is usually held in the Summer. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision". The name "Fyter Fest", as well as the logo, is a reference and parody of the 2017 music festival Fyre Festival which turned out to be a fraud.

The second event was originally going to be the United Kingdom debut of AEW and was going to take place at Wembley Arena but it had the be cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

AEW Grand Slam

AEW Grand Slam is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held in September. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". All of the events have taken place at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Queens, New York. The name "Grand Slam" is a reference to a Grand Slam which is when a player wins four major championships in one discipline in a year.

All of the events are held at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Queens, New York.

Nilay Yapici

Nilay Yapici (born 1981) is a Turkish neuroscientist at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, where she is the Nancy and Peter Meinig Family Investigator in the Life Sciences and Adelson Sesquicentennial Fellow in the Department of Neurobiology and Behavior. Yapici studies the neural circuits underlying decision making and feeding behavior in fruit fly models.

Leven Rambin

Leven Alice Rambin (born May 17, 1990) is an American actress. She is known for playing look-alike half-sisters Lily Montgomery and Ava Benton on "All My Children", and for her recurring roles on "Grey's Anatomy" and "Gone", as well as "", "One Tree Hill", "Wizards of Waverly Place", and "". She appeared in the sci-fi film "The Hunger Games" (2012) as the District 1 tribute Glimmer, and appeared as Clarisse La Rue in the fantasy film "" (2013).

Kaisi Ye Dor (movie)

Kaisi Ye Dor is a compelling Indian film that delves into the age-old tradition prevalent in the country where parents often play a pivotal role in choosing life partners for their children.

The story revolves around Tripathi ji, a dedicated Sub-Inspector in the small town of Kotwaali Thaana. Having worked his way up from being a constable, he holds strong principles and envisions a future for his son, Abhimanyu, as a respected Gazetted officer. However, Abhimanyu, a street-smart and materialistic individual, pursues a career as a tour guide, deviating from his father's expectations. This leads to a strained relationship between the two, with Abhimanyu finding it challenging to reconcile his independent lifestyle with his father's disciplined beliefs.

Tripathi ji arranges Abhimanyu's marriage to Vidya, a traditional and well-educated girl from a small village. Despite Abhimanyu's resistance due to his love for Rashmi, he reluctantly marries Vidya. The narrative unfolds as Vidya strives to establish a connection with Abhimanyu, who remains indifferent and fails to acknowledge her as his wife.

Tripathi ji, observing the strained dynamics, develops a bond with Vidya, providing her with the love and support she needs. This paternal relationship becomes crucial for Vidya's resilience in the face of Abhimanyu's indifference. As Vidya pursues her dreams, Tripathi ji encourages her, revealing a softer side that contrasts with his interactions with his son.

The plot takes an unexpected turn when Abhimanyu, during a trip to Lucknow, reunites with Rashmi and rekindles an old flame. Oblivious to Vidya's plight, Abhimanyu's actions leave her heartbroken. Tripathi ji, aware of the situation, silently supports Vidya, offering her the strength to endure Abhimanyu's indifference.


Gangster Squad (movie)

Gangster Squad is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Will Beall, based on a non-fiction book by Paul Lieberman. The film stars Josh Brolin, Ryan Gosling, Nick Nolte, Emma Stone, Anthony Mackie, Giovanni Ribisi, Robert Patrick, Michael Peña and Sean Penn. Set in 1949, a group of real-life LAPD officers and detectives called the Gangster Squad are assigned to bring down crime kingpin Mickey Cohen.

After the script spent several years on the Black List, production began in September 2011 around Los Angeles, lasting through December. The film was originally set to be theatrically released September 7, 2012, but in the wake of the 2012 Aurora, Colorado, shooting, Warner Bros. pushed it back to a January 11, 2013, release to accommodate re-shoots, which took place in August 2012.


Public school (United Kingdom)

In the United Kingdom, public schools are independent fee-paying schools like Eton College. By "independent" is meant fee-paying, and therefore not run by the public authorities. They are called 'public' because they accept students from anywhere not just people living nearby in the school area. Some are boarding schools, where students can sleep and live at school during the school term. The public schools have an association called the Headmasers' and Headmistresses' Conference. Junior schools which prepare children for entry into public schools are called Preparatory schools ('prep' schools).

The term "public school", for what are actually privately owned schools, is historical. It dates from the UK Public Schools Act 1868 which set the framework for seven leading English boys' schools, which were:


To these should be added other fee-paying schools which have first-class reputations. These would include:


Others of note include Fettes College in Edinburgh, which is a co-educational day school. This is very unusual for a public school. Gordonstoun is an independent public school in Moray, Scotland. It is where King Charles III was educated. It is a co-educational residential school.

The term "public school" in Scotland is traditionally used for state schools.

English public schools have a very good record of getting their pupils into elite universities, such as Cambridge and Oxford. They educate the sons and daughters of the British upper and upper-middle classes. In particular, the sons of officers and senior administrators of the British Empire were educated in England while their parents were on overseas postings. In 2010, over half of Cabinet Ministers had been educated at public schools. In 2018, annual fees at Eton were up to £48,500 for boarders. Therefore, although some scholarships are available, most students come from wealthy families.

Three twenty-first century Prime Ministers, Tony Blair, David Cameron and Boris Johnson, were educated at public schools, as were a high proportion of those in previous centuries. Margaret Thatcher was educated at a grammar school, but one with Academy status.

The leading public schools are challenged only by Manchester Grammar School, which was for many years the leading state-funded grammar school. It is now a fee-paying independent school. It made this change when the Labour government in 1976 chose to abolish the Direct Grant System. This would have given the government powers to change the school in ways with which it did not agree.

Public schools for girls in England have a similar unofficial ranking, though more of them are day schools. The best-known girls public school is Cheltenham Ladies' College. The Girls' Schools Association (GSA) is the body for independent girls' schools. It has over a hundred schools as members. The GSA is a member of the Independent Schools Council.

First, an historical note. Up to and including the 19th century girls from "good families" were educated at home by governesses and tutors. This applies very widely across the world, not just in England. The other controversial issue is whether girls should be educated with boys or not. Here the United States is one extreme and Muslim countries the other extreme. Even in England, co-education is almost universal at primary level, but is not common at secondary level, except in the state education sector.

Another point of difference in England is that girls from wealthy families are more likely to be educated abroad than are boys. Expensive independent schools in French-speaking Switzerland are often chosen. It has not gone unnoticed that, by having such options, the wealthy give their children advantages which the children of ordinary people never get.

Well-known girls' public schools are:



Thresher shark

Thresher sharks, also known as simply threshers, are large mackerel sharks of the family Alopiidae and the genus Alopias.
They are distinguished by their long tails and unique hunting behaviors. 

Thresher sharks are known for their exceptional agility and speed. They grow up to 20 feet long. Males sexually mature when they are 8 to 11 feet long and 3 to 6 years old. Females are able to reproduce when they are 8 to 9 feet long and 4 to 5 years of age.

Thresher sharks are ovoviviparous. Embryos develop inside eggs within the mother's body, ultimately giving birth to live young.

Despite being active predatory fish, these fishes do not attack humans.

There are currently 16 species. A fourth species of thresher was revealed during the course of a 1995 allozyme analysis by Blaise Eitner. It is apparently found in the eastern Pacific off Baja California, making it 17 species. However, it's known from muscle samples from one specimen.

Thresher sharks have a short head and a cone-shaped nose. Their mouths are generally small. They have a long, scythe-like heterocercal tail.

They are slender, with small dorsal fins and large, recurved pectoral fins.

They mainly eat bluefish, juvenile tuna and mackerel. Crustaceans and seabirds are also eaten by them. They stun their prey by using their unique, elongated tail as a weapon.

The thresher shark is an animal that keeps to itself. It is known that thresher populations of the Indian Ocean are separated by depth and space according to sex.





King of Corsica

The King of Corsica used to be the ruler of the island here the list 

Theodore of Corsica March 1736 – November 1736

Colonel Frederick 11 December 1756-1797 (Head of House von Neuhoff (claimed)

George III 1794–1796 Anglo-Corsican Kingdom

The kingdom ended in 1796.

Bhimeshwar

Bhimeshwar, (formerly "Charikot"), is a municipality in north-eastern Nepal and the headquarters of Dolakha District in Bagmati Province that was established in 1997 by merging the former Village development committees Charikot, Dolakha Town, Makaibari and Mati. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 32,486 people living in 8,639 individual households. 

David Adeang

David Ranibok Waiau Adeang (born 24 November 1969) is a Nauruan politician. In 2023, he became President of Nauru. He was the Speaker of the Parliament of Nauru, and Nauru's Minister of Finance and Justice.

John Lydon

John Joseph Lydon (/ˈlaɪdən/; born 31 January 1956), also known by his former stage name Johnny Rotten, is an English-American singer and songwriter. He was the lead singer of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols, which was active from 1975 to 1978. There were revivals during the 1990s and 2000s. He is also the lead singer of post-punk band Public Image Ltd (PiL), which he founded and fronted from 1978 until 1993, and again since 2009. He was recruited because of his outspoken personality, rebellious image and fashion style. Because of their controversial lyrics and disrepute at the time, they are regarded as one of the most influential acts in the history of popular music.

Lydon has hosted television series in the UK, US, and Belgium, 2004 appeared on "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!" in the UK, appeared in advertisements on UK television promoting Country Life, a brand of British butter, written two autobiographies, and produced solo musical work. His first autobiography was called "Rotten – No Irish, No Blacks, No Dogs." 

John Broome

John Broome (July 19, 1738 – August 8, 1810) was an American merchant and politician who was Lieutenant Governor of New York, from 1804 to 1810.

Pseudophilautus mittermeieri

Mittermeier's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus mittermeieri") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 60 and 150 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 16.3 – 18.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is gray-green in color. There are orange bumps on the head and some orange color on the back. The sides of the body are gray-yellow in color with dark brown marks. Parts of the belly are gray-yellow in color. The belly is gray-yellow in color. The bottoms of the toes of the front feet are gray in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Scientists named this frog for Russell Mittermeier. He was President of Conservation International.

Central City (DC Comics)

Central City is a fictional city appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is the former home of Barry Allen, the second Flash. Its location has been variously stated to be in Ohio, Illinois, and Florida. During the Wally West era, it was shown to be in Missouri, across a river from Keystone City.

The city has also appeared in movies, television series, and video games.

Central City, located across the Missouri River from Keystone City, Kansas, was founded in the 19th century and became an important stop for cattle drives. It began to see tremendous growth after the completion of the Transcontinental Railroad, becoming the first major hub west of Chicago. A second period of growth occurred after World War I, and it has burgeoned to the present day.

In the 25th Century, the city became known as the Central Cityplex.
















Heroes


Villains





Others


Sports Teams





Before the "Crisis on Infinite Earths", Central and Keystone, collectively known as the "Gem Cities" were not twin cities. Rather, Central City only existed on Earth-One and Keystone City only existed on Earth-Two.

Some sources have shown Central City to be in Ohio instead of Missouri. "The Flash" #228 places it at roughly the same spot as Athens, Ohio.

The map in the Atlas of the DC Universe claims that Keystone and Central are across the Mississippi River from each other. The Mississippi does not border Kansas; the Missouri does.

The DCU version of Central City is not to be confused with the city by the same name seen in Will Eisner's The Spirit.

Kioisaka Incident

Kioisaka Incident (紀尾井坂の変, "Kioizakanohen"), took place on May 14, 1878 when Ōkubo Toshimichi, Lord of Home Affairs of Japan and one of the Three Great Nobles of the Restoration (alongside Saigō Takamori and Kido Takayoshi), was assassinated by six ex-samurai assassins who are armed with katanas. To be exact, the assassination site was not located at Kioisaka, but near Sakashita (in front of present-day Shimizudani Park). This events is known as the Kioicho Incident (紀尾井町事件, "Kioichō jiken"), Kioizaka Incident (紀尾井坂事件, "Kioi-zaka jiken"), and Assassination of Okubo Toshimichi (大久保利通暗殺事件, "Okubo toshimichi ansatsu jiken"). 

The perpetrators involved in the incidents were Shimada Ichirō (aged 30), Chō Tsurahide (aged 22), Sugimoto Otogiku (aged 29), Wakita Kōichi (aged 28), and Sugimura Bun'ichi (aged 17), and Asai Toshiatsu (aged 24), a samurai from Shimane Prefecture while five others from the former Kaga Domain. (Asai quit the samurai clan and became a commoner after the trial.). Among them, Shimada is the leader of the assassination group. Shimada participated in the First Choshu Expedition and the Boshin War as an ashigaru of the Kaga Domain, and continued his military career even after the formation of the Meiji Restoration, but he sympathized with the idea of conquering Korea (also known as Seikanron debate), and during the Incident of 1873. Enraged by Takamori Saigo's resignation, Shimada devoted himself to national affairs.

Sugimura Hiromasa (Sugimura Bun'ichi's older brother) and other samurais also expressed their desire to serve in the newly formed Imperial Japanese Army in response to the idea of conquering Korea. Furthermore, regarding the dispatch of troops to Taiwan as part of the expedition in 1874, Sugimura, Cho, and many radicals once again requested to serve in the military, and Sugimura (Hiroshi), Shimada, and later Asai wrote a petition opposing the rumor that Japanese troop dispatch to Taiwan had been canceled and a petition criticizing the handling of the Saga Rebellion. Sugimura and Shimada, who drafts the warrant, is listed as one of the names. However, these white papers did not have the expected effect, and Shimada and others decided to use force. In 1874, Shimada and Cho met in Tokyo and hit it off.

In June 1874, Cho traveled to Kagoshima with Sugimura to hear the news of Takamori Saigo and Kirino Toshiaki regarding the dispatch of marines to Taiwan. They have been staying in Kagoshima for about half a year, studying at a private school. They also moved back to Kagoshima in 1876, where they maintained old friendships with Kirino and other samurais. In October, when Nagoya became a prefecture, numerous rebellions and uprisings (known as the Shizoku Rebellion) occurred one after another all across Japan, including the Shinpūren Rebellion, Akizuki Rebellion, and Hagi Rebellion, and Shimada also worked hard to create an army in Kanazawa, but failed due to lack of equipment and moral. Furthermore, during the Satsuma Rebellion in 1877, Shimada and Cho worked together to make plans to raise an army, but while they were struggling to convince those around them, government troops entered Kumamoto Castle in April. After receiving information that the outcome was decided, the plan was canceled. 

After this, Shimada and his group changed their policy to assassinate high-ranking officials. Sugimoto, Wakita, Sugimura, and others also joined Shimada's plan during this period. Wakita moved to Tokyo in October, Cho in November, Sugimura in December, and Shimada and Sugimoto in April of the following year. Asai, the only samurai from the Shimane Prefecture, was a police officer in the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department during the Satsuma Rebellion and served in the police squad. He returned to Tokyo in triumph in August 1877, but he violated the ban and died in 1878. His position was dismissed from his post in February, and in March, Asai learned of the assassination plan by Shimada and others and joined the conspiracy. Their assassination plan went through multiple plots, and even reached the ears of the police chief at the time, Superintendent Kawaji Toshiyoshi, but Kawaji did not respond, asking, ``What can I do to the people of Ishikawa Prefecture?<nowiki>"</nowiki> (石川県人に何ができるか, "Ishikawa kenjin ni nanigadekiruka"). 

Furthermore, General Tomonosuke Takashima has said the same thing, but as evidence: ``Immediately after the incident, Kawaji flew to the scene, took out his notebook and pointed out the names of the people, and said that it must have been the work of these six people.<nowiki>"</nowiki> ," he said, slapping his notebook with tears streaming down his face." The day after Okubo's funeral, Kawaji filed a request for ``Okubo Councilor Change and Resignation Request<nowiki>"</nowiki> (大久保参議事変ニ付進退伺, "Ōkubo sangi jihen ni-tsuki shintaiukagai"), which was rejected.

The weapons that Shimada and others brought with them at the time of Okubo's assassination was given by Cho in late April 1878 at the request of Shimada. The article lists the following five crimes as crimes of dictatorship.


Gilles Cresto

Gilles Cresto (born 30 August 1959) is a Monegasque archer. Cresto competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Tsedendorjiin Bazarsüren

Tsedendorjiin Bazarsüren (born 19 January 1957) is a Mongolian archer. Bazarsüren competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Acamprosate

Acamprosate, marketed under the brand name Campral, is a medication used to help individuals with alcohol dependence maintain abstinence. Approved by regulatory authorities for this purpose, acamprosate is thought to act by stabilizing the balance between excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters in the brain, particularly gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate.

Developed in the late 1980s, acamprosate gained approval in several countries as an adjunct to psychosocial support in the treatment of alcohol dependence. Unlike some other medications for alcohol use disorder, acamprosate does not cause a disulfiram-like reaction with alcohol consumption.

The precise mechanism of acamprosate's action is not entirely understood, but it is believed to modulate the glutamatergic system, potentially reducing the hyperactivity associated with alcohol withdrawal. Clinical trials have demonstrated varying degrees of efficacy, with acamprosate showing effectiveness in supporting abstinence and preventing relapse.

Acamprosate may have side effects, including diarrhea, nausea, and itching. Its use is generally contraindicated in individuals with severe renal impairment.

Research continues to explore the optimal use and potential benefits of acamprosate in the broader context of alcohol use disorder treatment. Despite its limitations, acamprosate remains a valuable option for healthcare professionals working to address alcohol dependence in their patients.

Petropavl

Petropavl (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the North Kazakhstan Region. It is located on the right bank of the Ishim River. As of 2023, 222,044 people live here. It is also known as Qyzyljar () among Kazakh people.

Petropavl is located 40 km from the border with Russia.

Bulayevo

Bulayevo (, ) is a town in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. It is located 30 km from the border with Russia. As of 2023, 8,590 people live here.

Mamlyutka

Mamlyutka (, ) is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. In 1969, it was classified as a city. As of 2023, the population of the city is 7,038.

Sergeyevka

Sergeev (, ) is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. It is located on the Ishim River. As of 2023, 8,155 people live here.

Taiynsha

Tayinsha () is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. From 1962 to 1997 the city was called "Krasnoarmeysk" (). As of 2023, 13,065 people live here.

To the Moon and Back (Savage Garden song)

"To the Moon and Back" is a 1996 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the second single from their 1997 self-titled debut studio album. It was the follow-up to their hit "I Want You" and won the 1997 ARIA Music Award for Song of the Year. It went to number 1 in Australia, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Greece and New Zealand, number 11 in France and Sweden, number 14 in Germany and Ireland, number 15 in Canada, number 16 in Switzerland and number 24 in the United States.












Arkalyk

Arkalyk (; ) is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 28,907 people live here and 28,435 people live in the urban area.

Founded in 1956, it got city status in 1965.

Lisakovsk

Lisakovsk (, ) is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 31,178 people live in the city and 34,774 people live in the urban area. The city is located on the right bank of the Tobol River, which flows into the Irtysh River.

Founded in 1960, it got city status in 1971.

Lego Disney Princess: The Castle Quest

Lego Disney Princess: The Castle Quest is a 2023 animated streaming television special based on both the Lego Disney toyline and "Disney Princess" franchise. It is a crossover between several characters featured in movies produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, and the first Lego special based on the franchise.

The special was released on Disney+ on August 18, 2023.

Marriage of convenience

When people marry because one or both get a benefit from doing this, this is called marriage of convenience. This is differernt from other types of marriage. Usually people marry because they love each other, or that they want some security if they have children. The benefits people could have from a marriage of convenience is that one of the partners is able to move to another country, to get a work permit or citizenship more easily, for example. Another reason why people use a marriage of convenience is to hide the fact that one or both partners are homosexual, or bisexual. 

Marriages of convenience are not illegal, in most countries. In many countries, parents look for a suitable partner for their children. This is called arranged marriage. Many countries have laws against forced marriages, or fraudulent ones.

Zhitikara

Zhitikara (, ) is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 35,298 people live here and 42,611 people live in the urban area.

It got city status in 1939.

Rudny

Rudny () is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. It is located on the Tobol River. As of 2023, 112,027 people live here and 123,838 people live in the urban area.

Concha

Concha is a kind of bread from Mexico. It is a pan dulce. In Spanish, concha means conch. The breads get this name, because their form resembles that of a seashell. The bread is made of a sweetened bread roll, and a crunchy topping.

Karl Richard Lepsius

Karl Richard Lepsius(1810-1884) was a German egyptologist. His first name is sometimes spelled "Carl". From 1842 to 1845 he led an expedition to Egypt and Nubia. This expedition is now named after him, and clalled the Lepsius expedition today. From 1845, he was professor for egyptology, at the University of Berlin. From 1855 to 1884, he was the director of the Egyptian section of the what are now the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin. Today, Lepsius is seen as the founder of modern egyptology, in Germany. 

Race Relations Act 1965

The Race Relations Act 1965 was the first law in the UK to say that discrimination on the "grounds of colour, race, or ethnic or national origins" in public places in Great Britain was not allowed. It did not apply to shops or private boarding houses. It was followed by more, stronger, laws.

It was passed by the Wilson government after a racist political campaign in Smethwick, where the Conservative candidate Peter Griffiths beat Patrick Gordon Walker using the the slogan "If you want a nigger for a neighbour, vote Labour".

The Race Relations Board was started in 1966 to consider complaints under the Act. Discrimination was a civil issue. The Act also created the criminal offence of "incitement to racial hatred". The leader of the British National Socialist Movement, Colin Jordan, was prosecuted under the Act and jailed for 18 months in 1967.

It was strengthened by the Race Relations Act 1968.

Leonardo Graziano

Leonardo Graziano (born in Capua on 15 november 1975) is an Italian voice actor known for his roles in italiano dubs of anime as Naruto Uzumaki in Naruto, Killua in Hunter × Hunter, Young Franky in One Piece and Dan Kuso in Bakugan. He is also the italian voice for Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory.

Paolo Torrisi

Paolo Torrisi born as Maurizio Torresan (1950-2005) was An actor italian voice actor from Milan. He is most known for his dub roles for animes. His most famous role was Goku in Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT. He died at San Raffaele Hospital in Segrate of a biliary tract obstruction.

Race Relations Act 1968

The Race Relations Act 1968 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom making it illegal to refuse housing, employment, or public services to a person on the grounds of colour, race, ethnic or national origins in Great Britain (although not in Northern Ireland, which had its own parliament at the time). It also created the Community Relations Commission to promote 'harmonious community relations'.

It was opposed by some of the Conservative Party, particularly Enoch Powell. He made his famous Rivers of Blood speech while it was being discussed. 

It amended the Race Relations Act 1965. It was repealed by the Race Relations Act 1976.

Pino Insegno

Giuseppe Insegno professionally known as Pino (born 1959) is an italian actor and voice actor from Rome. Since 1986, Insegno has been a member of the comedy quartet Premiata Ditta. He voices multiple known characters in italian such as Diego in the Ice Age franchising, Stan Smith in American Dad!, Chick Hicks in Cars.

George Formby

George Formby OBE (born in Wigan, real name George Hoy Booth; 26 May 1904 – 6 March 1961) was an English actor, singer-songwriter and comedian. His films of the 1930s and 1940s were very popular. On stage, screen and record he sang light, comic songs. He played the ukulele or banjolele. He was the highest-paid entertainer in the United Kingdom.

His father was George Formby Sr, who was also a comedian and singer. He was called "The Wigan Nightingale". He died when his son was 17. 

Formby went on the music hall stage when his father died. He carried on his father's act. In 1924 he married Beryl Ingham. She was also in music hall and she became his manager. He started recording songs in 1926 and, from 1934, he made movies. In the movies he played gormless Lancastrian innocents who would beat a villain, and win the love of an attractive middle-class girl. His songs often had ambiguous sexual content which he sung with a toothy grin and air of innocence His song "When I'm Cleaning Windows" was banned by the BBC in 1936. The director general John Reith said "if the public wants to listen to Formby singing his disgusting little ditty, they'll have to be content to hear it in the cinemas, not over the nation's airwaves". He later sang it before the King and Queen at the Royal Variety Performance. It was unbanned.

During the Second World War he worked all over the world for the Entertainments National Service Association. In his first film of 1940, "Let George Do It!", In a dream he goes to a Nuremberg Rally and punches Hitler. It was very popular and was shown in Russia and the USA. 

He recorded more than 200 songs. 1946 song ""With My Little Stick of Blackpool Rock"" was one of the most successful. It was also considered rude and a BBC manager in 1946 said "We have no record that 'With My Little Stick of Blackpool Rock' is banned. We do however know, and so does Formby, that certain lines in the lyric must not be broadcast". 

Pannonia

Pannonia was a province in the Roman Empire. It was about today's Hungary.

The Roman Pannonia lasted from Augustus' times until the fifth century. 

In the second century Pannonia flourished and received many Roman citizens, who developed a rich farm economy.

It was temporarily increased under emperor Constantine the Great up to the actual Romanian mountains. The border was the so called "Devil's Dike".

When Attila attacked the area was destroyed and depopulated.

After the fall of the western Roman Empire, in Pannonia, the latinized population developed the Pannonian Romance. That lasted until the tenth century.


Ali Sher Anchan

Ali Sher Anchan or Ali Senge Anchan (Balti: ཨ་ལི་སེང་གེ་དབན་ཆེན།; 1580–1625), was a famous Balti Tibetan king. He belonged to the Maqpon dynasty and became the 15th King of the Makpon Kingdom. His rule saw the unification of Baltistan, expanding its borders to Ladakh and western Tibet in the east, and Ghizar and Chitral in the west. Ali Senge Anchan was a strong and successful leader, considered the greatest King of Greater Baltistan. He conquered Ladakh, Chitral, and Western Tibet. Ali Senge Anchan maintained friendly relations with the Mughal court. His reign brought prosperity to Balti art, sports, and architecture.

Other names for Ali Sengge Anchan are "Ali Rai, Raja Sher Ali Mir, Mir Ali, Sher Ali", and "Ali Zad". He introduced Polo in Gilgit, Chitral, and Ladakh and even sent musicians to learn music in the Mughal court. Ali Senge Anchan built the Skardu fort also known as Kharpocho Khar in Skardu, then the capital of the Makpon Kingdom.

Following are Ali Senge Anchans's political and Military achievements and his conquests.
Ali Senge Anchan had connections with the Mughal court. Anchan lost his royal father when he was a child. His uncle the King of Shigar took him and his mother to Shigar, possibly with the plan to harm him and take over the Skardu Kingdom. At 18, Anchan fled to Delhi with twelve loyal followers. In Delhi, Emperor Akbar noticed him for his strength, and he was given command of a Mughal army to reclaim his kingdom. He married a Mughal princess named Gul Khatoon. In 1586 A.D., when Akbar conquered Kashmir, Anchan was with him.

According to the tale, Ladakh's kingdom once stretched to Sermik in the west. During the 15th Makpon King Ghazi Mir's rule, Ladakhis were forced out of the Kharmang valley and the entire Purik district. Ali Senge Anchan occupied Kharbu fort and appointed a governor for the border area. Later, Ladakh's Raja, Jamyang Namgyal, attacked Purik. Anchan, along with other leaders, left through Marol, bypassed Leh, and conquered Ladakh around 1594 A.D. The Ladakh Raja, in the end, became a prisoner. To make peace, Ladakh ceded Ganokh and Gagra Nullah villages to Skardu and paid tribute to the Makpon Kings. This tribute was paid through the Monastery of Lama Yuru. Jamyang Namgyal's daughter was also married to Ali Senge Anchan.

While dealing with attacks on villages in Roundu Baltistan, Dras, Gultari, and Shingo Shigar, Anchan marched on Gilgit. He conquered Astore, Gilgit, Hunza, Nagar, Chilas, Chitral, and Kafiristan. To celebrate his victory, he planted a Chinar Tree near Bronshel village in Chitral. Balti folk songs praise Anchan's remarkable conquest, defining the Maqpon Empire's boundaries from Leh's Purang to Brushal's Chinar Tree:‘Leh Purang na Brushal Shingel’.Anchan is credited with starting Polo at Shundur Polo Ground, Which is the Highest Polo ground in the world.

Ali Sher Khan Anchan conquered many principalities in Kargil and introduced Balti culture and music to the region. Many Baltis and Purgis settled in Ladakh and Kargil during Anchan's reign.

Permaculture

Permaculture is a way of managing land and designing communities by learning from nature. It copies natural patterns to get the most benefits with the least waste and energy. It promotes natural way of farming instead of modern industrial methods. The term 'Permaculture' was created by Bill Mollison and David Holmgren in 1978.

Critics say that permaculture doesn't have a clear definition and lacks a scientific basis and does not address real-world issues.

Permaculture is guided by three foundational ethics:


Permaculture design copies natural patterns in ecosystems to get the most benefits with the least waste and energy. The way permaculture is used can change depending on the Earth's region, and there's not much scientific literature about it.

Permaculture uses zones to organize elements in a human environment based on how often they're used and the needs of plants or animals. The zones are numbered from 0 to 5.


Bassey Edem

Bassey Edem is a Nigerian administrator and chartered accountant.

Bassey Edem Orok Edem was born in Lagos on 12th March 1950 into the Royal Families of Late Chief Benjamin Edem Orok Edem.

He received an undergraduate degree from the University of Lagos, an MBA from the University of Calabar and a doctorate from London Graduate School.

He became a member of the Calabar Chamber of Commerce in 1980sand became the President of the "Calabar Chamber of Commerce" in 1996.

Bassey served as the district governor for "International Association of Lions Clubs of Nigeria."

He is the former President of the "Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce", Industries, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) and is currently non-executive Director of Presco Nigeria Plc.

The Final Cut (song)

"The Final Cut" is a 1983 song by Pink Floyd. It is the title track to their 12th studio album "The Final Cut". It deals with suicide, sexual repression, depression and rejection.

Alicia Encinas

Irma Alicia Encinas Cano (born 24 April 1954 in Tónichi, Sonora) is a Mexican actress.

Frigatebird

The Frigatebirds are a family of seabirds. In Latin, the family is called Fregatidae. There are five different species; all are classified in the genus Fregata. They occur in tropical and subtropical regions. The birds are adapted to a life at sea. The wingspan is between and .

Ground effect

The ground effect is the name given to the effects of being near the ground on Aircraft, especially ones that are heavier than the air around them, such as Helicopters and Airplanes.

In Airplanes, there is less drag in ground effect flight. Airplanes also create more lift at a lower angle of attack while near the ground.

Neptunism

Neptunism is a scientific theory of geology proposed by Abraham Gottlob Werner (1749–1817) in the late 18th century. 

It proposed that rocks formed from the crystallisation of minerals in the early Earth's oceans. That is why it is called neptunism, because Neptune was the old Roman God of the sea.

There are many many different types of rock formation. Sedimentary rock is formed by processes very similar to neptunism. Basically, it makes rock out of bits of earlier rock and organisms.

Quesabirria

Quesabirria ("cheese birria") (also called birria tacos or red tacos) is a Mexican dish comprising birria-style cooked beef folded into a tortilla with melted cheese and served with a side of broth (Spanish: consomé) for dipping. 

The dish has origins in Tijuana, Mexico. It was originally made with goat meat. It got popularity in the United States through Instagram. It is also made with other meats, such as beef and chicken.

Angle of attack

In Aeronautics, the angle of attack is the angle between an airfoil and the direction the air is flowing in relative to the wing. For small angles of attack, a higher angle creates more lift. The angle where the wing makes the most lift is called the critical angle of attack. If the angle goes above this point, the wing will stall.

CM Browser

CM Browser (Chineseː 獵豹安全瀏覽器) was a web browser made by Cheetah Mobile. The browser is based on Chromium codebase but supports Trident and the WebKit browser engine. The browser released for Windows XP in May of 2012. It also released for iOS and Android on May 3rd, 2013.

The browser used Chromium Version 17, which meant it could not use the Chrome Web Store.

In September 21st, 2014. The browser had to pay 300,000 yuan for having an adblocker that blocked Youku video ads from the browser.

In June of 2020, The Government of India banned CM browser with 58 other apps, saying they had data problems. Border tensions with China and India could have also caused the ban.

Pannonian Romance

Pannonian Romance was an Indo-European language, pertaining to the Centum group in the neo-latin languages, with some Celtic roots and related to the old Illyrian. According to the linguist Roxana Curc, the main source of intelligence on this extinct language is the many toponyms in the area of Lake Balaton (located in actual central Hungary) and some anthroponyms, hydronims and etonyms that come from the "Keszthely culture".

In addition to this, the same Keszthely name (pronounced in Hungarian “Kestei”) is similar to the Istrian-Venetic “castei”, which means “castle”, and is probably an original word of the Pannonian Romance language, according to the Hungarian linguist Julius Pokornyin. This Hungarian linguist also wrote that the word “Pannonia” was originated from the illyrian word “pen” (marsh) and this demonstrates that the romanized language of the Pannonians was related to the Illyrian, another extinct Balkan language.

Pannonian Romance probably contributed to the creation of the 300 basic words of the “Latin substratum” of the Balkan Romance languages, according to Romanian linguist Alexandru Rossetti.

Analysis of the Vulgar Latin spoken in Pannonia showed several phonetical developments:
As in other provinces, accusatives after the 1st century AD were regularly switched to nominatives as the subjects of verbs, ergo -as was often written instead of -ae, which is the correct plural inflection of first-declension feminine nouns. Many instances of this error are found on a perhaps 3rd century epitaph from Pannonia. It says ""hic quescunt duas matres duas filias... et aduenas II paruolas"" (Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum III 3551), which means "here lie two mothers, two daughters... and two young foreign girls".

The dative and genitive cases are evidently quite common in the inscriptions, and this ratio unmistakably indicates that Pannonia was where the dative-genitive fusion was most significant relative to the rest of the empire. Since the rate is 45% in Pannonia and 24% for the entire empire.

An examination of the Pannonian Latin texts as a whole reveals that the process of amalgamation has only begun in linguistic singular.

Accusative-ablative mergers account for 15% of case errors in Pannonian Latin.

Tammy (name)

Tammy (pronounced "TAM-ee") is a female given name. This name is often the short form of the names Thomasina, Tabitha or Tamara. The latter is a form of the Russian given name Tamar. The related "Thomasina" or "Thomasine" are female forms of the name Thomas (a Greek name).

The name became very popular because of a movie series in the 1950s and 1960s called "Tammy Tyree".

"Tammy" was very popular during the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s and first half of the 1980s.



Øresund

Øresund or Öresund, also known as "the Sound" in English, is a strait that acts as the border between Denmark's Zealand and Sweden's Scania. It's about 118 kilometers long and varies in width from 4 to 28 kilometers. The narrowest point is 4 kilometers wide, located between Helsingør in Denmark and Helsingborg in Sweden.

Together with the Great Belt, Little Belt, and Kiel Canal, Øresund is one of the four water passages connecting the Baltic Sea to the Atlantic Ocean. This makes it one of the busiest waterways globally. The Øresund Bridge, linking Copenhagen in Denmark to Malmö in Sweden, connects a metropolitan area with nearly 4 million people. Inaugurated in 2000, it's a vital connection. The HH Ferry route, operating between Helsingør, Denmark, and Helsingborg, Sweden, is one of the world's busiest international ferry routes.

In Danish, it's called Øresund, and in Swedish, it's Öresund, informally known as Sundet ("the Sound") in both languages. The name refers to a gravel or sand beach and a sound or strait. The term dates back to around AD 1000, seen on a runestone, and has variations like Eyrarsund in Old West Norse. The name reflects the geography of the area, with "ör" meaning a gravel beach found in many local place names along the strait.

Geologically, Øresund is a relatively young strait, forming around 8500–8000 years ago due to rising sea levels. It marked a significant shift for the Baltic Sea from a freshwater body connected solely via the Great Belt to becoming a saltwater body.

The control of Øresund has been a crucial part of Danish and Swedish history. Denmark had military control with forts like Kronborg and Kärnan until the eastern shore was handed over to Sweden in 1658. This was based on the Treaty of Roskilde, and both forts are positioned where the strait is 4 kilometers wide.

In 1429, King Eric of Pomerania introduced the Sound Dues, a fee for using the waterways, which lasted over four centuries until 1857. These dues were a significant income source for the Danish Crown, giving kings independence from Denmark's council and aristocracy. To reduce dependence on Øresund, Sweden initiated two major projects: establishing Gothenburg in 1621 and building the Göta Canal from 1810 to 1832.

The Copenhagen Convention of 1857 put an end to the Dues, declaring the Danish straits as international waters. In 2000, the Øresund Bridge provided a fixed connection across the strait, marking a new chapter in its history.

Entertainments National Service Association

The Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA) was an organisation started in 1939 by Basil Dean and Leslie Henson to provide entertainment for the British armed forces during World War II. It later turned into Combined Services Entertainment which since 1982 operates as part of the Services Sound and Vision Corporation.

Many people who started in ENSA went on to careers in the entertainment industry after the war, including actors Terry-Thomas, Peter Sellers and Kenneth Connor. 

It was spread thin over the vast area it had to cover. Thus many entertainments were not very good. The popular translation of the acronym ENSA was ""Every Night Something Awful"".

CQD

CQD or cqd can be


Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne

Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne (23 April 1756 – 3 June 1819), also known as Jean Nicolas or by his nicknames, the Righteous Patriot or the Tiger, was a French lawyer and a major figure in the French Revolution. A close associate of Georges Danton and Maximilien Robespierre, And President of the National Convention

Pierre-Joseph Cambon

Pierre-Joseph Cambon (10 June 1756 – 15 February 1820) was a French statesman. He is perhaps best known for speaking up against Maximilien Robespierre at the National Convention, sparking the end of Robespierre's reign.

Bedford level experiment

The Bedford level experiment is the name for a series of observations, done on the Old Bedford River, in Cambridgeshiire. These observations were done to measure the curvature of the Earth. Samuel Rowbotham made the first observations, in 1839. He claimed that with these observations he could prove that the earth was flat. In 1870, Alfred Russel Wallace used the same observations but made small changes, to correct for some errors. Using these observations, he could prove that the Earth was a sphere.

This river was chosen, because from a certain point it runs in a straight line, for . This point is near the village of Welney. 

This makes it an ideal location to directly measure the curvature of the Earth, as Rowbotham wrote in "Zetetic Astronomy":

Rowbotham did the first experiments at the site in the summer of 1838. He went into the river and used a telescope held above the water to watch a boat. The boat had a flag on its mast above the water. It slowly rowed away from him. He reported that he could see it all the time, for the full to Welney Bridge. He also said, that if the earth was curved, the top of the mast should have been about below his line of sight. He published this observation using the pseudonym "Parallax" in 1849. He wrote a book about these ideas, and called it "Earth Not a Globe"; the book was published in 1865. 

Rowbotham repeated his experiments several times over the years, but his claims got little attention. In 1870, a supporter named John Hampden offered some money, to anyone that could show that the earth was flat, using Rowbotham's experiment. Alfred Russel Wallace, a naturalist, and qualified surveyor accepted the wager. Wallace was a surveyor. So with what he knew from his training, and his knowledge of physics, he avoided the errors that had been made before, and won the bet. The crucial steps were:


At first, Hampden did not accept this demnostration.The referee, John Henry Walsh, editor of "The Field" sports magazine, did, and Wallace got the money. Hampden then published a pamhlet and said that Wallace had cheated. He also sued Wallace, to get his money back. There were several court cases. In the end, Hampden was imprisoned for threatening to kill Wallace and for libel.

The same court ruled that the wager had been invalid because Hampden retracted the bet and required that Wallace return the money to Hampden. Wallace, who had been unaware of Rowbotham's earlier experiments, was criticized by his peers for "his 'injudicious' involvement in a bet to 'decide' the most fundamental and established of scientific facts".

In 1901, Henry Yule Oldham, a reader in geography at King's College, Cambridge, reproduced Wallace's results. He used three poles fixed at equal height above water level. When viewed through a theodolite, the middle pole was found to be about higher than the poles at each end. This version of the experiment was taught in schools in England until photographs of the Earth from space became available; it still remains in the syllabus for the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education for 2023.

Advocates of a flat Earth, however, were not deterred. On 11 May 1904 Lady Elizabeth Anne Blount hired a commercial photographer to use a telephoto-lens camera to take a picture from Welney of a large white sheet she had placed at Rowbotham's original position away. The bottom of the sheet was near the surface of the river. Blount had a lot of influence. She later was involved in the foundation of the Flat Earth Society. The photographer, Edgar Clifton from Dallmeyer's studio, put his camera above the water at Welney and was surprised to be able to obtain a picture of the target. He thought, it should have been invisible because of the low mounting point of the camera. Lady Blount published the pictures far and wide.

These controversies became a regular feature in the "English Mechanic" magazine in 1904–05. It published Blount's photo and reported two experiments in 1905 that showed the opposite results. One of these, by Clement Stratton on the Ashby Canal, showed a dip on a sight-line only above the surface.

Vera Von Monika

Vera Von Monika (born 17 September 1989) is a Portuguese socialite, model, journalist, lyricist, honorary consul and designer, from Porto, Portugal.

Vera started her career in fashion when she was fifteen years old in London. Her influence has been demonstrated by her work with the Japanese Embassy and the United Nations.

In 2011, Vera stood at second position in the "World Most Voted Model Awards" by Fashion TV.

she has appeared in various fashion magazines with interviews such as Disrupt Magazine, Huffmag ​and articles in fashion magazines such as Never Magazine, ​ Enboga, ​ Spanish Influential, ​ Malvie.She actively interacts with the Argentine's RR Magazine as a sports writer.

In 2020, her first debut song "6PM Meeting" was released.

In 2021, Vera was appointed as Ambassador and Honorary Consul of the Royan Royal Family and His Highness Prince Georges, Duke of Royan.

In 2022, she was elevated to the rank of Officer of the "Victor HUGO" class of the Prince's Order by His Highness Prince Georges IV, 11th Duke of Royan.

Gilbert Romme

Charles-Gilbert Romme (26 March 1750 – 17 June 1795) was a French politician and mathematician who developed the French Republican calendar. He was a President of the National Convention.

Jean-Henri Voulland

Jean-Henri Voulland (11 October 1751, Uzès, Gard – 23 February 1801, Paris) was a politician of the French Revolution. He was the 31st President of the National Convention from 6 to 21 December 1793.

Georges Auguste Couthon

Georges Auguste Couthon (22 December 1755 – 28 July 1794) was a French politician and lawyer known for his service as a deputy in the Legislative Assembly during the French Revolution. Couthon was elected to the Committee of Public Safety on 30 May 1793. Along with his close associates, Maximilien de Robespierre and Louis Antoine de Saint-Just, he formed an unofficial triumvirate within the committee. They wielded power until their arrest and execution in 1794 during the period of the Reign of Terror.

Marc-Guillaume Alexis Vadier

Marc-Guillaume Alexis Vadier (17 July 1736 – 14 December 1828) was a major French politician of the French Revolution. He is sometimes called the "Great Inquisitor", for his active participation in the Reign of Terror.

Languages of Oceania

The languages of Oceania are divided into 3 large geographical groups:


Contact between the Austronesian and Papuan that resulted on various instances on mixed languages, such as Maisin and various languages. Some colonial languages include Portuguese in East Timor, Russian in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea, Japanese in Ogasawara and Palau, and Spanish in Easter Island and Micronesia.

Primary colonial languages include:

There are also creoles that have been formed from the interactions of Malay or Indonesian, or the colonial languages with a ton of indigenous languages, such as the Tok Pisin, Bislama, Hiri Motu, various Malay or Indonesian trade and several creole languages, Norfuk, Pitkern, Pidgin, and Hawaiian.
Finally, various immigrants in other countries control their own languages, such as Mandarin, Italian, Arabic, Cantonese, Greek and various languages in Australia, and other countries, or Fiji Hindi in Fiji.

Asian hornet

The Asian hornet (Vespa velutina) also known as the yellow-legged hornet or Asian wasp is a species of hornet originally found in Southeast Asia. It is a problem in many countries because it is a very invasive species.

The hornet is smaller than its European relative, known as the European hornet. Queens are usually 30 mm (1.2 in) long, and males are usually about 24 mm (0.95 in) long. However, the workers are smaller than both the males and queen, at about 20 mm (0.8 in) long. The tarsi (legs) of the hornet are a bright yellow, and the body has a brownish color. The head is a yellow and black pattern, and the abdomen has a yellow border with a black fill; although, the end of the abdomen is orange. The hornet has many different colorations, making it hard for scientists to classify subspecies.

Like all other hornets in the genus "Vespa", these hornets build nests to house their workers, young, and the queen. The population of one nest may range in the thousands. Workers are usually armed with powerful stingers, while drones (males) are not armed with stingers. The nest is usually shaped like an egg, and is half a meter long. During their nesting season, they build their nest in a low shrub, then build up high (usually in a tree), possibly as a way to avoid parasites. New queens usually are birthed around fall. The hornets hunt a range of insects, such as dragonflies, flies, and orthopterans. They hunt down their prey by chasing them. They also hunt honeybees, which is a problem in places where the hornets are invasive.

Many governments have tried to remove the invasive hornet, usually by nest destruction.


Expressionist dance

A style of dance mainly based around the physical expression of emotions and feelings.

Mount Ophir

The Mount Ophir (; sometimes abbreviated as Mt. Ophir), Gunong Passama is an actual mountain located nearly the equator that is frequently mentioned in ancient historical records. The location of Mount Ophir has been theorized located in certain places across the world, but according to attested records collected by the experts shown that the island of Sumatra (in western Sumatra region of Pasaman to be precise) is the exact location of these mountain.

Alexandra Maria Lara

Alexandra Maria Lara (née Plătăreanu; 12 November 1978) is a Romanian-German actress who has appeared in Downfall (2004), Control (2007), Youth Without Youth (2007), The Reader (2008), Rush (2013), and Geostorm (2017).

Picard theorem

In complex analysis, Picard's theorem (named after Émile Picard) tells about the range of a function. In brief, they state that a flat function can't transition into a non-flat function: if a function is zero at two neighboring points (i.e. flat), then it must be zero everywhere. Alternatively: sufficiently near to a zero, a function must have non-zero values.

Pseudophilautus mooreorum

Pseudophilautus mooreorum is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Knuckles Hills between 1100 and 1245 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 29.4 – 31.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.8 – 35.0 mm long. The frog's head is a bright green color that looks like it is glowing. The sides of the body are yellow and white in color. Parts of the mouth are white in color. The tops of the back legs are green in color, and parts of the tops of the back legs are white in color. The toes of all four feet are white in color. This frog has disks on its toes for climbing. They are white in color.

This frog lives on shrubs: Woody plants that are smaller than trees. Scientists have seen the male frogs sitting in the shrubs 1 - 3 meters above the ground. They live in cloud forests where the branches of the large trees come together like a roof. The shrubs that the frogs climb on make the understory: The layer of shorter plants under the large trees.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", they grow through direct development: They hatch out of eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Chris Hayes

Christopher Loffredo "Chris" Hayes (born February 28, 1979) is an American political commentator, television news anchor, activist, and author. He is the host of "All In with Chris Hayes", a weekday news and opinion television show on MSNBC.

He was born in The Bronx, New York.


List of second ladies and gentlemen of the United States

This is a list of people who served as the second spouse of the United States.


Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai

Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai (Sindhi:شاه عبدللطيف (born 1689 - 1752), was a revered Sufi mystic and poet from Pakistan. He is often referred to with honorifics like Lakhino Latif, Latif Ghot, Bhittai, and Bhit Jo Shah. Widely regarded as the greatest poet in the Sindhi language, His many famous poems and poetries are compiled in his famous book “Shah Jo Risalo”.

Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai was born on 1689 in Hala Haweli, when he was around 20 years old, he left his home and traveled throughout Sindh, Shah latif met with many mystics and Jogis during his travel, who influenced his poetry. After three years Shah latif returned back to his home, and was married, but was widowed shortly afterwards and did not remarry. Shah latif spend his last years of life at Bhit Shah, he died in 1752. A mausoleum was built over his grave by then ruler of Sindh Mian Ghulam Shah Kalhoro.

AEW Holiday Bash

AEW Holiday Bash is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and is usually held in December as their Christmas special. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The 2021 event's "Rampage" episode aired on delay on December 25 at 9pm ET . It was pushed back because of a tradition that TNT has where they show the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" during their holiday marathon.

Galsangiin Byambaa

Galsangiin Byambaa (born 1 May 1938) is a Mongolian archer. Byambaa competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Nyamtserengiin Byambasüren

Nyamtserengiin Byambasüren (born 30 January 1954) is a Mongolian archer. Byambasüren competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

2007–08 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2007-08 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 2n place in the championship. 

No competition because of the European Championships 2008 in Austria and Switzerland.

Schizophrenic insight

Schizophrenic insight (lacking insight, poor insight) is that some or many people with schizophrenia don't think or know that they have it. The idea uses the word insight. 

For doctors, schizophrenia is about their jobs where they earn money from people who are patients and things like science and research. People who doctors say have schizophrenia sometimes think they don't. Doctors describe these people as "lacking insight". To "lack" something is to not have something.

The words doctor use has meanings like: "The fact of penetrating with the eyes of the understanding", "deep", "the power or act of seeing into a situation". The whole idea is quite complicated. 

In 1927 Dr. E. Minkowski described the idea of psychiatrists "penetrating into the mind of patients for diagnosis". Dr. C. Jung had similar ideas sometime after 1909, which Dr. E. Bleuler described as "depth psychology". 

"Mental health literacy" (literacy being literature) could be very similar or the same as insight.

The word insight means literally to see inside, which is in & sight, which is seeing. This is obviously not possible because the human eye is the organ of seeing. Situations where actually insight is really possible (which means the eye of the mind), by the definition of seeing inside, is mental visualization and dreams.

Both Dr Freud and Dr Jung wrote about and researched dreams. They both thought thinking about dreams and the meaning of dreams was important. 

Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter House

The home of Jimmy Carter (born 1924), who was the 39th president of the United States from 1977 to 1981, and his wife Rosalynn Carter (1927–2023) is at 209 Woodland Drive in Plains, Georgia, United States. It is the only house that the Carters owned. They had lived there since 1961.

The Historic American Buildings Survey said the house is a "modest 1960s ranch-style house".

A pond on the grounds was personally dug by Jimmy Carter; where he used it for fly fishing. A magnolia tree on the grounds was grown from a tree on the lawn of the White House that was planted by President Andrew Jackson.

Jimmy Carter planned to be buried in the estate of the house by a willow tree on the lawn of the property. The home is part of Jimmy Carter National Historical Park but is not open to the public. The house will be turned into a National Park Service (NPS) museum and open it to the public after the couple's deaths. After her death in November 2023, Rosalynn was buried on the estate.

Nikolay Skvortsov

Nikolay Aleksandrovich Skvortsov (; 14 October 1899 – 15 January 1974) was a Soviet politician and the Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR from 3 May 1938 to 13 July 1945.

Between 1918 and 1919, he worked as a Red Guard and assistant for military communications. Then, from 1919 to 1920, he managed finances in Astrakhan province. In 1920, he became a military leader. From 1921 to 1923, he did propaganda work. Later, he worked education and planning until 1934. He studied from 1930 to 1934. From 1938 to 1945, he was served as the second secretary Communist Party in Kazakhstan. After that, he worked to agriculture and planning until he retired in 1966.


Piopio, New Zealand

Piopio is a small town in the Waitomo District, New Zealand. It is on the State Highway 3 about 23 km from Te Kūiti and has two schools in the town.

Lumijoki

Lumijoki is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 2,025 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hailuoto, Liminka, Oulu and Siikajoki.


Loreto, Marche

Loreto is a "comune" in the Province of Ancona in the Marche region in Italy.

Muhos

Muhos is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 8,844 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Liminka, Oulu, Siikalatva, Tyrnävä, Utajärvi and Vaala. The river Oulujoki flows through the municipality.


Saint-Maurice-Montcouronne

Saint-Maurice-Montcouronne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Trogir

Trogir is a port town on the Adriatic coast in Split-Dalmatia County, Croatia. In 2011, 10,923 people lived there. Trogir is on a small island between the Croatian mainland and the island of Čiovo. It is west of Split. Since 1997, the historic centre of Trogir was added as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its Venetian architecture. It is the largest building is the church of St. Lawrence.

Karma (character)

Karma (Xuân Cao Mạnh) is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller, the character first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" #100 (December 1980). She is mostly in association with The X-Men.


Rivaba Jadeja

Rivaba Ravindrasinh Jadeja ( Solanki, born 2 November 1990) is an Indian politician. She is a member of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly from the Jamnagar North Assembly constituency as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Himani Shivpuri

Himani Bhatt Shivpuri is an Indian actress who is known for her character roles in Hindi films and Hindi soap operas. She is best known for her role in the films including "Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!" (1994), "Raja" (1995), "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" (1995), "" (1996), "Hero No. 1" (1997), "Deewana Mastana" (1997), "Bandhan" (1998), and "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998).


Karishma Kotak

Karishma Kotak is a British model, actress and TV presenter.


Monty Brinson

G. Monty Brinson (born George Montgomery Hutchens Brinson; November 21, 1957 – January 24, 2016) was an American actor, writer, producer, and professional poker player. He was best known as the first husband of Kim Richards.

George Montgomery Hutchens Brinson was born in Guilford County, North Carolina on November 21, 1957. He was the son of Robert Laurie Brinson Jr. (1921–2003) and Sarah Elizabeth Brinson (née Hutchens; 1925–2000). His siblings were Elizabeth, Sarah, Robert L III, and George M.

Brinson's maternal grandfather, George Elijah Hutchens, was the founder of Food World; which he founded in 1917. His mother had served as the president and secretary of Food World Inc. Brinson was the heir to the supermarket franchise.

Brinson graduated from High Point Central High School in 1976.

Brinson wrote and co-produced the 1990 film "Escape", with his then-wife Kim. The duo founded the production company Brinson-Richards Entertainment in 1989.

Brinson was a professional poker player.

Brinson made numerous guest appearances on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" between 2010 and 2015.

Brinson married actress Kim Richards at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills on July 27, 1985. They had one daughter together, Brooke Ashley (born February 21, 1986). Their divorce was finalized in 1988. They divorced amicably, remaining close friends. Brinson had three grandchildren through Brooke and her husband Thayer Wiederhorn. His daughter has had two more children since Brinson's death.

Brinson married the "Playboy" Playmate of July 1988 Terri Lynn Doss in 1991. They had two daughters together; Alexandrea "Allie" and Madelyn. Their divorce was finalized in 1994.

Brinson died from lung cancer in a medical facility in Los Angeles, California on January 24, 2016. He was 58. His cancer had been diagnosed in December 2014. Brinson's private memorial service was held on January 28.

Brinson was survived by his two sisters and brother, both his ex-wives and his three daughters.

Seema (actress)

Shanthakumari Nambiar, known by her stage name Seema, is an Indian actress. known for her work in Malayalam cinema. Actor Vijayan gave her the screen name : "Seema".

The Centre (political party)

The Centre (; ; ) or Alliance of the Centre (; ) is a centrist political party in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2021 through the merger of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland (CVP/PDC) and the Conservative Democratic Party of Switzerland (BDP/PBD). The party has 28 of 200 seats in the National Council and has 13 of 46 seats in the Council of States.

The president of the party is Gerhard Pfister. The party's representative on the Federal Council is Viola Amherd.


John J. Collett

John George Collett (March 26, 1962 – October 29, 1991) was an American commodities salesman. He was best known as the fiancé of Kim Richards.

John George Collett was born in Burley, Idaho on March 26, 1962, as the only child of John George Collett Sr. and Jan Collett (née Holt).

Collett graduated from Workman High School - the only public high school located in City of Industry, California - in 1977.

Collett worked as a commodities salesman.

Collett became a central figure in a criminal scheme involving 8,000 elderly investors and nearly US$150 million (equivalent to $322 million in 2022) in losses. Sheldon M. Jaffe served as his attorney.

Collett had been engaged to actress Kim Richards for a few months prior to his death. The couple met when Collett was leaving an AA meeting and Richards was driving to a meeting. He had been sober for eight years when he met Richards.

Collett was murdered at around 1:30pm outside Brent's Deli in Northridge, Los Angeles on October 28, 1991. He was 29. He was pronounced dead at Northridge Hospital Medical Center. He was shot twice in the head at point-blank range by a hit man who had been paid US$30,000. Collett was interred at the Evergreen Cemetery in Springville, Utah on April 28, 1992.

Marva DeCarlo Johnson, a computer technician from Pasadena, California, was arrested on suspicion of Collett's murder on November 1, 1991. Johnson was charged with one count of murder and was held at the Los Angeles County Jail. Johnson pleaded guilty to one count of first-degree murder at his trial on March 31, 1993 and was sentenced to 30 years to life in state prison on June 28. The death penalty was considered. In May 2015, it was announced that a parole suitability hearing had been scheduled for September 10, which was denied.

Collett was speaking with Kim Richards on the phone when the shooting occurred. His body was identified by Richards. She spoke about Collett's murder on an episode of the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". 

River Mudale

The River Mudale is a river in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in Northern Scotland. It is known as the river which runs through the settlements of Alltnaharra and Mudale, it is also the main inflow of Loch Naver. The River Mudale is a popular place for Salmon Fishing.

Afro-Russians

Afro-Russians are people in Russia whose family comes from Africa. The Metis Foundation thinks that there were about 30,000 Afro-Russians in 2013. Afro-Russians have existed since the 17th century, when enslaved Africans were brought to Russia. Most of these slaves were sold to nobility. However, slavery was never adopted in most of Russia. Instead, most Africans who entered Russia in the Tsarist period worked as serfs.

Plasticosis

Plasticosis is a disease found in seabirds. It is caused by small pieces of plastic which hurt the bird's stomach and make it scar.

Angra dos Reis

Angra dos Reis is an Brazilian city in the southern part of the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 207,044 people lived here. Its area is 816.3 km². Brazil's nuclear power station Angra Nuclear Power Plant is here.

It was discovered by the Portuguese explorer André Gonçalves on January 6, 1502 and was colonized in 1556.

Kavita Paudwal

Kavita Paudwal Tulpule (born 1974), is an Indian singer. She is known for singing devotional songs Bhajan and has released around 40 music albums, including "Gayatri Mantra", "Krishna and Lakshmi" and "Amrutvani".

Estância, Sergipe

Estância is an Brazilian city in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 69,556 people lived here. Its area is 644.5 km². The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Estância.

Nossa Senhora da Glória

Nossa Senhora da Glória is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 37,324 people lived here and its area is 757.45 km².

Nossa Senhora das Dores, Sergipe

Nossa Senhora das Dores is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 26,795 people lived here and its area is 471 km².

It is named after Nossa Senhora das Dores, which means "Our lady of Sorrows" in Portuguese.

Muribeca

Muribeca is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe.

SlimBrowser

SlimBrowser is a Firefox engine based browser for Windows from Flashpeak inc, which is an American company. The browser used to be based on the Internet Explorer engine but it switched to Firefox engine in 2019. The has many features such as plug ins, quick search, auto login, popup killer, and blacklist and whitelist features. In version 6.0 multi process mode was added to add better performance for newer 64 bit systems and support more then 4 gigabytes of ram. Microsoft reccomended the browser to European consumers.

Sanaya Irani

Sanaya Irani (born 17 September 1983) is an Indian actress. She is known for playing Gunjan in "Miley Jab Hum Tum", Khushi in "Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?" and Parvati in "Rangrasiya". 


DJ Manzee

DJ Manzee, born Manish Rai on July 12, 1996, in Mumbai, DJ and music producer.

Mahatma Gandhi Ayurvigyan Vidyaapeeth

Mahatma Gandhi Ayurvigyan Vidyaapeeth is an Indian traditional medical and Naturopathy Vidyapeeth college, located in Sevagram Wardha, Nagpur, Maharashtra. It was established in 2010 by Ankush Sharma.


Ayasho Dynasty

The Ayasho Dynasty or the Hunza Royal House comprised of members of the Royal House of Ayasho I, who ruled the Kingdom of Hunza or Khanjut in Central Asia (now Pakistan) succeeding the Girkis dynasty. Their rule lasted 1100 years from 874-1974 CE. The Ayasho dynasty was founded by Shah Khan or Ayasho I of Hunza. The Ayash family had direct relations with the rulers of Wakhan and Badakshan. Khanjut or Hunza was an independent Kingdom. It was ruled by the Mirs of Hunza, who took the title of Thum. The state of Hunza acceded to Pakistan on 3 November 1974.
The Burusho folklore claims that the power and authority of the Ayasho family came from the Sky or dwellers of the sky, Hence called Ayeshé or Ayashó meaning "Heavenly" or "Heaven-born" in Burushaski. The rulers of Hunza were also known as "Heavenly Kings" or "Divine Rulers". The royal house was founded by King Shah Khan or Ayasho I, who traced his bloodline back to Prince Azar Jamshed of the Kayan Dynasty, whose great-grandson Sahib Khan, also known as Girkis, founded the Girkis dynasty and took control over the Hunza region.

According to the British sources the title Girkis the same as the Kirghis, who inhabit the steppes of Pamirs of northern Hunza. Cunningham writes that the Hunza region was formerly inhabited by the Dards and that they were displaced by the Kirghis nomads. According to him The Hunza Kings and the Chiefs of Shigar who take the Khanjut title of Tham, must also be Kirghis.

The people of Hunza and the ruling Ayasho dynasty spoke Burushaski as their native language. The Burushaski language is unrelated to any other language and is classified as an language Isolate. Few linguists have linked it to the Caucasian languages.

According to the British sources in the "History of Dardistan", the Hunzakuts or the people of Hunza are Mulais, a mysterious and heretical sect of Islam, similar to the Druze, practising curious rites. Their religious scripture is the "Kelam-i-pir" (Words of Saint), which throws much light on the doctrines of the "Assassins order" of Nizari Ismailism during the Crusades.

On 3 November, 1947, the Tham of Hunza, Mohammad Jamal Khan sent a telegram to Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan acceding his state to Pakistan. It stated:

The hereditary rulers, the "Thams of Hunza" were assisted by a council of Wazirs or ministers. Following is the list of rulers of Hunza, early rulers date not included (First table), Rulers with definate dates (Second Table).

Clapham

Clapham is an area in the London Borough of Lambeth in southwest London. It has a park called Clapham Common.

Pseudophilautus poppiae

Pseudophilautus poppiae is a frog. It lives in southern Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 1060 and 1270 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 21.3 – 24.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 26.0 mm long. The top and sides of the head are bright green in color and seem to glow. Some of these frogs have red spots on their green backs. Most have black spots. The sides of the body are yellow in color. The middle of the body and the tops of the back legs are yellow-brown in color. Parts of the mouth are yellow or white in color. The tops of the front legs are yellow green-yellow in color. There are white stripes on the outer edges of the front legs. The inner sides of the front legs are yellow. The belly is yellow.

This frog lives in trees. It lives in cloud forests where the tree branches come together like a roof. It lives in the branches below this roof and in smaller plants called shrubs. People have seen the male frogs sitting on plants 1-3 m above the ground. This frog can also live in places where human beings have planted cardamom plants, but not too many of the plants.

Scientists named this frog for Poppy Valentina Meyer because both her parents supported the Global Amphibian Assessment.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", they grow through direct development: They hatch out of eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

AEW New Year's Smash

AEW New Year's Smash is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held around the end of the year as their New Year special. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". 

The first event was originally supposed to take place on December 30, 2020, and end on January 6, 2021 but the event was pushed back a week. Instead, the Brodie Lee Celebration of Life event took it's place to honour the memory of AEW wrestler Brodie Lee who died on December 26.

AEW Homecoming

AEW Homecoming was a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and ended in 2021. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television show "Dynamite". 

The name of the event is a reference to the company returning to and holding shows at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. They would hold shows at Daily's Place because of the COVID-19 pandemic and them being restricted from traveling or holding shows in other cities.

All of the events are held at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida.

AEW Road Rager

AEW Road Rager was a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and ended in 2022. The event was usually held during the summer. The event aired as a special episodes of AEW's television shows, "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The name "Road Rager" is a reference to the fact that AEW had returned to live touring and had become the first major professional wrestling company to continue their live touring during the pandemic.

AEW St. Patrick's Day Slam

AEW St. Patrick's Day Slam is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held in March as their St. Patrick's Day special. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The event was first announced on March 10, 2021.

Sindhi topi

The Sindhi topi is a traditional cap, it is the cultural symbol of Sindhi men, it is a skullcap with an arch-shape cut out in front of cap, embroidered with local Sindhi embroideries, mirrorwork, gemstone work etc, it is worn by Sindhi men in Sindh, but Sindhi topi is quite famous in all over Pakistan.

AEW Winter Is Coming

AEW Winter Is Coming is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and is held in December. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The name "Winter Is Coming" is a reference to the debut episode and motto of House Stark of Winterfell in the HBO American fantasy drama series "Game of Thrones".

Ajrak

Ajrak (Sindhi: اجرڪ) is a traditional block printed shawl worn by Sindhi people, usually by men, it is the symbol of Sindhi culture. Different patterns of Ajrak are made in different cities of Sindh which are known for Ajrak making, Kutch region has been historically influenced by Sindh, Ajrak on small scale are also produced there. 

Ajrak is a block printed cloth with deep crimson red color and indigo blue background, having symmetrical patterns with dotted unprinted sparkling white motifs, mostly stars. Ajrak is mostly made of cotton. The ajrak is very ancient art of Sindh traceable from the earliest archaeological finds of the old Indus civilization of Moen Jo-Dero. It has been equally popular till today. 

The ajrak used by women was called as (Malir/Maleer) with so many designs, patterns and symbols, apart from traditional crimson red color, Malir can be of many other colors, it was used as chadar (veil) by Sindhi women, which is today used as veil, as dress and as Saris by women.

Pseudophilautus amboli

The Amboli bush frog or Amboli brown-eared shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus maia") is a frog. It lived in the Western Ghat Mountains.

Pseudophilautus tanu

The Sri Lanka petite shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus tanu") was a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka.

This frog lives in shrubs in open areas. Unlike other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", it does not live in deep forests or high in the hills. It lives in low wetlands.

EZ Aquarii

EZ Aquarii is a triple star solar system.

Pseudophilautus singu

The Sri Lanka short-horned shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus singu") was a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in the Kanneliya, Kottawa, and Kitulgala Forest Reserves.

This frog lives in shrubs in rainforests.

Merry Christmas (song)

"Merry Christmas" is a 2021 Christmas song by Ed Sheeran and Elton John. The song appeared on the Christmas edition of Sheeran's fifth studio album "=" and John's collaborative album "The Lockdown Sessions". It topped the single charts in the Flanders region of Belgium, Ireland, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Wallonia region of Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, New Zealand, Norway, Romania and Sweden.

Jump Up! (Elton John album)

Jump Up! is the sixteenth studio album by Elton John and was released on 9 April 1982 by Geffen Records. It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 3 in Australia and Norway, number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in Sweden, number 17 in the United States and number 19 in Canada.

Too Low for Zero

Too Low for Zero (stylised as 2 ▼ 4 0) is the seventeenth studio album by Elton John and was released on 30 May 1983. It went to number 2 in Australia and New Zealand, number 5 in Germany, number 6 in Norway, number 7 in Spain and the United Kingdom, number 17 in Canada and number 25 in the United States.


Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse

Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse is an multi-use arena located in Cleveland, Ohio that serves as the home for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League (AHL). The arena was also the home of the Cleveland Rockers of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 1997 until 2003. 

They first started to build the stadium on April 27, 1992. The arena opened on October 17, 1994 and the first event was a concert by Billy Joel. The Cavaliers had their first game in the arena on November 8, 1994. In their first game, they were defeated by the defending NBA champion Houston Rockets 199–109.

When the arena opened, it did not have a sponsor and was named Gund Arena after Cavaliers owner Gordon Gund. The name would last until August 2005. Dan Gilbert would buy the Cavaliers in August 2005 for $375 million. Gilbert would rename the arena Quicken Loans Arena which he named after his mortgage lending company Quicken Loans. After the company rebranded, the arena was changed to Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse along with the company.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the SummerSlam in 1996, No Mercy in 1999, Invasion in 2001, Survivor Series in 2004, Unforgiven in 2008, in 2014, and the 2016 and 2019 Fastlane pay-per-views.

The One (Elton John album)

The One is the 23rd studio album by Elton John and was released on 22 June 1992. It topped the album charts in Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Switzerland. It went to number 2 in Australia, Norway and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Denmark, number 7 in Canada and New Zealand and number 8 in Sweden and the United States.

All songs composed by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, except "Runaway Train", co-written by Olle Romö.

Galesville, Maryland

Galesville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2020 census, 623 people lived here.

Galesville is at 38°50'35" north, 76°32'37" west (38.8431707 -76.5435702).

Barra dos Coqueiros

Barra dos Coqueiros is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 30,930 people lived here and its area is 91 km².

Malhador

Malhador is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe.

Itabaiana

Itabaiana is an Brazilian city in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 96,142 people lived here and its area is 336.685 km².

Tserendorjiin Dagvadorj

Tserendorjiin Dagvadorj (born 25 October 1940) is a Mongolian archer. Dagvadorj competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Natjav Dariimaa

Natjav Dariimaa (born 19 May 1950) is a Mongolian archer. Dariimaa competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

List of fictional languages

Fictional languages, often referred to as constructed languages or conlangs, are linguistic systems created for the purpose of storytelling within works of fiction. These languages are devised by authors, filmmakers, or other creators to add depth, cultural richness, and authenticity to the imaginary worlds they construct. Unlike natural languages that evolve organically over time within human societies, fictional languages are intentionally designed with specific grammatical rules, vocabulary, and sometimes even scripts. 

The oldest significant fictional language appears to be Newspeak, a fictional language invented for George Orwell's "1984," written in 1949. Fictional Languages have grown significantly in prominence since then, especially within the science fiction community, with some notable examples of Fictional Languages including; Klingon, Sindarin, and Huttese.

"(By alphabetic order)"


Mintaka

Mintaka, also called Delta Orionis, is a multiple star system in the constellation Orion. It is the right star (northern hemisphere, or left star in the southern hemisphere) of the line of stars called Orion's Belt. It is over a thousand light years away from the Sun and consists mostly of bright blue stars. The largest and brightest of the stars is a blue bright giant 24 times the mass of the Sun and 17 times wider. Mintaka is surrounded by many fainter stars.

Tobyl

Tobyl () is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 28,453 people live in the city. This city is in the urban area of Kostanay. 

Tobyl was founded in 1863. At first it was named "Zatobolsk" (). It got city status in 2020.

Dvaravati sila

A dvaravati shila is a type of coral stone ("shaligrama") discovered from the Gomti river in Dwarka in Gujarat, India. In ancient Sanskrit literature, Dvaraka was called Dvarawati and was listed as one of the seven prehistoric (oldest) cities in the country. The Sila stones found at the mouth of the Gomti river is called the Dvaravati Sila and is used in worship.

Dvaraka Silas are coral with chakra (wheel) markings. The chakra-mark is the most noticable feature of these stones, and this is why they are called ‘chakrankita-sila’.

Aniconic representation of God is by a symbol rather than an image. Indian art likes the iconic image, but some aniconism does happen in folk worship, in early Hinduism in the form of Vishnu's Saligrama Sila (murthi) (fossil stone), Dvaravati Sila (coral stone), Govardhana Sila (stone from the Govardhan hill), etc. They have solar significance (importance of the sun), and their use in worship is very common among all groups of Vaishnavites of Hindu religion.

Aral, Kazakhstan

Aral () or Aralsk () is a city in the Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 36,955.

Aralsk got city status in 1938.

Kazalinsk

Kazaly ( or Kazalinsk ) is a city in the Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan. The city is located on the right bank of the Syr Darya River. As of 2023, the population of the city is 7,428.

Kazaly was founded in 1853 and got city status in 1867.

Oral, Kazakhstan

Oral ( or Uralsk ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the West Kazakhstan Region. It is on the right bank of the Ural River. As of 2023, 253,757 people live here, and 356,491 people live in the urban area.

Jacqui Lambie

She is a Australian politician who is the leader and founder of the Jacqui Lambie network she is a senator for Tasmania since 2019 and was previously a senator from 2014 to 2017

Aksay, West Kazakhstan Region

Aksay (, ) is a city in the West Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 36,352 people live here.

Aksay got city status in 1967.

Aral

Aral may refer to:


Jason Ojalvo

Jason Ojalvo is an American entrepreneur, former audiobook producer and CEO of Tushy. Tushy is a company that specializes in modernizing the bathroom experience. Jason also served as CEO of Adventures in Wonderland.

Jason graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Lafayette College. He later earned an MBA from Columbia Business School.

After graduating, Jason started his career at Disc Makers. He then joined Fluidity. In 2003, he joined The Orchard as the global head of marketing and business development. In 2006, Ojalvo became content vice president at Audible. In 2013, he started Audiobook Creation Exchange (ACX).

In 2017, Jared Leto appointed Ojalvo as the CEO of Adventures in Wonderland. In 2018, Ojalvo became the CEO of Tushy.

Jason won the Audie awards in 2003 and 2008. During the 55th annual Grammy awards, he won Best Spoken Word Album.

Break Me Shake Me

"Break Me Shake Me" is a 1997 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. It is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Savage Garden". It went to number 7 in Australia, number 23 in Canada, number 8 in New Zealand, number 5 in Greece, number 86 in Germany and number 39 in Sweden.

Single CD

Maxi CD

Standard

Limited edition


THG plc

THG plc, formerly The Hut Group, is a British e-commerce retail company based next to Manchester Airport. More than 8,000 people work there. It sells own-brand and other business's cosmetics, dietary supplements and luxury goods online. It provides an end-to-end e-commerce service to other companies through its Ingenuity division. As of 2023, the company operates 16 fulfilment centres worldwide.

It was started in Manchester in 2004 with a £500,000 investment by Matt Moulding and John Gallemore. The company sold CDs and DVDs online. It is one of Manchester’s most successful businesses. When it started on the London Stock Exchange it had a market capitalisation of more than £5 billion. 

Manchester Arndale

Manchester Arndale is a large shopping centre in the centre of Manchester, England. It was built between 1972 and 1979, at a cost of £100 million. It was the last of three local buildings designed by Wilson and Womersley architects, after Hulme Crescents and the Manchester Education Precinct. It was covered with yellow tiles. Manchester Arndale is the largest of the chain of Arndale Centres built across the UK in the 1960s and 1970s. It was redeveloped after the 1996 Manchester bombing.

The centre has a retail floorspace of just under 1,400,000 sq ft (130,000 m) (not including Selfridges and Marks and Spencer department stores to which it is connected by a link bridge). It ist Europe's third largest city-centre shopping mall. It is one of the largest in the UK, with about 41 million visitors a year, ahead of the Trafford Centre.

There is a market which is owned and run by Manchester City Council. The rest of the centre is owned by M&G Real Estate and run by CBRE Group.

Broadleaf

Broadleaf refers to trees or other plants which have broad leaves. Specifically, it means "not" grasses (not Poaceae). A broadleaf plant is a member of the Magnoliopsida, better known as the dicots.

UNTV

UNTV (formally known as UNTV News and Rescue and UNTV Public Service) is the flagship Philippine television network of the Progressive Broadcasting Corporation (known on air as UNTV-PBC), together with Breakthrough and Milestones Productions International.

Order of Parasat

The Order of Parasat (, "Parasat ordeni") is one of the state orders of Kazakhstan.

It is awarded to people for good work in science, culture, literature and art. Also it is awarded to public figures, defenders of human rights, and others who have added to Kazakhstan's spiritual or intellectual growth.

Crash and Burn (Savage Garden song)

"Crash and Burn" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fourth single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in the United States, number 16 in Scotland, number 12 in Canada, number 16 in Australia, number 8 in Czech Republic, number 19 in New Zealand, number 41 in Ireland and number 22 in Iceland.






Order of Otan

The Order of Otan (, "Otan ordeni") is one of the state orders of Kazakhstan.

It is awarded to people for achievements in areas such as state and public activities, economy, social issues, science, culture, government, law enforcement, military service.

Karelian language

Karelian, is a Finnic language spoken in Karelia, Russia and Finland. It is spoken by Karelians.

It is not to be confused with Livvi-Karelian, which is a different language.

Selfridges

Selfridges, also known as Selfridges & Co., is a chain of large department stores in the United Kingdom that is operated by Selfridges Retail Limited, part of the Selfridges Group of department stores. It was founded by Harry Gordon Selfridge in 1908.

The historic Daniel Burnham-designed Selfridges flagship store at 400 Oxford Street in London is the second-largest shop in the UK (after Harrods). It opened on 15 March 1909. Other Selfridges stores opened in Manchester at the Trafford Centre (1998) and Exchange Square (2002), and in Birmingham at the Bullring (2003).

During the 1940s, smaller Selfridges stores were sold to the John Lewis Partnership, and in 1951, the original Oxford Street store was bought by the Liverpool-based Lewis's chain of department stores. Lewis's and Selfridges were then taken over in 1965 by the Sears Group, owned by Charles Clore. The business expanded under the Sears Group to include branches in Manchester and Birmingham. It was bought in 2003 by Canada's Galen Weston for £598 million. In December 2021, the Weston family agreed to sell the majority of Selfridges Group for around £4 billion to a joint venture between Thai conglomerate Central Group and Austria's Signa Holding.

Selfridges & Co. was named the Best Department Store in the World in 2010, 2012 and 2014.

It is owned by the Signa Holding group, which is owned by Austrian real estate billionaire René Benko. It filed for administration in 2023.

Jaivardhan Kurothe

Jayawardhan Kurothe (born 13 May 1982) is an Indian politician. He is the state president of Hindu Sanatan Vahini, Chhattisgarh. He comes from a small town in Sausar district.

He was the District Secretary in rural N.S.U.I in Raipur district. He is involved with several NGOs.

He attributes a large part of his success to Rahul Jogi the former National Coordinator of the Indian National Congress and Deputy In charge of the Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee, who elected him as his party worker.


Nadim Karam

Nadim Karam (born 1957) is a multidisciplinary Lebanese artist and architect. He fuses his artistic output with his background in architecture to create large-scale urban art projects in different cities of the world. 


Mahender Singh Tawar

Mahender Singh Tawar (Born 3 June 1988) is an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer currently serving as the District Magistrate and Collector in Sant Kabir Nagar.


Rishabh Yadav

Rishabh Yadav (born 13 August 2002 in Gurugram, Haryana, India) is a compound archer from India. At the 2021 World Archery Youth Championships at Wrocław, Poland, he won the bronze medal in the men's compound archery event. On 17 November 2021.

Big Brother (British series 20)

Big Brother 2023 (also known as Big Brother 20) is the twentieth season of "Big Brother UK" and the first season of the ITV reboot of the show.
It was very well received by the public

Previously, the show ended in 2018 with its nineteenth season airing on Channel 5. In 2022, ITV bought the show. Several changes were made, including building a new house for the contestants and introducing new presenters: AJ Odudu and Will Best.

The format of the show remained the same. A group of strangers lived together in the house for six weeks with no contact outside of the house. They were filmed every day and had to complete tasks and challenges. Throughout the series, the public voted out their least favourite housemates until only one remained and got a prize of £100,000.

Sixteen housemates took part in this series, with all of them entering on Day One. Below they are listed in the order that they entered the house.

Coursera

Coursera is a large-scale open online course provider in the United States, founded in 2012 by Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller, professors of computer science at Stanford University. Coursera partners with universities and other organizations to offer online courses, certificates, and diplomas in a variety of subjects. By 2021, approximately 150 universities will offer more than 4,000 Coursera courses.

Coursera also offers postgraduate courses in collaboration with universities. For example, the platform has a partnership with HEC Paris for the Executive Master in Innovation and Entrepreneurship. 100% online, this program aims to train top managers specializing in these two fields in 18 months. It opened in March 2017.


Kashish Singh

Kashish Singh is an Indian actress and a model. She has appeared in a couple of regional films and is on the verge of making her Bollywood debut.

Souvik Chakrabarti

Souvik Chakrabarti (born 12 July 1991), is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or defender for Indian Super League club East Bengal.

Vedika Dutt

Vedieka Dutt born in Beleghata, North Kolkata, is an Indian actress and model.

Sujeet Kumar (politician)

Sujeet Kumar is an Indian politician of the Biju Janata Dal party and a Member of Parliament (MP), representing Odisha in the Rajya Sabha(The Council of States or The Upper House), since 2020.

Badarkhali Union

Badarkhali is a city in southeastern Bangladesh. It is an Union Parishad. It is on the banks of the Moheshkhali Channel. it has a population of over 47,000. It is located south of Chittagong and in Cox's Bazar District. The modern Badarkhali derives its name from Badar Shah. In 1340 Badar Shah and the twelve Awlias, along with the Sufi general Syed Nasiruddin defeated King Achak Narayan of Tungachal and established Muslim rule there.

Badarkhali is located at 21.7193635 °N, 91.9499643 °E. It has 5,000 household units and total area about 9 square kilometers. The main river flowing on Badarkhali is Moheshkhali channel.

It is surrounded by Dorbeshkhata on the north, and Moheshkhali Channel on the south, east and west.

Badarakhali Union's economy depends mainly on agriculture and fisheries.

Badarkhali Union Parisad consists of a chairman and twelve members, including three seats reserved exclusively for women. Union Parishads are formed under the "Local Government (Union Parishads) Act, 2009". The boundary of each Union is demarcated by the Deputy Commissioner of . Union Council is the body primarily responsible for agricultural, industrial and community development within the local limits of the union.

HDFC Bank

HDFC Bank Limited (also known as HDB) is an Indian banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai. It is India's largest private sector bank by assets and the world's fifth largest bank by market capitalisation , following its takeover of parent company HDFC. It is the third largest company on Indian stock exchanges with a market capitalisation of $150 billion (as of 6 September 2023).

Sujeet Pushpakar Dharkar

Air Marshal Sujeet Pushpakar Dharkar, PVSM, AVSM is an officer in the Indian Air Force. He is currently serving as the Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Air Command. He assumed the office on 1 October 2022. Previously, he served as the Senior Air Staff Officer of South Western Air Command, Gandhinagar.

Shera Danese

Shera Danese (born October 9, 1949) is an American actress and the widow of actor Peter Falk.

Buffer overflow

A buffer overflow is a kind of vulnerability of software. It occurs when a program writes data into a buffer that is longer than the buffer's allocated size. Part of the data will then be written into an area which is not part of the buffer. Because the buffer overflow changes other data as well, this can cause a program to malfunction. Buffer overflows are commonly used as a security exploit. When planned properly, it is possible to write data into memory, which will then be executed as a program, possibly with a different privilege level. This is known as privilege escalation. Buffers are widespread in operating system (OS) code, so it is possible to make attacks that perform privilege escalation and gain unlimited access to the computer's resources. The Morris worm of 1988 used this. 

There are certain programming languages, such as C or C++ that do not protect well against accessing or overwriting data in any part of memory. They also do not check the that the data written into an array is not larger than the array. Bounds checking can prevent buffer overflows, but it needs more code, and processing time. 

Modern operating systems protect themselves against buffer overflows. One technique is to use a random location in memory, by leaving some spacce between buffers, and by looking ofr actions that write to those areas.

The so-called off-by-one error can also cause a buffer overflow. Suppose an array has a size of 50 elements. The first element is at position 0, the second at position one, etc. The last one is at position 49. Using position 50 will cause a buffer overflow. 
Buffer overflows cause the following problems:


Buffer overflows are a serious security concern and have been used to exploit vulnerabilities in various software applications, including operating systems, web servers, and network protocols. To prevent buffer overflows, developers need to implement secure coding practices, such as bounds checking and input validation, and use memory-safe programming languages or libraries that provide built-in protections against this type of vulnerability. Additionally, regular security audits and updates are essential to identify and patch potential buffer overflow vulnerabilities in software.

Ravi Jadhav

Ravindra Jadhav (born 22 September 1971) known professionally as Ravi Jadhav is an Indian film director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He made his directorial debut with the Marathi musical drama "Natarang" in 2010.

Brainbombs

Brainbombs is a noise rock band from Sweden. The members are Dan, Peter, Jonas, Drajan, Mattis and Lanchy.

Brainbombs is known for their repetitive and loud songs and their controversial lyrics with themes about murder, rape and torture. The band have said they are inspired from author Peter Sotos, American band Chrome, James Chance and English noise band Whitehouse.

Before Brainbombs, singer Peter Råberg was in a band called "Dödshjälp fd. Hedebyborna". Although the band only lasted 1 year. (1981-1982) Initially, the lineup for Brainbombs was Peter Råberg on vocals, Jonas Tiljander on guitar, Andreas Lönnquist on bass and Anders (Drajan) Bryngelsson on drums. But Andreas was kicked after their first rehearsal. Soon after, they got a second guitarist called Lanchy Orre from the hardcore band Totalitär and Peter's elder brother, Dan who wrote lyrics and played trumpet.

Current



Peter - Dödshjälp fd. Hedebyborna

Jonas - Bremen

Drajan - 3 Kranar, Browneye, Desperate Fix, Engürdetz, FCOC, Krig I Hudik, Misgovernment, No Balls, Orchestra Of Constant Distress, Regler, Swinehood, The Teenage Graves

Dan - No Balls, N. Y. Angst

Lanchy - Totalitär, N. Y. Angst

Mattis - Dissekerad, Kakafoni, Makabert Fynd, Napalm A.D., Humant Blod





Dunfermline Palace

Dunfermline Palace is located in Fife, Scotland. It is a major tourist attraction spot in Dunfermline.

Baton charge

A baton charge is away of dispersing crowds of people, usually used by police or military in response to public disorder. In South Asia, a long bamboo stick, called "lathi" in Hindi and Urdu, is used for crowd control, and its called a lathi charge.

The tactic involves police officers charging at a crowd of people with batons and sometimes, riot shields. They run at the crowd hitting people with their batons, and in some situations use riot shields to push them away. Baton charging is designed to cause pain or fear of pain, in the hope that people would move away from the scene.

Central Legislative Assembly

The Central Legislative Assembly was the lower house of the Imperial Legislative Council, the legislature of British India. It was started by the Government of India Act 1919, as part of the Montagu–Chelmsford Reforms. It was also sometimes called the Indian Legislative Assembly and the Imperial Legislative Assembly. The Council of State was the upper house of the legislature for India.
As a result of Indian independence, the Legislative Assembly was dissolved on 14 August 1947 and its place taken by the Constituent Assembly of India and the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan.

December 2023 Mindanao earthquake

A magnitude 7.6 earthquake happened in Hinatuan, Caraga, Philippines, at the depth of , on 2 December 2023, at 22:37 PST (14:37 UTC). Two peoples died, and four others was injured. Nine peoples are also missing.

The Philippines islands were made in a long process where parts of the Earth went under each other and crashed together. This causes a lot of earthquakes there. These earthquakes happen because the Philippine Sea Plate and the Sunda Plate are colliding. They don't just crash straight into each other; instead, they slide against each other at an angle. This sliding is taken care of by the Philippine fault system, which is a big crack in the Earth where things are moving horizontally. In one part of the fault, in the northern and central Leyte sections, it's moving about 33 ± 11 millimeters per year.

In the southern part of the Philippine fault, which is mainly in eastern Mindanao, things are more complicated. It's not just one big crack; it's like a puzzle with different pieces. Mindanao island is right on the border where the Sunda Plate and the Philippine Sea Plate are colliding. Some of the movement between these plates is managed by the Philippine fault and also by one part where the plates are going under each other, called the Cotabato trench.

The United States Geological Survey said the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.6 and a maximum Modified Mercalli intensity of VIII ("Very Strong"). The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said the earthquake had a magnitude of 6.9 and that it measured V ("Strong") on the PHIVOLCS Earthquake Intensity Scale in Tandag.

The earthquake happened as a result of shallow oblique-thrust faulting along the Philippine Trench. The Philippine Sea Plate moved towards the west-northwest compared to the Sunda Plate. The earthquake's impact was strongest near the center and slightly higher, covering an area of about . The movement reached a maximum of about .

PHIVOLCS recorded over 819 aftershocks in total. Within nearly a day of the earthquake, the United States Geological Survey recorded 113 aftershocks with a magnitude above 4.5. These aftershocks happened southeast of the main earthquake. The biggest aftershock, with a magnitude of 6.6, happened on December 3.

Tsunami warnings were issued by PHIVOLCS in Surigao del Sur and Davao Oriental, and NHK said that tsunami waves up to might hit Japan's southern coast. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said that they tsunami waves to be as high as in the Philippines, in Palau, and less than in American Samoa, China, South Korea, Polynesia, Melanesia, Micronesia, Hawaii, Indonesia, Japan, Taiwan and Malaysia.

A tsunami with a height of was seen on Mawes Island. On Hachijō-jima, a Japanese island located south of Tokyo, waves measuring were documented. In Davao, the tsunami reached a height of .

Two deaths were recorded, one in Tagum and another in Bislig. Both deaths were because of collapsing walls. Four people were injured and nine others were missing. According to defense secetary, Gilbert Teodoro, 529 families were affected. In Hinatuan, three houses collapsed, one was damaged, and power outages happened. Minor damage happened in Butuan, Surigao, Sayak, Tandag and Bislig airports. Some houses were damaged in Agusan del Sur, where power was knocked out in the entire province. In Bayugan, a store's wall collapsed. Several houses, bridges, and mosque were damaged, power outages and people passing out from the earthquake in Davao City. Patients were evacuated from a hospital in Butuan. Hinatuan's government estimated infrastructure damage at ₱9.8 million (US$197,000). 268 houses were damaged, and 90 were destroyed, totaling ₱44 million (US$900,000). The overall estimated damage was ₱54.8 million (US$1.1 million).

Abydos King List (Ramesses II)

The Abydos King List of Ramesses II, also known as the Fragmentary Abydos King List or the Fragmentary Abydos Table, is a list of kings of Ancient Egypt. Just like with the Abydos King List created by Seti I, Ramesses II's copy also lists pharaohs of ancient pharaohs. Due to it's condiction and it being a copy of Seti's list, Ramesses's list is often ignored. The fragments of his lists were removed by the French consul and sold to the British Museum..

It was written on a wall of the Temple of Ramesses II at Abydos, Egypt. The surviving list has two rows of cartouches (borders around the name of a king) in each row. The upper two rows list the kings, while the third row repeats Ramesses II's throne name and praenomen.

It lists the Old Kingdom kings in the order in which they ruled. Due to it's condiction, not all pharaohs have their names on the list.

This names of some earlier pharaohs who were not seen to be lawful rulers — such as Akhenaten, Hatshepsut, Smenkhkare, Tutankhamen, and Ay, have been left out of the list.

The names are listed in reverse chronological order from the upper right to the bottom left, as they were meant to be read.


Brecon

Brecon () is a market town in Powys, which is in Wales. In 2011, 8,250 people lived there.

Llangynyw

Llangynyw (also spelled Llangyniew) is a village in Powys, which is in Wales. In 2011, 582 people lived there.

List of poets from North America

This is a list of poets from North America.





Norberto James Rawlings, wrote one of the most iconic Dominican poems of the twentieth century, "The Immigrants"; born in the Dominican Republic; d. 2021











The Nobel Prize in Literature, has been won by poets Toni Morrison, Louise_Glück. Another winner of that award, Sinclair Lewis, had his first works (printed or) published in "Yale Courant" and the "Yale Literary Magazine"; Those works were romantic poetry and short sketches. 

John Lyons, born in Trinidad (1933), grew up in Trinidad and Tobago

Other countries in North America, has famous poets.


Pseudophilautus maia

Pseudophilautus maia was a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it exactly one place: Poojagoda Estate. Scientists have seen it 1400 meters above sea level.

Unlike other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", "P. maia" had a tympanum, or eardrum, that is easy to see.

This frog is extinct. There are none alive now. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down too many trees to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Kongo

Kongo can mean:



Wolof

Wolof can mean:


Xhosa

Xhosa can mean:


Crickhowell

Crickhowell () is a town in Powys, Wales. In 2011, 2,063 people lived there.

Llandrindod Wells

Llandrindod Wells () is a town in Powys, Wales. It is in the historic county of Radnorshire. In 2011, 5,309 people lived there.

Musselburgh

Musselburgh (; ) is the largest town in East Lothian, Scotland. It is on the coast of the Firth of Forth, east of Edinburgh city centre. About 21,100 people live there.

The Battle of Pinkie was fought between Scotland and England in 1547.

Siikajoki

Siikajoki is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,858 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hailuoto, Liminka, Lumijoki, Raahe and Siikalatva.

The former municipality of Ruukki was merged to form the municipality of Siikajoki on 1 January 2007.


Ruukki

Ruukki is a former municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 31 December 2006, 4,505 people lived there.

The former municipality of Ruukki was merged to form the municipality of Siikajoki on 1 January 2007.

Mambajao

Mambajao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Camiguin. According to the 2020 census, 41,094 people lived there.

Mahinog

Mahinog is a municipality in the province of Camiguin, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 14,634 people lived there.

Dumaguete

Dumaguete is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Negros Oriental. According to the 2020 census, 134,103 people lived there.

The city is known for Silliman University, the first Protestant and American university in the country and in Asia.

Bacong

Bacong is a municipality in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 41,207 people lived there.

Bayawan

Bayawan is a city in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 122,747 people lived there.

Calumpit

Calumpit is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 118,471 people lived there.

Plaridel, Bulacan

Plaridel is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 114,432 people lived there.

Joseph-Nicolas Barbeau du Barran

Joseph-Nicolas Barbeau du Barran (3 July 1761 – 16 May 1816,) was a French politician. He was deputy to the French National Convention and a member of the Chambre des représentants de France during the Hundred Days.

Moinești

Moinești is a city in Bacău County, Romania. As of 2021, 19,728 people live in Moinești.

Jean-Lambert Tallien

Jean-Lambert Tallien (23 January 1767 in Paris – 16 November 1820 in Paris) was a French politician of the revolutionary period. Though initially an active agent of the Reign of Terror, he eventually clashed with its leader, Maximilien Robespierre, and is best known as one of the key figures of the Thermidorian Reaction that led to the fall of Robespierre and the end of the Terror.

Mircești

Mircești is a commune in Iași County, Romania.

Comăna

Comăna (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

V4650 Sagittarii

V4650 Sagittarii is a luminous blue variable (a type of hypergiant star) located in the Sagittarius constellation. It is close to the center of the Milky Way, the galaxy we live in. It is possibly the brightest star known, with a luminosity nearly 8 million times that of the Sun. Although it is very bright, it is also very far away and covered by a lot of dust, which blocks out its light. This means that we cannot see it with our naked eye. 

V4650 Sagittarii has an effective temperature of 12,000 Kelvins.

Verneuil-sur-Vienne

Verneuil-sur-Vienne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Haute-Vienne department in west France.

Giovanni Battista Moroni

Giovanni Battista Moroni (c. 1520-1524 – 5 February 1578) was an Italian painter of the Mannerism. He is also called Giambattista Moroni. He became known for the elegance and realism of his portraits of the nobility and the clergy. He is considered one of the great portrait painters of the 16th-century.

Noise rock

Noise rock (sometimes called noise punk) is a music genre that uses elements of noise and experimental rock Artists in the genre usually use electric guitars to get alot of distortion in their music. Sometimes, they will also use electronic instruments to add percussion or to add to their overall songs.

Although noise rock has existed before the coinage of the term "noise rock", the term was first used to describe punk groups in the 1980s that used an increased usage of abrasiveness in their music. One of the first noise rock albums is considered to be White Light/White Heat by The Velvet Underground in 1968.

Burning Hell (Brainbombs album)

Burning Hell is the first album by Brainbombs, it was put on vinyl LP by Blackjack Records in 1992. In 1994, Blackjack Records released a CD edition. The album's first vinyl release had a song named "X!?+☐+..." which was removed from the CD release. The track was lost media until in 2015 when the full LP including the track was posted to YouTube.

The album is also the possible sources of names from later albums. "Pleasures And Dreams" includes a lyric "Genius and brutality, taste and power." which is the name of the next studio album by Brainbombs. Urge to Kill being the name of an album of the same name they released in 1998. And "Do What's Right" sourcing from "No Guilt" from the "Anne Frank" single.

Full LP with missing track

Netsky

Netsky is a Belgian disc jockey that plays with Drum and bass music. He is signed to Hospital Records.

Obey (Brainbombs album)

Obey is the third album by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs, it is also their most popular album. It was first released in 1996 through record labels Releasing Eskimo and Slow Dance, then it was released on vinyl in the United States in 1997. Armageddon Records has reissued the album many times, on both CD and vinyl. The the person on the album cover is American murderer Ed Gein. The first 35 seconds of "Kill Them All" are recorded from a Kawai MS710 keyboard demonstration track.

Obey was recorded during October of either 1994 or 1995. It was then produced by producer Birger Thorburn and released though Releasing Eskimo in 1996.

Urge to Kill (Brainbombs album)

Urge to Kill is a studio album by Brainbombs, released on CD by Load Records in 1999. In 2010, Armageddon Records issued the album for the first time on vinyl LP. The album's lyrics are mostly about rape and murder from the perspective of the attacker.

Brainbombs (1999 compilation)

Brainbombs (also known as Singles Collection) is a compilation by Brainbombs which compiles songs made by the band from 1989 to 1994.

Doljin Demberel

Doljin Demberel (born 19 May 1938) is a Mongolian archer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Gombosure Enkhtaivan

Gombosure Enkhtaivan is a Mongolian archer. She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Dorjsembeegiin Erdenchimeg

Dorjsembeegiin Erdenchimeg (born 14 January 1959) is a Mongolian archer. Erdenchimeg competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Jantsangiin Gantögs

Jantsangiin Gantögs (born 12 April 1972) is a Mongolian archer. Gantögs competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Jargalyn Otgon

Jargalyn Otgon (born 5 February 1957) is a Mongolian archer. Otgon competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Cheap (Brainbombs EP)

Cheap is an EP by Swedish rock band Brainbombs. It was released through Load Records through vinyl. Load also released a limited edition clear red vinyl of the EP aswell. The EP has a remix of "It's a Burning Hell" off the album "Burning Hell". The remix was made by German DJ, Alec Empire and recorded in 2000 but was not released until the LP was released. The remix had mixed reviews, the band has also said they were not happy with the remix.

Jack The Ripper Lover / No End (Brainbombs single)

Jack The Ripper Lover / No End is the debut single of Swedish rock band Brainbombs. It was self-released on vinyl and around 533 copies were made. The person on the album cover is English serial killer Peter Sutcliffe.

Universe (Savage Garden song)

"Universe" is a 1997 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fifth single from their self-titled debut studio album. It went to number 25 in New Zealand and number 26 in Australia.


Khaplu Kingdom

The Khaplu Kingdom (Balti: ཁ་པུ་ལུ།; Wylie: kha pu lu), also known as the Yabgo Kingdom, was an independent kingdom ruled by the Yabgo dynasty. It was located in the Baltistan region on the Tibetan plateau, being the second-largest Balti Kingdom after the Makpon Kingdom. The Yabgo dynasty governed Khaplu for over 1000 years, from well before 1500 to 1972. They held control over the trade route to Ladakh along the Shyok River, east of where it meets the Indus. The Yabgo dynasty had strong political and family connections with the royal families of neighboring Ladakh and Makpon, thanks to intermarriages within the royal circles.

The rulers of the Yabgo dynasty are said to have come from Mongolian roots, tracing their family line back to Beg Manthal around 800 AD. Originally from Yarkand, which is now part of Xinjiang, China, Beg Manthal conquered and separated the Khaplu area from the Tibetan Empire, establishing his rule. Even under Dogra and Makpon rule, the Yabgo dynasty's influence persisted nominally. The name 'Yabgo' is a title originating from Chinese Turkestan. The Balti Kings held the Tibetan title 'Cho' (Balti: ཇོ་བོ; Jo-Bo), signifying 'Lord' or 'Master.'

Until the ninth century, Khaplu and the wider Baltistan region were part of the Tibetan Empire, practicing Tibetan Buddhism. As time passed, the influence of Buddhism declined, and many Baltis began to convert to Islam under the guidance of Sufi saints and preachers like Sayyid Ali Hamadani.

The Yabgo dynasty's rule in Khaplu began around 800 CE when Beg Manthal, the 10th descendant of Prince Tung (founder of the Gaz dynasty), arrived from Yarkhand (now part of modern China) and conquered Khaplu. The Yabgo surname, initially associated with the leader of the Gaz tribes in western Turkistan, became the family name of the Yabgo dynasty.

The Yabgo dynasty originally established its capital at Talis village, later moved to Khaplu. The Yabgo rulers of Khaplu, were patrons of art, poetry, and literature during their long reign in the region. They constructed numerous palaces, mosques, and forts, including the Khaplu Royal Palace, known locally as Yabgo Khar (ཡབ་གོ་མཁར།). This palace served as the seat of power and residence for the Kings of Khaplu for over a century.

Built in 1840 by King Daulat Ali Khan, the Khaplu Palace is a prime example of royal architecture in Baltistan. The site was selected by rolling a large stone down from a nearby cliff, marking the spot where it stopped. The palace is built traditional Balti/Tibetan styles with Central Asian and Mughal elements, replaced the old fort situated on the mountains.

The old fort, with only a few remnants remaining, witnessed battles throughout its history. In the 1590s, Murad Khan of the Maqpon Dynasty captured the fort during the Conquest of Khaplu by strategically cutting off its water and supplies. Despite resistance, the fort surrendered after a three-month siege. It fell to invaders again in the 1660s and 1674.

Even after being occupied by the Makpon and Dogra rulers, the Kings of Khaplu maintained nominal rule. In 1972, the state was abolished and joined Pakistan. The last King, Raja Fatah Ali Khan, saw the end of the Khaplu Kingdom. His royal descendants continue as heads of the family, residing in Khaplu.

Princess Ayum Khri Gyalmo (འ་ཡུམ་ཁྲི་རྒྱལ་མོ།), also known as ZiZi, of Khaplu married King Nima Namgyal of Ladakh. They agreed that Queen Zizi's son would be the next king of Ladakh. Following is the agreement mentioned in the Treaty of Wamle on pages 30 and 31, explaining the connection between Khaplu and Ladakh:

The Khaplu society are divided into different groups or social statuses. Following are some of them:

The rest of the people are civilians and subjects of the Kingdom of Khaplu.

Before Islam and Buddhism, Baltistan was influenced by the Zhangzhung. In 686, under Songtsen Gampo's control, Baltistan and Khaplu embraced Tibetan Buddhism, with the Bon and animist beliefs gradually fading. Gompas (religious structures) and stupas were built, and lamas played a significant role in Balti life.

Islam, introduced by Sufi missionaries like Sayyid Ali Hamadani, gained ground. Noorbakhshism was introduced in Baltistan, converting Buddhists in Khaplu and Shigar valleys. By the 17th century, most Baltis converted to Islam, with some embracing Shia and Sunni branches. Khaplu, however, remained a stronghold of Noorbakshia. Nowadays 80% of Khaplu follows Noorbakhshism and the rest 20% follow Shia and Sunni Islam.

Religious gatherings in Sufi Khanqahs also known as Gonmas (spiritual centers) are crucial for Baltis, promoting spiritual purity through training. Mosques in Khaplu, reflecting traditional Balti/Tibetan architecture, resemble Tibetan monasteries. In 1906, Miss Duncan in her book "Summer Ride" wrote that the great Tamasha trumpets, like those of the Lamaist mystery plays, were used at Khaplu.

The Khaplu Kingdom was ruled by the Yabgo Dynasty or the House of Yabgo. Following is the list of rulers of Yabgo dynasty, given by Alexander Cunningham:

Chained to You

"Chained to You" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fifth single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 16 on the Australian charts and no music video was made.

Australia

Europe

You Were Meant for Me (Jewel song)

"You Were Meant for Me" is a 1996 song by Jewel and is the second single from her debut studio album "Pieces of You". It went to number 2 in the United States and Canada, number 32 in the United Kingdom, number 22 in New Zealand, number 69 in the Netherlands, number 30 in Scotland, number 37 in Iceland and number 3 in Australia. It was covered by Irish girl group Bellefire.


Hold Me (Savage Garden song)

"Hold Me" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the sixth single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Scotland, number 13 in New Zealand, number 31 in Ireland, number 54 in Australia and number 21 in Poland.

CD1

CD2

Cassette

Single CD

Maxi-CD



Beta Pictoris

Beta Pictoris is a star in the constellation of Pictor. The star has two planets around it named Beta Pictoris b and Beta Pictoris c.

Beta Pictoris is visible to the eye at night but can only be seen in the southern hemisphere. The star is 63.4 light years away from Earth. Beta Pictoris also has a "dust cloud" around it.

Affirmation (Savage Garden song)

"Affirmation" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the title track to their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 26 in Sweden, number 23 in Ireland, number 29 in New Zealand, number 36 in Canada, number 16 in Australia and number 2 in Singapore.

All live tracks were recorded at the Brisbane Entertainment Centre in May 2000.






Area code 773

Area code 773 serves Chicago, Illinois, outside the Chicago Loop and the innermost neighborhoods.

At first, all of Chicago and its suburbs used area code 312. In 1989, area code 708 was created for the suburbs, leaving the city in area code 312.

By the mid-1990s, Chicago's continued growth and the spread of cell phones and pagers made it obvious that the city needed a new area code. It was decided to split off all of the city outside the downtown area as 773. The new area code went into effect on October 12, 1996. Tolerant dialing of 312 continued across Chicago until January 11, 1997. On August 10, 2007, the Illinois Commerce Commission announced that area code 872 would overlay area codes 312 and 773; it went into service on November 7, 2009.

Sports for the disabled

Sports for the disabled, also called parasports are sports played by people with a disability, including physical and intellectual disabilities. Some are adapted from existing able-bodied sports. Some have been made for persons with a disability and do not have an able-bodied equivalent. There are four categories: physical, mental, permanent and temporary. In competitions disability sport classifications enable fair competition between people with different types of disabilities.

Much like with other sports, there are sports for everyday people, and sports for people who do this professionally.

These sports started in the nineteenth century. The "Cripples Olympiad" was held in the U.S.A. in 1911. The first deaf sport games - the 'Paris Silent Games' - was in 1924. This led to the modern Deaflympics. After the end of World War II there were many soldiers and civilians disabled. Sport was used as method of treatment and rehabilitation. Ludwig Guttmann, a leading German neurologist set up the first Stoke Mandeville Games on July 28th 1948, the same day as the Opening Ceremony of the 1948 Olympic Games in London. This was for wheelchair athletes. The first Paralympic Games were in Rome in 1960. Games people with intellectual disabilities started in the 1960s. The first Special Olympics were held in Chicago in 1968. In 1986, the International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability (INAS-FID) was formed to support competition for athletes with intellectual disabilities. The International Paralympic Committee was set up in 1989 in Düsseldorf. At the London 2012 Paralympic Games there were 23 parasports.

There are many different sorts of disabilities. The International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD) was created in 1964. At first the classifications were medical, so people who had polio were put together. They were very different in how they were affected. Functional classification systems were developed, as they were better at putting people with similar abilities together. They have been used since the 1980s.

There are six big specific disability sport organizations governing classification:


As members of the International Paralympic Committee, they have to comply with classification code spelled out by the IPC on how to establish and maintain a classification system.

The International Sports Federations are in charge of classification for some disability types in athletics, alpine skiing, wheelchair rugby and lawn bowls.

Bruno Guimarães

Bruno Guimarães Rodriguez Moura (born 16 November 1997) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for club Newcastle United and the Brazil national team.
He has been married to Ana Lídia Martins Guimarães since 2022.


2008–09 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2008-09 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 5th title for Salzburg and the 2nd since the Red Bull takeover. 

Joelinton

Joelinton Cássio Apolinário de Lira (born 14 August 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or winger for Premier League club Newcastle United and the Brazil national team. 

Starting his career with Sport Recife, Joelinton joined Hoffenheim in 2015, and was loaned to Rapid Wien for two years from 2016, before joining Newcastle United in 2019, where he was converted from a striker to a midfielder under the management of Eddie Howe. He has also been capped for the Brazil under-17 national team, and made his debut for the senior team in 2023.

House of Poitiers

The House of Poitiers, or the Ramnulfids, were a French dynasty that ruled the County of Poitou and Duchy of Aquitaine from the 9th through to the 12th centuries. Some notable members of this house include: Eleanor of Aquitaine and Adelaide of Aquitaine. Later the house of Poitiers ruled the Principality of Antioch and Kingdom of Cyprus.

Igny, Essonne

Igny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Itteville

Itteville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Wallingford Castle

Wallingford Castle was a medieval castle in Wallingford, Oxfordshire. It was built in the 11th century as a motte-and-bailey design. Empress Matilda used it during the Anarchy and was where the Treaty of Wallingford was agreed. It later became a royal residence but was abandoned in the reign of Henry VIII and fell into ruin.

Janville-sur-Juine

Janville-sur-Juine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Janvry, Essonne

Janvry is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Lardy, Essonne

Lardy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Anglo-Russian Convention

The Anglo-Russian Convention/Entente of 1907 was an agreement between the United Kingdom and Russian Empire about Persia (modern-day Iran), Afghanistan, and Tibet. It was signed on August 31, 1907, in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The purpose was to resolve their rivalry in Central Asia and counter the German Empire threat of connecting Berlin to Baghdad through a new railroad.

The convention settled the dispute over Persia. Russia recognized southern Persia as part of the British sphere of influence, and Britain agreed to stay out of northern Persia. Russia also promised not to interfere in Tibet and Afghanistan, and Britain extended loans and political support in return.

The agreement clarified the boundaries and control of each country in Persia, Afghanistan, and Tibet. It established spheres of influence, respecting Britain's influence over Afghanistan and ensuring non-interference in Tibet's internal affairs. The convention played a role in the formation of the Triple Entente, a coalition between the UK, France, and Russia.

Leudeville

Leudeville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Leuville-sur-Orge

Leuville-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Limours

Limours is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Lisses

Lisses is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Longjumeau

Longjumeau is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Juvisy-sur-Orge

Juvisy-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is 18 km southeast of Paris.

Longpont-sur-Orge

Longpont-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Maisse

Maisse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Marcoussis

Marcoussis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Marolles-en-Beauce

Marolles-en-Beauce is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Marolles-en-Hurepoix

Marolles-en-Hurepoix is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mauchamps

Mauchamps is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mennecy

Mennecy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Mérévillois

Le Mérévillois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Estouches and Méréville (the seat).

Estouches

Estouches is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Mérévillois.

Méréville, Essonne

Méréville is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Mérévillois.

Courcouronnes

Courcouronnes is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Évry-Courcouronnes. In 2018, 13,490 people lived there.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

The aerospace company Arianespace is headquartered in Courcouronnes.

Dame Sue Carr

Dame Sue Carr is the first female Chief Justice of England and Wales. She is the 98th person in that role since the post was created in the 13th century.

Lipa, Batangas

Lipa is a city in the province of Batangas, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 372,931 people lived there.

Cella Monte

Cella Monte is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cereseto

Cereseto is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cerreto Grue

Cerreto Grue is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cerrina Monferrato

Cerrina Monferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Genius and Brutality - Taste and Power

Genius and Brutality... Taste and Power (also known as Genius and Brutality - Taste and Power) is the second album by Brainbombs. The album's name comes from "Pleasure and Dreams" from "Burning Hell". The album was released as a vinyl and CD by Blackjack Records in 1994. In 2011, Skrammel Records reissued an LP version of the album limited to 500 copies.

The album was recorded in "in the rehearsal room in the run-down suburb of Gottsunda."

The album was mixed by drummer Anders Bryngelsson, but the band weren't happy with it, calling it "inconsistent" and even calling it "crap." 

Coniolo

Coniolo is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Conzano

Conzano is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Costa Vescovato

Costa Vescovato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ada Dietz

Ada K. Dietz (October 7, 1888 – January 12, 1981) was an American weaver. Today she is mostly known for her 1949 monograph "Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles. In it, she" defines a method for inventing weaving patterns based on algebraic ones. Her method uses the expansion of multivariate polynomials to make a weaving scheme. Dietz' work is still well-regarded today, by both weavers and mathematicians. Along with the references listed below, Griswold (2001) cites several additional articles on her work.

Ada Dietz developed her algebraic method in 1946 while she was in Long Beach, California. As she liked weavng, Dietz used her experience as a former math teacher to make a threading pattern based on a cubic binomial expansion. She describes her idea as follows:

A piece based on the formula ("a" + "b" + "c" + "d" + "e" + "f"), submitted to the Little Loomhouse Country Fair in Louisville, Kentucky received a positive response. This prompted a collaboration between Dietz and Little Loomhouse's founder, Lou Tate. The fruits of the collaboration included the booklet "Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles" and a traveling exhibit which continued throughout the 1950s.
Diez was a high school teacher. She taught biology and mathematics. She then met Ruth E. Foster, a professional weaver with the Hewson Studios in Los Angeles. Fosters work nspired Dietz to begin studying weaving at Wayne University in Detroit. One of her teachers was Nellie Sargent Johnson. Her experiments in writing weaving drafts began in Johnson's classes.It was later when Dietz and Foster were driving north to study at the Banff School of Fine Arts in Canada that she began using mathematical equations. She wanted "a reason for writing a draft in a definite way", and went to the mathematical equations she had worked with for so long.


Cremolino

Cremolino is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

IWAS World Games

The International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports (IWAS) World Games (or IWAS World Games) are a multi-sport competition for athletes with a disability. They led to setting up the Paralympic Games. The competition has been formerly known as the World Wheelchair and Amputee Games, the World Wheelchair Games, the International Stoke Mandeville Games, the Stoke Mandeville Games, and in the 1960s and 1970s was often called the Wheelchair Olympics.

The first Games were in 1948. The neurologist Sir Ludwig Guttmann organized a sporting competition for World War II veterans with spinal cord injuries at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in Aylesbury on July 28th 1948, the same day as the Opening Ceremony of the 1948 Olympic Games in London. In 1952, the Netherlands joined in the event. This was the first international sports competition for disabled people.

The Paralympic Games,which started in 1960 now include athletes from all disability groups. The IWAS games are multi-sport events just for wheelchair athletes.

Anal Babes/Brainbombs

Anal Babes/Brainbombs is a split single from Swedish band Brainbombs and Norwegian band Anal Babes. The singles has 1 original song and 1 cover from both bands. Anal Babes covers "No Limit" by Belgian eurodance group 2 Unlimited and Brainbombs covers "That's the Way (I Like It)" by American disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. According to Jonas, the recording is an outtake from their first album. Something to know is that the version of Obey on the 7" is a earlier version and much shorter than the one found on "Obey".

San Carlos, Pangasinan

San Carlos is a city in the province of Pangasinan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 205,424 people lived there. It is the largest city in Pangasinan and the Ilocos Region by population.

The city is called the "Mango-Bamboo Capital of the Philippines".

Stoke Mandeville Hospital

Stoke Mandeville Hospital is a large National Health Service hospital in Buckinghamshire, England. It is managed by Buckinghamshire Healthcare NHS Trust. It was set up in 1830 as a cholera hospital.

It has the National Spinal Injuries Centre. This is one of the largest specialist spinal units in the world. The pioneering rehabilitation work carried out there by Sir Ludwig Guttmann led to the development of the Paralympic Games. Mandeville, one of the official mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics in London, was named in honour of the hospital's contribution to Paralympic sports.

Brooke Brinson

Brooke Ashley Wiederhorn (née Brinson; born February 21, 1986) is an American television personality. She is best known as the only daughter of Monty Brinson and Kim Richards, and for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Brooke Ashley Brinson was born in El Centro, California on February 21, 1986. She is the only child of Monty Brinson, a supermarket-franchise heir, and Kim Richards, an actress. She has three maternal half-siblings; Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. Brinson also has two paternal half-siblings.

Brinson's cousins through her aunt Kyle Richards are; Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a former lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director.

Brinson made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". She made her final appearance in 2014.

Brinson got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Thayer Wiederhorn, the son of businessman Andrew Wiederhorn, on December 25, 2013. The couple married on August 2, 2014. The couple had a second wedding to celebrate their nuptials in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on May 23, 2015. They have three children together; sons Hucksley Andrew (born September 2016) and Hunter Montgomery (born April 2019), and daughter Sawyer Brinson (born December 2022).

On February 19, 2022, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Brinson's home had been raided by federal agents in the months prior as part of a criminal probe of her father-in-law.

Macht (Brainbombs single)

Macht (also known as Macht (Gun Court Singles Series) or Macht / B.L.E.E.D) is an EP by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. It is apart of the 7" series "Gun Court Singles Series" by Wabana Ore Limited. On the EP, both songs are mono but on the Singles Collection they are stereo.

Syagrius

Syagrius (430 – 486 or 487 or 493–4) was a Roman general and the last ruler of the Kingdom of Soissons.

San Francisco District Attorney's Office

The district attorney of San Francisco is the city attorney of the local government of San Francisco, California. The district attorney carries out official duties with prosecuting crimes through the legal agency of the San Francisco District Attorney's Office.

Brooke Jenkins is the current district attorney of San Francisco, in office since July 2022.

Secondary growth

Secondary growth is a term in botany. It usually occurs in dicots and gymnosperms. It makes the stems and roots thicker. It is one of the features of trees whereby they come to have long lives.

Monocots and Pteridophytes usually lack secondary thickening, with the exception of "Isoetes". That is a quillwort, a genus of lycopods.

Ludwig Guttmann

Sir Ludwig Guttmann CBE FRS (3 July 1899 – 18 March 1980) was a German neurologist who started the Stoke Mandeville Games. That was a sporting event for people with disabilities. It developed into the Paralympic Games. He was a Jewish doctor who fled Nazi Germany just before the start of the Second World War., Guttmann was one of the first people who organized physical activities for people with disabilities.

1933, Guttmann was working in Breslau (now Wrocław, Poland) as a neurosurgeon and lecturing at the University of Breslau. in 1933 under the Nuremberg Laws he was stopped. He was sent to work at the Breslau Jewish Hospital, where he became medical director in 1937. In early 1939, Guttmann and his family left Germany because of the Nazi persecution of the Jews. He was sent to Portugal to treat a friend of the Portuguese dictator António de Oliveira Salazar. The Council for Assisting Refugee Academics helped him to move to Oxford in March 1939. He did research at the Nuffield Department of Neurosurgery in the Radcliffe Infirmary. 

In September 1943, the British government asked Guttmann to establish the National Spinal Injuries Centre at Stoke Mandeville Hospital. The Royal Air Force was worried about the treatment and rehabilitation of pilots with spine injuries. It was the first specialist unit for treating spinal injuries in the United Kingdom. Guttman was the director until 1966. He organised the first Stoke Mandeville Games for disabled war veterans, which was held at the hospital on 29 July 1948, the same day as the opening of the London Olympics. They all had spinal cord injuries and competed in wheelchairs.

In 1961, he setup the International Medical Society of Paraplegia, now the International Spinal Cord Society.

List of attorneys general of California

The California attorney general is the head of the California Department of Justice. The attorney general is also the chief law enforcement officer of the state government of the U.S. state of California.

Kiki Fatmala

Kiki Fatmala (14 August 1967 - 1 December 2023) was an Indonesian actress.
Kiki Fatmala began her career on big screen in 1988. She became popular after playing the role of Mariam in the Indosiar's soap opera titled "Mariam Si Manis Jembatan Ancol 2" in 1995.

In 2021, Kiki Fatmala recieved a diagnosis of stage 4 lung cancer, and she passed away on 1 December, 2023 due to complications related to the illness. Her final resting place was at the San Diego Hills cemetery in , West Java. She was laid to rest on 2 December, 2023.


Kidapawan

Kidapawan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Cotabato. According to the 2020 census, 160,791 people lived there. It is at the foot of Mount Apo and has many schools.

Virac, Catanduanes

Virac is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Catanduanes. According to the 2020 census, 76,520 people lived there.

Virac, Tarn

Virac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Virac

Virac can mean:

Isabela (province)

Isabela is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cagayan Valley region. The capital is Ilagan.

Kia Center

Kia Center is an multi-use arena located in Orlando, Florida that serves as the home for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association (NBA), the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL, and the Orlando Predators of the National Arena League (NAL). 

They first started to build the stadium on July 25, 2008. The arena opened on October 1, 2010 and the first event was a concert by Vicente Fernández. The Magic had their first preseason game in the arena on October 10, 2010. In the game, they defeated the New Orleans Hornets 135–81.

Amway own the naming rights for the arena. Amway also used to own naming rights for the Magic's former arena, the Amway Arena. When the new Amway Center was being built, Amway had right of first refusal fr the new arena from their last arena's contract. On August 3, 2009, Amway signed a $40-million contract to have their name on the arena. On December 20, 2023, Kia America purchased the naming rights for the arena and the arena would be renamed to the Kia Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Royal Rumble in 2016, , and 2020's SummerSlam, Payback, Clash of Champions, Hell in a Cell, and Survivor Series pay-per-views. During the COVID-19 pandemic, WWE used Amway Center as a bio-secure bubble and they called it the WWE ThunderDome. They would host episodes of "Raw", "SmackDown" and pay-per-views in the Thunderdome.

Bookmobile

A bookmobile is a mobile library. Today, it usually is a bus, that is designed like a library. Usually, these mobiles have a fixed schedule. They serve the same stops, all the time. Often, these bookmobiles stop at schools: The idea is to incite children to read books, to improve their reading skills. Usually, they also allow to pre-order certain books. The first such libraries date from the 19th century.

In 1833, the Brothers Harper started with several identical collections, that toured around the united states. The brothers also published Harper’s Weekly. Their library was called "American School Library". They started in 1839. Probably the last complete set of these books is at the National Museum of American History. 

In 1857, the monthly journal "The British Workman reported on" a library that regularly served 8 villages in Cumbria. George Moore, a merchant and philanthropist ran this library, to "serve good literature to the people in the countryside."

In 1905, there was such a library with a horse-drawn carriage in Maryland.

Quilpué

Quilpué is a city in the Valparaíso Region, Chile. It is the capital of the Marga Marga Province. It is part of the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area. According to the 2017 census, 151,708 people lived there.

The city was founded in 1898.


Rahotep

Rahotep (also spelled Re hotep) was an ancient Egyptian prince of the 4th dynasty. he was the high priest of Re in the city of Heliopolis. He is famous for his statue which was discovered by the Auguste Mariette in 1871 and is today in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. Rahotep, according to some Egyptologists, was the son of King Sneferu, others believe he was son of Huni. 
Rahotep's titles were written on a stunning statue found in Meidum in 1871. The statue, along with one of his wife Nofret, was discovered by Auguste Mariette. Rahotep held the titles of High Priest of Ra at Heliopolis, Director of Expeditions, Supervisor of Works, and “the son of the king, begotten of his body”.

His older brother was Nefermaat I, and his younger brother was Ranefer. Rahotep passed away at a young age, so his half-brother Khufu became become pharaoh after Sneferu’s death.

Rahotep’s wife was Nofret, and her parents are unknown. They had three sons – Djedi, Itu, and Neferkau – and three daughters – Mereret, Nedjemib, and Sethtet. All of them are depicted in Rahotep’s tomb.

Nofret (Princess)

Nofret (also known as Nefert or Neferet) was a noblewoman and a princess who lived in Ancient Egypt during the 4th dynasty of Egypt c. 2613 to 2494 BC. Nofert name means "beautiful". She holds the title of "King's Acquaintance" in her statue. 
Nofret's parents are not known. Nofret married Prince Rahotep, a son of Pharaoh Sneferu. She had six children with Rahotep: three daughters - Mereret, Nedjemib, and Sethtet - and three sons, Djedi, Itu, and Neferkau. They all had the same title of "King's Acquaintance".

Nofret was buried with her husband in mastaba 6 at Meidum. beautiful statues of Rahotep and Nofret were found in 1871. Nofret is depicted with a black wig and very fair face. Her titles in hieroglyphs on the back of her chair name her as "King's Acquaintance". The statues are now in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. The mastaba of the couple had two burial chambers and two cult chapels. The Southern cult chapel belonged to Rahotep, the northern one to Nofret. Here she is depicted with Rahotep in front of an offering table. The text has a second title for her: "" (translation still not known today).

In 1958 1989, and 2000, pictures of Nofret were put on Egyptian stamps. These stamps cost 20 PT. and have the number 1669. In 1966, a stamp from Fujairah also had a picture of Nofret, showing a pair statue. The watermark on the LE 20 banknote has the head of a sculpted image of Nofret.

Djedi

Djedi was an Egyptian prince who lived during the 4th dynasty of Egypt. He was a son of Prince Rahotep and Nofret and had two brothers and three sisters. He is depicted in the tomb chapels of his parents and has the title of "King's Acquaintance".

In an ancient Egyptian tale, "Khufu and the Magicians", mention a magician called Djedi or Dedi, and it is possible that this person called Dedi was inspired by the real prince Djedi, Khufu's nephew.

Anton Ondruš

Anton Ondruš (born 27 March 1950 in Solčany, Czechoslovakia) is a former Slovak football player. At home, Anton Ondruš was characterized as an excellent athlete with good athletic data, who knew how to competently organize an attack or counterattack in the game, use various combinations during the game and score penalties. For these traits he received the nickname "Slovak Beckenbauer". He is considered one of the best central defenders in Europe in the 1970s of the twentieth century. He won the UEFA Euro 1976. Regarded as one of the best football players in the history of Slovan.

A graduate of Slovan Bratislava, Anton Ondruš started as a striker, but played without much success. It was believed that due to slowness and indecisiveness, he would not be able to play in the team, but then coach Josef Vengloš transferred him to the center of defense, where Ondruš quickly became an indispensable player. As part of Slovan, he twice became the champion of Czechoslovakia, and in the 1973/74 season the team won the "golden double". For a long time, Ondruš was the captain of the Bratislava club. Part of the 1977/78 season, Anton Ondruš played in Dukla Banská Bystrica, then returned to Slovan. He played 226 matches in the Czechoslovak league, scoring 38 goals.

Since 1981, Ondruš has played in foreign clubs: Belgian Club Brugge, French Tonon, Swiss Biel. He finished his football career in 1989.

Anton Ondruš made his debut for Czechoslovakia on March 27, 1974 in a friendly match against the GDR national team in Dresden, and on September 25, during a meeting with the same opponent, Ondruš scored his first goal for the national team.

Anton Ondruš was the captain of the Czechoslovak national team at the victorious 1976 European Championship, in the semi-final match against the Netherlands he opened the scoring, then scored into his own net, but the Czechoslovaks managed to win in extra time with a score of 3:1. The final match between Czechoslovakia and Germany ended with a penalty shootout.

Ondruš, like other Czechoslovak players, converted his attempt, thus becoming one of the 9 players who took part in the first post-match penalty shootout at a major international tournament.

At the 1980 European Championship, Ondruš also played all the matches without substitutions, and the match for 3rd place against Italy on June 21 was his last in the Czechoslovak national team.

In total, Anton Ondruš played 58 matches for the national team, 30 of which as a captain, scored 9 goals.




International Paralympic Committee

The International Paralympic Committee is an international non-profit organisation. It organizes the Paralympic Games. It is the international federation for nine sports. Founded on 22 September 1989 in Düsseldorf, West Germany, its mission is to "enable Paralympic athletes to achieve sporting excellence and inspire and excite the world". It tries to create sport opportunities for all persons with a disability, from beginner to elite level.

The IPC has a democratic constitution and structure and is composed of representatives from 183 National Paralympic Committees, four international organizations of sport for the disabled and five regional organizations. The IPC's headquarters is in Bonn.

Ján Pivarník

JUDr. Ján Pivarník (born 13 November 1947) is a former Slovak football player and later a football manager. He played for Czechoslovakia, for which he played 39 matches. He won the 1976 UEFA European Championship against Franz Beckenbauer`s West Germany. He was member of the ALL STAR TEAM of 1976 UEFA European Championship and he was named as the best right defender in Europe. At his time, he was the quickest football player in the World, making 100m in 10.9 sec. He was known for his speed, tackling, man-marking, and having ability to break opponents, In his prime, he was widely considered as one of the best right-backs in Europe.

Jan Pivarnik was born in the village of Tsejkov. He started playing football only at the age of 16, and started playing football in the lower league team "Slavoj" from Trebišov in 1965. In 1966, Pivarnik moved to the club VSS from Košice, as the club promised to assist the footballer in obtaining a higher legal education at the local university. He played for the Košice club for 6 years, became the main player in the team's defense and its leader. In 1972, Jan Pivarnik became a player of Slovan Bratislava, where he continued to be one of the main players of the team. Together with the Bratislava team, Pivarnik became the champion of Czechoslovakia twice in a row in the 1973-1974 and 1974-1975 seasons, and in 1974 he also won the Czechoslovak Cup. In 1974, he also became the best player in Czechoslovakia.

In 1977, after a successful year in the national team, Jan Pivarnik received a serious injury, due to which he did not play for a long time. In 1978, he moved to Dukla Banská Bystrica, but never played a single match there. From 1979 to 1981, the already experienced defender was a playing coach at Austrian clubs Kittsee and Neusiedl am See. In 1981, Pivarník became a player of the Spanish club Cadiz, but played only 3 matches in it and finished his performances on the football fields.

In 1968, Jan Pivarnik made his debut for the Czechoslovak national team in a game with the Brazilian national team, was in its squad at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, but did not enter the field. In 1976, he was included in the national team for the 1976 UEFA European Championship. At the tournament, Pivarnik was one of the players in the first team of the Czechoslovak national team, and his reliable play helped his team win the semifinal match against the Netherlands. In the final match with the German national team, the Czechoslovak national team won in a penalty shootout and won the championship title. At this tournament, Pivarník also entered the symbolic team of the championship. Due to numerous injuries, he finished playing for the national team in 1977, playing 39 matches and scoring 1 goal.

After completing his performances on the football fields, Yaroslav Pollack began his coaching career. From 1982 to 1983 he was assistant coach of Austria Vienna and from 1983 to 1984 he was assistant coach of Sporting Lisbon. In 1985, after his first visit to the Middle East, he took charge of the club for the first time, the Al-Fahaheel team from Kuwait, with whom he won the Emir of Kuwait Cup in 1986. In 1990 he returned to Czechoslovakia, where he worked for two years as a manager in the DAK 1904 team from Dunajská Streda. From 1992 to 1993, he headed the Israeli club Hapoel Petah Tikva. In 1993-1994, Pivarnik headed the Saudi club Al-Qadisiyah (Al-Khobar), with which he won the Saudi Football Federation Cup and the Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 1995-1996, the former footballer managed the youth national team of Oman. In 1997-1998, Jan Pivarnik headed the Kuwaiti club Al-Salmiya, with which he became the champion of Kuwait, and in 1998-1999 the other Kuwaiti club Al-Arabi, with which he won the Emir of Kuwait Cup, the Al-Kurafi Cup and the Crown Prince Cup of Kuwait. From 1999 to 2000, the former Czechoslovak footballer was in charge of the Emirati club Al Jazeera. In 2000, he returned to Kuwait, where he won the Al-Kurafi Cup in the 2000–2001 season with Al-Arabi, and in 2002–2003 with Al-Kuwait won the Crown Prince Cup of Kuwait. In 2003-2004, Jan Pivarnik again headed the Saudi club Al-Qadisiyah, and in 2008 - the Kuwaiti club Al-Fahaheel, which became the last club in his coaching career, after which Pivarnik returned to Slovakia.

Slovan Bratislava
Czechoslovakia

Individual

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 9)

The ninth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here was commissioned by Network 10 in October 2022. The series premiered on 2 April 2023 and is hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown. It is the first series since 2020 to return to a live broadcast in Africa; the previous two series were pre-recorded in Australia, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This series was Brown's last as host as he announced he would be joining the Seven Network from July 2023.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 6)

The sixth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here was commissioned by Network Ten on 7 February 2019. It premiered on 5 January 2020. It was hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 5)

The fifth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here was commissioned by Network 10 on 10 September 2018. It launched on 13 January 2019 and was hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown. The series ended after 33 days on 13 February 2019 and a pre-recorded finale, won by Richard Reid, was aired on 17 February 2019.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 2)

The second season of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here", which was commissioned on 16 July 2015, premiered on Network Ten on 31 January 2016. The season was won by Brendan Fevola who received $100,000 for his charity, and gave half ($50,000) to Paul Harragon's charity.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 1)

The first season of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here" premiered on Network Ten on 1 February 2015. The season was hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown. Andrew 'Freddie' Flintoff won the season, getting crowned "King of the Jungle" on 15 March 2015.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 10)

The tenth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here will air on Network 10 in January 2024. The series will be hosted by Julia Morris and Robert Irwin (replacing Dr Chris Brown). The wildlife warrior said it will be a “wild ride” when he's in South Africa for the show's milestone 10th season. 

Behavioral modernity

Behavioral modernity is a term used by scientists who study people and where they come from. It means the behaviors and ways of thinking that make us, humans, different from other similar creatures like Neanderthals and primates.

Scientists believe that modern human behavior includes things like thinking about abstract ideas, planning for the future, using symbols (like art and decorations), making music and dancing, hunting big animals, and using advanced tools like blades. These behaviors come from our thinking and culture.

All true, but some of these things were done by earlier versions of mankind, including (for example) hunting large animals. "Homo sapiens" is only distinct in the extent to which they did all these things.

It's a Burning Hell / No Place

It's A Burning Hell / No Place is a single released by Swedish band Brainbombs. The single was released in Norway by Big Ball Records in 1992 before Burning Hell and features a different mix of It's a Burning Hell. (dubbed the "Norwegian version")

Pseudophilautus kani

The Kani bush frog or Kani brown-eared shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus kani") is a frog. It lives in India, in the Western Ghat mountains and Tamil mountains.

Olipop

Olipop, Inc. is an American soft drink company. It is sold in over 25,000 stores in the United States and had a revenue of $100 million for the first half of 2023. It was branded as a healthier alternative to regular soft drinks.
Olipop was founded in 2018 by Ben Goodwin and David Lester. The drink was first released in three flavours: ginger lemon, strawberry vanilla and cinnamon cola. It sold in 40 grocery stores in its first year, in Northern California, and reached $852,000 in gross revenue. They later became on sale in Target and Walmart stores. The company gathered $2.5 million in seed funding in 2019.

A series B funding round in 2022 raised $39.7 million. Olipop reached $73.4 million in gross revenue in 2022, $100 million in the first half of 2023.

Captain Britain

Captain Britain (real name Dr. Brian Braddock) is a fictional character, superhero and the defender of Britain in the Marvel Comics universe, and is in many ways the British equivalent of Captain America. However the two characters are very different in origins and ultimate place in the world - with Captain Britain being only one of many such defenders of Britain chosen via a mystical intervention of sorts by Merlyn and his daughter Roma.

Captain Britain is devoted to upholding the laws and customs of Britain and defends it against all threats, at first he fought villains of an earthly nature but as the series progressed he would start to fight much more powerful otherworldly threats such as Jim Jaspers. He is also the brother to Elizabeth "Betsy" Braddock, also known as "Psylocke", who is currently holding the name of Captain Britain while Brian is currently "Captain Avalon".

He was created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe, and first appeared in "Captain Britain # 1" in October of 1976.

Death march

A death march is a forced march of prisoners of war or other captives or deportees in which people are left to die along the way. It is distinguished from simple prisoner transport via foot march.

Pseudophilautus schneideri

Pseudophilautus schneideri is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in only a few places: Kudawa, Pituwela, and Kanneliya. People have seen it between 1100 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 19.9 – 22.8 mm mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 20.7 mm long. The skin on the top of the frog's head is light brown and the skin on the sides of the frog's head is darker brown. The skin near the eardrum and between the eyes is black in color. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color with black spots and dark brown spots. The sides of the body are light brown with dark brown spots. The area near where the legs meet the body is yellow-brown with dark brown spots. The sides of the legs are light brown with dark brown spots. All toes are light yellow-brown with some dark brown. The belly, chest, and front of the neck are pale brown in color.

Scientists named this frog after amphibian scientist Christopher J. Schneider, of Boston University.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Anne Frank (Brainbombs single)

Anne Frank is a single released by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs in 1990 by Big Brothel Records. With the songs, the record also features a blank B-side. Anne Frank's lyrical content is very dark. As it talks about killing, raping and mutilating her. The song is also sung by Jonas rather than Peter, because "he [Peter] was so badly hung over he couldn't make it."

Carol Danvers

Captain Marvel (real name Carol Susan Jane Danvers, and Kree name Car-Ell), previously known as Ms. Marvel, is a fictional character and super heroine from the Marvel Comics and universe, appearing as the main protagonist of the titular comics, and a major character in "The Avengers" and "A-Force" comics.

She is a human and Kree hybrid who became a pilot for the United States Air Force, and became a superheroine after unlocking her powers from the Psyche-Magnitron. During her heroic career, she has donned the nicknames Binary and Warbird, as well as Captain Marvel; and she later became a member of the Avengers and prominent ally of the X-Men.

She was created by Roy Thomas and Gene Colan, and first appeared in "Marvel Super-Heroes #13" in March of 1968.

The character is played by actress Brie Larson in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "Captain Marvel", "" (both 2019), "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021), and "The Marvels" (2023). Mckenna Grace portrayed a young Carol in "Captain Marvel". Alexandra Daniels voices alternate reality versions of the character in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?" (2021).

Live Action at ROCK ALL, Oslo

Live Action at ROCK ALL, Oslo is a live EP by Brainbombs. It was released in 1994 by Big Ball Records in Norway, then re-released on the "Singles Compilation" in 1999. The performance has Jonas, the guitarist, on vocals rather than their usual vocalist, Peter. The band also had to get recording engineer, Birger Thorburn to play as a backup guitarist as Jonas could not sing and play at the same time. The band plays each song faster in tempo than their studio versions, except for Stacy, which is an unreleased song. According to Jonas, there were around 54 people in attendance. Jonas has also said this is not the full concert, as "David" for Big Ball Records said some songs were "too muffled."

From the two concerts, songs "Urge to Kill", "Danny Was a Streetwhore", "Stacy" (different version) and "Tired and Bloody" were later released on the 2007 compilation, Brainbombs.







Barron Hilton II

Barron Nicholas Hilton II (born November 7, 1989) is an American writer, producer, director, and actor. He is best known as the son of Richard Hilton and Kathy Hilton.

Barron Nicholas Hilton II was born in New York City, New York on November 7, 1989, as the third of four children to Richard Hilton, a businessman, and Kathy Hilton, a socialite. His siblings are; Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton and Conrad Hilton III. His cousins through his aunt Kim Richards are; Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. Hilton's cousins through his aunt Kyle Richards are; Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. His maternal grandmother was casting director Kathleen Avanzino. He was named after his paternal grandfather Barron Hilton.

Hilton graduated from Loyola Marymount University in 2015.

Hilton wrote, producer and director the 2015 short film "En Passant".

Hilton was charged with a DUI and being an unlicensed driver in March 2008. In July 2011, he was ordered by a Los Angeles Superior Court jury to pay US$4.9 million to a gas station attendant he hit with his car during the 2008 incident.

Hilton met Tessa von Walderdorff, a member of the Walderdorff family, at a restaurant in Saint Barthélemy in 2016, and began dating shortly after. Hilton proposed in Central Park on September 17, 2017. The couple announced their engagement via Instagram later that month. Hilton and Walderdorff were married in Gustavia; first in a civil ceremony at the town hall on June 1, 2018 and then in a religious ceremony at St. Bartholomew's Anglican Church on June 3. After the ceremony they had a reception at the Villa La Plage.

Walderdorff announced that she was pregnant with the couples first child in September 2019. Walderdorff gave birth to a daughter, Milou Alizée Hilton, on March 11, 2020; Walderdorff announced that she was pregnant with the couples second child in February 2022. Walderdorff gave birth to a son, Caspian Barron Hilton, on September 4, 2022. Walderdorff announced that she was pregnant with the couples third child in September 2023.

The Animal Song

"The Animal Song" is a 1999 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the leading single from their second studio album "Affirmation" and was taken from the 1999 movie "The Other Sister". It went to number 18 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 19 in the United States and Ireland, number 3 in New Zealand, Sweden and Australia, number 23 in Iceland, number 5 in Canada, number 12 in Norway and number 48 in the Netherlands.

CD single

CD and cassette single

CD1

CD2

Cassette single
CD1

CD2

CD single

Noni Salma

Noni Salma is a Nigerian transgender movie-maker and screenwriter whose growing up experiences in Lagos, Nigeria has inspired her storytelling. Her works are largely Women and Queer led dramas and comedies. She centers them in her writing in ways that are fresh, inspiring and kicking. Her slice-of-life feature drama screenplay, Raison D'etre is a ScreenCraft Screenwriting Fellowship 2021 Finalist and her comedy pilot, Badass is a ScreenCraft Comedy Competition 2021 semifinalist and on the GLAAD list 2022.

She is also a Stowe Story Labs Fellowships finalist. Noni Salma currently lives in New York.

James Brown (internet personality)

James Chukwueze Obialor, popularly known as WF James Brown, is a Nigerian internet personality, dancer, and who was noted in 2018 following a viral video in which he said the phrase "They didn’t caught me" following an arrest by the police. He was arrested alongside 46 others for being allegedly gay and spent a month at the . The case against them was later dismissed by a court.

Kaseya Center

Kaseya Center is an multi-use arena located in Miami, Florida that serves as the home for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Miami Sol of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2000 until 2002.

They first started to build the stadium on February 6, 1998. The arena opened on December 31, 1999 and the first event was a concert by Gloria Estefan. The Heat had their first preseason game in the arena on January 2, 2000. In the game, they defeated the Orlando Magic 135–103.

When the arena first opened on December 31, 1999, American Airlines owned the naming rights for the arena and the arena was named American Airline Arena. American Airlines would own naming rights from the opening of the arena until they made an announcement on September 10, 2019 that they wouldn't be renewing their deal. On March 26, 2022, a cryptocurrency exchange company called FTX announced that they were buying the name rights for the arena for $135 million and the arena would be renamed FTX Arena. On November 11, 2022, FTX would go bankrupt. The arena name was terminated on January 11, 2023. The arena would be renamed Miami-Dade Arena until another sponsor was chosen for it.

World Championship Wrestling (WCW) would hold their Uncensored at the arena in 2000. WWE has also hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Royal Rumble in 2006, Survivor Series in 2007 and 2010, and Hell in a Cell in 2013.

Baatarkhuyagiin Otgonbold

Baatarkhuyagiin Otgonbold (born 20 December 1996) is a Mongolian archer. Otgonbold competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Fola Francis

Fola Francis is a Nigerian transgender model, LGBTQIA+ activist and entrepreneur. In 2022, she became the first Nigerian transperson to walk the Lagos Fashion Week for Cute-Saint and Fruché.

Sambuugiin Oyuuntsetseg

Sambuugiin Oyuuntsetseg (born 15 December 1964) is a Mongolian archer. Oyuuntsetseg competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Suvd Tuul

Suvdyn Tuul (born 17 September 1970) is a Mongolian archer. Tuul competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Bishindeegiin Urantungalag

Bishindeegiin Urantungalag (born 24 February 1977) is a Mongolian archer. Urantungalag competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Nay Myo Aung

Nay Myo Aung (born 19 July 1986) is an archer from Myanmar. Myo Aung competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

San Yu Htwe

San Yu Htwe (born 14 October 1986) is a Burmese archer. Yu Htwe competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

White Brazilians

White Brazilians refers to Brazilian citizens who are considered or self-identify as "white", typically because of European or Levantine descent.

Thi Thi Win

Thi Thi Win (born 23 July 1971) is an archer from Myanmar. Thi Win competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

French Kissin (song)

"French Kissin" is a 1986 song by Deborah Harry and is the leading single from her second studio album "Rockbird". It went to the top 10 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, South Africa, Ireland, Australia and went to number 57 in the United States and number 95 in Canada.

7-inch single

US 12-inch single

UK and Australasian 12-inch single

Australasian cassette single

List of ecologists from Europe

This is a list of noted ecologist from Europe.







Step by Step (New Kids on the Block song)

"Step by Step" is a 1990 song by New Kids on the Block and is the title track to their 1990 album "Step by Step". It was originally recorded by Maurice Starr's other group The Superiors and released as a single in 1987 by Motown Records and was not successful. It was covered by New Kids on the Block and topped the charts in the United States, Spain and Canada, number 2 in the United Kingdom and Greece and number 3 in Norway and New Zealand.




Sheikh Hussein

Sheikh Hussein is a town in southeastern Ethiopia. The famous shrine of the 13th century Muslim Sheikh Hussein, one of the holiest sites in Ethiopia, is here. 

Sheikh Hussein is a tentative UNESCO World Heritage site since 2011 due to its religious, cultural, and historical significance.

In December 2007, SATCON Construction, an Ethiopian-owned company, completed a four-year project to build a 170-kilometer road connecting Sheikh Hussein to Micheta town in West Hararghe Zone. This road was opened on December 19, 2007.

The town, Sheikh Hussein, got its name from a sacred place in Ethiopia. It is known for the tomb of Sheikh Hussein, a 13th-century Somali saint. He brought Islam to the Sidamo people in the area. Sheikh Hussein established the Sultanate of Bale. Pilgrims, around 50,000 Muslim Ethiopians, visit the town twice a year to honor his birth and death. They carry small sticks, "Oulle Sheikh Hussein," and crawl through a small doorway to enter the saint's tomb.
The religious complex dedicated to Sheikh Hussein includes the town and the nearby valley of Kachamsare. In the 18th century, Emir Abd al-Shakur ibn Yusuf of Harar built a shrine to the Baghdadi saint Abd al-Qadir al-Jilani near Sheikh Hussein's tomb. The complex has landmarks like the Dinkiro pond, associated with a miraculous spring, and two wild fig trees called kiltu. There are also caves and rock formations with unique names, such as the "cave of serpents," "cave of herbs," and "cave of honey".

Disappearance of Pauline Picard

Pauline Picard (Born on 1919 or 1920presumed body was discovered on or 25 or 26 May 1922) was a missing Breton girl who was a toddler at the time of her disappearance.

Pauline Picard had disappeared when outside of her family's house on 6 April 1922, at the age of 2, in the village of Goas-al-Ludu, Saint Rivoal, Brittany. 

Pauline's fate is rather disputed. The question whether the deceased body of a child found after Pauline's disappearance is truly Pauline Picard's or not, is disputed.

Leave the Pieces

"Leave the Pieces" is the first single by American country music duo The Wreckers.

A music video was released in March 30, 2006, directed by Trey Fanjoy.

Miss Me Blind

"Miss Me Blind" is a 1984 song by English new wave band Culture Club and fourth single from their second studio album "Colour by Numbers". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 6 in Canada and number 26 in Australia.

7"
A. "Miss Me Blind" – 4:28
B. "Colour by Numbers" (non-album track) – 3:57
"(Released at least in the USA, Canada, Australia, France, Italy, and Japan)"
A. "Miss Me Blind" – 4:28
B. "Victims" – 4:56
"(Released in Mexico)"
A. "Miss Me Blind" – 4:31
B. "Boy, Boy (I'm the Boy)" – 3:46
"(Released in Brazil)"
12"
A. "Miss Me Blind/It's a Miracle" (Extended Dance Remix) – 9:08
B. "Colour by Numbers" – 3:57
"(Released in the USA and Canada)"
A. "It's a Miracle/Miss Me Blind" (US Remix) – 9:08
B1. "Love Twist" – 4:23
B2. "Melting Pot" (live) – 4:30
"(Released in France)"

Santa Monica (Savage Garden song)

"Santa Monica" is a 1998 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the seventh single from their 1997 self-titled debut studio album. It was released on 21 November 1998 as a single in Japan.


Cowboy Take Me Away

"Cowboy Take Me Away" is a 1999 song by The Chicks and is the second single from their fifth studio album "Fly". It went to number 27 in the United States and topped the country single charts in the United States and Canada.

Spectrum Center

Spectrum Center is an multi-use arena located in Charlotte, North Carolina that serves as the home for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Charlotte Checkers of the ECHL from 2005 until 2010, the Charlotte Sting of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) in 2006, and the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League (AHL) from 2010 until 2015.

They first started to build the stadium on July 29, 2003. The arena opened on October 21, 2005 and the first event was a sold-out concert by The Rolling Stones. The Bobcats had their first game in the arena on November 5, 2005. In the game, they defeated the Boston Celtics 107–105 in overtime.

When the arena first opened on October 21, 2005, the arena didn't have a sponsor and was named Charlotte Bobcats Arena after the team. The name of the arena would change to Time Warner Cable Arena when Time Warner Cable was bought by Charter Communications and they then bought the naming rights for the arena on April 8, 2008. On August 17, 2016, it was announced that the arena would be renamed the Spectrum Center after the naming rights were bought by Spectrum.

WWE has also hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Vengeance in 2006, Clash of Champions in 2019 and NXT Vengeance Day in 2023.

Conrad Hilton III

Conrad Hughes Hilton III (born March 3, 1994) is an American socialite. He is best known as the son of Richard Hilton and Kathy Hilton.

Conrad Hughes Hilton II was born in New York City, New York on March 3, 1994, as the youngest of four children to Richard Hilton, a businessman, and Kathy Hilton, a socialite. His elder siblings are; Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton and Barron Hilton II. His cousins through his aunt Kim Richards are; Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. Hilton's cousins through his aunt Kyle Richards are; Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. His maternal grandmother was casting director Kathleen Avanzino. He was named after his great-great grandfather Conrad Hilton.

Hilton was admitted to Desert Regional Medical Center with "major injuries" in August 2014, after he crashed his 2013 BMW on Interstate 10 when he tried to switch lanes while traveling at 200 mph.

Hilton caused a 10-hour long disruption on the British Airways trans-Atlantic flight 269 from London to Los Angeles on July 31, 2015.

Hilton was sentenced to two months in prison on June 4, 2016, after he admitted to using drugs in violation of his parole stemming from a 2015 arrest.

Hilton was ordered to attend rehab in 2016, after violating his probation by failing drug tests and leaving California without getting permission from his probation officer.

Hilton was arrested in May 2017, when he tried to break into the Hollywood Hills home of his ex-girlfriend, actress E.G. Daily. Hilton violated a restraining order Daily's daughter and Hilton's ex-girlfriend, Hunter Daily Salomon, had against him. Hilton had broken into her home once before in June 2015. Hilton also went to Daily's father Rick Salomon's home and stole his Bentley.

Cold Case (Brainbombs album)

Cold Case is the ninth album made by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. It was released on LP by Skrammel Records alongside a red translucent version. Skrammel Records also uploaded a video on their YouTube channel of the song "In Pain" in December of 2019. Daniel de Jongh for Discipline Magazine rated the album 15/20 in their "Top 20 Albums of 2020".

Affinity (movie)

Affinity is a 2008 British Romanian Canadian romantic drama movie directed by Tim Fywell and was based on the 1999 novel of the same name by Sarah Waters. It stars Zoë Tapper, Mary Jo Randle, Anna Madeley, Amanda Plummer, Anne Reid, Anna Massey, Domini Blythe, Sara Lloyd-Gregory, Nikolas Grace, Caroline Loncq and Alan Westaway.


Friederike Otto

Friederike (Fredi) Elly Luise Otto (born 29 August 1982 in Kiel) is a climatologist. She works at the Grantham Institute for Climate Change and the Environment at Imperial College London. Her research is about whether and how much extreme weather conditions change as a result of external climate drivers. She examines how much human-caused climate change as well as vulnerability and exposure are responsible for events such heat waves, droughts and floods. Together with climate scientist Geert Jan van Oldenborgh she founded the international project World Weather Attribution which she still leads.  In 2021, she was one of the "Time" 100, "Time"'s annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world. She was also one of ten scientists who had had important roles in scientific developments in 2021 highlighted in the scientific journal "Nature".

Her work has been used in court against major oil companies and McKinsey & Company, claiming damages for climate events.

Live at Kafé Hærverk (Brainbombs album)

Live at Kafé Hærverk is a live album by Swedish band Brainbombs. It was recorded at Kafé Hærverk on the 27th of May, 2022 and released on the 6th of October, 2023. Brainbombs has performed at Kafé Hærverk a total of 4 times.

Here with Me (Dido song)

"Here with Me" is the debut single by English singer Dido and is the leading single from her debut studio album "No Angel". It was used as the theme song to the hit series "Roswell". It was a top five single in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Scotland, Portugal, Spain, Austria, Belgium, Ireland, Hungary, France, Norway and Switzerland.

UK, Australian, and New Zealand CD single

UK cassette single and European CD single

US DVD single

Japanese maxi-CD single

Delta Center

Delta Center is an multi-use arena located in Salt Lake City, Utah that serves as the home for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Utah Starzz of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 1997 until 2002.

They first started to build the stadium on May 22, 1990. The arena opened on October 9, 1991 and the first event was a concert by Oingo Boingo. The Jazz had their first pre-season game in the arena on October 24, 1991. In the game, they were defeated by the New York Knicks 101–95.

When the arena first opened on October 21, 2005, the arena's naming rights were owned by Delta Air Lines and the arena was named the Delta Center. During the Olympics, the arena would be temporarily renamed as Salt Lake Ice Center. Delta decided not to renew their license and the naming rights were bought by EnergySolutions on September 30, 2006 and the arena was renamed EnergySolutions Arena. The name lasted until October 26, 2015 when naming rights were bought by home security provider Vivint. The arena was renamed Vivint Smart Home Arena, and later just Vivint Arena in 2020. The naming rights were bought back by Delta Air Lines on January 14, 2023 and they renamed the arena back to its original name, the Delta Center.

When the 2002 Winter Olympics, the Delta Center would be temporarily renamed the Salt Lake Ice Center and would be the host of figure skating and short-track speed skating events.

The National Hockey League (NHL) have hosted their Frozen Fury preseason games at the arena since 2021.

McKinsey &amp; Company

McKinsey & Company is a worldwide management consulting firm. It was started in 1926 by University of Chicago professor James O. McKinsey. It sells professional services to corporations, governments, and other organizations. McKinsey is the oldest and largest of the "Big Three" management consultancies.

Eric Bloodaxe

Eric Haraldsson (fl. c.930−954), nicknamed Bloodaxe and Brother-Slayer (Latin: fratrum interfector), was a Norwegian king. He ruled as King of Norway, after his father Harald Fairhair, from 932 to 934 and was King of Northumbria twice from 947 to 948 and 952 to 954.

Bavanat

Bavanat (, also Romanized as Bavanat; formerly, Bavanat (, also Romanized as Bavānāt and Bavānāt) is a city and capital of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.
In 2001, the name of Surian city was changed to Bavanat and now the center of Bavanat city is called Bavanat city.

Moda Center

Moda Center is an multi-use arena located in Portland, Oregon that serves as the home for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL) from 1995 until 2021 and the Portland Fire of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2000 until 2002.

They first started to build the stadium on July 12, 1993. The arena opened on October 12, 1995 and the first event was a concert by David Bowie opened by Nine Inch Nails on October 25. The Trail Blazers had their first game in the arena on November 3, 1995. In the game, they were defeated by the Vancouver Grizzlies 92–80.

When the arena first opened on October 12, 1995, the arena didn't have a sponsor and the arena was named the Rose Garden. The name was chosen because of Portland's nickname being the Rose City. In 2004, the arena was filed for bankruptcy and the ownership of the arena moved from Paul Allen to many different creditors. When the creditors owned the arena for two years, the arena and the Trail Blazers were put up for sale during the spring of 2006. It would later be pulled from the market. On August 13, 2013, Moda Health purchased the naming rights for the arena and renamed it to the Moda Center.

WWE has also hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including Unforgiven in 2004, No Mercy in 2008 and in 2020.

Dido

Dido or DIDO may refer to:


Hertford Castle

Hertford Castle was a castle built by the Normans next to the River Lee in Hertford. Most of the castle's buildings have been demolished, the Tudor gatehouse being the largest surviving part.

Chase Center

Chase Center is a multi-use arena located in San Francisco, California that serves as the home for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

They first started to build the stadium on January 17, 2017. The arena opened on September 6, 2019 and the first event was a concert by Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony. The Warriors had their first preseason game in the arena on October 5, 2019. In the game, they were defeated by the Los Angeles Lakers 123–101.

On January 28, 2016, JPMorgan Chase announced that they had purchased the naming rights for the arena for when it was completed in 2019.

On October 17, 2021, a fan died and others were injured during a Phish concert at the arena. Fans said they were worried about the safety of the barriers. The San Francisco Department of Building Inspection investigated but said that the building met the city codes.

WWE has also episodes of their weekly television shows "Raw" and "SmackDown" at the arena. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) hosted their Revolution pay-per-view at the arena on March 5, 2023.

Church of St. John the Baptist, Cirencester

The Church of St. John Baptist, Cirencester is a parish church in Cirencester built in the 12th century.
Official website

International Blind Sports Federation

The International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) is a non-profit organisation started in 1981 in Paris, France. It is now in Bonn. It used to be known as the International Blind Sports Association. It promotes the full integration of blind and partially-sighted people in society through sport and encourages them to take up and practise sports. It is a full and founding member of the International Paralympic Committee.

It is the international federation for several sports for people with a visual impairment, including three Paralympic sports (blind football, goalball and judo), powerlifting, ten-pin bowling, nine-pin bowling, torball, and showdown. 

List of United States senators from Alaska

Alaska was made a state on January 3, 1959. Alaska's United States Senate seats are in class 2 and class 3. The state's current senators are Republicans Lisa Murkowski (serving since 2002) and Dan Sullivan (serving since 2015). A total of eight people have represented Alaska in the U.S. Senate. Ted Stevens was Alaska's longest serving U.S. Senator, serving from 1968 to 2009.

! rowspan=5 | 1
! rowspan=7 |1

! rowspan=23 | 2

! rowspan=6 | 2

! rowspan=11 | 3

! rowspan=14 | 4

! rowspan=3 | 3

! rowspan=6 | 4

"They Shall Have Stars", the first book in science fiction writer James Blish's "Cities in Flight" series, was published in 1950 and is set in a fictional 2013. A major character is Alaska Senator Bliss Wagoner, leader of the Joint Congressional Committee on Space Flight, who is a big role in Humanity's spread into space. At the time of when the book was being written, Alaska was not yet a state and had no senators, but Blish correctly thought that this would be by at least 2013.



List of United States representatives from Alaska

This list is an listed by number list of members of the United States House of Representatives from Alaska's at-large congressional district, making it from the state of Alaska. For by time tables of members of both houses of the United States Congress from the state (through the present day), look at the page United States congressional delegations from Alaska. The list of names should be complete (as of January 3, 2015), but other data may be not complete. It includes members who have represented both the state and the territory, both past and present.

There is only one district, making there only be one member:



Engleside

Engleside hotel is in Livingston County, New York. It is still in use today. 

Charles Vansant bled to death after being attacked by a shark in 1916.

Jean-Pierre-André Amar

Jean-Pierre-André Amar or Jean-Baptiste-André Amar (May 11, 1755 – December 21, 1816) was a French political figure of the Revolution and Freemason.

Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet

Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet (2 May 1746 in Bernay, Eure – 17 February 1825 in Paris) was a French politician of the Revolutionary period. His brother, Robert Thomas Lindet, became a constitutional bishop and member of the National Convention.

Nigel Ng

Nigel Ng (born March 15, 1991) is a Malay-Chinese comedian and YouTuber. He is well known for creating the character Uncle Roger who is a food critic.

Christ Air

A skateboarding trick where one is in the air, puts their board into one hand, and straightens out their body as to look like Jesus Christ on the cross.

Steven Bartlett (businessman)

Steven Cliff Bartlett (born 26 August 1992) is a British-Nigerian entrepreneur and podcaster. He is the founder of Thirdweb, Flight Story and Flight Story Fund. In 2019, he began appearing as an investor on the BBC One show "Dragons' Den." He also runs "The Diary of a CEO" podcast. In 2023, according to Spotify Wrapped, it was ranked in the top 10 most popular podcasts globally.

In 2013, Bartlett founded Wallpark, an online messaging board. In 2014, Bartlett co-founded Social Chain, a social media marketing company based in Manchester, UK, with Dominic McGregor. In 2017, he created a podcast series called "The Diary of a CEO," which has featured guests including Liam Payne and Tom Blomfield.

Tour de Nesle affair

The Tour de Nesle affair was a scandal in the French royal family in 1314, where Margaret, Blanche, and Joan, the daughters-in-law of King Philip IV of France, were accused of adultery.

Grand Union Flag

The Grand Union Flag was the flag for the United States of America when it was still controlled by Britain with the 13 colonies. It is the first flag of the States. It contained 7 red stripes and 6 white stripes with the Union Jack in the top-left corner.

Sigmar Polke

Sigmar Polke (13 February 1941 – 10 June 2010) was a German painter and photographer. He used many styles, subject matters and materials in his career. In the 1970s, he focus on photography, before coming back to painting in the 1980s. In the last 20 years of his life, he made paintings based on historical events and how he view them.

Joseph Ruggles Wilson

Joseph Ruggles Wilson Sr. (February 28, 1822 – January 21, 1903) was a known Presbyterian theologian (person who studies religon) and father of President Woodrow Wilson. In 1861, as pastor of First Presbyterian Church in Augusta, Georgia, he started the General Assembly of the newly formed Presbyterian Church in the United States, known as the Southern Presbyterian Church, and was its clerk (chief executive officer) for thirty-seven years.

Hor-Aha

Hor Aha, also known as Horus-Aha, is thought to be the second pharaoh of the First Dynasty of Egypt by some Egyptologists. However, there are others who believe that he was actually the first pharaoh and is the same person as Menes. He lived around the 31st century BC and is believed to have ruled for a long time.

Hor-Aha is generally thought to be son of Neith-hotep and Narmer. His main wife was Benerib. He also had another wife called khenthap who was the mother of his son Djer.

The name Hor aha comes from Horus-name, which is linked to the god Horus. It means Horus the Fighter. In Manetho’s Aegyptiaca (History of Egypt), his Greek name is Athothis or “Athotís”. During the Early Dynastic Period, pharaohs were referred to by their Horus-names in the archaeological record. However, historical records like the Turin and Abydos king lists used a different royal title called the nebty-name. The different parts of a pharaoh’s name were sometimes used separately for brevity, depending on the situation and time period.Egyptologists agree with Flinders Petrie’s findings that connect Hor-Aha with the nebty-name Ity.

There has been debate about Hor-Aha. Some people think he’s the same person as Menes, who united all of Egypt. Others say he’s the son of Narmer, who united Egypt.Some historians believe Narmer and Menes might have been the same pharaoh, but with different names. Regardless, most historical evidence suggests Narmer was the first pharaoh to unify Egypt, and that Hor-Aha was his son. 
Hor-Aha is considered the second pharaoh of the first dynasty. Before him, Narmer had brought together Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt into one kingdom. Hor-Aha likely became king around 3100 BC.
Hor-Aha is known to have done many religious activities. He visited a temple of the goddess Neith. This temple was in the northwest of the Nile Delta, in a place called Sais. He also found a special boat called the Henu-barque, which was important to the god Seker.

The ancient Egyptians wrote things on boats, boxes, and clay to keep track of what they had. They also put labels and pictures on things to show who owned them. Some of these labels and pictures were found in the tomb of a queen named Neithhotep and king Hor-Aha. These labels and pictures show that Neithhotep may have died during Hor-Aha's time as king. Hor-Aha buried her in a big tomb that was discovered by a man named Jacques de Morgan. Some people think that Neithhotep was Hor-Aha's mother. This would mean that she came from a place called Naqada, which was important in the past. This would also mean that Hor-Aha married a woman from Naqada to help him control that area. But in 2016, some new evidence was found that shows Neithhotep was actually a queen during the time of another king named Djer, who came after Hor-Aha. So the evidence from the tombs only proves that Neithhotep lived during Hor-Aha's time and maybe for a little while after that. The most important thing about all of this is that there is now an old tomb at Saqqara, which is near Memphis. This tomb belonged to someone who worked for Hor-Aha, and it shows how important Memphis was becoming during his time as king.
Hor-Aha was a long time ago, and not many things from his time are left today. But some things that were made during his rule show how skilled the people were. These things include copper axe heads that are very nicely made, pieces of a special kind of glass called faience, small boxes made of ivory, and white stones with writings on them. All of these things show that craftsmen were doing excellent work during Hor-Aha's time as a ruler.
The Egyptian priest Manetho, who lived over 2,600 years after Hor-Aha, wrote that Hor-Aha built a palace in the city of Memphis and was also a very skilled doctor who wrote many books about how the human body works.
The tomb of Hor-Aha is situated in a place called Umm el-Qa'ab, which is where the ancient Egyptian kings from the first dynasty were buried. It has three big rooms called B10, B15, and B19, which are right next to the tomb of Narmer's. These rooms are dug directly into the ground and have walls made of mud bricks. 

One unique feature of Hor-Aha's tomb is that some people from the royal household were buried with him. It's not clear whether they were killed or committed suicide. Some of these people were servants, dwarfs, women, and even dogs. As a symbol of royalty, Hor-Aha was also given a group of young lions.

Automatic (Pointer Sisters song)

"Automatic" is a 1983 song by The Pointer Sisters and was taken from their 10th studio album "Break Out". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 1 in Ireland, number 15 in Australia, number 17 in Canada and number 8 in New Zealand. It was covered by Ultra Naté in 2007.

Baketmut

Baketmut (Ancient Egyptian: "b3k.t-mwt", "Handmaid of Mut") was an ancient Egyptian princess of the Nineteenth Dynasty. She was the second daughter of Pharaoh Ramesses II.

Her statue stands at the feet of one of her father's statues at the Great Temple of Abu Simbel. She is depicted as an adult, with an uraeus on her head. She is also depicted inside the temple, She appears as the second daughter after Bintanath. It has been proposed that her mother was Queen Nefertari, but it's not confirmed. She is not shown at the Small Temple of Abu Simbel, which was built for Nefertari and has statues of princes and princesses who are likely to have been her children.

Her tomb is not known.

QV68

QV68 is the tomb of Meritamen, the daughter and Great Wife of Ramesses II, in Egypt's Valley of the Queens. It was mentioned by Champollion and Lepsius, and later excavated by Ernesto Schiaparelli (the director of the Egyptian Museum in Turin).

Lepsius gives a short description of this tomb. In his list this is tomb number 12.

The main room has many pictures of gods and goddesses.Meritamen, is shown talking to four of them: Neith, Thoth, Ra-Harakhti, and Hathor. Meritamen is also shown bringing a special box to Hathor and Osiris. 

Meritamen was was buried in a special red stone coffin. The coffin is now in Berlin Museum. The inscriptions identify her as The [King's Daughter], Great [Royal Wife], Lady of Both Lands, Merytamen, justified, and as The Osiris, King's Daughter beloved of him, Great Royal Wife, Lady of Both Lands, Merytamen, justified.


Lazare Carnot

Lazare Nicolas Marguerite Carnot ( 13 May 1753 – 2 August 1823) was a French mathematician, physicist, military officer, politician and a leading member of the Committee of Public Safety during the French Revolution.

Claude Antoine, comte Prieur-Duvernois

Claude Antoine, comte Prieur-Duvernois (1763–1832), commonly known as Prieur de la Côte-d'Or after his native département, was a French engineer and a politician during and after the French Revolution.

Grand Theft Auto VI

Grand Theft Auto VI is an upcoming video game. It will be published by Rockstar Games and developed by Rockstar Studios. It will be the eighth main game in the "Grand Theft Auto" series.

In July 2022, it was reported that the main characters of "Grand Theft Auto VI" would be both a man and a woman named Lucia, with their characters being influenced by criminal duo Bonnie and Clyde. It was also revealed that the game will take place in Vice City.

On September 18, 2022, a leak was released and was later confirmed to be real by Rockstar. In the leak, there were 90 videos posted which showed footage of the game in a work-in-progress state. A 17-year-old from Oxfordshire who is believed to have posted the leak under the username "teapotuberhacker" was arrested on 22 September. A judge would sentence him to an indefinite hospital order since he said that he would still do cybercrime if he was released.

On December 4, 2023, Rockstar released an official trailer for the game and revealed that the release date is expected to be in 2025.

Philippe Pinel

Philippe Pinel was a French doctor who is known as the father of Psychiatry.

Pinel was born in Southern France in 1745. He studied at the University of Toulouse before becoming a doctor in in 1778. He then moved to Paris and spent the next fifteen years working as a translator. In 1784, he started editing La Gazette de Santé, a magazine about medicine. Then a friend of his killed himself so Pinel wanted to understand Madness. He got a job at a Mental hospital where he worked for five years. After the French Revolution, he was put in charge of the Bicetre Hospital

Pinel wanted to help the 200 patients who were insane so he talked to his boss Jean-Baptiste Pussin. Together they came up with ways to treat mental illness that didn’t use violence and which was based mostly on therapy. At the time, the mentally ill were chained to the walls but Pinel and Pussin got rid of the chains. He also made sure to talk to every patient to understand their history and what their problems were. 

Pinel said there were four different kinds of madness. The first was called melancholia which Pinel said meant either Narcissism or Depression. The second was called Madness without Delirium. Pinel said that meant that a person who looked and acted like a completely normal person who was sane would still do very violent things without any remorse. (This would later be renamed Psychopathy.) The third was Dementia which Pinel said not being able to get new memories. The fourth was called Idiotism, it meant not being able to think and usually also being bad at speaking and feeling very strong emotions completely randomly. 

Pinel made the idea that Madness was actually Mental illness and people with it needed help and compassion a popular idea. Michel Foucault hated Pinel and thought that Pinel made things worse. 
Thin Thin Khaing

Thin Thin Khaing (born 4 May 1978) is an archer from Burma. Thin Khaing competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Jit Bahadur Muktan

Jitbahadur Moktan (born 31 August 1979) is a Nepalese archer. Bahadur Muktan competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Wietse van Alten

Wietse Cornelis van Alten (born 24 September 1978) is an archer from the Netherlands. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Sjef van den Berg

Sjef van den Berg (born 14 April 1995) is a retired Dutch archer. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Gijs Broeksma

Gijs Broeksma (born 10 December 1999) is a Dutch archer. Broeksma competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Piet de Brouwer

Petrus "Piet" Godefridus de Brouwer (5 October 1880 – 5 October 1953) was an archer from the Netherlands. De Brouwer competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Footprint Center

Footprint Center is an multi-use arena located in Phoenix, Arizona that serves as the home for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). The arena was also the home of the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1996 until 2003. 

They first started to build the stadium on August 1, 1990. The arena opened on June 6, 1992 and the first event was a concert by country singer George Strait. 

The Suns had their first game in the arena on November 7, 1992. In their first game, they defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 111–105. The Coyotes had their first game at the arena on October 10, 1996. They would defeat the San Jose Sharks by a score of 4–1. The Coyotes would play their last game in the arena in a 5–2 defeat to the Minnesota Wild on December 15, 2003. They would move to Glendale Arena in Glendale to play halfway through the 2003–04 NHL season.

In January 1990, sponsorship naming rights were bought by America West Airlines and the arena was named America West Arena. After America West bought and took over US Airways, they decided to change the name of the arena to US Airways Center. On December 2, 2014, the naming rights were sold to Talking Stick Resort, a luxury hotel and casino resort. The arena was then renamed Talking Stick Resort Arena.

The naming rights expired on November 6, 2020. This left the arena without a sponsor and it would be renamed to PHX Arena and later Phoenix Suns Arena. On July 16, 2021, materials science company Footprint purchased naming rights for the arena and renamed it to the Footprint Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including SummerSlam in 2003, Judgment Day in 2006, Cyber Sunday in 2008, Money in the Bank in 2012, Elimination Chamber in 2017, and . All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted episodes of their weekly television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage" at the arena.

Driekske van Bussel

Hendrikus "Driekske" van Bussel (18 November 1868 – 27 April 1951) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Bussel competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Al-Raba al-Gharbi

Al-Raba al-Gharbi (arab. عزلة الربع الغربي) is a subdistrict in Sana'a Governorate, Yemen. As of 2004, 23,690 people live in the subdistrict. The subdistrict is located in Sanhan District. The subdistrict contains 17 villages, which are divisions of subdistricts.
Al-Raba al-Gharbi has a BWk climate classification (i.e. a hot desert).
Here is a climate graph for the general climate in Al-Raba al-Gharbi.

On average, April is the wettest month at 89 millimeters of rain on average, and February, January, and December the driest, all at 1 millimeter a month on average.

Bart Allen

Bartholomew Henry <nowiki>"Bart"</nowiki> Allen II is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster, the original character known as Impulse, the second Kid Flash, and the fourth hero known as The Flash. Originally born in the 30th Century as a descendant of the Allen Family, he traveled back to our time and became a member of the Flash Family. His grandfather is Barry Allen, and his mentors have included Wally West and Jay Garrick, along with Max Mercury. Originally given the codename "Impulse" for his impulsiveness, he became "Kid Flash" after learning greater self-control, and eventually "The Flash" when he grew up further. Bart was killed by the Rogues during "Full Throttle", but resurrected as Kid Flash again during "Final Crisis", he has been working alongside the other three Flashes since the events of "The Flash: Rebirth". He is a founding member of Young Justice and a member of the Teen Titans and Legion of Super-Heroes.

In "The New 52" reboot, a new character appeared using the same name as the original Bart Allen. Bar Torr was a revolutionary from the 30th Century who was sent back to the 21st Century with no memories from his past. He took the alias Kid Flash and joined Red Robin's Teen Titans. Bart learned the truth of his origins when Johnny Quick exploited his status and sent the Titans to the future. Bar was briefly brought back by the Elite, but returned home to rescue his love interest, fellow Titan Solstice. The original Bart Allen made his return in "Flash War" as Impulse.

"Bart Allen" was created by Mark Waid and Mike Wieringo, first appearing in "The Flash (Volume 2) #91". (1994)

Outside of comics, Bart has been portrayed by Kyle Gallner in the live-action television series "Smallville". Jason Marsden voiced the character in the animated series "Young Justice". Jordan Fisher portrays a variation of the character as the future son of Barry Allen and Iris West-Allen starting in the seventh season of The CW Arrowverse television series "The Flash" as a recurring character.

Golden 1 Center

Golden 1 Center is a multi-use arena located in Sacramento, California that serves as the home for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

They first started to build the stadium on October 29, 2014. The arena opened on September 30, 2016 and the first event was a concert by Paul McCartney on his One on One tour. 

On April 9, 2016, the Sacramento Kings would play their last game at their old home arena ARCO Arena. The Kings had their first preseason game in the arena on October 10, 2016. In their first game, they defeated Maccabi Haifa of the Liga Leumit 135–96. 

On June 16, 2015, it was announced that sponsorship naming rights were purchased by Golden 1 Credit Union in a 20 years; $120 million deal. The arena would be named the Golden 1 Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including No Mercy in 2016 and Hell in a Cell in 2019. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted episodes of their weekly television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage" at the arena.

Speed Force

The Speed Force is a fictional cosmic energy field and force based around velocity and movement, and one of the Seven Forces of the Universe. It appears in publications by DC Comics, mostly in Flash stories. It is the representation of reality in motion, being the very cosmic force that pushes space and time forward. It grants all speedsters their power. Several speedsters have merged with it, including Barry Allen, Johnny Quick, and Max Mercury. Eobard Thawne stated that at its core, the Speed Force is equivalent to time itself, describing it as existence moving through reality, kinetic energy, and temporal energy.

It first appeared in "The Flash" (vol. 2) #91 (June 1994), and was created by Mark Waid.

Harry Lampert

Harry Lampert (November 3, 1916 - November 13, 2004) was an American cartoonist and bridge teacher and writer, widely known for creating the DC Comics character the Flash, alongside his partner and writer Gardner Fox.

He was born in New York City, New York, United States on November 3, 1916, and died November 13, 2004 in Boca Raton, Florida, of complications from prostate cancer; he was survived by wife Adele Lampert, daughter Karen Akavan and two grandsons.

Miley Cyrus Discography

Miley Cyrus Discography is where you can find out all the music done by Miley Cyrus.For the musical carrier of teen icon Hannah Montana see Hannah Montana discography

Miley Cyrus has recorded eight studio albums and 2 ESp.Cyrus has sold 55 million singles and 20 million albums world wide

Ever since the era of Hannah Montana, Miley Cyrus's mix of heart pouring lyrics and a heart warming voice won many crowds. Cyrus has been number 1 for 8 weeks on the 947 top 40.


Pseudophilautus hankeni

Pseudophilautus hankeni is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka, in the Knuckles Mountains. People have seen it on mountains higher than 1200 meters over sea level.

The adult male frog is about 19.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 20.0 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is cream-white in color with light brown marks and a dark brown line between the eyes with two dots behind it. There are two light brown bands down the body. The sides fo the body are lighter in color with some green color. The throat and belly and webbed skin on the feet are light in color. This frog hatches out of eggs as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

People have seen this frog sitting in shrubs 1-2 meters above the ground. The frogs live in forests, in places where humans have cut down the large trees and they grew back, and in places where humans cut down the large trees and they did not grow back.

Some scientists think this frog is the same species as "Pseudophilautus dilmah".

Scientists named this frog after amphibian scientist Jim Hanken, of Harvard.

Let's Make a Night to Remember

"Let's Make a Night to Remember" is a 1996 song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams and is the second single from his seventh studio album "18 til I Die". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in the United States, number 14 in Scotland, number 1 in Canada, number 11 in the Netherlands, number 4 in the Czech Republic, number 17 in New Zealand, number 7 in Australia and number 25 in Ireland. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1997.

DC Black Label

DC Black Label is a DC Comics imprint established in 2018 that specialises in providing unique, edgy, and provocative standalone stories based on DC Universe characters, in the tradition of defining works such as "All-Star Superman", "Watchmen", and "". It was intended to allow writers and artists the opportunity to tell their definitive DC stories without being constrained by continuity or age ratings. The imprint publishes prestige original limited series, both canon or otherwise, as well as reprints of critically acclaimed graphic novels. Since 2019, Hill House Comics, the stand-alone horror imprint, is also published under DC Black Label.


Publishing of all titles under "The Sandman Universe" label was taken over by DC Black Label following the shut-down of Vertigo in 2020:




DC Rebirth

DC Rebirth is a massive DC Universe initiative published in 2016.

The event follows the ending of "The New 52", a publishing era that rebooted DC Comics continuity in 2011 after the "Flashpoint" crossover. Its name is taken from the earlier series' "Green Lantern: Rebirth" and "The Flash: Rebirth", both written by Geoff Johns and focusing on returning their characters to an earlier status quo while updating the premises for new audiences. The initiative is intended to synchronize and harmonize the Post-"Flashpoint" continuity and the Post-Crisis continuity.



Pacific Coliseum

Pacific Coliseum is an multi-use arena located in Vancouver, British Columbia. The arena does not have a permanent tenant. The arena used to serves as the home for the Vancouver Canucks of the Western Hockey League (WHL), the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL), the Vancouver Nats of the Western Hockey League (WHL), Vancouver Blazers of the World Hockey Association (WHA), and the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

They first started to build the stadium in 1966. The arena opened on January 8, 1968 and the first event were the Ice Capades. The Canucks had their first game in the arena on October 9, 1970. In their first game, they were defeated by the Los Angeles Kings 3–1. The Canucks would play their final game in the arena on May 27, 1995. They would be defeated by the Chicago Blackhawks 4–3 in overtime in the Western Conference Semifinals and be swept out of the 1995 Stanley Cup playoffs. The Canucks would move to the newly-built General Motors Place the next season.

Ever since the arena opened, it has never had an official corporate sponsor.

On May 1, 1972, a boxing match between Muhammad Ali and George Chuvalo for the NABF heavyweight title would take place. Ali would win by unanimous decision. On September 8, 1972, the fourth game of the Summit Series was held in the arena. Fans would boo after Canada lost to the Soviet Union 5–3. Phil Esposito was disappointed in hearing the boos and said they didn't deserve to be booed.

On August 13, 2000, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held their New Blood Rising pay-per-view at the arena. WWF hosted many shows at the arena including an episode of their weekly television show "Monday Night Raw" on August 4, 2003.

During the 2010 Winter Olympics, Pacific Coliseum was used figure skating and short-track speed skating events.

The Clown (Conway Twitty song)

"The Clown" is a 1981 song by Conway Twitty and is the leading single from his 44th studio album "Southern Comfort". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country single charts and number 7 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Tears of Pearls

"Tears of Pearls" is a 1999 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the seventh and final single from their self-titled debut studio album. It went to number 32 in Sweden and number 87 in the Netherlands.

CD single

Maxi CD

Acting President of Sudan

The acting president of the Republic of Sudan () is a temporary post provided by the Constitution of Sudan. The acting president is a person who fulfills the duties of the president of the Republic of Sudan when cases of incapacity amd vacancy occur. The person who holds the office has powers like the President. Just like the President, the Acting President has the power to call for Referendums, Elections, has the power to dissolve Congress and can change the Constitution. This post is usually held by the First Vice President.

Changthang language

Changthang, also known as Byangskat or Upper Ladakhi is a dialect of Ladakhi language spoken by the Changthang people, a subgroup of the Ladakhi people, in Ladakh, Baltistan and Tibet. According to UNESCO, It is an endangered dialect as only 10,000 people speak it.

Berny Camps

Berny Camps (born 20 March 1971) is a Dutch archer. Camps competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Pieter Custers

Pieter Johan Jozef Maria Custers (born 13 March 1984) is an archer from the Netherlands. Custers competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Raavitsa

Raavitsa (also known as Raavitse) is a village in Valga Parish, Valga County, in southeastern Estonia. It borders the town of Valga in the west, Tartu–Valga railway in the northwest and Valga–Pechory railway in the south. Raavitsa has an unused station named "Raavitse" on Tartu–Valga line.

Dinesh Chandimal

Lokuge Dinesh Chandimal born 18 November 1989 is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer and a former captain of the Sri Lanka national cricket team. A handy right-handed middle order batter who sometimes plays as the wicket-keeper.


Rakhee Gulzar

Raakhee Gulzar ( Majumdar; born 15 August 1947), professionally known as Raakhee, is an Indian actress who has appeared in Hindi and Bengali films. In her four decades of acting, she has worked in more than 100 films. Raakhee has won several awards including two National Film Awards and three Filmfare Awards. In 2003, she received Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian award.

Rakhine language

Rakhine also known as Arakanese, is a language of western Myanmar that is closely related to Burmese. Native to the Rakhine, Marma, it is spoken as a first language by one million people, and as a second language by a further million.
Veena Sood

Veena Sood (born 21 November), is a Canadian actress. Sood is best known for dramatic and comedic roles in a career spanning more than 3 decades.


Benerib

Benerib was a queen consort during the 1st dynasty of Egypt and the wife of Hor-Aha. "Benerib" means "sweetheart"
Benerib was married to the pharaoh Hor-Aha, but she was not the mother of his successor, Djer. The mother of King Djer is Khenthap, another wife of Hor-Aha. Benerib is believed to be the wife of Hor-Aha because items with his name were found in her tomb at Abydos. A piece of an ivory box with the names of Hor-Aha and Benerib was also discovered at Abydos and is now in the Boston Museum of Fine Arts.

Egyptologist John Romer suggested that Benerib’s name, which can mean “sweetheart” or “one who is pleasant at heart”, might not be a name at all but rather a title or description for a person whose gender is also uncertain from the name. Benerib’s titles are unknown, and also the identity of her parents. 

Benerib was buried at Umm el-Qa'ab in tomb B14.

Khenthap

Khenthap, also known as Khenet-Hapi, is believed to have been a queen consort during the 1st dynasty. She is thought to have lived during the 1st Dynasty. Not much is known about her because there are no historical records of her from her time. Her name only appears once in a writing that is much later after the 1st dynasty.
There is a lot of debate about who Khenthap was. When Egyptologists look at the old things that were written down and saved, like on special stones, there is no mention of her name. But there is one stone called the Palermo stone that has her name on it. This stone lists all the kings starting with Narmer (1st dynasty) until Neferirkare (6th dynasty). It also tells who the mother of each king was. On this stone, Khenthap’s name is written, but it doesn’t say anything else about her, it just says that she was the mother of Djer.

Khenthap who was described as the mother of King Djer.There are different theories about her relationship to other kings. Joyce Tyldesley believes she was the wife of King Hor-Aha and that her grandson was King Djet. Silke Roth, on the other hand, thinks that Khenthap was the wife of King Teti I. This king is mentioned in historical records as ruling for only 1 year and 45 days.

Khenthap’s name means “musician of (god) Hapi,” which suggests she may have had a religious role in her lifetime. Her name is connected to a god and may link to the king’s title “bull of his mother.”

Ranjana Desai

Ranjana Prakash Desai (born 30 October 1949) is a former judge of the Supreme Court of India and the head of the Delimitation Commission of India.

Gopala Gopala (2015 movie)

Gopala Gopala is a 2015 Indian Telugu-language satirical comedy drama film directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasani. The is produced by D. Suresh Babu and Sharrath Marar under the Suresh Productions and North Star Entertainment banners. It stars Venkatesh, Pawan Kalyan, Shriya Saran, and Mithun Chakraborty while Ashish Vidyarthi and Posani Krishna Murali play supporting roles. The film is a remake of the 2012 Hindi film "OMG – Oh My God!" which was itself based on the Gujarati stage play "Kanji Viruddh Kanji" which is in turn inspired from 2001 film "The Man Who Sued God".

Rameshwar Wadi

Rameshwar also known as Rameshwar Wadi is a small town located on the coast of Sindhudurg District of Maharashtra on the west coast of India. A very old Shri Dev Rameshwar Temple is located in this town which is dedicated to the Hindu deity Shiva.

Ramana Maharshi

Ramana Maharshi (; 30 December 1879 – 14 April 1950) was an Indian Hindu sage and "jivanmukta" (liberated being). He was born Venkataraman Iyer, but is mostly known by the name Bhagavan Sri Ramana Maharshi.

QV60

QV60 tomb in Valley of the Queens belongs to Nebettawy, who was the daughter and Great Wife of Ramesses II. Some important people like Champollion and Lepsius talked about this tomb. Later, a person named Ernesto Schiaparelli, who was in charge of the Egyptian Museum in Turin, dug up this tomb.

During the Coptic period, the tomb was changed into a chapel. 

In the first room, there are pictures of 41 judges on the left wall, each with a feather on their head. Nebettawy is shown giving a statue to a seated figure wearing two feathers on their head. In the second room, Nebettawy is shown in front of Horus and she has very important titles there: The Osiris, the King's Daughter, Great Royal Wife, Lady of the Two Lands, Mistress of Upper and Lower Egypt.

In one of the scenes, Queen Nebettawy wears a very special headdress. It has a vulture crown with a uraeus, topped by a modius and supporting several flowers. This specific headdress is only seen on Queen Nebettawy, Queen Isis (QV51 - during the time of Ramesses III-Ramesses IV), and Queen Tyti (QV52 – 20th dynasty). A previous version of this crown was worn by Princess-Queen Sitamun, who was the daughter-wife of Amenhotep III.

Square of Ukrainian Heroes

Square of Ukrainian Heroes (), is a city square in Kyiv, Ukraine formed by a triangle shaped intersection of three streets: Velyka Vasylkivska, Hetmana Pavla Skoropadskoho and Yevhena Chykalenka. The square gives its name to the Square of Ukrainian Heroes station, of the Kyiv Metro.

Meenakshi Chaudhary

Meenakshii Chaudhary is an Indian actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who works in Telugu and Tamil films. She represented the state of Haryana at the Femina Miss India 2018 pageant, where she was crowned as Femina Miss India Grand International 2018. Chaudhary represented India at and was crowned as the 1st runner up. She made her lead film debut with the Telugu film "Ichata Vahanamulu Niluparadu" in 2021.


Lovisa (company)

Lovisa Holdings Limited is an Australian jewellery chain founded in Sydney in April 2010. This fast fashion jewellery brand was launched by Australian billionaire Brett Blundy, the former chairman of BB Retail Capital (BBRC).

Laxmi Narayan Tripathi

Laxmi Narayan Tripathi (known as Laxmi, sometimes transliterated as Lakshmi) is a transgender/Hijra rights activist, bollywood actress, Bharatanatyam dancer, choreographer and motivational speaker in Mumbai, India. She is also the Acharya Mahamandaleshwar of kinnar akhada. She was born in Malti Bai Hospital on 13th Dec 1978 in Thane. She is the first transgender person to represent Asia Pacific in the UN in 2008.

Vaalu

Vaalu is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language romantic action comedy film written and directed by debutante Vijay Chandar. The film stars Silambarasan and Hansika Motwani, with Santhanam, VTV Ganesh and Brahmanandam portraying supporting roles. The film was produced by S. S. Chakravarthy under the banner NIC Arts. S. Thaman composed the music while Sakthi and T. S. Suresh handled the cinematography and editing respectively.

Salima Sultan Begum

Salima Sultan Begum (23 February 1539 – 2 January 1613) was the third wife and chief consort of the Mughal emperor Akbar, and the granddaughter of Babur.

Salima was the daughter of Akbar's paternal aunt, Gulrukh Begum, and her husband, the Viceroy of Kannauj, Nuruddin Muhammad Mirza. She was promised in marriage to Akbar's regent, Bairam Khan, by her maternal uncle, Humayun. This was probably a reward for the services done by Bairam for Humayun. She was about forty years younger than Bairam. They were married in 1557 after Akbar had succeeded Humayun as the third Mughal emperor. There were no children. The marriage lasted for only three years. Bairam Khan was assassinated by a band of Afghans in 1561. After his death, Salima was married to her first cousin, Akbar. She had no children, but she raised the second son of Akbar, Murad Mirza for the first few years.

Salima was a senior-ranking wife of Akbar and had much influence over her husband and his son, Jahangir. As stated by Henry Beveridge, she was in charge of the Muslim harem of Akbar. She wielded major political influence in the Mughal court during her husband's reign as well as during Jahangir's reign. Her name, however, appears in the histories as a reader, poet, who wrote under the pseudonym of "Makhfi" (lit. 'Hidden One') and as pleading with Akbar for Jahangir's forgiveness. She was known as the "Khadija-uz-Zamani" (lit. 'Khadija of the Age') for her wisdom.

Used to Be Young

"Used to Be Young" is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus. It was released on August 25, 2023, by Columbia Records, after the broadcast of the ABC documentary concert special "" the day before, and appears on the digital edition of Cyrus's eighth studio album "Endless Summer Vacation" (2023) as the fourth single. The song was written by Cyrus alongside Aldae and Michael Pollack, with the singer, Pollack, and Shawn Everett handling production.

Chinampa

Chinampas is a way of growing crops that originated in Mesoamerica. It is done by making small areas of fertile land on the shallow lake beds in the Valley of Mexico.

The United Nations made it a Globally Important Agricultural Heritage System in 2018.

Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai

Philippe-Antoine Merlin, known as Merlin de Douai (30 October 1754 – 26 December 1838) was a French politician and lawyer. He was the 21st President of the National Convention from 3 to 18 August 1794.

Antoine Christophe Merlin

Antoine Christophe Merlin (13 September 1762 in Thionville, Moselle – September 1833 in Paris) was a member of several legislative bodies during the era of the French Revolution. He is usually called Merlin de Thionville (Merlin of Thionville) to distinguish him from Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai.

André Antoine Bernard

André Antoine Bernard (21 June 1751 – 19 October 1818) called Bernard de Saintes, was a French lawyer and revolutionary, one of the Jacobins responsible for the Reign of Terror in the French Revolution.

André Dumont

André Dumont (24 May 1764 at Oisemont – 19 October 1838 at Abbeville), was a French parliamentarian, a regicide, and a deputy of the National Convention, President of the National convention.

Jean-Jacques-Régis de Cambacérès

Jean-Jacques-Régis de Cambacérès, Duke of Parma ( 18 October 1753 – 8 March 1824), was a French nobleman, lawyer, freemason and statesman during the French Revolution and the First Empire. He is best remembered as one of the authors of the Napoleonic Code.

The Square (1994 movie)

The Square is a film directed by Stephen Speilberg about the 1989 Tinamen Square.

Lucas Hourenbout

Lucas Hourenbout, often called Hornebolte in England (1490/1495–1544), was a Flemish artist that worked for King Henry VIII from 1525 until his death.

Pierre Louis Prieur

Pierre Louis Prieur (Prieur de la Marne) (1 August 1756 – 31 May 1827) was a French lawyer elected to the Estates-General of 1789. During the French Revolution he served as a deputy to the National Convention and held membership in the Committee of Public Safety.

Louis Legendre

Louis Legendre (22 May 1752 – 13 December 1797) was a French politician of the Revolution period.

List of South African singers

List of South African singers is full of many artist that are from South Africa.

South African music is mixed with genres such as Afro-beats ,Kwaito, R&B, House music, Hip-hop and Pop.


YouTube Vanced

YouTube Vanced (or just Vanced, but it used to be iYTBP) was a change of the YouTube application for Android that had an ad blocker made by people who are not with google. Other qualities of the app included , being able to play audio in the background, free picture-in-picture (PiP), an AMOLED black theme, the ability to swipe to change the brightness and loudness, and inclusion of the Return YouTube Dislike browser plug-in. YouTube Music and MicroG were also changed to have these qualities.

The name "Vanced" comes from the word "advanced" with the word "ad" taken out, talking about the app getting rid of ads.

On March 13, 2022, the makers of YouTube Vanced stated that they would stop making the app after they got a cease and desist letter from Google, which made them stop making Vanced. The app still worked for people who still had it until late April 2023, when the video player of YouTube Vanced was broken. After the app stopped being made, people began moving to apps that are like Vanced (like ReVanced).

YouTube Vanced and other changed apps by Vanced Team were gotten through the Vanced Manager using already made files. People who had rooted their phone could get the app and have it seen by the phone as the phone's old YouTube app.

Vanced let people use multiple of the qualities of YouTube Premium for free, like the picture-in-picture mode (which let videos be watched in a floating window), ad block (which got rid of ads in the app), and background play (which let videos be played as sound in the background).

Vanced let people use other qualities, like SponsorBlock (which skips sponsor parts inside videos), forced HDR mode along with the VP9 codec, biggest screen size replacement, the ability to swipe the screen to change brightness and loudness, pinch-to-zoom being turned on on all phones, the choice to repeat videos after getting done with them, keeping video quality and speed preferences between videos, the dislike counter being turned back on on videos, and being able to log in using a changed microG.

The changes in June 2021 gave a new logo as well as fixing glitches with the SponsorBlock and the log in.


Pseudophilautus karunarathnai

Karunarathna’s shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus karunarathnai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 700 and 1450 meters above sea level near Sripada Peak.

The adult male frog is 16.2 – 16.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 19.2 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is the color of cream with darker brown marks. There is a cross-shaped mark between the eyes and a smaller one near the nose. There is a sideways stripe on the back. The back legs are cream in color. The belly is dull white in color with marks. The webbed skin is dark brown in color.

People have seen this frog sitting in shrubs as high as 1.5 meters above the ground in rainforests and sometimes people's gardens. There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Scientists named this frog after Y.G.P. Karunarathna, of Sri Lanka's Department of Wildlife Conservation.

Social security in the United Kingdom

The English Poor Law system was set up in the Tudor period. Monasteries had given a lot of support to the poor but they were closed. Beggars were sent back to their homes. Workhouses were set up by the parishes for people who could not earn money and they were given work to do. They were paid for by a local tax on the property of the richest people in the parish.
Pensions were introduced for poor people over 70 in 1908. The National Insurance Act was passed in 1911. This introduced National Insurance Contributions, which gave free medical treatment to working men, sick pay of 10 shillings a week for 26 weeks and 30 shillings Maternity Grant. Unemployed workers could get 7 shillings per week for up to 15 weeks in a year.

The Beveridge Report of 1942 proposed a big expansion of this system and Clement Attlee's government passed laws to make it happen. The National Insurance Act 1946 included sickness and unemployment benefits. This was popular and the Conservative Party (UK) continued it. Married women were expected to rely on their husbands for support. They were not entitled to the same benefits as men. There were widows benefits for women whose husbands died but no benefits for men whose wives died. 

National Assistance was the main means tested benefit from 1948 to 1966. Then Supplementary Benefit was introduced, and the legal rules were published. People could go to court about it. It was replaced by Income Support in 1988. Help with the cost of rent came from Housing Benefit. From 2013 Universal Credit began to replace all the means tested benefits. 

In 1970 new benefits for disabled people were introduced: Attendance Allowance and Mobility Allowance. In 1976 Invalid Care Allowance was introduced, but married women could not claim it. Spending on disability benefits rose from 0.1% of GDP in 1980-81 to 0.7% of GDP in 2020-21. The number of people getting disability benefits went up from 1.2 million in 1997 to 2.5 million in 2021-22.

Around 2000 there were changes designed to end the discrimination against women. Women's benefits no longer depended on their husbands National Insurance contributions. The state pension age was set at 60 for women, and 65 for men in 1948. At that time most men did not live to claim their pension for long. Women lived on average about 5 years longer than men. In 1995 the law was changed so that the women's pension age would be made equal with men. After 2007 the age people could claim a pension was gradually raised because life expectancy had improved. On average men lived to be more than 80 and women about 84.

In the winter cost-of-living payments are made. A £10 Christmas bonus for pensioners and many other claimants was started in 1972 and has never been increased. Most people on means-tested benefits get £900 paid in three instalments. Pensioners get £300. People on disability benefits get an extra £150.

The Child Poverty Action Group produces books about the British social security system every year. They explain people's rights.

Jean-François Reubell

Jean-François Reubell ( or Rewbell (6 October 1747 – 24 November 1807) was a French diplomat, and politician of the Revolution.

Sindhic languages

The Sindhic languages are Indo-Aryan dialects or languages derived from Sindhi language.

Sindhic Languages:


Étienne-François Le Tourneur

Étienne-François-Louis-Honoré Letourneur, Le Tourneur, or Le Tourneur de la Manche (15 March 1751 – 4 October 1817) was a French lawyer, soldier, and politician of the French Revolution.

Stanislas Joseph François Xavier Rovère

Jooseph Stanislas François Xavier Alexis Rovère de Fontvielle (born 16 July 1748 in Bonnieux ( Vaucluse ), died 11 September 1798 in Sinnamary, French Guiana, was a general and politician of the French Revolution.

Paul Barras

Paul François Jean Nicolas, Vicomte de Barras( 30 June 1755 – 29 January 1829), commonly known as Paul Barras, was a French politician of the French Revolution, and the main executive leader of the Directory regime of 1795–1799.

François Louis Bourdon

François Louis Bourdon (11 January 1758 – 22 June 1798), also known as Bourdon de l'Oise, was a French politician of the Revolutionary period.

Antoine Claire Thibaudeau

Antoine Claire, Comte Thibaudeau (23 March 1765 – 8 March 1854) was a French politician.

Uttam Rai

Uttam Rai (born 20 December 1996) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a forward. He previously appeared with both the Nepali Martyr's Memorial A-Division League clubs Friends Kopundole and Sankata Boys.

Gagandeep Singh Bedi

Gagandeep Singh Bedi (Hindi: गगनदीप सिंह बेदी, born 9 September 1968) is an Indian civil servant, currently serving as the Additional Chief Secretary (Health and Family Welfare Department) to the Government of Tamil Nadu in India. He is known for his crisis management and relief work at Cuddalore during the Tsunami in December 2004, floods in 2005 and 2015, Okhi cyclone in Kanyakumari, Gaja Cyclone in Nagapattinam in 2017 and the restoration of peace in the aftermath of Thoothukudi violence in May 2018.

Nina Conti

Nina Margarita Conti (born 25 August 1973) is a British actress, comedian, and ventriloquist.


Lakshmi (actress)

Yaragudipadi Venkata Mahalakshmi (born 13 December 1952), known professionally as Lakshmi, is an Indian actress known for her works primarily in the southern film industry


Sindhi Bhils

The Sindhi Bhil or Bheel (Sindhi: سنڌي ڀيل) are a Sindhi sub-group of the Bhil people of Indian subcontinent. They speak Bhili dialect of Sindhi language. They live in the Sindh, South Punjab, and Balocistan provinces of Pakistan. They are one of major Hindu community in the region, though some are Muslims as well.

Sleeve tattoo

A sleeve tattoo or tattoo sleeve is a large tattoo or collection of smaller tattoos that covers most or all of a person's arm. There is a difference between an arm covered in tattoos and a sleeve tattoo

Raman Raghav 2.0

Raman Raghav 2.0 (released internationally as Psycho Raman) is a 2016 Indian neo-noir psychological thriller film directed by Anurag Kashyap. Produced by Kashyap, Vikramaditya Motwane, Vikas Bahl, and Madhu Mantena, the film stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Vicky Kaushal, and debutante Sobhita Dhulipala. 

Shivani Surve

Shivani Surve is an Indian actress known for working in television and films both in Hindi and Marathi. She made her acting debut with "Navya..Naye Dhadkan Naye Sawaal" playing Nimisha and is best known for her role of Vividha in Star Plus's show "Jaana Na Dil Se Door".

Gangarampur

Gangarampur is one of the cities and a municipality in Dakshin Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India. Buniadpur is the headquarters of the Gangarampur subdivision.

Lakshan Sandakan

Paththamperuma Arachchige Don Lakshan Rangika Sandakan, commonly known as Lakshan Sandakan (born 10 June 1991), is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for the national team in all three formats of the game. He is a past pupil of De Mazenod College, Kandana.

Neha Ratnakaran

Neha Ratnakaran is an Indian actress and model. She participated in Miss Malabar 2013 and was crowned 1st runner up.

Kaylee Hottle

Kaylee Hottle (May 1, 2012), is a deaf American actress, known for her role of "Jia Andrews" in the Legendary's MonsterVerse films "Godzilla vs. Kong" (2021) and the upcoming film "Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire" (2024).

Hottle was born in Atlanta, Georgia and comes from an exclusively deaf family, spanning four generations of deaf relatives on her father's side. Her native fluency in American Sign Language has afforded her opportunities to perform in commercials such as the "Glide" and "Mother's Day" spots. She also appeared in "10 Deaf Childrens: A Powerful Message".

Hottle has appeared in, among other things, the film "Godzilla vs. Kong" (2021) as Jia, a deaf girl native to Skull Island. She also appeared in the television series "Magnum .P.I.". Her next project, "Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire" will release in 2024, where she will reprise the role of Jia.


Omni-Man

Nolan, better known as Nolan Grayson or his hero mantle Omni-Man, is the deuteragonist of the Image Comics series "Invincible". He is an alien from the planet Viltrum, and became the father of Mark Grayson, who would become the superhero Invincible. He was revealed to be a villain upon slaughtering the Guardians of the Globe, but redeemed himself for the sake of his family and to protect the Earth from the Viltrum Empire.

The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Cory Walker (with Ryan Ottley) as an expansion of a character concept created by Alan Moore and Chris Sprouse. 

In the "Invincible" television series, Omni-Man is voiced by J. K. Simmons.

Invincible (character)

Markus Sebastian "Mark" Grayson, better known by his heroic mantle Invincible, is the titular main protagonist of the Image Comics series "Invincible" and the animated TV series.

He is a young man new to the superhero scene, but enthusiastic about doing good in the world. He gained his powers during his senior year in high school and decided to become a superhero like his father, Omni-Man. He is the first half-human and half-Viltrumite hybrid of his generation who spends most of his time protecting innocents and later became a father himself.

Despite all of the suffering he has faced during his tenure as a superhero, Mark would persevere and save the world and galaxy from threats.

He was created by Robert Kirkman and Cory Walker, and first appeared in "Invincible #1" in January of 2003.

Atacama skeleton

The Atacama skeleton (died late 1970's), commonly named Ata, was the skeletonized body probably belonging to a unborn infant found in 2003 in the ghost town of La Norie, Chile. The infant had died more than 20 years prior to it's discovery in 2003. The body had a unusual short size, shape, and height, and was once thought to have belonged to a extraterrestrial.
DNA analysis done on the body in 2018 found there were unusual mutations on the body. The height of the skeleton was only 6 inches (15 cm). The remains were discovered by Oscar Munoz, who later sold them to another owner. The current owner now is Ramón Navia-Osorio, a Spanish businessman.
Mitch Dielemans

Mitch Dielemans (born 6 January 1993) is a Dutch archer. Dielemans competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Sjan van Dijk

Sjan van Dijk (born 4 February 1964) is a Dutch archer. Van Dijk competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Jo van Gastel

Johannes Jacobus van Gastel (5 January 1887 – 5 March 1969) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Gastel competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Invincible (TV series)

Invincible is an adult animated superhero series that revolves around 17-year-old Mark Grayson (Steven Yeun), who’s just like every other guy his age — except his father is the most powerful superhero on the planet, Omni-Man (J. K. Simmons). But as Mark develops powers of his own, he discovers his father’s legacy may not be as heroic as it seems.

Unlike many other superhero stories, "Invincible" is a complete tale. It offers character progression, and plots that get resolved. Sure, there are all the explosives you'd expect when someone dons a super suit, but don't expect for each episode to hit the reset button. The events of the earlier episode truly matter to those that come later.

The series is based on the Skybound/Image Comics title of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Cory Walker and Ryan Ottley. "Invincible" is an Amazon Original series which debuted on Amazon Prime March 26, 2021.

"Invincible" is back for Season 2 with new episodes every Friday.

RCA Red Seal Records

RCA Red Seal is a classical music label whose origin dates to 1902 and is currently owned by Sony Music Entertainment.


Sufian Tayeh

Sufian Abdel Rahman Othman Tayeh simply known as Sufian Tayeh (Arabic: سفيان تايه) (20 August, 1971 - 2 December, 2023) was a Palestinian physics professor and lecturer. He also served as the President of the Islamic University of Gaza from August 2023 until his death along with his family in December 2023 by an Israeli airstrike.


I Knew I Loved You

"I Knew I Loved You" is a 1999 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the second single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It topped the single charts in Canada, Romania and the United States. It went to number 3 in New Zealand and Sweden, number 4 in Australia, number 5 in the Czech Republic, number 9 in Belgium, number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Denmark and Italy and number 15 in Iceland. It was covered by country singer Daryle Singletary in 2000 for his compilation album "Now and Again" and went to number 55 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.





The Best Thing (Savage Garden song)

"The Best Thing" is a 2001 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. It is the seventh and final single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 35 in the United Kingdom and number 30 in Scotland.

CD single

Cassette

Single CD

Maxi-CD

Frost Bank Center

Frost Bank Center is an multi-use arena located in San Antonio, Texas that serves as the home for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The San Antonio Silver Stars/Stars of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) played in the arena from 2003 until 2014, and again from 2016 until 2017. The San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL) played from 2002 until 2020.

They first started to build the stadium on August 24, 2000. The arena opened on October 18, 2002 and the Spurs had their first game in the arena on November 1, 2002. In their first game, they defeated the Toronto Raptors 91–72. 

When it opened, SBC Communications, Inc. bought the naming rights for the arena in a 20-year, $41 million deal and would name the arena SBC Center. On December 30, 2005, the company changed it's name to AT&T Inc. and the company would decide to change the name of the arena to the AT&T Center on October 28, 2005. On August 3, 2023, Frost Bank purchased the naming rights for the arena and renamed it to the Frost Bank Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including Royal Rumble in 2007, TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs in , Vengeance in 2011, and Hell in a Cell in 2018. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted an episode of their weekly television show "Collision" on December 23, 2023.

Johannes van Gastel

Johannes van Gastel (10 September 1853 –11 October 1928) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Gastel competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics.

Tiest van Gestel

Jan Baptist Jozef "Tiest" van Gestel (29 March 1881 – 9 February 1969) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Gestel competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Carry van Gool-Floris

Catharina Cornelia Adriana Maria "Carry" van Gool-Floris (born 19 September 1953) is a Dutch retired archer. Van Gool-Floris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Debbie Does Dallas

Debbie Does Dallas is a 1978 American pornographic movie. It was both directed and produced by Jim Clark. "Debbie Does Dallas" was released on November 19, 1978.

There was a copyright battle when the movie was released. M & A Associates held rights and wanted to distribute it through VCX. They didn't want people to illegally copy the movie. They were unable to get the copyright protection or register with the United States Copyright Office (USCO). There would be a cease-and-desist filed by M & A against VCX and the USCO but the judge ruled in favor of VCX and the USCO. This meant that the movie would enter the public domain in the United States.

The movie was very popular and sold around 50,000 VHS tapes. "Debbie Does Dallas" is one of the most well known pornographic movies of all time. It was released in the time period known as the "Golden Age of Porn" which was from 1969 until 1984. The movie has had many different sequels made of it.

The movie is about cheerleaders that want to help send Debbie (Bambi Woods) to Texas so she can try and make the "Texas Cowgirls" cheerleading squad. Debbie and her friends all take part-time jobs to try and raise money for the trip. After a while, they all end up having sex for money. In the end, Debbie wears a Texas Cowgirls cheerleading outfit and has sex with a store owner that is dressed like Joe Namath.


2009–10 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2009-10 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 6th title for Salzburg and the 3rd since the Red Bull takeover. 

The Scorpion and the Frog

The Scorpion and the Frog is a fable. "The Scorpion and the Frog" was first found in Lev Nitoburg's 1933 novel "The German Quarter".

The fable is about a scorpion who wants to get across a river. The scorpion sees a frog and asks the frog if he can carry him across. The frog is worried about this because he doesn't want to be stung. The scorpion then assures the frog that he would not sting him because that would result in the death of both of them. The frog then agrees and helps the scorpion across the river. When they are halfway across the river, the scorpion decides to sting the frog. The frog asks why and the scorpion responds that couldn't resist because it was in his nature.

A common belief of the moral of the fable is that even if it is against their own interests, a violent person will hurt others anyways because they can't help it.

Democracy and Progress Party

The Democracy and Progress Party (, DEVA) is a Turkish political party founded on 9 March 2020 under the leadership of Ali Babacan, a former economy minister under the AKP. The official abbreviation is "DEVA" ("Remedy" in Turkish) according to the party records. The party's logo is a water droplet, inside a silhouette of sapling.

List of people who have served as the chairman of the Democracy and Progress Party, which was opened on March 9, 2020:


Arabia Rizek

Hassan Muhammad (born May 29, 1957), also known as Arabia Rizek, is an Egyptian-American DJ, rapper, and producer. He is one of the founders of breakbeat DJing. His first single "Push Me Up" (1981) reached number 48 on the U.S. pop albums chart.

Rizek was born in Cairo, Egypt, he moved to the South Bronx, New York, with his family in 1968

Marwan Pablo

Marwan Pablo or Marwan Ahmed Motawea (born May 24, 1995), previously known as Dama, is an Egyptian rapper and hip-hop artist from Cairo. He was influenced by the genre of Hip Hop. He is best known for "Free", "Ghaba", "El Gemeza", "Sindbad", "Barbary" and more.

Nitish Jain

Nitish Jain (born 15 February 1961) is an Indian educationist, philanthropist, and President of S P Jain School of Global Management (S P Jain), a global business school that has campuses in Dubai, Singapore, Sydney and Mumbai. and developing a proprietorial software for the delivery of online education.

Sathupalli

Sathupalli (also spelled as Sathupally, Sathupalle) is a town in Khammam district of the Indian state of Telangana. It is a Municipality in Sathupalli mandal of Kalluru revenue division. It is about east of Hyderabad, from Khammam and from Warangal. It is about north of Amaravati, the state capital of Andhra Pradesh, and west of Rajahmundry.

Rajvinder Kaur Gill

Rajvinder Kaur Gill (1971 – August 31, 2012) was a Canadian banker who disappeared in late August 2012, while on a trip to Pakistan.
According to the Pakistani newspaper "The Nation", Gill possessed over $5 million USD at the time of her disappearance.

Gorden Tallis

Gorden James Tallis (born 27 July 1973), also known by the nickname of "Raging Bull" for his on-field aggression, is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. A Queensland State of Origin and Australian international representative second-row forward, he captained both these teams as well as the Brisbane Broncos with whom he won the 1997, 1998 and 2000 Grand Finals, after starting his career with the St. George Dragons in Sydney. At the peak of his career Tallis was considered as the best forward in the world


Jishu Dasgupta

Jishu Dasgupta (3 September 1956 – 21 December 2012) was an Indian Bengali television director and actor.<ref name="http://hottrends.webdunia.com/post/detail/1497/Jishu-Dasgupta-passes-away"></ref> After suffering from cancer for nine months, he died on 21 December 2012 in a hospital in Kolkata.

Garry Anthony Fraser

Garry Anthony Fraser is a Scottish BAFTA-award winning film director and producer. He made his directorial debut with an autobiographical film titled "Everybody's Child", which explored his struggles with poverty and drug addiction.

Ravi Yerrigadoo

Ravi Yerrigadoo (born c. 1974) is a Mauritian politician.

Yerrigadoo is of Hindu descent. He was elected to the National Assembly in 2000 via the Best Loser System. Aged 26 at the time, Yerrigadoo was also named minister of Youth and Sports. He ran in the 2005 Mauritian local election.

Baljit Singh Saini

Baljit ("Baljeet") Singh Saini (born 12 August 1976 in Ropar, Punjab) is a field hockey defender and midfielder from India who made his international debut for the Men's National Team in 1995 during the Indira Gandhi Gold Cup. 


Rakesh Jhaveri

Rakesh Jhaveri(born 26 September 1966) also known as Pujya Gurudevshri Rakeshbhai and Pujya Gurudevshri Rakeshji, is a spiritual leader, mystic, scholar of Jainism, author and orator from India. Pujya Gurudevshri, Bhai, and ji are honorifics. He is credited in his books by this name. He is also addressed as Bapaji or Sahebji by his followers.

Spiritually inclined from a young age, he is a follower of Shrimad Rajchandra, a Jain spiritual teacher. He completed doctoral studies on Shrimad's work "Atmasiddhi". He founded Shrimad Rajchandra Mission, Dharampur which supports spiritual and social activities.

Lakshya Sen

Lakshya Sen (born 16 August 2001) is an Indian badminton player. Sen is a former world junior no. 1. He has won gold medals at the 2018 Asian Junior Championships in the boys' singles and at the Summer Youth Olympics in the mixed team event. He won the bronze medal at the 2021 World Championships and was runner-up at the 2022 All England Open. Sen was also a part of the Indian team which won the 2022 Thomas Cup. He also won the gold medal at the 2022 Commonwealth Games.

Jurmana (1979 movie)

Jurmana () is a 1979 Hindi romantic drama film. It was produced by Debesh Gosh and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Raakhee, Vinod Mehra, Shreeram Lagoo, A. K. Hangal, Asrani, Farida Jalal, Keshto Mukherjee and Asit Sen. The lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi and the music was composed by R. D. Burman.

Seemaraja

Seemaraja is a 2018 Indian Tamil-language masala film written and directed by Ponram, marking his 3rd collaboration with Sivakarthikeyan, after Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam and Rajinimurugan. The movie was produced by R. D. Raja.

François Antoine de Boissy d'Anglas

François-Antoine, Count of the Empire (1756–1826) was a French writer, lawyer and politician during the Revolution and the Empire.

Federal Protective Service (United States)

The Federal Protective Service is a federal law enforcement agency in the United States.

Blind (Korn song)

"Blind" is a song by Korn tmb from the 1993 demo Neidermeyer's Mind. It is one of the band's most famous songs. It reached number 15 on the Billboard charts.

Dvin (ancient city)

Dvin was a large commercial city and the capital of early medieval Armenia. It was situated north of the previous ancient capital of Armenia, the city of Artaxata, along the banks of the Metsamor River, 35 km to the south of modern Yerevan. The site of the ancient city is currently not much more than a large hill located between modern Hnaberd (just off the main road through Hnaberd) and Verin Dvin, Armenia. Excavations at Dvin since 1937 have produced a lot of materials, which have shed light on the Armenian culture of the 5th to the 13th centuries.

Pappelstadion

The Pappelstadion is a football stadium in the Austrian city of Mattersburg, Burgenland. It was the home ground of SV Mattersburg until the football club went bankrupt in 2020. It has a total capacity of 9,000 spectators. The Mattersburg Sportverein 2020 now uses the football stadium.
The Stadium was opened in 1952 as part of the club's 30th anniversary celebrations. The Austrian record champions SK Rapid Wien played the first match on the ground and won 9-3 versus SV Mattersburg. The multifunctional sports facility is embedded in a sports and leisure center. The numerous poplar trees that surround the area gave the stadium its name . It had also a cinder track. 

At the beginning of the 21st century the stadium was modernized in several renovation phases. Under chairman Martin Pucher the running track was removed and the large main stand and floodlights were built in 2001. On the occasion of promotion to the Bundesliga in 2003, two more uncovered stands were built. The stadium capacity was now 17,100 seats. After the SV Mattersburg left professional football, the stadium was reduced in size.

Castle in the Sky

Laputa: Castle in the Sky , released as Castle in the Sky in North America, is a 1986 Japanese animated fantasy adventure movie. It was written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It was produced by Isao Takahata, animated by Studio Ghibli, and distributed by the Toei Company. In voice acting roles, the original Japanese version stars Mayumi Tanaka, Keiko Yokozawa, Kotoe Hatsui, and Minori Terada.

Karin Schwartz

Karin Schwartz (born 23 August 1967) is a Danish taekwondo athlete. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event. She was named to the Esbjerg City walk of fame.

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1998 after winning bronze medals in 1988, 1992 and 1994. 

She founded the Esbjerg City Taekwondo Club.

Harsh Mayar

Harsh Mayar is an Indian actor working in Hindi Bollywood films. He won the National Film Award for Best Child Artist for his work in 2011 film "I Am Kalam".

Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès

Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès (3 May 1748 – 20 June 1836), usually known as the Abbé Sieyès was a French Roman Catholic "abbé", clergyman, and political writer who was the chief political theorist of the French Revolution(1789–1799); he also held offices in the governments of the French Consulate (1799–1804) and the First French Empire (1804–1815).

2048 (video game)

2048 is a single-player puzzle video game made by Italian website maker Gabriele Cirulli and put on GitHub. The main goal of the game is to slide tiles with numbers on a grid to add them to create a tile with the number 2048, but you can keep playing after you reach that number.

Gurjar clans

Gurjars or Gujjars, a tribe in South Asia, are divided in a large number of clans. They have as many as 1178 clans.

Théodore Vernier

Theodore Vernier (born 28 July 1731 at Lons-le-Saunier, Jura; died 3 February 1818 in Paris), Count of Montorient, son of Jean Baptiste Vernier, lawyer, and Claudine Leclerc, was a lawyer and "French" politician during the Revolution, the Directory and Consulate.

Jean-Denis Lanjuinais

Jean Denis, comte Lanjuinais (12 March 1753 – 13 January 1827), was a French politician, lawyer, jurist, journalist, and historian.

Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvray

Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvray (12 June 1760 – 25 August 1797) was a French novelist, playwright and journalist.

Louis Gustave le Doulcet, comte de Pontécoulant

Louis Gustave le Doulcet, comte de Pontécoulant (17 November 1764 – 3 April 1853) was a French politician. He was the father of Louis Adolphe le Doulcet and Philippe Gustave le Doulcet.

Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux

Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux (24 August 1753 – 24 March 1824) was a deputy to the National Convention during the French Revolution. He was later a prominent leader of the French Directory.

Magnus Chase and The Gods of Asgard

Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard is a trilogy of fantasy novels based on Norse mythology written by American author Rick Riordan and published by Disney-Hyperion. It is set in the same universe as the "Camp Half-Blood Chronicles" and "The Kane Chronicles" series. The first book, "The Sword of Summer", was released on October 6, 2015. The second book, "The Hammer of Thor", was released on October 4, 2016. "The Ship of the Dead", the third book, was released on October 3, 2017.

The main protagonist, Magnus Chase, son of the Vanir god of fertility Frey, narrates the novel in first person. He is a cousin of Annabeth Chase, a main character of the "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" and "The Heroes of Olympus" series, who links the two series together.

Pierre Claude François Daunou

Pierre Claude François Daunou (18 August 1761 – 20 June 1840) was a French statesman of the French Revolution.

Marie-Joseph Chénier

Marie-Joseph Blaise de Chénier (11 February 1764 – 10 January 1811) was a French poet, dramatist and politician of French and Greek origin.

Théophile Berlier

Théophile Berlier (1 February 1761 in Dijon – 12 September 1844 in Dijon) was a French jurist and politician, who was a member of the National Convention from 1792 until 1795.

Pierre Charles Louis Baudin

Pierre Charles Louis Baudin, born 18 December 1748 in Sedan, Ardennes and died 14 October 1799 in Paris, was a French revolutionary and politician. He is the father of the admiral and explorer Charles Baudin.

Baisoya

Baisoya or Basoya is a clan of Hindu Gurjars of northern India. The clan is mainly made up of Hindus but there are also some Muslims in Jammu and Kashmir. 

There are many villages of Baisoya Gujjars in Rajasthan, Haryana, Indian Punjab (Amritsar), Himachal Pradesh, Dehli and Madhya Pradesh.

James Cowles Prichard

James Cowles Prichard was a British doctor and psychiatrist. He was the first person to use the phrase “senile dementia.”

Prichard was born in 1786. His parents were Quakers. His father wanted him to work on iron but he decided to become a doctor instead. Prichard wrote a book called “Researches into the Physical History of Man”. In 1845, he was put in charge of several Insane asylums as a “Commissioner of lunacy.” Three years later, he died. 

Pritchard came up with the theory of Moral Insanity which said that there were some people who were sane but had no conscience. He called these people “morally insane”. 
FSA

FSA may refer to:


Julius Ludwig August Koch

Julius Ludwig August Koch was a German psychiatrist. He was born in 1841. His father ran an Insane Asylum. Koch became a chemist and then a doctor. Koch wanted to make Immanuel Kant’s ideas work with Christianity. Koch said philosophers criticizing Christianity was dangerous. He said the human mind was G-d giving humans Freedom.

Koch said that there were two types of criminals. Normal ones without any Mental disorder and Psychopaths. He also said that a lot of psychopaths weren’t the kind of people who would be found not guilty with the Insanity Defence because a lot of them were not technically insane. He still said that that people should want to helps Psychopaths get better instead of trying to punish them.

Koch said that there were Psychopaths who were born Psychopaths called “congenital Psychopaths” and that there were Psychopaths who weren’t Psychopaths when they were born but later became Psychopaths called “Acquired psychopaths”. Koch also said that Psychopaths didn’t have any hallucinations but that some of them had Moral Insanity. Koch said there were two types of Psychopathy called “Psychopathic disposition” and “Psychopathic degeneration”.

Kendujhar

Kendujhar also known as keonjhar is a town with municipality in Kendujhar District in the Indian state of Odisha. It is the administrative headquarters of the Kendujhar district. It is one of the fifth scheduled areas of Odisha. 

Mohan charan Majhi of BJP is the current MLA from Keonjhar assembly constituency. Mohan Charan Majhi won assembly elections in both 2004 and 2000. Earlier MLAs from this seat were Jogendra Naik of BJP (1995), C. Majhi of JD (1990), Chhotaray Majhi of JNP (1985), Jogendra Naik of INC(I) in 1980 and Kumar Majhi of JNP (1977).

Present MP from Keonjhar (Lok Sabha constituency) is Chandrani Murmu of BJD.

Some images of keonjhar.


Pseudophilautus dayawansai

Dayawansa's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus dayawansai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, 1679 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.5 – 26.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 30.1 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color with darker brown marks. There is a light brown mark on the back in the shape of a triangle. There are black-brown spots. The legs are dark brown with some dar red color.

People have seen this frog sitting in shrubs as high as 2 meters above the ground in cloud forests. Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", they hatch from eggs as small frogs and never swim as tadpoles.

Scientists named this frog after Nihal Dayawansa, of the University of Colombo.

Girolamo Luigi Durazzo

Girolamo Luigi Durazzo (Genoa, May 20, 1739 - Genoa, January 21, 1809) was an Italian politician, belonging to the noble Genoese family of the Durres, a dynasty that gave the Republic of Genoa eight dogi and other illustrious characters.

Ahrar al-Sham

Ahrar al-Sham is a group based in with multiple sub groups to fight against the government of Syria and fight against in the . The group's goals is to form a based on law. The group was originally a part of the Syrian Islamic Front from 2013-2016 but later split due to the becoming defunct. The group has alleged ties to Jabhat Al-Nusra and Al-Qaeda. The group pledged allegiance to Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham on the 8th of November 2021 but decided to remain a seperate group from Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham to prevent Ahrar al-Sham being designated a terrorist group.

The group's ideology is based off of a mix of nationalism, Salafi jihadism, and secularism. However some factions inside of Ahrar al-Sham are more secular or more Salafist depending on their views according to researcher Sam Heller. The group has issued condolences to Mullah Omar, the founder of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan after his death. 

We are Ahrar al-Sham (remix) released on the 21st of May 2023.

Woe upon you released on the 10th of September 2014.

God is great released on the 14th of October 2014.

We are Ahrar al-Sham released on the 18th of January 2019.

Call to Action released on the 26th of January 2020.

Self sacrificers (Fedayeen) released on the 6th of June 2022.

Tighten the Rows released on the 15th of June 2020.

To the Russians who have come to my homeland released on the 26th of September 2020.

Ahrar Elites released on the 27th of June 2022.

Ron van der Hoff

Ron Luitjen Lucia van der Hoff (born 26 March 1978) is an archer from the Netherlands. Van der Hoff competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Janus van Merrienboer

Adrianus "Janus" van Merrienboer (8 October 1894 – 12 October 1947) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Merrienboer competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Joep Packbiers

Jan Joseph "Joep" Packbiers (19 January 1875 – 8 December 1957) was an archer from the Netherlands. Packbiers competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Jacqueline van Rozendaal-van Gerven

Jacqueline van Rozendaal-van Gerven (born 20 February 1964) is a Dutch archer. Rozendaal-van Gerven competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Anita Smits

Adriana Gerarda Antonia Maria (Anita) Smits (born 22 May 1967) is a retired archer from the Netherlands. Smits competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Takes a Little Time (Amy Grant song)

"Takes a Little Time" is a 1997 song by christian singer Amy Grant and was released as a maxi-single and taken from her 12th studio album "Behind the Eyes". It went to number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay charts and number 14 in Canada.



Janus Theeuwes

Adrianus "Janus" Cornelis Theeuwes (4 April 1886 – 7 August 1975) was an archer from the Netherlands. Theeuwes competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Rick van der Ven

Rick van der Ven (born 14 April 1991) is a Dutch archer. Van der Ven competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Christel Verstegen

Christel Verstegen (born 27 March 1973) is a Dutch archer. Verstegen competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

List of Czech Republic Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Czech Republic Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Czech Republic after debuting against Austria in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 11 June 2023."

List of poets from Oceania

This is a list of poets from Oceania.





Other countries in Oceania, has famous poets.

Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)

"Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)" is a 1976 song written by Bee Gees and is the third single from their 13th studio album "Main Course". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 7 in New Zealand, number 61 in Australia and number 29 in Belgium.

Rajesh Gopinathan

Rajesh Gopinathan (born 1971) is the former CEO and Managing Director of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), an Indian IT services and consulting organization and one of the country's largest employers. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in February 2017 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer since 2013. Rajesh is one of the youngest CEOs in the Tata Group.

Lakshay Thareja

Lakshay Thareja is an Indian cricketer. He made his List A debut for Delhi in the 2018–19 Vijay Hazare Trophy on 8 October 2018.

Ravi Sinha

Ravi Sinha is an Indian Police Service officer currently serving as the secretary of the Research and Analysis Wing of India.

Nimal Piyatissa

Opanayake Nimal Piyatissa (born 5 January 1968) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament.

The Meaning of Meaning

The Meaning of Meaning: A Study of the Influence of Language upon Thought and of the Science of Symbolism (1923) is a book by C. K. Ogden and I. A. Richards. It was published with two more essays (written opinions) by Bronisław Malinowski and F. G. Crookshank. The conception of the book rose up during a two-hour conversation between Ogden and Richards held on a staircase in a house next to the Cavendish Laboratories at 11 pm on Armistice Day, 1918.

The original text was published in 1923 and has been used as a textbook in many fields, including language and science. The book has been in print continuously since 1982. The latest edition is the critical edition prepared by W. Terrence Gordon as book 3 of the 5-volume set "C. K. Ogden & Linguistics" (London: Routledge/Thoemmes Press, 1995). 

Richards explains in detail a theory of Signs:that Words and Things are connected "through their event together with things, their linkage with them in a 'context' that Symbols come to play that important part in our life [even] the source of all our power over the external world" (47).

The book later influenced A. J. Ayer's "Language, Truth, and Logic", an introduction to logical positivism, and both the Richards–Ogden book and the Ayer book in turn influenced Alec King and Martin Ketley in the writing of their book "The Control of Language", which appeared in 1939, and which influenced C. S. Lewis in the writing of his defence of natural law and objective values, "The Abolition of Man" (1943).
In 1975, Hilary Putnam published his book "The Meaning of "Meaning"", making a "direct" reference to Ogden and Richards earlier work.

The International Library of Psychology, Philosophy and Scientific Method

The International Library of Psychology, Philosophy and Scientific Method was a famous and important series of monographs published from 1922 to 1965. They were edited by Charles Kay Ogden, and published by Kegan Paul, Trench Trubner & Co. in London. This series published some important book on psychology and philosophy, especially the thought of the Vienna Circle in English. It published some of the best psychologists and philosophers of the time, such as Alfred Adler, C. D. Broad, Rudolf Carnap, F. M. Cornford, Edmund Husserl, Carl Jung, Kurt Koffka, Ernst Kretschmer, Bronisław Malinowski, Karl Mannheim, George Edward Moore, Jean Nicod, Jean Piaget, Frank P. Ramsey, Otto Rank, W. H. R. Rivers, Louis Leon Thurstone, Jakob von Uexküll, Hans Vaihinger, Edvard Westermarck, William Morton Wheeler, Ludwig Wittgenstein, J. N. Findlay and others. Most of the 204 books in the series have been reprinted, some in revised editions.

Listed alphabetically by author, with date of original publication (many have been reprinted).

Smoothie King Center

Smoothie King Center is a multi-use arena located in New Orleans, Louisiana that serves as the home for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The arena was also the home of the New Orleans Brass of the ECHL from 1999 until 2002. The New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League (AHL) played in the arena from 2004 until 2005, 2007 until 2008, and 2011 until 2015.

They first started to build the stadium on November 30, 1995. The arena opened on October 29, 1999 and the first event was a game between the New Orleans Brass and Baton Rouge Kingfish on October 29, 1999. 

On May 10, 2002, the league approved a deal that saw the original Charlotte Hornets move to New Orleans. The Hornets would move into arena but before they did, they told the state government to force the Brass to pay for upgrades to arena so it could change between hockey and basketball. The Brass could not do this and were forced to fold because of it.

The Hornets had their first game in the arena on October 30, 2002. In their first game, they defeated the Utah Jazz 100–75. When Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005, the Hornets temporarily moved to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. In March 2006, repairs would be finished on the arena with a new scoreboard and video displays also being added. The Hornets would return to the arena on November 1, 2006. They defeated the Boston Celtics 91–87.

When the arena opened, it didn't have an official corporate sponsor and was named the New Orleans Arena. On February 5, 2014, Smoothie King purchased the naming rights for the arena in a 20-year; $40 million deal and would rename the arena Smoothie King Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Royal Rumble in 2001, Extreme Rules in 2009, Hell in a Cell in 2011, Elimination Chamber in 2013, and .

BASIC English versus the artificial languages

BASIC English versus the artificial languages is a book published in 1935 by Charles Kay Ogden. In it, the author compares BASIC English with different artificial languages. He also explains why BASIC English is a better solution as an international language than other artificial languages and he criticises the authors of those languages.

Faris Odeh

Faris Odeh (3 December 1985 – 8 November 2000) was a Palestinian boy from the Israeli occupied Gaza Strip who became known as a national icon for a photograph in which he is seen throwing a stone at an Israeli tank during the Second Intifada.

Bangor Erris

Bangor Erris is a town in Kiltane parish in Erris, County Mayo, Ireland with a population of over 300. It is on the banks of the Owenmore River and is a "gateway" to the Erris Peninsula linking Belmullet with Ballina and Westport.

Neeru Bajwa

Neeru Bajwa (born 26 August 1980) is a Canadian actress, director and producer who has mainly worked in Punjabi and Hindi films. She started her career in 1998 with Dev Anand's Bollywood film "Main Solah Baras Ki" and then moved on to working in Hindi soap operas and Punjabi-language films.


Revanth Reddy

Anumula Revanth Reddy, commonly known as Revanth Reddy, (born 8 November 1969) is an Indian politician serving as the second and current Chief Minister of Telangana since 7 December 2023. He represents Kodangal assembly constituency in the Telangana Legislative assembly. He belongs to the Indian National Congress party.

Moksha (2001 movie)

Moksha is a 2001 Indian crime drama film produced and directed by Ashok Mehta in his directorial debut. The film stars Arjun Rampal and Manisha Koirala. The film won Best Cinematography and Best Audiography at 48th National Film Awards.


Ptolemy XIII (Pharaoh)

Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator, also known as Ptolemy XIII, was the Pharaoh of Egypt from 51 to 47 BC, and a member of the Ptolemaic dynasty. He was the son of Ptolemy XII and ruled Egypt after his father with his sister Cleopatra VII. However, a civil war happened between Ptolemy XIII and Cleopatra. During this conflict, Ptolemy XIII ruled with his other sister, Arsinoe IV.

Ptolemy XIII became the pharaoh of Egypt after his father Ptolemy XII died. Ptolemy XIII was only 11 years old when he became pharaoh, so his sister Cleopatra ruled with him as a co-ruler. Pothinus, a powerful advisor, helped Ptolemy XIII rule because Ptolemy XII was too young. 

Ptolemy XIII and Pothinus later tried to remove Cleopatra from ruling because she was becoming too powerful.

Ptolemy XIII and his advisor Pothinus made Cleopatra leave the country and started a war against her. 

Pompey who was a roman general came to Egypt looking for safety because his enemy Julius Caesar was chasing him. At first, Ptolemy XIII seemed like he would help Pompey, but then he killed Pomepy. When Caesar arrived, he was angry that Pompey had been killed and ordered his body to be found given a good burial.

Cleopatra was able to become allies with Juilius Caeser against Ptolemy XIII and Arsinoe IV. Caesar killed Pothinus and made Cleopatra the pharaoh of Egypt. Ptolemy XIII still wanted to rule Egypt, so he teamed up with his sister Arsinoe IV. They both gathered their supporters and fought against Cleopatra's army inside Alexandria. This caused a lot of damage in the city. 

When Roman soldiers arrived, there was a big battle called the Battle of the Nile. Cleopatra and Caesar won. After that Ptolemy XIII drowned in the Nile river. Some people think he tried to swim across the Nile River to escape , but we don't know for sure. After that, Cleopatra stayed as the only ruler of Egypt, but she made her younger brother Ptolemy XIV her co-ruler.

Archaeogenetics

Archaeogenetics is the study of ancient DNA. It uses molecular genetics and DNA. 
Ancient DNA can be got from fossilized specimens. Bones, eggshells, and preserved tissues keep some DNA. In plants, ancient DNA can be got from seeds and tissues. 

Archaeogenetics is a term of the archaeologist Colin Renfrew.

Syr Darya

The Syr Darya is a river in Central Asia. Its name, which comes from Persian, means Syr Sea or Syr River. It starts in the Tian Shan Mountains in Kyrgyzstan and eastern Uzbekistan, flowing west and north-west for about 2,256 kilometers through Uzbekistan and southern Kazakhstan. Eventually, it reaches the northern parts of the Aral Sea. 

The Syr Darya is one of the two main rivers that feed into the Aral Sea. The other is the Amu Darya. In the past, extensive irrigation projects took water from these rivers for farmland, leading to the shrinking of the Aral Sea, once the world's fourth-largest lake. The point where the river enters Uzbekistan from Tajikistan is the lowest elevation in Tajikistan, at 300 meters above sea level.

The local name Syr (Sïr) appeared in the 16th century. In the 17th century, Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur Khan, a historian and ruler of Khiva, referred to the Aral Sea as the "Sea of Sïr" or Sïr Tengizi.

The second part of the name, "darya," means "lake" or "sea" in Persian, and "river" in Tajik. This name has been used since the 18th century.

Imaginal disc

Insects have a three-stage development. They go from egg to larva to final imago (adult insect). 

In the pupa larval structures are broken down and rebuilt as adult structures. The imaginal disks are a key part of this. From them the adult structures are formed.

Hii King Hung

Hii King Hung (born 5 January 1971) is a Malaysian taekwondo practitioner. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantaweigt event. 

At the 1990 Asian Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in the -51 kg class.

She works for the Sarawak State Sports Council. 

Ravneet Gill

Ravneet Gill (born April 1991) is a British pastry chef, author of "The Pastry Chef's Guide", activist and television presenter. In 2020 Gill replaced Prue Leith to work as the judge on "Junior Bake Off" alongside Liam Charles and Harry Hill. 


Ivett Ayala

Ivett E. Ayala Alicea (born 17 October 1968) is a Puerto Rican taekwondo practitioner. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantamweight class. 

At the Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in 1986 and 1992. 

She is a Taekwondo Certified Official.

Varsha Adalja

Varsha Mahendra Adalja is an Indian Gujarati language feminist novelist, playwright and negotiator who won the 1995 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for her novel "Ansar".

Shelley Vettese-Baert

Shelley Vettese-Baert (born 24 March 1959) is a Canadian taekwondo practitioner. She won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight class. 

At the 1992 Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -65 kg class.

She was a teacher in Edmonton.

She held a training camp in Whitecourt.

2023 Kansas City Chiefs season

The 2023 Kansas City Chiefs Season is the Current Chiefs Season. They are Lead By Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce, And Chris Jones. They are coached by Andy Reid. 

Some Star Chiefs Include:

Akshara Haasan

Akshara Haasan (born 12 October 1991) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Tamil and Hindi-language films. She is the daughter of actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur, and the younger sister of Shruti Haasan

Joao Grimaldo

Joao Alberto Grimaldo Ubidia (; born 20 February 2003) is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Peruvian Primera División club Sporting Cristal.

Joao Alberto Grimaldo Ubidia was born in Rímac, in the department of Lima. Joao grew up in a Catholic family and in a home with average conditions.

Born and raised in the city of Lima, where Sporting Cristal agreed to discipline since he was 12 years old. After a rapid progression through the reserve team, proclaiming himself U-15 Torneo Centenario and , he made his official debut with the first team in November 2020 at the age of 17. That year he winning his first title in the 2020 season. Another season followed, in which Grimaldo managed to win the Torneo Apertura, Copa Bicentenario and would be proclaimed runner-up in the tournament.

Sporting Cristal


Rishabh Tiwari

Rishabh Tiwari (born 1 September 1993) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Chhattisgarh in the 2016–17 Ranji Trophy on 6 October 2016.

George E. Partridge

George Everett Partridge was an American psychologist. Partridge is known for having made it popular to use the word Sociopathy instead of Psychopathy. Partridge didn’t invent the word “Sociopathy”, Karl Brinbaum invented it in 1909.

Partridge got a Phd for studying drunkenness. Partridge also wrote about education and tried to figure out the reason for World War One. 

In 1928, Partridge started to study Psychopaths at a hospital. He said there were three types of psychopaths “psychopathic delinquents” “psychopathic inadequates” and Psychopaths who couldn’t control their emotions. Partridge said that most psychopathic delinquents were men and most psychopathic inadequates were women. Partridge said that Psychopathic delinquents were born Psychopaths and Psychopathic inadequates were born Psychopaths but that Psychopaths who couldn’t control their emotions were not born Psychopaths. 

In 1930, Partridge said that the only thing that all Psychopaths had in common was that they’re bad at living in Society and bad at understanding what society’s rules are for treating other people. So Partridge decided that Psychopaths should actually be called Sociopaths. He said that Psychopathy should be renamed Sociopathy. 

Hervey M. Cleckley

Hervey Milton Cleckley was an American psychiatrist who wrote a book called The Mask of Sanity about Psychopathy. Cleckley also wrote a book about a female patient with Multiple personality disorder which was made into a movie called The Three Faces of Eve.

The Mask of Sanity

The Mask of Sanity is a book by Hervey M. Cleckley. It’s about Psychopathy.

The book says that Psychopaths cannot feel normal emotions but they pretend that they do by copying everyone else and manage to trick everyone into believing that they aren’t insane. This is called having the Mask of Sanity. But because Psychopaths aren’t actually sane, they’re often dangerous mostly to themselves but sometimes to other people. 

According to the book, a person is a Psychopath if he or she is

1) Charming and smart

2) Not psychotic

3) Not nervous 

4) Not reliable

5) A liar 

6) A person who never feels Remorse or Shame

7) A person who doesn’t care about the rights of other people and doesn’t have any reason to explain why

8) Bad at learning from mistakes 

9) Egocentric and not able to love

10) Bad at understanding other peoples’ feelings 

11) Bad at realizing that he or she has a Mental illness

12) Someone who doesn’t normally react to other people 

13) Someone who often gets drunk or acts drunk even when he or she is sober

14) Someone who often threatens to commit suicide all the time but doesn’t actually do it

15) Someone who has sex with people he or she doesn’t love or care about 

16) Not able to follow any real plan for his or her life. 

The Canadian psychologist Robert D. Hare created the Psychopathy Checklist based on this book. 

Honeypot (computing)

A honeypot is a security method to catch a hacker in the act of using a service that is not allowed. A honeypot will typically be a website designed to look normal with information that is valuable to hackers. However, it is monitored and is usually able to track visitors.

A honeypot is used to distract or find hackers to prevent real attacks from taking place. A honeypot can also serve as a warning for potential attacks.

Taank

Taank also know as Takshak or Thak is a clan of the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India. They also know as Thikaria in some regions of Pakistan. They are mostly found in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir in India. They are also found in Pakistan's Azad Kashmir, Balochistan, and Punjab.
They claimed to be descended from the mythical Kshatriya family of Nagvanshi, also known as Nāgas.
Taank Gujjars are also known by various other names, such as Takshac, Taank, Tank, Tonk, Takk, Takka, Thak, Thakya, and Thikaria Thekaria.

Meelu

Meelu, (also spelled) Melu, Meehlu or Meeloo is a prominent clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjar ethnic community.
The Meelu Gujjars are the followers of Hinduism, Sikhism, Islam and they live In Indian Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Jammu Kashmir, Azad Kashmir, Pakistani Punjab, Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Gilgit Baltistan.

Vania

Vania, or Vanik, is a clan of the Gurjar community of Gujarat, India. They are spread across several Indian states, including west Punjab, Kashmir, Gujjarat, and Rajasthan. In Gujarat, they are a trader or a business community. Agriculture is practiced in Punjab and Kashmir.

They are predominantly Muslims in Kashmir and Punjab, and they follow Shaivism, some follow Vaishnavism of Vallabhacharya sect and some follow Swaminarayan sects of Hinduism in Gujarat.

In the ancient era, they migrated from the Marwar region of the present-day Indian state of Rajasthan and settled in Gujarat, where they belonged to the Gurjar race of northern India, and these Gujjars gave name to the Gujarat state as Gurjarashtra.

"Vania", "Vanik" or "Bania" are all terms for someone who deals in Banaj Beopar, or commerce (Trade).
They are a trader community who is generally a shopkeeper.

Bhatia

Bhatia is a clan found among the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India. They are mainly involved in agricultural in Punjab and Sindh region.

They are settled in Azad Kashmir, Pakistani Punjab, Sindh, Islamabad and Balochistan Azad Kashmir parts of Pakistan. They're also inhabit in Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Delhi and Indian Punjab. 

It is also believed that village "Adoana village" in Shahid Bhagat Singh district of Indian Punjab was founded by the Bhatia Gujjars where this clan is dominant in the area and hold major part of the land. 

Lobana

Lobana is a clan originally found among the Punjabi Gurjars in Punjab region of India and Pakistan.

Besides the Punjab region these Gujjars are also found in Kashmir, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, and Gujarat and they speak Punjabi, Kashmiri, Urdu, Hindi, and Bengali languages.

Vaghela

The Vaghela some time also refer as Baghela is a clan of the Gurjar caste of India.

They are found in Indian states such as Gujarat, Rajasthan, and some are even found in Pakistan's Punjab.

Pseudophilautus stuarti

Stuart's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus stuarti") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Corbett's Gap in the Knuckles Mountain Range, 1249 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.2 – 25.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 33.45 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is light green in color with some darker green. The eardrum is green in color. The mouth is yellow in color. The legs and toes are yellow on top and darker yellow-gray below. The sides of the body are yellow in color. There are white bumps on the belly. Parts of the back legs are yellow in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Doi (clan)

Doi is a clan of the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India.

Families related to this clan speak many local languages (including Kashmiri, Punjabi) and this clan is found in Punjab, Azad Kashmir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Islamabad regions of Pakistan. In India they found in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Dehli. They are a subclan of the Khatana Gujjars.

Doctor of Education

The Doctor of Education (Ed.D. or D.Ed.) is a research or professional doctoral degree that focuses on the field of education. It prepares the holder for academic, research, administrative, clinical, or professional positions in educational, civil and public institutions in most countries.

In the United States, the EdD tends to be granted by the school of education of universities and is a terminal degree in education. Majors within the EdD may include: counseling, curriculum and instruction and curriculum and teaching, educational administration, education policy, educational psychology, educational technology, higher education, human resource development, language, leadership or technology and innovation in instruction. 

The EdD is used for people such as a professor or lecturer in a university. It may also be used in administrative positions in education and human development field, such as superintendent of schools, human resource director, or principal.

English Pointer

The Pointer, sometimes called the English Pointer, is a medium-sized breed of pointing dog developed in England. Pointers are used to find game birds for hunters. Unlike other hunting dogs, such as Spaniels, they do not collect the birds that have been shot but they point out to the hunter where the live bird is hiding.

The most common belief is that the dogs like this breed were imported into England in 1719 by soldiers returning from Spain after a war and bred with local hunting dogs.

This dog is a medium sized hunting dog that wieighs between and stands between . Its is most commonly coloured brown and white, black and white, orange and white or lemon and white with speckles on the white fur.

The Pointer is usually a healthy dog with a kind nature, they need a lot of excercise.

Van Maanen 2

van Maanen 2, also called Van Maanen's Star, is a white dwarf star and the closest white dwarf to the Sun that does not have a companion. It is larger than the Earth but is two-thirds the mass of the Sun. It is 14 light years away and is in the constellation Pisces. It was once a star larger and hotter than the Sun (like Sirius) that became a red giant before becoming a white dwarf.

Ahmad Sa'adat

Ahmad Sa'adat () is a Palestinian militant and member of the PFLP a communist Palestinian group. He graduated from the UNRWA Teacher's college in the West Bank with a degree in maths. He later was elected to be the successor to Abu Ali Mustafa after the IDF killed Mustafa in August.

Climax (disambiguation)

Climax usually means the point of highest tension or suspense in a story.

Climax can also mean:







Toyota Center

Toyota Center is a multi-use arena located in Houston, Texas that serves as the home for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The arena was also the home of the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League (AHL) from 2003 until 2013. The Houston Comets of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) played in the arena from 2004 until 2007. 

The Rockets were told that their former home arena The Summit was too outdated to be a suitable NBA arena. NBA commissioner David Stern would say that "if there's not a new building...I think it's certain that the team will be relocated." The Rockets ownership would then look to build a new arena.

They first started to build the stadium on July 31, 2001. The arena opened on October 6, 2003 and the first event was a concert by Fleetwood Mac. The Rockets had their first game in the arena on October 30, 2003. In their first game, they defeated the Denver Nuggets 102–85. 

When the arena first started being built in July 2003, Toyota decided to purchase the naming rights for the arena and named it to the Toyota Center. Toyota bought the rights in a 20-year; $100 million deal and have their logo on the roof of the building.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the No Mercy in 2005, , the and events for TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs, Night of Champions in 2015, NXT TakeOver: WarGames in , Survivor Series in 2017, and Elimination Chamber in 2019.

Erwin Verstegen

Erwin Verstegen (31 July 1970 – 5 March 1995) was a Dutch archer. Verstegen competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Henk Vogels

Henk Vogels (born 19 June 1964) is a Dutch archer. Vogels competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Steve Wijler

Steve Wijler (born 19 September 1996) is a Dutch archer. Wijler competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Theo Willems

Theodorus "Theo" Willems (22 February 1891 – 12 April 1960) was an archer from the Netherlands. Willems competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Fred van Zutphen

Fred van Zutphen (born 7 January 1971) is a retired Dutch archer. Zutphen competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Through the Eyes of the Dead

Through the Eyes of the Dead is an American deathcore band formed in 2003.


Wonder Girl

Wonder Girl is the name of several fictional superheroines appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is the younger version and side-kick of Wonder Woman. The name was originally used by Princess Diana in her earlier years on Paradise Island with the other Amazons. Donna Troy used the name next, side-kick to Diana and founding member of the Teen Titans. Cassie Sandsmark is the third and current hero to use the name, daughter of an archaeologist named Helena Sandsmark and the deity Zeus; she is a founding member of Young Justice. Yara Flor is the fourth Wonder Girl, sharing the mantle with Cassandra. Her father is an Unnamed Brazilian river god while her mother is of the Amazons of the Amazon.

"Wonder Girl" was created by Robert Kanigher, first appearing as Princess Diana in "Wonder Woman" #23 (1947). "Donna Troy" first appeared in "The Brave and the Bold" #60 (1965). "Cassie Sandsmark" first appeared as Wonder Girl in "Wonder Woman" (Volume 2) #111 (1996). "Yara Flor" first appeared as Wonder Girl in "Infinite Frontier" #0 (2021).

An original version of Wonder Girl named Drusilla appeared in the "Wonder Woman" television series, played by Debra Winger. Donna Troy makes her live adaptation debut in the DC Universe series "Titans", played by Conor Leslie.

Donna Troy

Donna Troy is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an Amazon super-hero who began her career as the second Wonder Girl, but has also used several other names including Troia, Darkstar, Wonder Woman and Deathbringer. She was married to Terry Long, with whom she had a child named Robert; she also had a relationship with Kyle Rayner. She is a founding member of the Teen Titans, and has also been involved with the Challengers from Beyond, Darkstars and Justice League of America.

"Donna Troy" was created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani, first appearing in "The Brave and the Bold" #60 (1965).

Donna has appeared in many cartoon television shows and movies. She made her live adaptation debut in the DC Universe and HBO Max series "Titans", played by Conor Leslie in the first, second, and third seasons.

Kyle Rayner

Kyle Rayner is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the fifth Green Lantern of Earth, a powerful member of the Green Lantern Corps, serving as an honor guard, and is considered the greatest lantern. Originally given his power ring by Ganthet of the Guardians of the Universe after his predecessor Hal Jordan destroyed the Corps during Emerald Twilight, he was the last surviving torchbearer for many years until their return. The sentient willpower entity Ion possessed him and gave him incredible powers for a period of his career, but he was later briefly possessed by the fear entity Parallax as well. In his secret identity he is an artist, and uses his powers as the ultimate form of expression, constantly demonstrating his creativity and imagination during battle. He has also been a member of the Justice League, the New Titans, the Sinestro Corps and the Challengers from Beyond.

Kyle Rayner was created by Ron Marz and Darryl Banks, first appearing in Green Lantern (Volume 3) #48. (1994)

Tailwind CSS

Tailwind CSS is an open source CSS library, and their main feature is that they use utility CSS classes that can be mixed and matched and unlike most other CSS libraries such as Bootstrap, there is no predefined classes.

To make a button in Tailwind CSS you would use this HTML code:
<!--The style and script tags at the top are for offline mode users-->
<style>
html {
body {
hr {
abbr:where([title]) {
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
a {
b,
strong {
code,
kbd,
pre,
samp {
small {
sub,
sup {
sub {
sup {
table {
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
button,
select {
[type=button],
[type=reset],
[type=submit],
button {
progress {
[type=search] {
summary {
blockquote,
dd,
dl,
figure,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
p,
pre {
fieldset {
legend {
menu,
ol,
ul {
dialog {
textarea {
input::placeholder,
textarea::placeholder {
[role=button],
button {
audio,
canvas,
embed,
iframe,
img,
object,
svg,
video {
img,
video {
[hidden] {
 --tw-border-spacing-x:0;
.sr-only {
.mx-auto {
.mt-4 {
.block {
.flex {
.inline-flex {
.hidden {
.h-10 {
.h-5 {
.h-8 {
.w-10 {
.w-5 {
.w-full {
.max-w-screen-xl {
.flex-col {
.flex-wrap {
.items-center {
.justify-center {
.justify-between {
.space-x-3 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
.rounded {
.rounded-lg {
.border {
.border-gray-100 {
.border-gray-200 {
.bg-blue-700 {
.bg-gray-50 {
.bg-white {
.p-2 {
.p-4 {
.px-3 {
.py-2 {
.text-sm {
.font-medium {
.text-gray-500 {
.text-gray-900 {
.text-white {
.hover\:bg-gray-100:hover {
.focus\:outline-none:focus {
.focus\:ring-2:focus {
.focus\:ring-gray-200:focus {
@media (min-width: 768px) {
.rtl\:space-x-reverse:where([dir="rtl"],
[dir="rtl"] *) > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
@media (min-width: 768px) {

</style>
<script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>
<button class="bg-blue-500 hover:bg-blue-700 text-white font-bold py-2 px-4 rounded">
</button>
This will create a slightly rounded button that is filled in blue with the text "Button" inside it.

Result:

To make a navbar in Tailwind CSS you would use this HTML code:
<!--The style and script tags at the top are for offline mode users-->
<style>
html {
body {
hr {
abbr:where([title]) {
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
a {
b,
strong {
code,
kbd,
pre,
samp {
small {
sub,
sup {
sub {
sup {
table {
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
button,
select {
[type=button],
[type=reset],
[type=submit],
button {
progress {
[type=search] {
summary {
blockquote,
dd,
dl,
figure,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
p,
pre {
fieldset {
legend {
menu,
ol,
ul {
dialog {
textarea {
input::placeholder,
textarea::placeholder {
[role=button],
button {
audio,
canvas,
embed,
iframe,
img,
object,
svg,
video {
img,
video {
[hidden] {
 --tw-border-spacing-x:0;
.sr-only {
.mx-auto {
.mt-4 {
.block {
.flex {
.inline-flex {
.hidden {
.h-10 {
.h-5 {
.h-8 {
.w-10 {
.w-5 {
.w-full {
.max-w-screen-xl {
.flex-col {
.flex-wrap {
.items-center {
.justify-center {
.justify-between {
.space-x-3 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
.rounded {
.rounded-lg {
.border {
.border-gray-100 {
.border-gray-200 {
.bg-blue-700 {
.bg-gray-50 {
.bg-white {
.p-2 {
.p-4 {
.px-3 {
.py-2 {
.text-sm {
.font-medium {
.text-gray-500 {
.text-gray-900 {
.text-white {
.hover\:bg-gray-100:hover {
.focus\:outline-none:focus {
.focus\:ring-2:focus {
.focus\:ring-gray-200:focus {
@media (min-width: 768px) {
.rtl\:space-x-reverse:where([dir="rtl"],
[dir="rtl"] *) > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
@media (min-width: 768px) {

</style>
<script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>
<nav class="bg-white border-gray-200 dark:bg-gray-900">
</nav>
This will create a navbar with the Tailwind CSS logo with the selected page being blue (in this case home) and the rest being white on the navbar.

Result:

Alan Gillespie

Air Vice-Marshal Alan Kenneth Gillespie is a senior Royal Air Force officer. He currently serves as the Director of the Military Aviation Authority. Gillespie was commissioned into the Royal Air Force in 1988.

Bootstrap (library)

Bootstrap is a open source responsive mobile friendly CSS library along with optional JavaScript components. The CSS library was made for interface components such as buttons and navigation. Currently, Bootstrap is the 4th most starred library on GitHub with 164,000 stars. 

Kamilya Dosmalova

Kamilya Dosmalova (born 11 August 1992) is a Kazakhstani parataekwondo practitioner. She joined the 2020 Summer Paralympics in the –58 kg category.

Veeru Kohli

Veeru Kohli (born 1964) was a Pakistani bonded labor and human rights activist. She was known for starting to campaign against slavery after twenty years of living in bondage herself.

Norway women's national cricket team

The Norway women's national cricket team represents Norway in women's cricket and since 2018 they have played Women's Twenty20 Internationals. They played their first match against Austria in July 2019.

Arystanov Nurgali

Nurgali A. Arystanov - Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the Republic of Kazakhstan to the Republic of Korea.

Born on May 31, 1978, in the Kyzylorda region. Graduated from the Kazakh State National University named after al-Farabi and Johns Hopkins University (USA).

He began his diplomatic career in 1999 as a Referent to the Department of Bilateral Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2000, he went to work at the Embassy of Kazakhstan in Pakistan, where until 2004 he held the positions of Referent, Attaché, and Third Secretary.

From 2004 to 2005 he worked as the Second secretary of the Department of Asia and Africa of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2005-2009 - the Second and First Secretary of the Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in India. From 2009 to 2010 - First Secretary, Counsellor to the Americas Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2010-2017 he was the First Secretary and Counsellor of the Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in the United States.

From 2017, he worked in the Central Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan and until 2019 was the Head of the department and deputy director of the Americas Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. From October to December 2019, he served as Director of the Department for Asian Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. From 2019 to 2021, he was the Director of the Asia-Pacific Region Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

Before he was appointed the Ambassador of the Republic of Kazakhstan to the Republic of Korea, in 2021 he was the Director of the Americas Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

He has the diplomatic rank of Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Envoy of the II class.

Speaks English.

Middelbeers

Middelbeers is a village in the municipality of Oirschot in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, 3,400 people lived there.

Middelbeers was the capital of the municipality of Oost-, West- en Middelbeers until 1996 when it became part of the municipality of Oirschot.

Sang Guowei

Sang Guowei (Chinese: 桑国卫; pinyin: "Sāng Guówèi") (11 November 1941 – 7 December 2023) was a Chinese pharmacologist, physician and politician.
He was a native of Wuxing, Zhejiang and was born in Shanghai.

After finishing his studies at Shanghai Medical College, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. He led the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, a smaller political group in China. From 2008 to 2013, he held the role of Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
On 7 December 2023, Guowei passed away due to an illness "(which is not known)". He was 82 years old at the time of his death.

Heartbroken on the Moselle

Heartbroken on the Moselle () is a 1953 German romantic comedy movie directed by Kurt Hoffmann and was based on the 1932 novel by Rudolf G. Binding. It stars Will Quadflieg, Elisabeth Müller, Oliver Grimm, Renate Mannhardt and John Van Dreelen.

Win Maung (footballer)

Win Maung (born 12 May 1949) is a Burmese football player. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

J. Riccardo Benavides

J. Riccardo Benavides (born 1955) is a Mexican-American event designer and planner based in San Francisco, Bay Area.

Benavides was born in Northern California in 1955. He studied Interior design at the Rudolph Schaeffer School of Design in San Francisco.

Benavides is an event designer and planner and founder of an event management company, Ideas Events & Rentals where is also serves as the creative director. Benavides has designed events such as the Opening Night Galas for the San Francisco Opera, San Francisco Fall Art Show, The Fine Arts Museum Oscar de la Renta Retrospective, and The San Francisco Conservatory of Music Gala. 

Riccardo started his company, Ideas Event Styling in 1992 after his long service at the Hyatt. In the Bay Area, he is most known for his many years designing Opening Night Galas for the San Francisco Opera and the San Francisco Ballet; and has been the event designer for many events such as the Benjamin Millepied's Ballet, The Fine Arts Museum Oscar de la Renta Retrospective, San Francisco Edgewood, The League to Save Lake Tahoe Fashion Show, The Fall Antique Show, The San Francisco Conservatory of Music Gala, as well as other fundraisers including fashion shows, dinners and openings for the SF Opera and SF Ballet. As of 2023, Riccardo has been appointed by the Mayor of San Francisco as a Commissioner to the San Francisco Arts Commission.

Javad Mokhbery

Javad Mokhbery (born 1952) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He is the founder and current chief executive officer of FUTEK Advanced Sensor Technology.

Mokhbery was born in 1952 in Iran and moved to England at the age of 19 to receive his early education. Later, 1974, he moved to Detroit, U.S. and graduated from Lawrence Technological University with bachelors in mechanical engineering in 1979. 

After finishing his studies, he worked in Detroit and California for different sensor companies, contributing to projects such as the Discovery space shuttle. In 1985, he established FUTEK, initially focusing on cryogenic sensors for the Discovery space shuttle mission. FUTEK later created sensors for NASA's Curiosity rover, designed to function in the planet's low temperatures. These sensors monitored the rover's drilling arm, drilling force, and precision on the Mars surface. The rover landed in August 2012, and his company continues to collaborate with NASA on various projects, including the next-generation Mars rover's robotic arm, parachute sensors, and load cells for the International Space Station.

In September 2022, Mokhbery was honored in the LTU School of Engineering Hall of Fame. In November 2022, he participated as a candidate in the Laguna Niguel City Council election. Mokhbery supports the Saddleback College Foundation, Irvine Public Scholl Foundation, and Families Forward. In 2020, Lawrence Technological University established the Advanced Cybersecurity Computer Lab, made possible by a gift from Mokhbery.


Ptolemy XIV Philopator

Ptolemy XIV Philopator was the pharaoh of Egypt, who ruled with his sister Cleopatra VII from 47 until his death in 44 BC.
When Ptolemy XIII died in 47 BC, his younger brother Ptolemy XIV became Pharaoh with the help of his older sister Cleopatra. Ptolemy XIV was around 12 years old when he became king. Cleopatra and Ptolemy XIV were married, but she was still the lover of Julius Caesar. Some people think that Cleopatra had power and Ptolemy XIV was just a puppet king because of Egyptian tradition.

After Julius Caesar was murdered in Rome in 44 BC, Ptolemy XIV died too. It's not clear if Cleopatra killed him, but some people think she did it with poison made from aconite because she wanted her son Caesarion, who was born from her relationship with Julius Caesar, to be the next king. Cleopatra made Caesarion her co-ruler on September 2, 44 BC.


Abbotsford Canucks

The Abbotsford Canucks are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2021. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Abbotsford, British Columbia at the Abbotsford Centre. They are the AHL affiliate for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Utica, New York as the Utica Comets from 2013 to 2021. They decided to relocate the team to Abbotsford on May 6, 2021. The New Jersey Devils's AHL affiliate, Binghamton Devils would also relocate to Utica to become the new Utica Comets on the same day.

The Canucks are the first team located in Abbotsford since the Abbotsford Heat relocated to Glens Falls, New York to become the Adirondack Flames in 2014.

Netsurf

Netsurf is browser which uses homemade browser engine. The browser's goal is to be fast and small. The browser was created in 2002 for RISK OS because the OS's browsers were unable to load some web pages. Later they added Macos, and Linux support to the browser along with Amiga support.

Alexander Helios

Alexander Helios was a Ptolemaic prince and the son of Cleopatra VII and Mark Antony. Alexander had a twin sister named Cleopatra Selene II. Both of their names had special meanings; Alexander's last name (Helios) means "Sun," and his sister's last name (Selene) means "Moon." Cleopatra named her son after the famous leader Alexander the Great. It's not known exactly when Alexander died, but it might have been between the years 29 and 25 BC.
Alexander Helios was born in Alexandria around 40 BC. He was the second son of Cleopatra. Around 34 BC Cleopatra and her husband, Mark Antony, gave Alexander the titles of ruler of Armenia, Media, Parthia, and any lands between the Euphrates and Indus River that were still not discovered. However, these lands were already ruled by other people at that time.

In 33 BC, Alexander got engaged to Iotapa, a princess from Media. Her father was Artavasdes I. When Mark Antony and Cleopatra lost battle of Actium in 31 BC, They killed themselves and Lotapa left Egypt to go back to her father.

When Augustus won against Cleopatra and Mark Antony, he didn't hurt Alexander or his siblings. Instead, he took them from Egypt to Rome. He gave the children to his sister Octavia Minor to take care of. Octavia took good care of them and taught them well.

The only other information we have about Alexander Helios and his brother Ptolemy Philadelphus when they arrived at Rome is from Cassius Dio books. Cassius Dio explained that when Cleopatra Selene II married King Juba II, Augustus allowed Alexander and Ptolemy to live because of the marriage. Alexander is not mentioned in any more historical records after that.


Danhausen

Donovan Danhausen (born August 17, 1990) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Danhausen.

He has also spent time wrestling in Ring of Honor (ROH) and Full Impact Pro (FIP).

On January 26, 2022, Danhausen would make his surprise debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) at Beach Break. He debuted during the Lights Out match between Adam Cole and Orange Cassidy. Cole would end up pulling out a table out from under the ring that had Danhausen on it. AEW owner Tony Khan announced later in the night that Danhausen had signed an official contract to become a member of the AEW roster.

Danhausen would then try and fail to curse Hook. On the May 6 episode of "Rampage", he would try and get Hook to team with him against Tony Nese. Hook would refuse and Danhausen would try and befriend Hook by giving him a bag of chips. Hook would take the chips and leave. On the May 11 episode of "Dynamite", Danhausen would make his AEW in-ring debut. He would lose in 32 seconds after an outside distraction from "Smart" Mark Sterling. After the match, Nese would beatdown Danhausen and Hook would run-in to make the save before shaking hands with Danhausen. At the Buy In for Double or Nothing, Hookhausen (Danhausen and Hook) would team up and they would defeat the team of Tony Nese and "Smart" Mark Sterling. This game Danhausen his first victory in AEW.

At Fight for the Fallen, Danhausen would challenge Ricky Starks for the FTW Championship but would lose. Danhausen would then compete in a Grand Slam Golden Ticket Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW World Championship. The match would eventually be won by "Hangman" Adam Page. Danhausen would then decide to join the Best Friends stable.

On March 5, 2023 at Revolution, Danhausen would team with Orange Cassidy and they would compete in a four-way tag team match for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match would be won by The Gunns (Austin Gunn and Colten Gunn).

Robert D. Hare

Robert D. Hare is a Canadian psychologist who is known for having created the list that most therapists and governments use to figure out if someone's a Psychopath called The Psychopathy Checklist. He was a professor at the University of British Columbia

CosMc's

CosMc's is an American multinational chain of fast food restaurants. It is a spin-off of McDonald's. CosMc's sells sweet snacks and coffee and has been described as McDonald's counter to Starbucks.

On July 27, 2023, it was announced that McDonald's was going to start a new spin-off restaurant called CosMc's. On December 6, 2023, McDonald's said that they were going to open their first restaurant in Bolingbrook, Illinois. It opened on December 8.

President of the directory

The Directory was officially led by a president, as stipulated by Article 141 of the Constitution of the Year III. An entirely ceremonial post, the first president was Rewbell who was chosen by lot on 2 November 1795. The Directors conducted their elections


Gordian III

Gordian III was the youngest emperor of the Roman Empire who ruled alone. He was only 13 years old when he became emperor and ruled from 238 to 244 AD. His father was Junius Balbus and his mother was Antonia Gordiana. 

In 235 AD, a man named Maximinus became emperor after Alexander Severus died. 

The Roman Senate didn't like Maximinus, so when a rebellion started in Africa Province in 238, Gordian III's grandfather and uncle became emperors together because of the rebellion. 

The governor of Numidia, who supported Maximinus, ended the rebellion quickly.

Later, the Roman Senate chose two new emperors named Pupienus and Balbinus. They also made Gordian III a Caesar. 

Mximinus attacked Pupienus and Balbinus, but his army were not able to move through the mountains during winter. Maximinus army didn't have supplies after being there for four weeks, which made his soldiers unhappy and afraid. As a result, the second Parthian legion, which was a part of Maximinus' army, turned against him and killed him. 

Things were still bad for Pupienus and Balbinus because of many problems such as violence from military and a big fire in Rome in June 238. The next month, Pupienus and Balbinus were killed by the Praetorian Guard, and Gordian III became the emperor of Rome alone.

When Gordian became emperor, he was young, so the rich families in Rome took control of the government through the Senate. In 240, a man named Sabinianus rebelled in Africa Province, but he quickly lost. Gordian married a woman named Furia Sabinia Tranquillina. Her father, Timesitheus, became the leader of the soldiers who protected the emperor. He became very powerful and acted like the real ruler of Rome.

During Gordian's time as emperor, there were many strong earthquakes. The earthquakes were so bad that cities fell and were destroyed. Gordian read some old books for advice about what to do.

In the third century, the borders of Rome were not strong against attacks from Germanic tribes and the Sassanid Empire. Shapur, the ruler of the Sassanid Empire, invaded Mesopotamia. Gordian sent a large army to fight them. The Sassanids lost and were forced to go back across the Euphrates River. Gordian wanted to invade their land, but his wife's father died in an unknown way. This made it dangerous for Gordian and his army. The soldiers were happy that Gordian won and he had a big celebration. 

Two men named Gaius Julius Priscus and Philip the Arab became the new leaders of the soldiers who protected the emperor after Gordian wife's father died. Philip and Priscus helped Gordian start a second war against Shapur. The Sassanids fought back very strongly near a place called Ctesiphon.

It is not clear what happened to Gordian after this battle. Some Roman sources say that Philip made peace with Shapur in a way that was bad for Rome, and that Gordian died while they were leaving for home. Zonaras says that Gordian died when he fell off his horse during a battle. Shapur wrote that there was a big battle near Fallujah (Iraq), which resulted in a big Roman defeat and the death of Gordian III. Some people think that Gordian died at Zaitha because he was murdered by his angry soldiers. It is said that Philip brought Gordian's body back to Rome and made him a god.


Philip Rivers

Philip Rivers is an American former football player. He Played For The San Diego Chargers , Los Angeles Chargers, And Indianapolis Colts. He Retired In 2020. He Played College Football At NC State.

Daniel Garcia (wrestler)

Daniel Garcia is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), where he is the current PWG World Champion.

During his career, Garcia has been a one-time PWG World Champion, winner of the 2022 Battle of Los Angeles, and one-time ROH Pure Champion.

On the September 22, 2020 episode of "Dark", Garcia would make his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would team with Kevin Blackwood and they were defeated by the team of Joey Janela and Sonny Kiss. On October 19, 2021, it was announced by AEW owner Tony Khan that Garcia had signed a full-time contract to become a member of the AEW roster. On the August 10 episode of "Dark", Garcia would defeat Fuego Del Sol to earn his first victory in AEW.

On the January 12, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would face Sammy Guevara for the interim AEW TNT Championship but would be defeated. On the March 9 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would form a stable with Chris Jericho called the Jericho Appreciation Society. On the June 8 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would compete in a Casino Battle Royale to determine who would become the number two contender for the interim AEW World Championship. The winner would face Jon Moxley in the main event of "Dynamite" to see who would represent AEW at Forbidden Door. The match would eventually be won by Kyle O'Reilly. Garcia would defeat Wheeler Yuta on the September 7 episode of "Dynamite" to become the new ROH Pure Champion. Garcia would compete in a Grand Slam Golden Ticket Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW World Championship. The match would eventually be won by "Hangman" Adam Page.

At Final Battle, Garcia would lost the ROH Pure Championship back to Wheeler Yuta.

On the November 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would challenge Maxwell Jacob Friedman for the AEW World Championship but would lose.

Ifugao

Ifugao is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cordillera Administrative Region. The capital is Lagawe.

The Rice Terraces of the Philippine Cordilleras and Banaue Rice Terraces are the main tourist attractions in the province. These terraces were carved into the mountains 2,000 years ago to plant rice. In 1995, the Rice Terraces of the Philippine Cordilleras were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

In 2008 and 2015, the "Hudhud chants of the Ifugao" and the "Punnuk (Tugging rituals and games)" were inscribed in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage List.

Lagawe

Lagawe is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Ifugao. According to the 2020 census, 18,876 people lived there.

Isabela, Basilan

Isabela is a city in the Philippines. It is the "de facto" capital of the province of Basilan. According to the 2020 census, 130,379 people lived there.

Caraga, Davao Oriental

Caraga is a municipality in the province of Davao Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 39,704 people lived there. It is one of the oldest settlements in the island of Mindanao.

Boston, Davao Oriental

Boston is a municipality in the province of Davao Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 14,618 people lived there. It is named after Boston, Massachusetts.

Gorgol Region

Gorgol () is a region in southern Mauritania. Its capital is Kaédi. The Gorgol River is an important part of the landscape. Other major cities/towns in the region are Mbout and Maghama. The region borders the Mauritanian regions of Brakna and Assaba to the north, the Mauritanian region of Guidimaka to the southeast, and Senegal to the southwest. The Senegal River runs along the region's border with Senegal.

As of 2013, the population of the region was 335,917, compared to 310,656 in 2011. Elections for the region's government are had every five years. On account of the political instability in the region, the last elections were held in 2006.

Gorgol River

The Gorgol River is a river in southern Mauritania. It is a tributary of the Senegal River. The river is made by the confluence of the Gorgol Noir (194 km in length), with the Gorgol Blanc (345 km in length). The Gorgol River joins the Senegal River at Kaédi.

The river basin is important to the Mauritanian economy because of investment in the 1970s.

Anglo-Corsican Kingdom

The Anglo-Corsican Kingdom existed on the island of Corsica between 1794 and 1796. Officially,it was also known as the Kingdom of Corsica. It was a client state of the Kingdom of Great Britain. The state existed during the French Revolutionary Wars. In 1794, Britain sent a fleet to Corsica under Admiral Samuel Hood. It was during the fighting to capture Calvi that then-Captain Horatio Nelson lost the sight in his right eye. For a short time, Corsica was added to the dominions of King George III, chiefly by the exertions of Hood's fleet, and Paoli's cooperation.

The constitution was democratic, with a viceroy (Sir Gilbert Elliot) representing the King, an elected unicameral Parliament, and a Council that was the executive body of the Kingdom, with Carlo Andrea Pozzo di Borgo as procureur-general-syndic (chief of the civil government) and later president of the council of state, at its head.

Pasquale Paoli

Filippo Antonio Pasquale de' Paoli 6 April 1725 – 5 February 1807 was a Corsican patriot, statesman, and military leader who was at the forefront of resistance movements against the Genoese and later French rule over the island. He became the President of Corsica.

Mashable

Mashable is a news website and entertainment company founded in 2004.

Mashable was founded by Pete Cashmore while living in Aberdeen, Scotland, in July 2004. The early version of the site was a WordPress blog, with Cashmore as the only author. In December 2017, Ziff Davis, a digital media company, bought Mashable for $50 million.

Menger sponge

A Menger sponge is a square which is similar to itself. To make a Menger sponge, take a square, and cut a square hole in the middle. Repeat the process around the edge of the square 9 times. Do the same thing aforementioned infinitely.

List of Heads of state of Corsica

Corsica used to be independent. It had its own government.


Maguindanao del Norte

Maguindanao del Norte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in Mindanao. The capital is Datu Odin Sinsuat and the largest city is Cotabato City. It was founded on September 18, 2022.

Datu Odin Sinsuat

Datu Odin Sinsuat is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Maguindanao del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 116,768 people lived there.

Maguindanao del Sur

Maguindanao del Sur is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in Mindanao. The capital is Buluan. It was founded on September 18, 2022.

Buluan

Buluan is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Maguindanao del Sur. According to the 2020 census, 57,406 people lived there.

Shariff Aguak

Shariff Aguak is a municipality in the province of Maguindanao del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 33,982 people lived there.

Shariff Aguak was founded on September 11, 1963 as Maganoy. In 1996, the town's name was changed from Maganoy to Shariff Aguak.

Abucay

Abucay is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 42,984 people lived there.

Samal, Bataan

Samal is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 38,302 people lived there.

Sinestro Corps

The Sinestro Corps, occasionally known as the Yellow Lantern Corps, is a fictional supervillainous group appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is one of the ten Lantern Corps that draw power from the Emotional Electromagnetic Spectrum. They were created by the villain Sinestro to oppose the Green Lantern Corps, and they have been enemies of the super-hero Green Lantern. Their color is yellow and their power rings are fueled by fear, so their members are selected for their ability to inspire great fear in others. Their home planet is Qward and their representative entity is Parallax.

The Sinestro Corps was created by Geoff Johns and Ethan Van Sciver, first appearing in Green Lantern (Volume 4) #10. (2006)

Peter Ebden

Peter Ebden (born 26 August 1982) is a New Zealand archer. Ebden competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Neroli Fairhall

Neroli Susan Fairhall (26 August 1944 – 11 June 2006) was a New Zealand archer. Fairhall competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Pseudophilautus samarakoon

Samrakoon's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus samarakoon") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1,000 and 1,400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 22.4-24.6 mm long. The skin of the frog's back and tops of the legs is the white color of milk with light brown and dark brown marks. There is a dark brown mark between the eyes and another one in front of the eyes. The belly is lighter in color than the back. The front of the neck is brown in color. The webbed skin on the feet is light brown in color.

This frog looks different from other frogs in "Pseudophilautus". It is smaller in size and has flaps of skin on its feet.

People have seen this frog sitting on bamboo shrubs as high as 2 meters above the ground.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

2023-24 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2023-24 Red Bull Salzburg season is the ninety-one season in the existence of FC Red Bull Salzburg and the club's 34th consecutive season in the top league of Austrian football. Salzburg also participated in this season's editions of the Austrian Cup and the UEFA Champions League. 

David Wells

David Wells is a retired MLB baseball pitcher. He threw a perfect game for the New York Yankees playing against the Minnesota Twins. He had Tommy John surgery. He has played for the Boston Red Sox and the Toronto Blue Jays. 

Huntress (DC Comics)

Huntress is the name of several super-heroes and villains in the DC Comics universe. The original version is a member of the Batman Family, named Helena Wayne and written as the daughter of Batman and Catwoman on Earth-Two. She was re-written as the devout Catholic Italian-American Helena Bertinelli, the orphaned daughter of a murdered mafia family who grew up swearing deadly vengeance on the criminal underworld. Batman has frowned on her for her willingness to kill, although over time she has gotten used to more conventional methods of crime-fighting and found wider acceptance as a vigilante. The character has been a member of Infinity, Inc., the Justice Society, the Justice League, Birds of Prey, the Outsiders and Checkmate.

"Huntress" was created by Paul Levitz and Joe Staton, first appearing in "All-Star Comics" #69 (1977). Joey Cavalieri rebooted her in "Huntress" #1 (1989).

Gamora (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Gamora Zen Whoberi Ben Titan is a fictional character portrayed primarily by Zoe Saldaña in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. She was a former Zehoberei assassin and a former member of the Guardians of the Galaxy. She became the adopted daughter of Thanos and adopted sister of Nebula after Thanos killed half of her race. Gamora served him for years before betraying him in an attempt to free herself from his ways. She was hired to steal the Orb, and after becoming involved in the Quest for the Orb, she befriended the other members of the Guardians of the Galaxy. After the Battle of Xandar, she left to work with them all. Having made a deal with the Sovereign to kill the Abilisk, Gamora was able to regain custody of Nebula with the intention of finally bringing her to justice in Xandar.

However, her mission to punish Nebula was delayed when Gamora and the Guardians came into contact with Ego, the long-lost father of Star-Lord. While Ego claimed he simply wanted to bond with his son, Gamora was suspicious and, alongside Nebula who had freed herself, discovered Ego's evil intentions to destroy and rebuild the universe. Upon this discovery, the Guardians teamed up to destroy the living planet, succeeding with the help of Mantis, who joined the group, but at the cost of Yondu Udonta sacrificing his life. After Udonta's death, Gamora finally confessed that she had romantic feelings for Star-Lord and started a relationship with him.

Four years later, Gamora and the Guardians intercepted a distress call sent by Asgardians; Thor warned them that Thanos had begun searching for the Infinity Stones himself. Realizing what Thanos intended to do with them, Gamora led her friends to Knowhere to procure the Aether, only for both it and Gamora to be captured by Thanos himself. Thanos took Gamora to Vormir, where he sacrificed her against her will in order to obtain the Soul Stone, a process that trapped Gamora's soul inside the Soulworld.

As of 2023, Gamora has appeared in five films in the MCU. The character and Saldaña's portrayal have been met with positive reception. Alternate versions of Gamora from within the MCU multiverse appear in "" (2019), "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023), and in the animated series "What If...?" (2021). One version, voiced by Cynthia McWilliams, usurped Thanos's warlord position and is recruited into the Guardians of the Multiverse by the Watcher to help defeat an alternate version of Ultron.

Leif Printzlau

Leif Printzlau (born 16 December 1948) is a former Danish football player. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Ashington

Ashington is a town located in Northumberland, England. It had a population of 27,864 according to the 2011 Census. 

It is a small beautiful town. The people of Ashington speak a unique dialect of English known as Pitmatic. The town is 15 miles (24 km) north of Newcastle upon Tyne, west of the A189 and bordered to the south by the River Wansbeck. The North Sea coast at Newbiggin-by-the-Sea is 3 miles (5 km) away.

Ranipet district

Ranipet District is a district in Tamil Nadu. It is an industrial hub of Greater Vellore City. It is located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the Chennai city center. It is a major industrial town located on NH 4 Chennai-Bangalore highway, on the northern bank of the Palar River.The estimated population is 387,000 as of 2023.

Hythe

Hythe is the name of several towns near the sea, because in old English (Anglo-Saxon) its name means landing-place, port or haven. Many of these places in England are near the sea, but not all. Of course, the shoreline does gradually change.


Wetland is called in English "fens". Land draining for agriculture has made England much drier than it was a thousand years ago. The story of Hereward the Wake reminds us of how the land used to be.

Right Now (Korn song)

"Right Now" is the leading single from Korn's sixth studio album "Take a Look in the Mirror". It went to number 11 on the Billboard Alternative Rock chart and failed to chart in the United Kingdom and Australia.

List of country music performers

This is an alphabetical list of country music performers. It includes artists who played country music at some point in their career, even if they were not exclusively country music performers.



List of American female country singers

This is a list of American female country singers.



Climate of New Zealand

New Zealand has a temperate climate.
During the summer New Zealand has a subtropical climate. 
Winters are usually very mild, however inland alpine areas can experience freezing temperatures. 
Most places in New Zealand experience mild temperatures, moderate rainfall, and abundant sunshine.

The highest temperature ever recorded in New Zealand was on 7 February 1973 in Rangiora. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in New Zealand was on 18 July 1903 in Ranfurly. 

Releasing Eskimo

Releasing Eskimo was a small record label in Sweden. The label released experimental and avant garde music. The label released music from artists such as Brainbombs, Merzbow and Aube. The last release on this label was in 1998 by Fredrik Bergström under "No Festival of Light".

Anna of Austria, Queen of Spain

Anna of Austria (2 November 1549 – 26 October 1580) was Queen of Spain when she married her uncle, King Philip II of Spain. During the last days of her life she was Queen of Portugal for a short time.

Anna was the oldest daughter of a man named Maximilian II, who was the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire. Her mother's was Empress Maria of Spain. Anna was born in Spain when her grandfather Charles V was ruling there. When Anna was four years old, she moved to live in a place called Vienna in Austria. Anna was Maximilian's favorite child, and he liked to play and gamble with her. 

She also took a Catholic Education.
Anna's parents wanted her to marry a royal person from Spain because they thought it would make the families of Austria and Spain be friends again. At first, Anna wanted to marry her cousin Don Carlos, but he died. Later, when Anna's aunt wife of Philip II died and left two little girls, King Philip II needed to get married again because he didn't have a son. So Anna and King Philip got engaged in February 1569, and they married by mail in May 1570. 

Anna traveled from Austria to Spain with her brothers in the Autumn of 1570. The queen of England Elizabeth I sent some men named Charles Howard and William Wynter to help Anna on her journey through the Netherlands. Some people who knew a man named Floris of Montigny hoped that King Philip would forgive him because Floris had been in prison since 1567. They asked Anna to help them, but she couldn't save Floris because he was killed on October 16, 1570, before Anna could meet King Philip.
When Anna arrived in Spain, a new household was made for her with a lady named Margarita de Cardona who had been the lady-in-waiting of Anna's mother before. Anna knew Margarita from when she was a child in Austria. Anna was happy and made the Spanish court less serious. Anna and King Philip had a happy marriage. He loved her very much and she was his favorite wife. King Philip didn't have any other mistress during their marriage. Anna had five children, but three of them died before King Philip did. The youngest son became King Philip III after his father died. Anna was also a good stepmother to King Philip's other daughters. 

Anna died in Badajoz from influenza eight months after having a baby named Maria. Anna was buried in Badajoz at first, but later her body was moved to El Escorial. 

Megarock Records

Megarock Records was a Swedish record label located in Stockholm formed in 1991 which focused on heavy metal music. The label's last release was some time in 2003 by band "3 Inches of Blood".

YHLQMDLG 2

Track Listing


Norrmalmstorg robbery

The Norrmalmstorg robbery was a bank robbery that happened at the Norrmalmstorg Square in Stockholm, Sweden, in August 1973. It was the first crime in Sweden to be covered on live TV. The robbery is known as the origin for the phrase "Stockholm syndrome".

The perpetrators were Jan-Erik Olsson, who was on leave from prison in August of 1973 when he went into a Kreditbanken in Norrmalmstorg and tried to rob it. Police were notified shortly after and arrived to the scene. One officer got injuries to his hand when Olsson opened fire at him. Olsson took 4 hostages and demanded his friend Clark Olofsson to be brought to the bank with him.

Olofsson was brought as a way to communicate with police negotiators. Negotiators said that they could have a car to escape but could bring the hostages with them if they wanted to leave. Olsson called Swedish prime minister, Olof Palme to say he would kill the hostages.

On August 26, police drilled a hole into the main vault from above. Olsson then shot into the hole twice which wounded one officer. Olsson fired his weapon then threatened to kill the hostages if the police tried gassing them. Regardless, the police used tear gas, where Olsson and Olofsson surrendered after 1 hour, with none of the hostages having any permanent injuries.

Disposal of a Dead Body (Brainbombs album)

Disposal of a Dead Body is the sixth studio album by Swedish band Brainbombs released in 2013 by Skrammel Records on vinyl LP. It is their longest album to date, having 24 songs. The album is full of previously unreleased songs recorded between 2009 and 2012, with 800 copies being pressed on black vinyl and orange vinyl for pre-orders. The track "Kill Them All" shares the same name with the first song on Obey but apart from the name, shares no similarities. The track "Agony" may be the only instrumental track that Brainbombs has released.

Luzmila Abad

Luzmila Mercedes Abad Morocho (Luis Cordero, September 4, 1978) is an activist and Ecuadorian politician. Recognized for her prominent role in the network of Amazonian women and her foundational contribution to the Plurinational Pachakutik Movement, currently serving as an assembly member for the province of Morona Santiago.

Abad, born on September 4, 1978, in Luis Cordero, is the eldest daughter of Segundo José Abad and Delia Morocho. Although her parents resided in Chupianza, where she was conceived, public health reasons led to her birth taking place in "Cañar – El Cordero." Her birth certificate reflects the birthplace in El Cordero, but her identity has always been linked to Chupianza, an integral part of the Santiago de Méndez canton.

From an early age, she showed a commitment to social activism, encouraging women to fight for their rights since her motherhood at the age of 15. Her upbringing was imbued with the rich Shuar-Achuar culture, and from a young age, she evidenced a deep bond rooted in her community.

Her participation was prominent in national events, such as the release of Pepe Acacho during the government of Rafael Correa. She facilitated the process for the first-time registration of a Shuar, Marcelino Chumpi, as prefect in the prefecture of Morona Santiago. Additionally, she played a significant role in the election of Tiyua Uyunkar as the first Achuar prefect. She was involved in the defense of citizens' rights after the death of Bosco Wisum, leader of the Shuar nation. As an activist, she advocated for the promotion and protection of children's rights, contributing to improving the living conditions of children in the region. Currently, she leads the network of Amazonian women.

Abad studied at Julio Matovelle School in Chupiantza Chico and at the Logroño agricultural technical school, obtaining her high school diploma in agriculture. She started her professional career in 2005 as a political lieutenant in Patuca and, in 2007, served as a secretary in the prefecture of Morona Santiago during the tenure of Jaime Mejía.

Despite facing interruptions, her educational pursuit included studies at ESPE Universidad de las Fuerzas Armadas, Instituto Intel Com, and later a bachelor's degree in business administration, currently in its final phase.

With 28 years of experience in Pachakutik and 16 years in the provincial government of Morona Santiago, Abad played key roles, including assistant, communicator, and secretary. Her experience covered fundamental areas of governmental administration and oversight, standing out as an expert in citizen participation.

She resigned from her position on June 7, 2023, motivated by the cross-death decree issued by President Guillermo Lasso, to participate in the general elections for the Assembly.

Sami Sohail

Sami Sohail (born 29 January 2002) is a Malawian cricketer. He has played for the Malawi national cricket team.

Daniel Kaswanga

Daniel Kaswanga (born 1 January 1960) is a former Malawian cyclist. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Raphael Kazembe

Raphael Kazembe (born 24 March 1947) is a former Malawian cyclist. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Boston Simbeye

Boston Simbeye (born 24 December 1959) is a former Malawian welterweight boxer. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Chiukepo Msowoya

Chiukepo Msowoya (born 23 September 1988) is a Malawian football player. He plays as a forward for Mighty Wanderers FC and the Malawi national team.

Willard Van Orman Quine

Willard Van Orman Quine (; known to his friends as "Van"; June 25, 1908 – December 25, 2000) was an American philosopher and logician in the analytic tradition. He is recognized as "one of the most influential philosophers of the twentieth century". He served as the Edgar Pierce Chair of Philosophy at Harvard University from 1956 to 1978.

Quine was a teacher of logic and set theory. Quine was famous for his position that first order logic is the only kind worthy of the name. Based on this idea, he developed his own system of mathematics and set theory, known as New Foundations. In the philosophy of mathematics, he and his Harvard colleague Hilary Putnam developed the Quine–Putnam indispensability argument, an argument for the reality of mathematical entities. He had the view that philosophy is not conceptual analysis, but continuous with science; the abstract branch of the empirical sciences. This led to his famous quip that "philosophy of science is philosophy enough". He led a "systematic attempt to understand science from within the resources of science itself" and developed an influential naturalized epistemology that tried to provide "an improved scientific explanation of how we have developed elaborate scientific theories on the basis of meager sensory input". He also advocated ontological relativity in science, known as the Duhem–Quine thesis.

His major writings include the papers "On What There Is" (1948), which elucidated Bertrand Russell's theory of descriptions and contains Quine's famous dictum of ontological commitment, "To be is to be the value of a variable", and "Two Dogmas of Empiricism" (1951), which attacked the traditional analytic-synthetic distinction and reductionism. It wasa against the then-popular logical positivism, advocating instead a form of semantic holism. They also include the books "The Web of Belief" (1970), which advocates a kind of coherentism, and "Word and Object" (1960), which further developed these positions and introduced Quine's famous indeterminacy of translation thesis, advocating a behaviorist theory of meaning.

Weatherby, Missouri

Weatherby is a village in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Centerville, Missouri

Centerville is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Reynolds County.

Argos (retailer)

Argos Limited is a British catalogue retailer operating in the United Kingdom and formerly in the Republic of Ireland. Sainsbury's bought it in 2016. It started in November 1972 and is named after the Greek city of Argos. The company trades both through physical shops and online, with 29 million yearly shop customers, and nearly a billion online visitors per year. It has also franchised overseas to countries such as China.

Ellington, Missouri

Ellington is a city in Reynolds County, Missouri, United States.

Bunker, Missouri

Bunker is a city in Dent and Reynolds counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Mérobert

Mérobert is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mespuits

Mespuits is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Milly-la-Forêt

Milly-la-Forêt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Moigny-sur-École

Moigny-sur-École is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Les Molières

Les Molières is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mondeville, Essonne

Mondeville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Monnerville

Monnerville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Montgeron

Montgeron is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

The café "Au Reveil Matin" at 22 Avenue Jean Jaurès was the starting point of the first Tour de France in 1903. Montgeron was also the starting point of the 21st (and last) stage of the 2017 Tour de France.

Montgeron is twinned with:

Montlhéry

Montlhéry is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Morangis, Essonne

Morangis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Morigny-Champigny

Morigny-Champigny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Tahesha Way

Tahesha Leila Way (née Wright; born 1969) is an American politician, lawyer, and judge. She is the 3rd and current lieutenant governor of New Jersey since 2023. She also is the 34th and current secretary of state of New Jersey since 2018.

Way worked as a lawyer in Totowa, New Jersey, and as an administrative law judge.

Way was a member and director of the Board of Chosen Freeholders in Passaic County, New Jersey.

On September 8, 2023, Murphy appointed Way as Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey, filling the vacancy caused by the death of Sheila Oliver.

Morsang-sur-Orge

Morsang-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Morsang-sur-Seine

Morsang-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Nainville-les-Roches

Nainville-les-Roches is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Norville

La Norville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Nozay, Essonne

Nozay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ollainville, Essonne

Ollainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Oncy-sur-École

Oncy-sur-École is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ormoy, Essonne

Ormoy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boac, Marinduque

Boac is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Marinduque. According to the 2020 census, 57,283 people lived there.

Oriental Mindoro

Oriental Mindoro is a province in the Philippines on the island of Mindoro. It is in the Mimaropa region. The provincial capital is Calapan, which is the only city in the island and the regional center of Mimaropa.

Candon

Candon is a city in the province of Ilocos Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 61,432 people lived there.

The city is called the "Tobacco Capital of the Philippines". It is the country's largest producer of Virginia-type tobacco. Its patron saint is John of Sahagun and his feast day is celebrated every June 12. The name comes from the "kandong" tree, which is now extinct in the area.

Yoshihiro Togashi

Yoshihiro Togashi (born in 1966) is a japanese manga artist most known for "Yu Yu Hakusho" and "Hunter × Hunter. He is married to Naoko Takeuchi.

Mohammadhossein Khosravi

Mohammadhossein Khosravi (born 1 May 1999 in Ray, Iran ) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saipa in the Azadegan League . 

Khosravi has a history of attending Fajr Sepasi Club, Astara Municipality, Mes Kerman, and Niro Zami. 


Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis

Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis is a Palestinian resistance group in the Syrian Civil War created in 2012. The group is a offshoot of Hamas (denied by Hamas) which is a offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood. The group was later mostly dissolved in 2015 but 1 faction still remained loyal to Hamas and allied with other opposition groups such as Ahrar al-Sham and Al-Nusra. 

Again (Lenny Kravitz song)

"Again" is a 2000 song by Lenny Kravitz. It was the only single from his 2000 greatest hits album "Greatest Hits" and went to number 4 in the United States and Poland, number 1 in Italy and Iceland, number 5 in New Zealand and Croatia, number 2 in Portugal, number 10 in Spain, number 25 in the Netherlands and number 16 in Finland. It won a Grammy Award in 2001.

Australian CD single

Japanese CD single

UK CD single

European CD single

European CD single with free poster

Hassan Aboud

Hassan Aboud was one of the the leaders and founders of the Syrian Jihadist group Ahrar al-Sham and he led the group until he died in 2014. He was born in the year 1979 in Hama, Syria. He went by the alias Abu Abdullah al-Hamawi. He died by a bomb attack claimed to have been caused by the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and ISIS.

Pseudophilautus puranappu

Puran Appu's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus puranappu") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1800 and 2100 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 33.6 – 34.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 51.5 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is light brown in color with a dark red stripe from the nose to the rear end. The stripe can look like an hourglass. The sides of the body can be pink or yellow in color. The legs are dark brown-green in color. There is a mark between the eyes.

This frog is active at night, but people have seen it during the day. It sits on rocks in the shade.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Faye Johnstone

Faye Barbara L. Johnstone (born 6 November 1961) is a retired archer from New Zealand. Johnstone competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Dale Lightfoot

Dale Lightfoot (born 7 September 1964) is a New Zealand archer. Lightfoot competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Clyde Butts

Clyde Godfrey Butts was born 8 July, 1957 in Perseverance, Guyana and died 8 December, 2023 in Eccles, Guyana. He was a West Indies cricketer who played 7 tests from 1985 to 1988. He also played for Guyana and Demerara in first-class cricket. He was killed in a car accident on the same day as Joe Solomon passed away.

European microstates

A European microstate is a microstate that is in the continent of Europe. By microstate is meant by "a country with a population of less than one million people or an area of less than six thousand square kilometers". The impossible case is Iceland, when are there cities on the island which has an area of 103 000 km2, but it has a small population.


Skrammel Records

Skrammel Records is a Swedish record label formed in 2010 in Stockholm Sweden. It is operated by Robert Bäckström and Mattis Rundgren, Rundgren is apart of many bands, but more notably Brainbombs, Brainbombs also releases under Skrammel.

Supergirl (Kara Zor-El)

Kara-Zor-El is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is the heroine known as Supergirl. Born on Krypton to Superman's uncle and aunt, Kara was rocketed to Earth by her father to save her life. She was adopted by the Danvers family and became the protector of National City. In her secret identity she is Kara Danvers, a run-of-the-mill high-schooler. Possessing vast powers given by her Kryptonian physiology, Supergirl is one of the most powerful heroes in the world, and has been a member of the Justice League and the Red Lantern Corps.

She was created by Otto Binder and designed by Al Plastino. Danvers first appeared in the story "The Supergirl from Krypton" in "Action Comics" #252 (May 1959).

In live-action, Supergirl first appeared in the movie "Supergirl" (1984), played by Helen Slater. She later appeared in the television series "Smallville", played by Laura Vandervoort, and the Arrowverse series "Supergirl" (2015-2021), played by Melissa Benoist on the show and also appearing on other Arrowverse series. Sasha Calle appeared as Supergirl in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) movie "The Flash" (2023), in which Slater also reprises her 1984 role in a cameo appearance. An upcoming standalone movie featuring the character titled "", is in development as an installment of the rebooted DC Universe (DCU) media franchise, and will be portrayed by Milly Alcock.

Again (Alice in Chains song)

"Again" is a 1996 song by Alice in Chains and is the third single from their third studio album "Alice in Chains". It went to number 8 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1997.

Red Lantern Corps

The Red Lantern Corps is a fictional supervillain and sometimes anti-heroic organization appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is one of the ten Lantern Corps that draw power from the Emotional Electromagnetic Spectrum. The original was the Green Lantern Corps, and the Red Lanterns have been enemies to the super-hero Green Lantern. Their power rings channel the emotion "rage," and the Red Lanterns are chosen from the angriest sentients in the universe. Their home planet is Ysmault, and their representative entity is the Butcher. Atrocitus is their leader.

The "Red Lantern Corps" was created by Geoff Johns and Ivan Reis, first appearing in "Green Lantern" (Volume 4) #25 (2008).

Souvenirs (Brainbombs album)

Souvenirs is the seventh studio album by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. The release was hand pressed with 543 copies made in July 2016 by Skrammel Records.

Inferno (Brainbombs album)

Inferno is the seventh studio album by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. It was released on vinyl LP by Skrammel Records in 2017. A limited edition of 300 copies contained a bonus 7" "Trust Me".

Representer theorem

The representer theorem states that any function that takes the form:

formula_1

where formula_2 is any loss function and formula_3 is any regularization term, the optimal solution, formula_4, will take the form:

formula_5

Where formula_6 is a kernel.

Moka's Fabulous Adventures

Moka's Fabulous Adventures () is a French animated children's television series created by Andres Fernandez and Maxance Sani. The series was animated by Xilam Animation with the participation of Gulli. 


Dante Martin

Dante Martin (born March 3, 2001) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He has also appeared in matches for Game Changer Wrestling (GCW). Dante is best known for being one-half of the tag team Top Flight with his older brother Darius Martin.

During his time in AEW, Martin has been the winner of the 2022 Casino Trios Royale with his brother Darius and AR Fox, as well as, the winner of the 2022 High Flyer Award at the Dynamite Awards.

On the October 27, 2020 episode of "Dark", Top Flight made thir debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They were defeated by The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson). On the November 10 episode of "Dark", Top Flight won their firat match in AEW when they defeated the team of Baron Black and Frankie Thomas. On November 23, 2020, it was announced by AEW that Top Flight had signed a official contracts to become a members of the AEW roster. At Beach Break, Top Flight competed in a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by the Inner Circle (Chris Jericho and MJF).

Dante began to wrestle singles matches after his brother Darius tore his ACL in February 2021. Martin had his first AEW singles match on the March 15 debut episode of "." He lost to Max Caster. On the March 3 episode of "Dark", Martin earned his first singles victory when he defeated Jack Evans. On the May 28 episode of "Dynamite", Martin challenged Miro for his TNT Championship but was defeated.

He then began teaming with Lio Rush. On the November 24 episode of "Dynamite", Martin betrayed Rush and joined Team Taz instead. This later was revealed as a plan by Rush. On the December 8 episode of Dynamite, Martin eliminated his Team Taz teammate Ricky Starks from the Dynamite Diamond Dozen Battle Royal, betraying Team Taz and winning the battle royal. At Winter Is Coming, Martin faced MJF for the Dynamite Diamond Ring but lost after being distracted by Ricky Starks coming down to ringside.

On the March 2, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Top Flight competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by The Young Bucks. On the March 9 episode of "Dynamite", Dante faced "Hangman" Adam Page for his AEW World Championship but was defeated.

Dante returned to singles action because of Darius being out of action after getting into a serious car accident. During his second singles run, Dante entered the Owen Hart Cup tournament but lost in the first round to Rey Fenix. He also faced Scorpio Sky for his TNT Championship, but lost.

Maxim Gustik

Maxim Vyachaslavavich Gustik (; 1 May 1988 – 9 December 2023) was a Belarusian freestyle skier. As an athlete, Gustik won the youth world championships in 2006 and 2007. He made his debut at the World Cup on 1 March, 2008 in Moscow, where he took 10th place, thus gaining the first points in his career. His best achievement at the World Championships was a bronze medal in Kreischberg, Austria in 2015.

On 9 December 2023, he died in a traffic collision. He was aged 35 at the time of his death.

Sweet and Low (Deborah Harry song)

"Sweet and Low" is a 1990 song by Deborah Harry and is the fourth single from her third studio album "Def, Dumb & Blonde". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom and did better in Australia where it peaked at number 30. 

"All tracks (Deborah Harry, Chris Stein & Toni C.) unless otherwise noted."









Darius Martin

Darius Martin (born Seotember 20, 1999) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles on their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). Dante is best known for being one-half of the tag team Top Flight with his younger brother Dante Martin.

He has also appeared in matches for Game Changer Wrestling (GCW).

On the October 27, 2020 episode of "Dark", Top Flight made their debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They would team and they were defeated by The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson). On the November 10 episode of "Dark", Top Flight won their first match in AEW when they defeated the team of Baron Black and Frankie Thomas. On November 23, 2020, it was announced by AEW that Top Flight had signed official contracts to become a members of the AEW roster. At Beach Break, Top Flight competed in a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by the Inner Circle (Chris Jericho and MJF). Darius injured his ACL in February 2021 and Dante then fought in singles matches.

After Darius returned from injury, Top Flight was reunited. On the March 2, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Top Flight competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by The Young Bucks. Darius became out of action again after he was injured in a serious car accident.

After his return, Darius again teamed with his brother. On the November 16 episode of "Dynamite", Top Flight and AR Fox challenged Death Triangle for the AEW World Trios Championships but would be defeated. Top Flight
challenged FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the ROH Tag Team Championships on the November 25 episode of "Rampage" but lost. At Holiday Bash, Top Flight and Fox compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Battle Royal and threw out Claudio Castagnoli of the Blackpool Combat Club last to win the match.

Top Flight and Fox challenged The Elite twice for their AEW World Trios Championships but were beaten both times.

Bandar Abbas

Bandar Abbas () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of the Hormozgan province. Bandar Abbas is a port on the southern coast of the country, on the Persian Gulf. In 2016, 526,648 people lived there.

Bastak

Bastak () is a city in the Hormozgan province, Iran. It is the capital of Bastak County.

Shahr-e Kord

Shahr-e Kord (, also romanized as Shahrekord) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of the Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari province. In 2016, 190,441 people lived there.

Ben, Iran

Ben () is a city in the Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari province, Iran. It is the capital of Ben County.

Siquijor, Siquijor

Siquijor is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Siquijor. According to the 2020 census, 28,915 people lived there.

Issam Abdullah

Issam Bassam Hassan Khalil Abdullah (1986 - 13 October 2023) also known as Issam Abdallah was a Lebanese journalist born in the southern town of Khiam. He worked as a photographer and producer for Reuters. He was killed on 13 October 2023, while doing his journalistic work, after being targeted by an Israeli bombing near the village of Aalma ech Chaab.

Dalaguete

Dalaguete is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 74,596 people lived there.

San Fernando, Cebu

San Fernando is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 72,224 people lived there.

San Francisco, Cebu

San Francisco is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 59,236 people lived there. It has mainly Pacijan and Tulang islands, which are part of the Camotes Islands.

Lancelot Hogben

Lancelot Thomas Hogben FRS FRSE (9 December 1895 – 22 August 1975) was a British experimental zoologist and medical statistician. He developed the African clawed frog ("Xenopus laevis") as a model organism for biological research in his early career. He also attacked the eugenics movement in the middle of his career, and wrote popular books on science, mathematics and language in his later career.

He created an international language, Interglossa, as 'a draft of an auxiliary for a democratic world order'.

Hogben was born and gew up in Southsea near Portsmouth in Hampshire. His parents were Methodists. He attended Tottenham County School in London, his family having moved to Stoke Newington, where his mother had grown up, in 1907, and then as a medical student studied physiology at Trinity College, Cambridge. Hogben graduated as a Bachelor of Science (BSc) fom Cambridge in 1914. He took his Cambridge degree in 1915, graduating with an Ordinary BA. He had acquired socialist convictions, changing the name of the university's Fabian Society to Socialist Society and went on to become an active member of the Independent Labour Party. Later in life he preferred to describe himself as 'a scientific humanist'.

In the First World War he was a pacifist, and joined the Quakers. He worked for six months with the Red Cross in France. He then returned to Cambridge, and was imprisoned in Wormwood Scrubs as a conscientious objector in 1916. His health collapsed and he was released in 1917.





Dinagat Islands

Dinagat Islands or the Province of Dinagat Islands, is a province of Philippines in the Caraga region, situated south of Leyte Gulf. To the west is the island of Leyte, separated by Surigao Strait, and to the south is Mindanao. The main island, Dinagat, spans about 60 kilometers from north to south.

The name of the islands mean "of the sea" or "like the sea", which comes from the root word dagat ("sea") in the Visayan languages.

The Dinagat Islands used to be part of the First District of Surigao del Norte Province. It became a province on December 2, 2006, with the approval of Republic Act No. 9355. President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appointed the province's first officials on January 26, 2007. The first elected officials took office on July 1, 2007, after the May 14, 2007 elections.

However, on February 11, 2010, the Supreme Court declared the creation of Dinagat Islands Province null and void. This decision was not yet final before the May 10, 2010 elections. The elected officials continued to serve despite legal battles. On April 12, 2011, the Supreme Court reversed its earlier ruling, upholding the constitutionality of Republic Act No. 9355. The legal battles concluded on October 24, 2012, finalizing the separation of Dinagat Islands from Surigao del Norte.

In 2020, Dinagat Islands had a population of 128,117 people, with a density of 120 people per square kilometer or 310 people per square mile.

The original people of the province are called "Lumad," and residents of Dinagat Islands are known as "Dinagatnon". Most people in Dinagat Islands speak Cebuano, but those near Surigao del Norte's maritime border speak Surigaonon. Some areas speak Waray-Waray, Boholano, and Tausug languages. Many residents can also speak varying levels of Tagalog and English.

In terms of religion, the majority (53%) follow Catholicism, while the significant minority (23%) Follow the Philippine Independent Church. Other minority religions include Church Body of Christ-Filipinistas (12%), United Church of Christ in the Philippines (4%), Iglesia ni Cristo (4%), Islam and other smaller Christian groups.

Doom

Doom is another name for damnation.

Doom may also refer to:







Human development (biology)

Human development begins with the fertilization of a female's egg. 

The resulting zygote develops through mitosis and cell differentiation. The resulting embryo then sticks (implants) in the uterus. 

The embryo continues development after birth. This includes both physical and psychological development. It is influenced by genetic, hormonal, environmental, and other factors. 

Above all, humans have a brain which continues to grow after birth. That is how the species differs from the apes. It is the "solution" to the fact that a fully grown babies' heads would be too large to pass through the mother's birth canal.

It may be that the drying of the African climate played a part because it presented grassland instead of forests in many areas. Starting towards the end of the Miocene, African climate (which had been wet) became much drier. That offered a chance to proto-humans to move out of the forests onto the grassland. We know the climatic change took place because all the animals changed with it. Older types of (for example) elephants were replaced by elephants which had teeth suitable for eating grass. The change to a dryer climate happened more widely than just Africa. The Americas and Asia were also drier, and had faunal replacement also.

Ali Babacan

Ali Babacan (born 4 April 1967, Ankara) is a Turkish politician, economist and engineer. He is the founder and chairman of the Democracy and Progress Party (DEVA Party). Babacan, who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey and Minister of Foreign Affairs and Economy of Turkey for 13 years between 2002 and 2015, served as the 22nd, 23rd, 24th and 26th Member of the Turkish Grand National Assembly (MP). He served as a member of parliament from Ankara for a period.

In 2001, he became a founding member of the Justice and Development Party (AK Party). In the 58th and 59th governments, he served as the state minister responsible for economy. In the 60th government, he served as foreign minister until May 1, 2009. Between 2005 and 2009, he served as chief negotiator, the position in which negotiations on Turkey's full membership to the European Union were conducted. On May 1, 2009, he was appointed deputy prime minister in a cabinet reshuffle. In the 61st and 62nd governments, he served as deputy prime minister.

During his ministry, Babacan took on the task of managing the economic reform program supported by billions of dollars of IMF loans; The Turkish economy has made a significant recovery after two serious economic crises.

He was among the founders of the Democracy and Progress Party, which was established on March 9, 2020, and was unanimously elected as the chairman of the party. On December 29, 2020, at the Grand Congress of his party, Ali Babacan, who was only a single candidate, was re-elected as chairman by receiving 515 delegate votes out of 523 delegates. The party has decided to participate in the 2023 general elections, which it will enter for the first time, with a joint list. 25 candidate places were reserved for DEVA from the CHP (RPP) lists and 1 candidate from the Good Party lists. As a result of the elections, 15 candidate MPs were elected. Ali Babacan became the Vice Presidential candidate of the Nation Alliance (MİLLET), but Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu could not take a position in the cabinet because he lost the elections in the second round with 47.8% of the votes.

Pliosaurus

Pliosaurus was an extinct genus of gigantic plesiosaur from the late Jurassic of Europe and South America. Their diet included fish, cephalopods, and marine reptiles. 

Most European species of "Pliosaurus" grew to about 8 metres (26 ft) long and weighed about 5 metric tons (5.5 short tons). Some would have been the largest plesiosaurs of all time, more than 10 metres (33 ft) in length. Their teeth were triangular in cross section.

Akari Takeshige

Akari Takeshige (born 15 January 2003) is a Japanese professional footballer

Takeshige made her WE League debut on 12 September 2021.

Samar (province)

Samar or the Province of Samar, is a province of Philippines. It is part of the Eastern Visayas region. Its capital is Catbalogan. It's next to Northern Samar, Eastern Samar, Leyte, and Leyte Gulf, including islands in the Samar Sea. A bridge known as the San Juanico Bridge connects Samar and Leyte. Samar was created from the historical province of Samar in 1768.

The word Samar is thought to come from the Visayan word "Samad," meaning "wound" or "cut," describing the rough and deeply carved landscape.

Samar province is on Samar Island in the Eastern Visayas region, covering an area of 6,048.03 square kilometers. It is surrounded by Northern Samar to the north, Eastern Samar to the east, Leyte and Leyte Gulf to the south, and the Samar Sea to the west.

In 2020, Samar province had a population of 793,183 people, with 130 inhabitants per square kilometer or 340 inhabitants per square mile.

Most people in Samar are Roman Catholic (95%). There are also smaller number of other Christians and Muslims. There are a few mosques in Samar too.

The main language spoken in Samar is Waray, spoken by 90.2% of the population. Other languages include Cebuano (9.8%), Boholano (8.1%), Tagalog (0.07%), and various other languages (0.5%). Waray has two types: Waray Lineyte-Samarnon spoken in the southern part and Waray Calbayog spoken in some northern areas.

Christmas Time (Bryan Adams song)

"Christmas Time" is a 1985 song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams and became a popular Christmas song. It is the B-side to the single "Reggae Christmas", written by Jim Vallance in 1978 after a meeting with Ringo Starr. It went to number 2 in Norway, number 14 in Germany, number 17 in Austria, number 18 in Switzerland, number 19 in Sweden, number 26 in Ireland, number 33 in the Netherlands, number 39 in Canada and number 55 in the United Kingdom.



Ormoy-la-Rivière

Ormoy-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Orsay

Orsay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is the home to the Paris-Saclay University.

Orveau

Orveau is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Paray-Vieille-Poste

Paray-Vieille-Poste is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Pecqueuse

Pecqueuse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Plessis-Pâté

Le Plessis-Pâté is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Plessis-Saint-Benoist

Plessis-Saint-Benoist is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Prunay-sur-Essonne

Prunay-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Puiselet-le-Marais

Puiselet-le-Marais is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Pussay

Pussay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Richarville

Richarville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Roinville, Essonne

Roinville, also called Roinville-sous-Dourdan, is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Roinvilliers

Roinvilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saclas

Saclas is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Cyr-la-Rivière

Saint-Cyr-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Cyr-sous-Dourdan

Saint-Cyr-sous-Dourdan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Escobille

Saint-Escobille is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Cabo Frio

Cabo Frio ("Cold Cape") is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 230,378 people lived here and its area is 410.418 km². It has beaches with fine sand. The Cabo Frio International Airport is in the city.

Mistletoe (Justin Bieber song)

"Mistletoe" is a Christmas song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber and was released on October 17, 2011. It is the lead single from his second studio album and first Christmas album "Under the Mistletoe" (2011). It went to number 2 in Norway, number 6 in Denmark, number 9 in Canada and Sweden, number 10 in Finland, number 11 in Latvia, New Zealand and the United States, number 12 in Austria, number 16 in Ireland, Lithuania, Spain and Switzerland, number 19 in Germany and the Netherlands, number 20 in Australia, number 21 in the United Kingdom and number 24 in Slovakia.

Three Brave Men

Three Brave Men is a 1956 American drama movie directed by Philip Dunne and starring Ray Milland, Ernest Borgnine, Frank Lovejoy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Outfit (1973 movie)

The Outfit is a 1973 American crime movie directed by John Flynn and is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Richard Stark, pseudonym of Donald E. Westlake. It stars Robert Duvall, Karen Black, Joe Don Baker, Robert Ryan, Timothy Carey and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Cross of St. Peter

The Cross of St.Peter is a symbol, that looks like a Christian cross, but upside down. Saint Peter was an apostle, and a martyr. When he was sentenced to death, Peter requested that the cross be put upside down, because he felt unworthy of dying in the same way as Jesus.
The origin of the symbol comes from the belief that Peter the Apostle was crucified upside down, as told by Origen of Alexandria. The tradition first appears in the "Martyrdom of Peter". This is a text fragment found in the apocryphal "Acts of Peter". The text fragment may have been written eartier than the rest of the Acts of Peter. It was written no later than 200 A.D. Another important Christian who died in the same way was Saint Philip, the apostle.

South of Tana River

South of Tana River () is a 1963 Danish family adventure movie directed by Bent Christensen (who also stars), Henry Geddes and Sven Methling. It stars Poul Reichhardt, William Rosenberg, Axel Strøbye and Charlotte Ernst.

Biliran, Biliran

Biliran is a municipality in the province of Biliran, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 17,662 people lived there. Most people speak Waray.

Steamboat Willie

Steamboat Willie is a short film that Walt Disney made in 1928. It was about Mickey Mouse. It wasn’t the first Mickey Mouse cartoon but it was the cartoon that made Mickey Mouse popular. On January 1, 2024, "Steamboat Willie" entered the public domain.

Mickey Mouse is whistling on a boat but then Captain Pete yells at him for not doing his job of cleaning the boat. While the boat starts leaving, Minnie Mouse shows up but misses the boat so Mickey takes a hook from the boat and gives Minnie a wedgie to lift her onto the boat. Minnie takes her Ukuleles onto the boat but the goats on the boat eat Minnie’s music sheet, so Mickey uses the goats as Instrumentation so he and Minnie can play music. Captain Pete complains that Mickey isn’t doing his job and makes him peel potatoes. A parrot then laughs at Mickey.

Steamboat Willie led to cartoons with sound in them becoming popular and to Walt Disney making a lot of sound cartoons about Mickey Mouse who then became a popular character. Some people think that Steamboat Willie was Mickey’s name back then but it wasn’t. Steamboat Willie was the name of the boat. 

Toledo, Cebu

Toledo is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 207,314 people lived there.

Naga, Cebu

Naga is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 133,184 people lived there. It is within the Cebu metropolitan area. Naga was founded on June 12, 1829.

San Jose, Dinagat Islands

San Jose is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Dinagat Islands. According to the 2020 census, 26,375 people lived there.

San Jose is the home of the Philippine Benevolent Missionaries Association (PBMA).

Basilisa

Basilisa is a municipality in the province of Dinagat Islands, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 36,911 people lived there.

High Evolutionary

Doctor Herbert Edgar Wyndham, better known as the High Evolutionary, is a major antagonist from Marvel Comics.

He is a mad scientist wanting to make the perfect evolved human by mixing animal and human DNA together. He first appeared in "The Mighty Thor" #133 from 1966, before steadily becoming one of the many foes towards the Guardians of the Galaxy and the Avengers.

Chukwudi Iwuji portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023).

Maria Aurora

Maria Aurora is a municipality in the province of Aurora, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 44,958 people lived there.

List of secretaries of state of the United States

This is a list of people who served as the United States secretary of state.

Pseudophilautus newtonjayawardanei

Newton Jayawardane's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus newtonjayawardanei") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1800 and 2000 meters above sea level.

The adult female frog is 38.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is the color of bronze metal. There is a white stripe in the middle of the back. There are dark brown stripes sideways from the eyes to where the legs meet the body. There is a dark brown mark between the eyes. There are small bronze marks on the nose and face. The sides of the body are lighter in color with green and brown and white spots. There are brown marks on the legs. The ends of the toes are almost white in color. The webbed skin is also off-white.

This frog lives in cloud forests where the branches come together like a roof. People have seen it sitting on leaves 8 m above the ground.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Scientists named this frog after Newton Jayawardane, a doctor who helped save animals in Sri Lanka.

La Union

La Union is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Ilocos Region. Its capital is the city of San Fernando, which is also the regional center of the Ilocos Region.

Tephra

Tephra is fragmental material produced by a volcanic eruption regardless of composition, fragment size, or emplacement mechanism.

Urmia

Urmia () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of the West Azerbaijan province. In 2016, 736,224 people lived there. Lake Urmia, the second largest salt lake in the world. The majority of the city's people are Armenians, Assyrians, Azerbaijanis, Kurds and Persians.

Great Royal Wife

Great Royal Wife is the title that was used by the main wife of the pharaoh in Ancient Egypt.
In Egypt, most men were married only to one wife, but the pharaohs had more wives and women who lived with their main wife. This happened so pharaohs could marry the daughters of their friends of neighboring countries, which was common for ancient kings. The mother of the future king was not always the main wife, but after a pharaoh became king, his mother could be given the title of Great Royal Wife and other titles too. Some examples of this are Iset, who was the mother of Thutmose III, Tiaa, who was the mother of Thutmose IV, and Mutemwia, who was the mother of Amenhotep III.

Meretseger, who was married to Senusret III, might have been the first queen to have this title. However, she is only known from the New Kingdom, so it's possible that this title is not from that time. Maybe Nubkhaes from the Second Intermediate Period was the first person to have this title.

Evenes

Evenes () is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway. In 2022, 1,334 people lived there.


Vulture crown

Vulture crown is a crown that the great royal wives and important priestesses in ancient Egypt wore. It was connected with the vulture goddess Nekhbet. It looked like a vulture with wings hanging down on the sides.The crown was a symbol of protection. Sometimes the hat had another snake called the Uraeus on it too. This snake represented a goddess called Wadjet. 

In the beginning, the vulture crown was only shown in pictures of goddesses. But in the Fifth Dynasty, queens began to wear this crown all the time in their pictures.

The reason why queens wore the vulture crown was because the vulture is a symbol of motherhood. In ancient Egyptian, the word for "mother" is written with a picture of a vulture called mwt. 

As Nekhbet was a goddess who protected people, the vulture crown was connected with her. This made sense because the king was seen as a Horus, and the queen's role was seen as a protector.

One of the first queens to wear the vulture crown was Khentkaus Ii. In the New Kingdom, the vulture on the top of the crown was sometimes changed by a snake called uraeus. 

Antitoxin

An antitoxin is an antibody that can neutralize a specific toxin (or poison). Certain plants, animals, and bacteria produce them, when they are exposed to a toxin. Antitoxins can also be injected into another organism, as a treatment against an infectious disease. To produce an antitoxin, a safe dose of a toxin is injected into an animal. The animal will then produce an antitoxin. Later, blood is taken from the animal, and the antitoxin is extracted from it. It will be purified, and can be used.

SmileDirectClub

SmileDirectClub was an online dentistry company based in Nashville, Tennessee. It started in 2014 and went bankrupt in 2023. It made 3D-printed clear aligners for straightening teeth. They were sold in the United Kingdom for about £1,800 without the need to visit a dentist. It never made a profit and had nearly $900m worth of debt when it closed.

Agustín de Iturbide

Agustín de Iturbide (27 September 1783 – 19 July 1824) and later known as Emperor Agustín I of Mexico was an officer in the royal Spanish army. Iturbide born in what was then called Valladolid, now Morelia, the provincial capital of Michoacán, on 27 September 1783. He was baptized with the names of Saints Cosmas and Damian at the cathedral. The fifth child born to his parents, he was the only male to survive and eventually became head of the family. Iturbide's parents were part of the privileged landed class of Valladolid, owning agricultural land including the haciendas of Apeo and Guaracha as well as lands in nearby Quirio.

Iturbide's father, Joaquín de Iturbide, came from a family of the Basque gentry who were confirmed in nobility by King Juan II of Aragon. During the Mexican War of Independence and increased his influence outside the country. He even had credible plans for the reconquest of the old colony. For those reasons, no European noble would accept the offer of a Mexican crown. In Mexico itself, there was no Mexican noble family that the populace would accept as royalty. He was executed by firing squad on 19 July 1824.

His son Agustín Jerónimo de Iturbide y Huarte was the Pretender to the throne of Mexico and led a coalition of former royalists and long-time insurgents under his Plan of Iguala. The combined forces under Iturbide brought about Mexican independence in September 1821 A year later, he was proclaimed Emperor, reigning from 19 May 1822 to 19 March 1823, when he abdicated. In May 1823 he went into exile in Europe. When he returned to Mexico in July 1824, he was arrested and executed.

Andrew Lindsay

Andrew Lindsay (born 9 May 1976) is a New Zealand archer. Lindsay competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Robin Sampson

Robin David Sampson (born 23 November 1940) is a New Zealand archer. Sampson competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Spanish-speaking world

Over 600 million people speak Spanish. It is the fourth largest languages by number of speakers. It is the second largest language by number of native speakers. Spanish is the third widely spoken language.

Mexico is the largest Spanish-speaking country with about 130 million native speakers. There are 50 million native speakers found in Colombia, 47 million in Spain, 45 million in Argentina and 42 million in the United States.

In the European Union, Spanish is one of the 24 official languages and widely used in some institutions, and by almost all of the population in Spain and Andorra. It is a second language in some member states.

Estimates that include second language speaking vary greatly, from 360 million speakers to more than 500 million speakers. When combining native speakers and non-native speakers, Spanish is the fourth widely most spoken language worldwide.

Besides main dialects of Spanish, countries such as the United States, the Philippines, Equatorial Guinea, Paraguay, Uruguay and Nicaragua have millions of native speakers of dialect continua. These versions range from Spanish based creole languages to Standard Spanish. Other countries such as Peru and Bolivia also use Spanish as their primary official languages.

The United States now claims to be the second largest Spanish-speaking country in the world. The most reliable estimate is that 20% of the population or 70 million people speak Spanish, second only to Mexico. It may be two times larger in the next decade from 2022.

Fantômas (band)

Fantômas (also spelled as Fantomas) is an American heavy metal supergroup formed in 1998 in California. It has vocalist Mike Patton, drummer Dave Lombardo, guitarist Buzz Osborne and bassist Trevor Dunn. The band is named after Fantômas, a crime fiction character from France.

1999 - "Fantômas"

2001 - "The Director's Cut"

2004 - "Delìrium Còrdia"

2005 - "Suspended Animation"

Ant-Man (Scott Lang)

Ant-Man (real name Scott Edward Harris Lang) is a fictional character and superhero who appears in Marvel Comics universe. Scott was a reformed thief who became the second Ant-Man after the original superhero, Dr. Henry "Hank" Pym, and later became a member of the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Nova Corps and Heroes for Hire.

The character was created by David Michelinie and John Byrne, and first appeared in "Avengers #181" in March of 1979, and appeared as Ant-Man in "Marvel Premiere #47" in April of 1979.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, he is portrayed by Paul Rudd in the titular movie "Ant-Man", its sequel "Ant-Man and the Wasp", and is a major character in "", and "". He returned in the third "Ant-Man" sequel, which is titled "".

Crispin Freeman voiced the character in "". Grant George has famously voiced the character in "" seasons 1-2, "Ultimate Spider-Man", "", and "Guardians of the Galaxy", as Josh Keaton voiced him in "", and Disney XD animated shorts.

Hank Pym

Dr. Henry Jonathan "Hank" Pym is a fictional character and superhero from the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as one of the main protagonists of the "Avengers" comics, and the main protagonist when he appeared in the "Tales of Astonish" and his titular comics.

He is a scientist who discovered the Pym Particles, a rare group of subatomic particles that he was cable to entrap and used to shrink or grow. He is the first character who has taken on the role of Ant-Man. During his early tenure, he would meet Janet van Dyne, his partner and later wife, who became "The Wasp" and could also grow big or shrink small. Pym's also a founding member of the Avengers, and has been a member of the Defenders, Secret Defenders, West Coast Avengers, Mighty Avengers, Illuminati, and Knights of the Atomic Round Table.

He was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby, and Larry Lieber, and first appeared in "Tales to Astonish #27" in January of 1962.

Since the character's appearance in the comics, Hank Pym has appeared in numerous media over the years, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where he is portrayed by Michael Douglas.

Hope van Dyne

Hope van Dyne is a fictional character played by Canadian actress Evangeline Lilly in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie franchise, loosely based of the Marvel Comics character Hope Pym. She is the daughter of Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne, and a former chairwoman of the board of Pym Technologies. When Darren Cross attempted to create and sell a new weapon based on her father's Ant-Man Suit, van Dyne reunited with her father and, along with Scott Lang who succeeded Hank as Ant-Man, was able to defeat Cross. After these events, Pym found the possibility of saving his wife due to Lang's first experience in the Quantum Realm, from which van Dyne was finally being offered by her father a suit that belonged to her mother, therefore taking on the name of Wasp.

Over the course of another year, van Dyne would train alongside Lang, while forming a romantic relationship with him, until she broke up because Lang's actions during the Clash of the Avengers resulted in her and her father being wanted by the FBI. Two years later, van Dyne, Pym, and Lang successfully managed to retrieve her mother from the Quantum Realm and also faced Ava Starr when she became a threat to their plan of rescue. Van Dyne also reconciled with Lang and resumed their relationship.

Alongside her parents, van Dyne was among the half the population who turned to dust following Thanos' Snap. Five years later, during the Battle of Earth, van Dyne was resurrected, where she aided the Avengers in defeating Thanos and his army. After Thanos' army was disintegrated, van Dyne attended Tony Stark's funeral with Lang and her parents and later returned home to San Francisco to celebrate their victory with Cassie Lang.

Dralístico

Carlos Muñoz González (born 1991) is a Mexican masked luchador. He is better known by his ring name Dralístico. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles for their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH) and Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA).

Dralístico has previously wrestled for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). In CMLL, he wrestled under the ring names Dragon Lee and Místico. He wrestled under the mask and name of Místico after the original Místico went to WWE as Sin Cara.

During his time in AAA, Dralístico was a one-time AAA World Tag Team Champion. In CMLL, he was a one-time CMLL World Tag Team Champion, two-time CMLL World Trios Champion, and a one-time CMLL World Welterweight Champion.

On September 4, 2021, Dralístico would be announced as a new member of the stable La Facción Ingobernable. At Héroes Inmortales XIV on October 9, he would make his Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) debut.

At Noche de Campeones, Hermanos Lee (Dragon Lee & Dralistico) would defeat FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) to become the new AAA World Tag Team Champions. When Dragon Lee announced he was signing with WWE, Hermanos Lee vacated the championships.

On December 23, 2022 at Holiday Bash, Dralístico would make his All Elite Wrestling (AEW) debut. He would team with La Facción Ingobernable and they would compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Battle Royal. The match would be won by Top Flight (Dante and Darius Martin) and AR Fox. On the December 26 episode of "", Dralístico would get his first victory in AEW when he defeated Blake Christian. At Battle Of The Belts VI, he would challenge Orange Cassidy for his AEW International Championship but would lose.

At Full Gear, Dralístico and Rush would compete in a four-way tag team ladder match for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but would lose.

González's father Arturo Muñoz Sánchez was also a professional wrestler and performed under the names Toro Blanco, Poder Boriqua, Poder Mexico, Comandante Pierroth, and La Bestia del Ring. Both his older and younger brothers are also professional wrestlers. They compete under the ring names Rush and Dragon Lee respectively.

X-Force

X-Force is a fictional team of mutants from the Marvel Comics universe that deals with covert black-ops missions against all kinds of threats whether they be mutant terrorists to anti-mutant groups. X-Force differs from the main X-Men as unlike their more heroic counterparts, X-Force are anti-heroes in nature and are more militant, aggressive, and lethal. Despite this the team has featured some X-Men members over the years most notably Wolverine, X-23, Archangel, Psylocke, Warpath, the Age of Apocalypse version of Nightcrawler, and even Storm.

Younger Now (song)

"Younger Now" is a 2017 song by Miley Cyrus and is the title track to her sixth studio album "Younger Now". It went to number 79 in the United Kingdom, number 54 in the United States, number 49 in Australia, number 48 in Canada and number 64 in Japan.

Digital download (the remixes EP)

Endless Summer Vacation

Endless Summer Vacation is the 2023 album by American singer Miley Cyrus. It is the eighth studio album released on March 10,2023.
It is her first new body of work since leaving RCA Records after her seventh studio album Plastic Hearts (2020) and signing with Columbia in early 2021.

The album was supported by three singles. The lead single, "Flowers", set several streaming and chart records and spent eight weeks atop the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, marking Cyrus's second number-one in the country, and topped the charts in 36 other countries. "River" and "Jaded" followed as subsequent singles in March and April 2023.

The album included the following songs:
ferences ==

Now Business News Channel

Now Business News Channel (:now财经台) ,It is the first self-made TV channel of now TV in Hong Kong. It was launched at 09:00 on March 20, 2006 and officially launched at 10:00 on the same day.

List of Oggy and the Cockroaches episodes

Oggy and the Cockroaches is a French animated television series. This is a list of episodes.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<noinclude>

2013–14 Luton Town F.C. season

The 2013–<dfn>14 season</dfn> was the <dfn>128th in the</dfn> history of Luton Town Football Club and the club's fifth consecutive season in non-League football following a mid-table finish in the 2012–13 campaign. Luton won promotion to the Football League and were crowned Conference Premier champions.

Dreams of Ordinary Men (song)

"Dreams of Ordinary Men" is a 1986 song by New Zealand group Dragon and is the title track to their eighth studio album "Dreams of Ordinary Men". It went to number 17 in Australia and number 43 in New Zealand. It was written by Todd Rundgren.



I Want That Man

"I Want That Man" is a 1989 song by Deborah Harry and is the leading single from her third studio album "Def, Dumb & Blonde". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Australia, number 8 in New Zealand, number 7 in Ireland and number 48 in Belgium. It also went to number 2 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.

"I Want That Man" was written by Tom Bailey and Alannah Currie. "Bike Boy" was written by Deborah Harry and Chris Stein.

US and Australian 7-inch and cassette single

US 12-inch single

US CD single

UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK and Australian 12-inch single, UK CD single
UK and Australian CD single

European CD single

Cleopatra III

Cleopatra III was a queen of Egypt. She ruled at first with her mother Cleopatra II and husband Ptolemy VIII from 142 to 131 BC and again from 127 to 116 BC. She then ruled with her sons Ptolemy IX and Ptolemy X from 116 to 101 BC.

Cleopatra III's uncle Ptolemy VIII ruled with her parents from around 170 BC to 164 BC. Then, he kicked out Cleopatra II and Ptolemy VI. But Ptolemy VIII later had to leave the throne in 163 BC. 

Clelopatra II and Ptolemy VI took back the throne and ruled for almost 20 years until 145 BC. Cleopatra III was born during this time, between 160 and 155 BC. She had four siblings: Ptolemy Eupator, Cleopatra Thea, Ptolemy VII Neos Philopator, and maybe Berenice. Ptolemy VI died in 145 BC because he got hurt when he fell off his horse during a battle against Alexander Balas. After that, Cleopatra III's uncle Ptolemy VIII became the king of Egypt again.
In the year 145 BC, Ptolemy VIII married Cleopatra II's mom. Later, around 139 BC, he married Cleopatra III. Cleopatra II didn't like Ptolemy VIII, so she rebelled against him around 132 BC. Cleopatra III had to leave Alexandria and go to Cyprus with her husband in 130 BC. But in 127 BC, she was able to go back to Alexandria. Around 124 BC, Cleopatra III and her husband were living with Cleopatra II again as joint rulers. 
In the year 116 BC, Ptolemy VIII died. After that, Cleopatra III ruled with her mother Cleopatra II and her son Ptolemy IX. Cleopatra II died that year or early the next year (115 BC).

Cleopatra III made Ptolemy IX leave Alexandria in the year 107 BC and replaced him with her second son, Ptolemy X. They ruled together for six years. After that, Ptolemy X killed his mother Cleopatra III in the year 101 BC. Cleopatra III was then succeeded by Ptolemy X, possibly ruling together with his wife Berenice III, who was the granddaughter of Cleopatra III.

Aalma ech Chaab

Aalma ech Chaab (Arabic: علما الشعب) is a village in the Tyre District, in Southern Lebanon. It is 110 km (68.354 mi) away from Beirut, the capital of Lebanon.

2022–23 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2022–23 season is the 90th season for the Austrian football club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the club's 34th consecutive season in the top league of Austrian football. Salzburg also participated in this season's editions of the Austrian Cup and the UEFA Champions League. The title was the 10th in a row.

Christian Party (UK)

The Christian Party (also the Scottish Christian Party and Welsh Christian Party ) is a minor political party in Great Britain. 

It started in May 2004 in Stornoway by George Hargreaves, a Pentecostal minister. It was then called Operation Christian Vote. It contested the 2004 European Elections in the Scotland constituency. It got 1.8% of the popular vote. Candidates have stood at various bye-elections since then. In the 2009 European elections they got 51,336 votes (2.9%).in the London region. Except in Na h-Eileanan an Iar they have usually lost their deposits.

Jawad El Yamiq

Jawad El Yamiq (; born 29 February 1992) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Saudi club Al-Wehda and the Morocco national team. He was part of the Moroccon national team that played in the 2018 African Nations Championship and 2022 FIFA World Cup.
On 10 November 2022, he was named in Morocco's 26-man squad for the 2022 FIFA World Cup that was scheduled to be held in Qatar. After Morocco defeated Canada 2–1 in a World Cup match, El Yamiq made headlines as he was seen waving a Palestinian Flag during the post-match celebrations.

Godavari River

The Godavari, also known as Dakshina Ganga, is the second longest river in India which flows for 1,465 kilometers and covers about 10% of India's total area. It originates in Trimbakeshwar, Nashik, Maharashtra, and flows through several states, ultimately emptying into the Bay of Bengal. With a large basin, the Godavari is one of the biggest rivers in India, only surpassed by the Ganges. 

The river has cultural and religious importance in Hindu scriptures and is known as the "Dakshina Ganga". Over the years, dams and barrages have been constructed on the river, impacting its natural flow and increasing the risk of flooding in its delta region.

The Godavari River is important to Hindus, many people have visited its banks for thousands of years as part of a cleansing ritual. Hindu Deities like Baladeva and saints like Chaitanya Mahaprabhu are believed to have bathed in its waters. Additionally, there's a religious fair called Pushkaram held every twelve years along the riverbanks.

In the past, people would go on a pilgrimage called "Sapta Sāgara Yatra" along the holy waters of the Godavari River's seven mouths to seek blessings for having children. The pilgrimage included bathing at specific locations like Tulyabhaga river, Coringa village, and others, with the journey concluding near Narsapuram or Antarvedi after bathing in different branches of the river.

Fortville, Indiana

Fortville is a small town in the Vernon Township area. Its district is Hancock County, Indiana, United States. The population was 4,784 at the 2020 census.

Fortville is in the northwest corner of Hancock County, Indiana aligned to the neighboring Hamilton County, which forms the northwest boundary and Madison County, which borders to the north. It's estimated 25 miles northeast of Indianapolis and is a part of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Area.

The 2010 census says, Fortville has a total area of 2.91 sq mi, of which 2.9 sq mi is land and .01 sq mi is water.

Even with rare droughts throughout central Indiana, Fortville has a stable and trustworthy supply of water because it is situated over a natural aquifer.

In 1849, Fortville was originally called Walpole. It was named for Cephas Fort, the original owner of the town's grounds. Fortville was incorporated as a town and renamed in in 1865.

The most historic piece is the Browne-Rafert House on Merrill Street was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.

As of the census of 2020, there were 4,784 people, 1,970 households, and 1,302 families living in the town. The population was . There were 2,057 housing units at an average housing density of . The race percentages of the town was 89.2% White, 1.8% Black, 0.3% Native American, 0.9% Asian, 1.7% from other races, and 6.0% from two or more races.

There were 1,970 households, 34.6% had children under 18 living with them, 45.0% were married couples living together, 28.2% had a female house keeper with no husband present, 18.7% had a male house keeper with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 2.43 people.

The median age in the town was 35.3 years. 25.7% of residents were under 18, 8.2% were between 18 and 24, 28.7% were from 25 to 44, 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

Landmark Park is located at Staat St and Veteran's Court, just East of Main Street.

The entrance to Memorial Park is located just west of Church and McCarty streets.

The town house schools for the Mt. Vernon Comm Schools Coorp. The district houses three elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school. The schools usually receive an A+ score from the State of Indiana.

The town has a library, the Fortville-Vernon Township Public Library.

Fortvilles historic downtown is home to local retailers, restaurants, and service providers. The downtown is also an attraction for arts and culture.


Men of Tomorrow (1932 movie)

Men of Tomorrow is a 1932 British drama film.


Allianz Stadion

The Allianz Stadion ( Weststadion in UEFA competitions and in everyday usage) is a football stadium in the 14th district of Penzing in Vienna. It was built on the site of the Gerhard Hanappi Stadium as the new home of SK Rapid Vienna. The stadium was built from 2014 to 2016 and is in use since the 2016/17 season.
The total costs for the new building were 53 million Eeuros. Almost 20 million euros came from the city of Vienna. The remaining costs were partly raised by the Allianz Group and by SK Rapid through long-term loan financing. 

The new stadium was rotated 90 degrees compared to the old Hanappi-Stadium. It is now in the north-south direction . At the beginning of July 2016, the construction company STRABAG handed over the stadium to SK Rapid after 17 months of construction.

The club offered its members the opportunity to view the stadium for the first time before the official opening on 9 July 2016. As part of the event, former SK Rapid players played in a “legends duel” against a team consisting of former players from First Vienna FC 1894 and Wiener Sportklub. The game ended 8:2. Andreas Herzog scored the first goal in the Allianz Stadium.

The opening game was played on 16 July 16 between SK Rapid Wien and the English club FC Chelsea. The host beat Chelsea 2-0 in front of 28,000 fans. The first league match was versus SV Ried on 23 July in the 2016/17 Austrian Football Championship. The game ended with a 5-0 home win for the Austrian record champions. Christoph Schößwendter scored the first competitive goal in the Allianz Stadium. 

In the summer of 2018, more than 7,200 square meters of lawn had to be replaced due to fungal infestation and some soil had to be removed, the cost was around 100,000 euros.

Curiosity Stream

Curiosity Stream Inc., often called Curiosity, is an American streaming service started in 2015 by Discovery Channel founder John S. Hendricks. It offers documentaries, films, and TV shows. By 2021, it had around 20 million subscribers.

The service makes its own shows and also includes content from other producers. It became available on various platforms, including Amazon Channels and Comcast's Xfinity Stream app. The company, led by Clint Stinchcomb since 2018, expanded internationally and acquired other educational platforms. In 2021, it rebranded as Curiosity, which includes the streaming service, a TV channel, and a production studio.

Curiosity Stream's content focuses on science, history, technology, and nature, with options for children. Notable shows include "Beyond the Spotlight", and "Rescued Chimpanzees of the Congo with Jane Goodall." Originally, priced at $19.99 per year, the service's cost increased to $39.99 per year by May 2023.

Tripmasters

Tripmasters, originally Solar Tours, was founded in 1984 by Maria Checa in Washington, D.C. It started with trips to Peru, later expanding to Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the Pacific. In 1997, Maria's son, Rafael Checa, joined and shifted the focus to online custom trip planning. The company rebranded to Tripmasters in 2012 with Rafael as CEO.

Based in Silver Spring, Maryland, Tripmasters offers customizable travel itineraries, including hotels, transport, and activities. It covers destinations across Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the Pacific and provides tools for users to build their own itineraries, including cruises and city tours. Tripmasters is known for investing $20 million in the Amor Arenal hotel in Costa Rica and has an A+ rating from the BBB. 

Applause at the windows during the Covid-19 pandemic

Applause at the window was done by some people. It was meant to thank health workers during the confinement of the first half of 2020. 

It was a way for people to show appreciation to health professionals working hard during the lockdown.

The social phenomenon took place in many countries and got recognition at an international level, These are the countries where this social ritual took place:

Flight Centre Travel Group

Flight Centre Travel Group (FCTG) is an Australian travel agency headquartered in Brisbane. Founded in 1982 by Graham Turner and Geoff Harris, it has expanded globally and operates under various names in countries like Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, the UK, South Africa, India, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, the UAE, and Mexico. In the US, it's known as Liberty Travel, Travel Associates, and GOGO Worldwide Vacations. Its portfolio also includes StudentUniverse, FCM Travel Solutions, and several other brands.

The company began with a store in Sydney in 1982 and expanded internationally in the mid-1990s. It acquired StudentUniverse in 2015, and launched online travel brands BYOjet and Aunt Betty in 2016. In New Zealand, Flight Centre operates multiple brands, including Cruiseabout and Travel Money NZ.

However, FCTG was hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to a significant drop in its share price, staff redundancies, and store closures. The company raised emergency equity in April 2020 and sought additional financial support in June 2020. 

Flight Centre has faced controversy, including allegations of discriminatory pricing, undisclosed flight mark-ups, and price gouging. In 2018, it was criticized for its workplace culture, and during the pandemic, it was scrutinized for its refund policies and accused of underpaying staff.

Saiph

Saiph is the sixth-brightest star in the constellation of Orion. It is the star at the South-Eastern corner of Orion. When viewing Orion from the northern hemisphere, Saiph would be found in the lower left of Orion. A southern hemisphere viewer would find Saiph in the upper right section of the constellation. Parallax measurements have found that Saiph is about 650 light years away from the sun, which is about the same as Betelgeuse. Although being smaller and less bright, Saiph has a hotter surface than Rigel.

Iteso

The Iteso are a Nilotic ethnic group in Eastern Uganda and Western Kenya. The language they speak is Ateso.
A man is called Etesot and a woman is called Atesot.

Mug shot of Donald Trump

On August 24, 2023, after being formally charged on racketeering and similar charges, Donald Trump agreed to turn himself in to police at the Fulton County Jail in Atlanta, Georgia, where a mug shot of him was taken. It is the first and only police booking mug shot of a U.S. president.

After it was released, the mug shot was used in Internet memes, used on items by Trump's 2024 presidential campaign, and put on many newspaper front pages worldwide.

Scholastique Mukasonga

Scholastique Mukasonga (born 1956) is a French-Rwandan author. She was born in the former Gikongoro province of Rwanda. She is a Tutsi and was deported to a refugee camp when she was 4 years old. In 1973 she escaped to Burundi. She came to France in 1992 and was a social worker for the students of the University of Caen. In 1994, 37 members of her family were killed during the Rwandan genocide.

In 2012, She won the prix Renaudot and the prix Ahmadou-Kourouma for her book "Our Lady of the Nile." She was a finalist for the International Dublin Literary Award and the "Los Angeles Times" Book Prize. In 2014 she won the Seligmann Prize against racism and intolerance and in 2015 the prize Société des gens de lettres. She lives in Normandy, France.




Pseudophilautus sirilwijesundarai

Siril Wijesundara's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sirilwijesundarai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1600 and 1700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.5 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown with some green. There are dark red spots on both sides of the body. There is a dark red mark under each eye. The sides of the body are dark red with yellow-white marks. There are dark red marks on all four legs and all ten toes. The front of the neck is are dark brown.

This frog lives in cloud forests on mountains. People have seen it sitting on branches 10 m above the ground, near moss.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

Scientists named this frog after Siril Wijesundara, director of Sri Lanka's Royal Botannical Gardens.

Luis von Ahn

Luis von Ahn (born August 19, 1978) is a Guatemalan entrepreneur and a professor at Carnegie Mellon University. He is known for his work in crowdsourcing, and he founded reCAPTCHA, later sold to Google, and Duolingo.

Von Ahn was born in Guatemala City to a well-off family. His mother, a pioneering woman in Guatemala's medical field, had him at age 42. He attended the American School of Guatemala and developed an early interest in technology. Von Ahn studied at Duke University, earning a Bachelor's degree in Mathematics in 2000, and later received a PhD in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University in 2005.

Initially working in cryptography, von Ahn gained fame for his work on CAPTCHAs, tests used to prevent automated abuse on websites. His PhD introduced the concept of "human computation," combining human and computer power to solve problems. He developed games like the ESP Game, later licensed by Google. In 2007, he created reCAPTCHA, a CAPTCHA that digitizes books.

In 2009, von Ahn co-founded Duolingo, a language education platform. Duolingo saw increased users during the COVID-19 pandemic and, as of May 2020, was valued at $1.5 billion.

Von Ahn's work on CAPTCHAs and human computation earned him several awards, including a MacArthur Fellowship in 2006. He received recognition from various sources, such as being named one of the 50 Best Brains in Science and being awarded the Lemelson-MIT prize in 2018.

Von Ahn has won teaching awards at Carnegie Mellon University. He taught a course titled "Science of the Web" that combined graph theory and social science.

In 2021, von Ahn established the Luis von Ahn Foundation to support Guatemalans, especially women and girls, through financial aid to local leaders and nonprofit organizations. In 2022, the foundation planned to donate $3 million to organizations focusing on women's and girls' equality, environmental conservation, democracy, and youth participation.

Philautus aurifasciatus

The Java bubble-nest frog or gold-striped tree frog ("Philautus aurifasciatus") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have only seen this frog higher than 900 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a big place. It lives in forests high up in the hills. Some of the places it lives are in protected parks.

This frog lays eggs in holes in trees. It hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Jaysh al-Islam

Jaysh al-Islam is a Syrian rebel group that operated during the Syrian Civil War The group used to be a part of the FSA, but on December 2012, they split away from FSA due to unknown reasons. The primary base of operations for Jaysh al-Islam was the city of Damascus, which is the capital of Syria. The group seeks to form a Islamic State in Syria based off of the laws of Islam using Jihadism. The group along with its ally Ahrar al-Sham is mainly supported by Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, and Turkey. However the group has been designed a terrorist group by the countries of Egypt (for collaboration with Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis), Syria, UAE, and Iran.

Ansar al-Din Front

Ansar al-Din Front is a jihadist group that was created in mid 2014 during the Syrian Civil War. Currently the subgroups within the Ansar al-Din Front areː Ahrar al-Sham (pro ISIS faction), Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis, Harakat Sham al-Islam and Harakat Fajr ash-Sham al-Islamiya. There is also one observing member Tahrir al-Sham within the Ansar al-Din Front.

Ann Shurrock

Margaret Ann Shurrock (born 22 May 1946) is a retired New Zealand female archer. Shurrock competed at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics.

Ken Uprichard

Kenneth ("Ken") Philip Uprichard (born 13 May 1980) is an archer from New Zealand. Uprichard competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Parsis

The Parsis are a ethnic and religious group in India and Pakistan who follow Zoroastrianism. They are descendants of Persians who moved to the region to escape religious persecution during the Arab conquest of the Persian Empire. There are only around 60-70 thousand Parsis in both India and Pakistan. 

The term "Parsi" comes from the Persian language word (پارسی), meaning "inhabitant of Pārs (Persia)" or Persian.

Choe Ok-sil

Choe Ok-sil (born 29 January 1974) is a female North Korean archer. Ok-sil competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Han Sun-hi

Han Sun-hi (born 3 May 1955) is a North Korean archer. Sun-hi competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Jang Sun-yong

Jang Sun-yong (, born 6 August 1951) is a North Korean archer. Sun-yong competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Ju Chun-sam

Ju Chun-Sam (주춘삼, born 3 August 1950) is a North Korean archer. Chun-sam competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Kang Un-ju

Kang Un-ju (born 1 February 1995) is a North Korean archer. Un-ju competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Kim Gye-jong

Kim Gye-jong (born 27 July 1956) is a North Korean archer. Gye-jong competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Kim Ho-gyu

Kim Ho-Gyu (born 14 November 1950) is an archer from North Korea. Ho-gyu competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Kim Hyang-min

Kim Hyang-min (born 4 February 1942) is a North Korean archer. Hyang-min competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

The Pest Informer

The Pest Informer is an American pest control company that was founded in 1994 by David Floyd. Based in Raleigh, North Carolina, the company is known for offering money to release cockroaches into customer homes to test pest control techniques.

After working for 5 years as a pest control technician, Floyd began The Pest Informer in 1994.

In early 2022, The Pest Informer bought The Safer Pest Control Project to provide environmentally-friendly pest control services. The same year, the company began to offer $2,000 to release 100 cockroaches into people's homes, in order to test out their service. In November 2023, the company bean to offer $2,500 for one participant.

Kim Jong-hwa

Kim Jong-hwa (born 23 June 1970) is a North Korean archer. Jong-hwa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Kwon Un-sil

Kwon Un-sil (born September 17, 1983) is an archer from North Korea. Un-sil competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Vox (website)

Vox is an American news and opinion website. The website was started in April 2014 by Ezra Klein, Matt Yglesias, and Melissa Bell, and is known for using explanatory journalism.

"Vox" also includes a YouTube channel, some podcasts, and a show presented on Netflix. Many sources say that "Vox" is left-leaning and progressive.

Li Myong-gum

Li Myong-gum (born 6 June 1968) is a North Korean archer. Myong-gum competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

O Gwang-sun

O Gwang-sun (born 17 July 1964) is a North Korean archer. O Gwang-sun competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Sin Song-hui

Sin Song-hui (born 24 March 1970) is a North Korean archer. Song-hui competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Sok Chang-suk

Sok Chang-suk (born 1 February 1963) is a North Korean archer. Chang-suk competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Son Hye-yong

Son Hye-yong (born February 25, 1980) is an archer from North Korea. Hye-yong competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Johannes Akkerhaugen

Johannes Akkerhaugen (born 11 August 1939) is a Norwegian archer. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Martinus Grov

Bertil Martinus Grov (born November 3, 1974) is a retired archer from Norway. Grov competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Mountain Province

Mountain Province is a province in the Philippines, located in Luzon's Cordillera Administrative Region. The provincial capital is Bontoc. The name of the province is often shortened to Mt. Province by locals. The name comes from being in the Cordillera Central mountain range on Luzon island. Mountain Province was the historical name for a larger province, established in 1908 and later split into Mountain Province, Benguet, Kalinga-Apayao, and Ifugao in 1966. 

The Mountain province is full of natural beauty and is famous for it's mummy caves with naturally preserved bodies and hanging coffins.

Mountain Province is in Luzon, covering an area of about 2,157 square kilometers. It's surrounded by Kalinga to the north, Isabela to the east, Ifugao to the south, Benguet to the southwest, Ilocos Sur to the west, and Abra to the northwest. Most of the province, around 83%, is mountainous, with hills and levels making up the remaining 17%. The region has rivers, waterfalls, mountains, and caves. The central and western parts are rugged with steep cliffs, while the east has generally sloping terrain.

Mountain Province had around 158,200 people in 2020, with 73 inhabitants per square kilometer. The largest ethnic group is Kankanaey, making up 51.8% of the population, followed by Balangao at 13.46% and Bontoc at 12.28%. Other groups include Ilocano, Applai, Binontok, and Kalinga.

Regarding religion, about 60% of the province adheres to Anglicanism. Other religions like Roman Catholicism, Islam and other Christians are also present. Mountain Province stands out as the only predominantly Protestant province in the Philippines.

Jan Erik Humlekjær

Jan Erik Humlekjær (born 1946) is a Norwegian archer. Erik Humlekjær competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.

CoinDesk

CoinDesk is an American news site that mainly covers bitcoin and digital currencies. Founded by Shakil Khan, the site was later bought by Digital Currency Group for around US$500,000–600,000.

The Dodo

The Dodo is an American media company and digital publisher that mainly tells animals' stories. The Dodo is headquartered in New York City. It was launched in January 2014 by Izzie Lerer, the daughter of media executive Kenneth Lerer, and journalist Kerry Lauerman.

TechCrunch

TechCrunch is an American online newspaper that covers technology and startup companies. It was founded in June 2005 by Archimedes Ventures, led by Michael Arrington and Keith Teare.

In 2010, AOL bought the company for around $25 million. After Verizon bought AOL, it was owned by Verizon Media from 2015 through 2021. In 2021 Verizon sold it to the private equity firm Apollo Global Management.

The Adventures of Bernie

The Adventures of Bernie (French: Les Aventures de Bernie) is a French animated slapstick comedy television series created by Alexandre Simard Mathieu Peters-Houg Lucille Briand based on the character created by Olivier Jean-Marie Claude-William Trébutien directed by Richard Méril and produced by Xilam Animation.

After he fails to help Zig eat Marina, Bernie the hermit crab gets lost at the bottom of the ocean and searches for any plans to return to the island.


The Mercury News

The Mercury News is a morning daily newspaper published in San Jose, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area. As of March 2013, it was the fifth largest daily newspaper in the United States, with a daily circulation of 611,194.

"The Mercury News" has a rich history dating back to its inaugural publication in 1851. As the last remaining English-language daily newspaper chronicling the events of the Santa Clara Valley, the newspaper has witnessed and documented the region's evolution over the years. The transition to its current name, "The Mercury News", occurred in 1983 following a series of mergers.

Morningstar

Morningstar, Inc. is an American financial services firm headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Joe Mansueto in 1984, and provides investment research and investment management services.


List of Zig &amp; Sharko episodes

This is a list of episodes from the French animated series, "Zig & Sharko". 

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Throughout the first season, much of the plots revolve around the oceans surrounding a tropical volcanic island, in which Marina often spends the day residing on a rocky pinnacle off the coast during the day, while residing in an underwater home that she shares with Sharko. 
In the second season, the plots shifted to the island itself, including its beaches, volcano, and jungle, with some changes for the main characters - Marina takes residence in an ornate, life-sized sandcastle, built by Sharko; Zig and Bernie live with a cargo plane pilot in his crashed plane within the jungle; and Sharko operates as a lifeguard for the aquatic lifeforms who frequent the beaches.
In the third season, the main characters and the island's inhabitants move onto a cruise ship to travel the oceans, where much of the season's plots take place.

A fourth season was announced in 2022. According to official announcements, the fourth season will revolve around Marina and her magic shoes, which can make the person wearing them bend and stretch their legs to its extremes.

Jacob Pace

Jacob Isaiah Pace (born September 6, 1998) is an American entrepreneur. He is most known for being the founder and CEO of Flighthouse, a short-form digital content studio that was bought by Create Music Group in 2016. He has been awarded Forbes 30 Under 30 and Rolling Stone Future 25.

D4vd

David Anthony Burke (born March 28, 2005), known as d4vd, is an American singer and song writer. He is best known for his songs "Romantic Homicide" and "Here With Me", which experienced international success.

David Anthony Burke was born in Queens, New York City. He would later move to Houston, Texas.

Burke's career in music started when he made videos of the video game "Fortnite" and decided to make his own music.

In July 2022, he released the single "Romantic Homicide". "Romantic Homicide" charted at Number. 3 on the "Hot Alternative Songs" charts.

Burke's second hit single "Here with Me" was released in September 2022, and a music video was released in November 2022. "Here with Me" charted at Number 4 on the Hot Alternative Songs charts and Number 7 on Singaporean charts.

"Romantic Homicide" is RIAA certified Gold, ARIA certified platinum, and MC certified platinum, and "Here with Me" is ARIA certified gold and MC certified platinum.

Laufey (singer)

Laufey Lín Bing Jónsdóttir ( , ; born 23 April 1999), known professionally as Laufey, is an Icelandic singer-songwriter.

Her debut album, "Everything I Know About Love" (2022), charted in Iceland and the United States. It was followed by the album "Bewitched" (2023), which received a Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album nomination at the 2024 Grammy Awards; the single "From the Start" found international success.

Laufey Lín Bing Jónsdóttir was born on 23 April 1999. Her father is Icelandic and her mother is Chinese. maternal side of her family is from Guangzhou. Her mother is a classical violinist.

Laufey graduated with a presidential scholarship from the Berklee College of Music in 2021. She currently lives in Los Angeles.

Gawker

Gawker was an American news site and blog founded in 2002 and based in New York City. The site had over 23 million visits per month as of 2015. It was the main blog of Gawker Media, a media company.

Currently, Gawker is owned by Meng Ru Kuok.

Kulanch

Kulanch is a sub-tehsil of Pasni, Gwadar District, Balochistan in Pakistan. It is 50 km east from Gwadar city.

Impact Digital Group

Impact Digital Group, Inc., known as Impact, is an American digital media company that shares social impact and activism related content. According to Forbes, the company's accounts reaches over 10 million people per month. The company has won Forbes 30 Under 30, several Webby Awards, Shorty Awards, and more honors.

Shirley Barber

Shirley Barber (23 June 1935 – 12 December 2023) was an English children's author and illustrator.

Her first picture book was "Martha B. Rabbit - The Fairies' Cook". It was published by The Five Mile Press in the year 1988. She made lots of books with pictures and coloring pages about fairies and animals. People liked them a lot, and she sold more than 10 million copies by 2008. Her books showed beautiful forests, and she also made calendars and notebooks. People could read her books in 18 different languages.
On 12 December 2023, Shirley Barber died while sleeping at her home in Watsonia, at the age of 88.

Fast Company

Fast Company is an international business magazine published in print and online that mainly covers technology, business, and design. It operates international editions include flagship U.S. edition and South African edition.

"Fast Company" was launched in November 1995 by Alan Webber, Bill Taylor, and publisher Mortimer Zuckerman.

Sahiwal Tehsil

Sahiwal Tehsil is an administrative sub-division (tehsil) of Sahiwal District, Punjab, Pakistan. Its capital city is Sahiwal.

Bad Moon Rising

"Bad Moon Rising" is a 1969 song by Creedence Clearwater Revival and is the leading single from their third studio album "Green River". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 1 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, South Africa and Ireland, number 5 in Canada, number 3 in Norway and Australia and number 8 in Germany and Austria.

Japanese water shrew

The Japanese water shrew (Chimarrogale platycephalus), also called the flat-headed water shrew, is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It lives in the Japanese Islands, Honshu and Kyushu.

Western Girls (song)

"Western Girls" is a 1986 song by New Zealand group Dragon. It is the third single from their eighth studio album "Dreams of Ordinary Men" and went to number 37 in New Zealand and number 58 in Australia. It was produced by Todd Rundgren.


Rishi Kaushik

Rishi Kaushik is an Indian actor who acts in serials most notably in Bengali language serials in West Bengal. He has appeared in the Star Jalsa soap operas "Ekhane Aakash Neel", and "Ishti Kutum", where he played the role of the male protagonist Archisman Mukherjee. Since 2020. He has acted in several television dramas of Bangladesh.

Shamshernagar Airport

Shamshernagar Airport is a public use airport southeast of Moulvibazar, Bangladesh. It is operated by Bangladesh Air Force. Due to the short length of the runway it is restricted to STOL aircraft. As of July 2015, no scheduled passenger flights serve the airport, but civil air operations are allowed with prior approval.


Nisha Sharma dowry case

The 2003 Nisha Sharma dowry case was an anti-dowry lawsuit that has been cited as an illustrative example highlighting the potential for misuse of the IPC 498A law in India.

Maciej Jewtuszko

Maciej Jewtuszko (born January 31, 1981) is a Polish mixed martial artist who most recently competed in 2019. A professional since 2005, he has fought in the UFC, WEC, and KSW. He is the former KSW Lightweight Champion.

Jeshua Shababo

Jeshua Shababo was an Egyptian scribe and rabbi, who lived in the last quarter of the seventeenth century. His teachers were Rabbis Abraham ha-Levi of Cairo and Joseph Nazir, who afterward became his father-in-law. The former included some dissertations of his pupil in his work "Ginnat Veradim". The two men differed in opinion, and the pupil answered his teacher in "Peraḥ Shushan" (Constantinople, 1732).

Davide Mansi

Davide Mansi (born 18 January 1996) is an Italian football player who plays for Serie D club Gladiator.

Shevon Daniel

Shevon Daniel (born 15 March 2004) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. 

Gaurav Khanna

Gaurav Khanna (born 11 December 1981) is an Indian television actor . He is known for his roles of Neil in "Jeevan Saathi", Inspector Kavin in "CID", and Akshay in "Tere Bin". He currently plays the role of Anuj Kapadia in Star Plus's "Anupamaa", for which he won Indian Telly Award for Best Actor (Editorial).


Karavas

Karavas (; is a town in the north of the Cyprus island. 

Nalin de Silva

Thakurartha Devadithya Guardiyawasam Lindamulage Nalin Kumara de Silva is a Sri Lankan philosopher and a political analyst. He is the former Sri Lankan ambassador in Myanmar. 

Benefit cap

The benefit cap in the United Kingdom limits the amount in state benefits that an individual household can claim per year. The benefit cap started in 2013 at £26,000 per year (£500 per week) which was the average family income in the UK. For single people with no children it was set at £18,200 per year (£350 per week). From Autumn 2016 it was reduced to £20,000, except in London where it was reduced to £23,000. In 2023 for a couple or a household with children it was £25,323 in London and £22,020 outside of London. For a single person, the annual thresholds are £16,967 in London and £14,753 outside of London.

The policy was challenged in court in 2015 by two lone mothers who said that the benefit cap was discriminatory and unfair. The Supreme Court said it was lawful but three of the five judges concluded that the benefit cap breached the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child. In 2015 there was also a successful legal challenge on the grounds that it unlawfully discriminated against disabled people and their carers. The policy was changed so that it did not apply to people who get Carer's Allowance. In 2019 a case by lone parents who argued that the benefit cap discriminated generally against women, who make up most of the population of single parents, and specifically against lone parents with young children failed. The court held by a majority of 5–2 that the discriminatory effects are justified.

Mohamed Henedi

Mehammad Henedi Ahmad Abdelgawwad () is an Egyptian comedian actor born in Giza, Egypt, on 1 February 1958, and has gained a cinematic bachelor's degree. Henedi started his career in 1984 in short appearances in theaters and cinemas, and he achieved huge success in his two films "Esma'eleya Rayeh Gaii" and "Sa'ede Fel Gam'a Al Amrekya". He later starred in the movies "Hamam fi Amsterdam" (1992), "Belya we Demagho el Alya", "Saheb Sahbo" and "Andaleeb Al Dokki". Mohamed Henedi also dubbed the voices of Timon, Mike Wazowski and Homer Simpson for the Egyptian versions of "The Lion King", "Monsters, Inc.", and "The Simpsons" respectively.

Yasmin Elrashidi of "The Wall Street Journal" said that Henedi was "considered the Robert De Niro of the Middle East."


Somali Armed Forces

The Somali Armed Forces are the military forces of the Federal Republic of Somalia. Headed by the president as commander-in-chief, they are constitutionally mandated to ensure the nation's sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity.


Tiffany Stratton

Jessica Woynilko (born May 1, 1999) is an American professional wrestler, bodybuilder, and gymnast. She is currently signed to WWE under the ring name Tiffany Stratton, where she performs on the SmackDown brand. She is a former NXT Women's Champion.

Interstella 5555

Interstella 5555 (full name: "Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem)" is a movie about Daft Punk trying to place their album Discovery in the track list of a movie. In their childhood, Daft Punk members Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter were big fans of , so the band worked with its creator, , and the Japanese animation company, Toei Animation, to make the movie. Interstella 5555 is set to the "Discovery" album with no additional words and only a few added sound effects. 

In the movie, we follow the story of a successful music group from a distant planet. The aliens enjoy their songs. Indeed, we can for example see that they dance to One More Time. The group of aliens catches the eye of Earthlings. However, these are malicious. They come to the planet to kidnap the musicians, before transforming them into humans. Their physical change, and their altered memories. The artists will do everything to find their native land, helped by an extraterrestrial who has come to Earth.

The idea for the film emerged one day in the minds of the two artists, influenced by famous Japanese anime from the 1970s and 1980s. This love for these works pushed them to fly to Japan.

“We then begin, in parallel with the music, the writing of the story with our friend and collaborator Cédric Hervet, all three lulled as children by Albator and his poetic and enigmatic universe, we dream of an uncertain collaboration with Leiji Matsumoto, and we flew to meet him in the summer of 2000 with our album and the completed synopsis under our arms. », explained the members of Daft Punk.

This trip paid off since the film was supervised by the creator of Albator and Galaxy Express 999 himself, Leiji Matsumoto. This explains the resemblance between the charadesigns of his characters and the protagonists of Interstella 5555. The members of the duo have always had a strong admiration for the work of Mr. Matsumoto, Albator having marked their youth. The mangaka was won over by the project of the famous electro group on the rise.

“The day Thomas and Guy-Manuel asked me to imagine a visual universe based on their music, I was delighted. […] I saw in their proposal a wink of destiny. It is for me a childhood dream to offer my visions to a wide audience. I didn't really believe in it anymore, and then, at the dawn of the 21st century, Daft Punk came to find me! They told me they discovered Albator when he was 5 years old. This is the age where we imprint what will influence us for the rest of our lives. ».

Tommy Shaw

Tommy Roland Shaw (born September 11, 1953) is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter best known for his tenure in the rock band Styx as co-lead vocalist. In between his stints with Styx, he has played with other groups including Damn Yankees and Shaw Blades as well as releasing several solo albums.

Kandisha (2008 movie)

Kandisha is a 2008 Moroccan horror film directed by Jerome Cohen-Olivar, starring Amira Casar, David Carradine, Michael Cohen, Saïd Taghmaoui, Mourad Zaoui, Hiam Abbass and Assaad Bouab.

"Kandisha" was first screened at the Marrakech International Film Festival in 2008.

Dorothy Steeves

Dorothy Gretchen Steeves (née Biersteker; May 26, 1891 – May 9, 1978) was a Dutch-born political figure in British Columbia. She represented North Vancouver in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1934 to 1945 as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member.

ROKS Yeosu

ROKS "Yeosu" (PCC-765) was a of the Republic of Korea Navy and later transferred to Vietnam People's Navy as Ship 20.

Steeve Ho You Fat

Steeve Ho You Fat (born 12 June 1988) is a French professional basketball player who last played for Metropolitans 92 in LNB Pro A.

Aitor Gelardo

Aitor Gelardo Vegara (born 26 June 2002) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Villarreal CF B. Born in Catral, Alicante, Valencian Community, Gelardo was a Villarreal CF youth graduate. He made his senior debut with affiliate club CD Roda on 15 December 2018, starting in a 2–1 Tercera División home win over CD Acero.

Sulaikha Manzil

Sulaikha Manzil is a 2023 Indian Malayalam-language romantic comedy film directed by Ashraf Hamza under the banner Chembosky Motion Pictures. It stars Lukman Avaran, Anarkali Marakar and Chemban Vinod Jose in lead roles. The film was released on 21 April 2023 and received positive reviews from critics.

Rish Pass

Rish Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria. It connects Shumen and Karnobat. On the Shumen side of the pass is the village of Rish.

Pendulum (2023 movie)

Pendulum is a 2023 Indian Malayalam-language mystery thriller film written and directed by Rejin S. Babu in his directorial debut. The film stars Vijay Babu as Dr. Mahesh Narayan, who sets out to find answers to some strange experiences during a one-day family trip.

Shilongo Uukule

Shilongo Filippus Uukule (1919 at Onyaanya – 2010) was senior headman of the Uukwanambwa, a clan of the Ovambo people in Namibia. His residence is located in the Onyaanya Constituency of the Oshikoto Region.

Pretenders to the throne of Mexico

Upon the abolition of the Second Mexican Empire and the execution of Emperor Maximilian I in 1867, pretense to the Mexican Crown passed to and was assumed by the adopted heirs.

The current pretender to the Mexican throne, in right of both the First and Second Empires, is Count Maximilian von Götzen-Iturbide, great-grandson of Salvador de Iturbide y de Marzán.


Honda CR-X del Sol

The Honda CR-X Del Sol is a limited run of inexpensive Hondas for consumers. The car was released in 1992 and was accepted by dealers and car lovers. the car was only made until 1998 so about 6 years of the Honda due to limited market value.

Rwandan Patriotic Front

The Rwandan Patriotic Front is the ruling political party in Rwanda. The leader is President Paul Kagame. It has governed the country since its armed wing defeated government forces, winning the Rwandan Civil War in 1994.

It has been called authoritarian. Elections are not fair. Opposition parties have been banned. People who criticise them have been arrested or assassinated. There has been electoral fraud.

The party was started by Tutsi refugee intelligentsia in Uganda in 1979. It was called Rwandese Alliance for National Unity. In December 1987, it held its seventh congress in Kampala and changed its name. In 1990 they invaded Rwanda, starting the Rwandan Civil War. in 1994, it formed a government of national unity headed by a Hutu president, Pasteur Bizimungu. In February 1998 Kagame was elected president of the RPF, replacing Alexis Kanyarengwe, and in March 2000 he became the national president. Following a constitutional referendum in 2003, Kagame was elected president with 95% of the vote. The RPF formed a coalition with several smaller parties, which got 74% of the vote in the 2003 parliamentary elections, winning 40 of the 53 elected seats in the Chamber of Deputies. The coalition won 42 seats in the 2008 parliamentary elections, and Kagame was re-elected as president in 2010 with 93% of the vote. In the 2013 parliamentary elections the RPF-led coalition won 41 seats.

Cygnus NG-19

NG-19 was the nineteenth flight of the Northrop Grumman robotic resupply spacecraft Cygnus and its eighteenth flight to the International Space Station (ISS) under the Commercial Resupply Services (CRS-2) contract with NASA. The mission launched on 2 August 2023 at 00:31:14 UTC. This was the eighth launch of Cygnus under the CRS-2 contract.

NG-19 deorbited on January 9, 2024 at 13:06 UTC.

Social Democratic Party (Rwanda)

The Social Democratic Party is a centre-left social democratic political party in Rwanda. The party support the Paul Kagame government. It started in 1991. Its main leaders were killed in the morning of the first day of the genocide. 

After the genocide the party joined the national unity government. It supported President Paul Kagame in the 2003 presidential elections, and got12% of the vote in the 2003 parliamentary elections, winning seven seats.

The party's vote share rose to 13% in the 2008 elections, as it kept its seven seats. In the 2010 presidential elections the party had Jean Damascene Ntawukuriryayo as its candidate; he received 5% of the vote, coming second to Kagame, who received 93%.

In the 2013 parliamentary elections the party again got 13% of the vote, winning seven seats. It was reduced to five seats in the 2018 elections.

Rezang La

Rechin La, also called Rezang La in the English language sources in the 1960s, is a mountain pass on the Line of Actual Control between Indian-administered Ladakh and the Chinese-administered Spanggur Lake basin.

G. M. Bhat

G. M. Bhat (born 2 July 1959) is a geologist from Jammu and Kashmir, India. He was the head professor at Department of Geology of Jammu University.

In 2020, he was nominated as a member of the Scientific Board of Geoscience Programme (IGCP) by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

Léon-Alfred Opimbat

Léon-Alfred Opimbat (born 1950?) is a Congolese politician. He served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Health from 1992 to 1993 and as Minister of National Solidarity and Humanitarian Action from 1997 to 2002, with additional responsibility for the health portfolio beginning in 1999. Subsequently, he was a Deputy in the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 and again from 2007 to 2011. 

Sergey Girinis

Sergey Vladimirovich Girinis, until 1919 known as Raul Isaakovich Ginzburg, was a Soviet revolutionary, journalist and trade unionist. He was a leading figure in the labour movement in Vilna (Vilnius) in the 1910s, adhering to a Menshevik-Internationalist line. He later joined the Communist Party of Lithuania. After a prisoner exchange, he was based in Moscow and represented Lithuanian trade unions in the Red International of Labour Unions (Profintern). Girinis was a prolific writer, authoring different works on political theory and history.

Kurdish Alevism

Kurdish Alevism (Zaza: "Elewiyina"; Kurdish: "Elewîtî") refers to the unique rituals, sacred place practices, mythological discourses and socio-religious organizations among Kurds who adhere to Alevism, an heterodox tradition within Islam. Kurdish Alevism is monotheistic, just like all of Islam, but also have strong elements of veneration to nature and ancestor.

Kurdish Alevis constitute an important part of the Alevi population and form the majority of Tunceli Province in Turkey. The Kurdish Alevi population has experienced religious and ethnic discrimination, oppression and forced assimilation which have significantly impacted their identity.

In Turkey, different estimations exist on the Kurdish Alevi population. While Dressler stated that about one third of the Alevi population is Kurdish, Aksüt argued in 2015 that a majority of the Alevi population is Kurdish. Tunceli Province is the only Kurdish Alevi-majority province in Turkey. Moreover, there are Kurdish Alevi settlements in the provinces of Adıyaman, Ardahan, Bingöl, Çorum, Elazığ, Erzincan, Erzurum, Gaziantep, Gümüşhane, Kahramanmaraş, Kayseri, Malatya, Muş, Sivas and Yozgat. Outside of Turkey, there are Kurdish Alevis in Afrin, Syria.

The majority of Kurdish Alevis speak Zaza language, the others speak Kurmanji, one of the Kurdish languages, or speak both languages.

Traditionally, the socio-religious structure of Kurdish Alevis consists of two hereditary social positions; members of the sacred lineage or "ocax" and those subordinated to the sacred lineage or "taliw". By the end of the 20th century, this system had been gravely impacted by cultural destruction and the "taliw" has gained influence in regard to religion and identity politics. Since the anti-Alevi violence in the 1990s, "Taliw"s have strengthened the cultural identity of Kurdish Alevis.

"Ocax" refers to various sacred lineages in Kurdish Alevism. The "ocax"es are: Axûçan, Babamansûr, Sînemîllî, Celal Abbas, Kurêsû (Kurêşan), Cemal Avdel, Dewrêş Gewr, Dewrêş Cemal, Seyit Sabun, Sari Saltik, Ûryan Xizir, Şeyh Çoban and Şix Delîlê Berxêcan. Since sacred lineage and religious rank is determined by tribal affiliation, it is fairly easy to identify which individual has which religious position in which ocax"."

"Taliw" is a term used to encompass every Kurdish Alevi person who receives religious services. In Kurdish Alevism, most people only receive services, while a small segment both receive and give. This latter small segment is called "sayyid." For the "taliw" population to receive a religious service, the "sayyid" must travel to their place of residence. Traditionally, the "sayyid" therefore had to travel from village to village to offer their service.

"Raywer" or "rêber" is a term used to describe the "sayyid" who prepares and serves the religious functions and therefore leads the others down the right path. The "raywer" also has the role of explaining the religion to its members. The "raywer" is chosen from a "sayyid ocax" at birth and the title is lifelong. Nonetheless, the person can always choose not to practice his "raywer"ship.

It is believed that some members of the "sayyid" have spiritual power through bloodline. While the "raywer" guides the members of Alevism practically, the "pîr" thus guides spiritually.

"Murşîd" is the highest rank in the ocax systems. The "murşîd" presides over the jurisprudent element of the system and has the role of appeal. For example, if a "taliw" feels injustice regarding the decision of a "pîr," they can appeal to the "murşîd".

According to Dressler, the Alevis are a number of heterogeneous socio-religious communities, historically referred to as "Qizilbash". Most scholars agree that Alevism can be defined as a unique religious system or a form of Islamic heterodoxy. Alevism explicitly rejects compulsion in religion and the adoption of the rules of belief is entirely voluntary. However, fear plays an important role in the relationship with God and saints, but theoretically this relationship is based on love. Alevis do not follow the five pillars of Islam, although they have maintained certain discourses and practices associated with the family of the Muhammad for centuries, particularly Ali and his descendants to define their religious identity. The Alevis believe that Muhammad was the last prophet and that Ali was the his true successor, as first of the Twelve Imams. The Alevis considered the Twelve Imams as true successors of Muhammad and show extraordinary respect for them, but are differ from Twelver Shi'ism by their heterodox characteristics. They acknowledge the six articles of faith of Islam, but may differ regarding their interpretation. The Alevis also belief in the reincarnation and the eternity of soul.

The heartland and sacred land of Kurdish Alevis is the region of Dersim.

The main "holy ones" of the Kurdish Alevis of Dersim and neighboring regions are the following:

Kurdish Alevis put more emphasis on Pir Sultan Abdal as their religious symbol, unlike Turkish Alevis who emphasize on Haji Bektash Veli.

"Xızır" (ie. Khidr) is an important religious figure who is considered to have spiritual power and an emanation of God and a batin of Ali. It is believed that Xizir travels between earth and heaven and during travels has generated numerous "jiare" – including oases and springs from where his feet touched the ground. "Xızır Fountain" is one of these "jiare" located in Varto and is also visited by Sunni Kurds. Another "jiare" related to "Xızır" is "Gola Çeto" in Pülümür which is the location where it is believed "Xızır" meets Elijah once a year from 13 February and the subsequent three days. During this period, Kurdish Alevis fast and it is believed that the meeting ends winter.

According to tradition, Khidr is an old man with a white beard, he travels on the back of a grey horse, he is impetuous. He is so "secret owner" that he is "ready and available at any moment, anywhere", for this reason, he is almost always the first one to be called upon in times of trouble. Especially on cold winter days when snow and blizzard cover the place, in floods, earthquakes and other disasters, he is at work day and night as the chief protector. However, to make a comparison, he is the saviour angel of the waters and especially the seas rather than the land. According to a legend, Khidr and Moses was travelled on a ship.

Theoretically, killing a living being is frowned upon and considered a sin. Killing a living being is seen as destroying the life given by God, as a violation of his orders. However, Çem states this belief is generally not followed in practice. Çem explained this situation by saying, "Those who chastised us for 'do not kill animals' could very well go bear hunting and ruthlessly slaughter other animals." Among the animals, who is most sacred and those whose killing is considered a sin is the eagles, pigeons, wild goats, some snake species, storks and pigeons.

The tradition of ancestor worship is available in terms of the clergy in Dersim today. The ancestors of the clergy are believed to be holy and able to show "secrets" and miracles. The clergy constantly call out to their ancestors, asking them to help themselves and the poor, and to protect from the evil.

"Gaxan" is one of the fasts and holidays. During the "Gaxan", fasting is observed for three days, the fourth day is a feast. Towards the evening of the feast day, the old man with a walking stick or cane in his hand and a bag on his back, called "Kalê Gaxanî" or "Kalik", starts to go door to door. He is accompanied by his wife, who is younger than him and is called "Fate" or "Fatike" in some regions.

The festival of Nowruz is celebrated among Kurdish Alevis, sometimes under the name of "Newroz" and sometimes under other names. During the celebration of Nowruz, firewood and brushwood are placed in the hearths and ignited. Everyone endeavours to make sure that the fire burning in their home is the biggest fire. While the fire is burning, the villagers, dressed in their best clothes, pray, sing songs and play games.

Another special period is the twelve days of fasting for the Twelve Imams and the day of Ashura that follows. The twelve-day fast for the Twelve Imams and the subsequent cooking of Ashura is, in essence, an act of mourning. While there is no both eating or drinking during the fasts of "Gaxan" and "Xizir", during the Fast of Twelve Imams the main rule is not to drink water. The reason of highlighting of not drinking water is the massacre of Husayn ibn Ali, the third of the Twelve Imams, and his companions in Karbala without water.

"Jiare" are the sacred places which Alevi Kurds worship. The rituals of Kurdish Alevi beliefs have two main dimensions. One is related to sacred lineages and "taliw"s, here, "cem" ceremonies and visiting the "ocax"s of sacred lineages are the main characteristics of the socio-religious aspect. The second places for worshipping is nature-based sacred places, including trees, mountains, rocks, caves, rivers, lakes, fountains, the sun and the moon, that are each related to a semi-deific figure. Also, the some objects are moreover considered dangerous and therefore kept by the "rawyer, pîr" or "murşîd." "Jiare" can be utilized to treat people who suffer from paralysis or mental issues. Two important nature-based "jiare" are Munzur River and Duzgin Bawo, both located in Tunceli Province.

Munzur River is located near Ovacık and a place of pilgrimage and ritual slaughter and people pray to God through the various "jiare" in the region. "Munzur Bawa" was the name of a shepherd who was believed to be able to practice miracles.

In the beliefs of Kurdish Alevis, the most sacred of all "visible things" is the sun. It is one of the main sources of life, illuminating the world, warming it and thus giving life to nature. It is hardly possible for any Kurdish Alevi of a certain age not to turn his face towards the sun when it rises and pray to it, but this practice is not practised much among recent generations. When the sun rises, it is accepted that the whole universe welcomes it and takes pleasure from it. For this reason, it is carefully avoided to commit any sinful act during the sunrise.

In the region of Dersim, the sun is identified with the Muhammad, and another name for the sun is "Mihemed", which means Muhammad, the sun is consiered the light of Ali-Muhammad ("Nure Elî Mihemedî"). For this reason, when addressing the sun, it is sometimes said "Ya Mihemed" (O, Muhammad) or "Ya Nure Elî Mihemedî" (O, the light of Ali-Muhammad) instead of saying its name. The moon, which appears in the sky after the setting of the sun, is also a sacred being, people describe it as the "Light of Mother Fatima", the wife of Ali and daughter of Muhammad.


Rishi Prabhakar

Guruji Shri Rishi Prabhakar (1948–2014) was an Indian yogi who instructed many spiritual teachers across the country. He was the founder of Rishi Samskruti Vidya Kendra, a Public Charitable Trust. He also developed many programs such as Siddha Samadhi Yoga (SSY), Kaya Kalpa Kriya (KKK), Advanced Meditation Course (AMC), Bhava Samadhi Training (BST), Hundred Percent Memory (HMP, also known as RCRT), Infant Siddha Program (ISP) and Inspirational Leadership in Rural Development (ILRD) for the well-being of humanity.

Rosicrucians

The Rosicrucians are a mystical and esoteric secret society that originated in the early 17th century in Europe. The term "Rosicrucian" is often used to refer to a movement or a set of philosophical and spiritual beliefs rather than a specific organization. The origins of the Rosicrucian movement are shrouded in mystery, and it's debated whether the movement had actual historical roots or if it was more of a symbolic and allegorical creation.

The Rosicrucian manifestos, which include works like the "Fama Fraternitatis" (The Fame of the Brotherhood) and the "Confessio Fraternitatis" (The Confession of the Brotherhood), were published in the early 17th century. These manifestos presented the ideas and principles of the Rosicrucian movement. The manifestos discussed the pursuit of esoteric knowledge, spiritual enlightenment, and the application of alchemical and mystical principles for personal and societal transformation.

The Rosicrucian movement influenced various aspects of Western esotericism, alchemy, and mysticism. Over the centuries, several organizations have claimed to be connected to the Rosicrucian tradition, each with its own interpretation of its teachings and rituals. These organizations often operate as initiatory societies, with members progressing through different degrees of knowledge and understanding.

It's important to note that interpretations of Rosicrucianism can vary, and the movement has taken on different forms throughout history. Some modern organizations that identify as Rosicrucian continue to explore spiritual, mystical, and philosophical principles, often incorporating elements of symbolism, alchemy, and mysticism into their teachings.

Liberal Party (Rwanda)

The Liberal Party is a liberal political party in Rwanda led by Prosper Higiro. It was started in 1991. Although it refused to join the government formed by Sylvestre Nsanzimana later in the year, it joined Dismas Nsengiyaremye's government in April 1992. It split into pro- and anti-government factions.

It joined the Rwandan Patriotic Front-led government in 1994. In the 2003 parliamentary elections the party got 11% of the vote and won six of the 53 elected seats.

In 2007 Protais Mitali was elected leader of the party. A dispute over the conduct of the elections led to two MPs and five officials being expelled from the party. The 2008 parliamentary elections saw the party's vote share fall to 7.5%. It was reduced to four seats.

Higiro was nominated as the party's candidate for the 2010 presidential elections, receiving 1.4% of the vote. In the 2013 parliamentary elections the party got 9% of the vote, winning five seats. It was reduced to four seats in the 2018 parliamentary elections.

Theosophy

Theosophy refers to a set of spiritual and esoteric beliefs and practices that aim to explore and understand the nature of reality, the divine, and the purpose of existence. The term "Theosophy" is derived from the Greek words "theos," meaning "god," and "sophia," meaning "wisdom." Theosophical teachings often incorporate elements from various religious, philosophical, and mystical traditions.

The modern Theosophical movement was founded in the late 19th century by Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, Henry Steel Olcott, and William Quan Judge. They sought to synthesize and revitalize ancient spiritual wisdom, drawing from Eastern and Western religious traditions, mysticism, and occultism.

Key principles of Theosophy include:


The Theosophical Society, founded in 1875, has branches worldwide and continues to be a source of study and exploration for individuals interested in spiritual and metaphysical topics. It's worth noting that Theosophy has inspired various offshoots and interpretations over the years, and different individuals may emphasize different aspects of its teachings.

Mutuelle de Santé

Mutuelle de Santé is a community-based health insurance scheme run by the Rwandan government.

In March 2020 it signed a 10-year contract with Babylon Health to roll out their mobile phone based Babyl service over the next ten years. This was supposed to establish a universal primary care service. 30% of the adult population was registered with the service in 2020.

Rasha Shamaliya

Rasha Shamaliya () is a Syrian village located in Kafr Nabl Nahiyah in Maarrat al-Nu'man District, Idlib. 

King Faisal Hospital (Kigali)

King Faisal Hospital is the biggest hospital in Rwanda. It is in the Rwandan capital, Kigali. It was built between 1987 and 1991 with the help of the Saudi Fund for Development. The hospital spreads over 7.9 hectares.  It has 18,000 square meters of floor space on 4 floors and an extension building of 2,285 square meters of floor space. There are 160 beds and 5 operating theatres. The hospital has a range of highly specialized medical care, including the diagnosis of diseases and specialized treatment. There is a catheterization lab and an MRI digital scanner.

Anthony Smith (fighter)

Anthony Smith (born July 26, 1988) is an American professional mixed martial artist. He currently competes in the Light Heavyweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional competitor since 2008, Smith has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and Bellator. As of December 12, 2023, he is #10 in the UFC light heavyweight rankings.

Radim Drejsl

Radim Drejsl (29 April 1923 – 20 April 1953) was a Czech composer, pianist and conductor. He is considered an important composer of politically engaged songs promoting visions of Czechoslovak communist regime in the 1950s. Drejsl applied the ideas of socialist realism in his music.

Abu Hamza al-Masri

Abu Hamza al-Masri was a Egyptian Imam born in Alexandria, Egypt in the year 1958. Al-Masri moved to the UK in 1979 with the intent to preach Alevi Islam. He originally called the UK, "a paradise where you could do anything you wanted" however he retracted these claims after he joined Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and converted to Sunni Islam. He was later arrested for terrorism in 2004 and was given a life sentence in 2017 for terrorism.

Rishabhdeo

Rikhabdeo ( Rishabhadeo) is a town in Udaipur district in the state of Rajasthan, in north-west India.

Rishabhadeo is situated from Udaipur and is on Udaipur-Ahmedabad Road. The name of the town is also Dhulev The place got its name from a Bhil chieftain named Dhuleva who guarded the temple of Lord Rishabhdev.

Ravina Raj Kohli

Ravina Raj Kohli, earlier President of the STAR News and the Chief Executive officer of Channel Nine, is one of the prominent media personalities of India.


Boston (band)

Boston is an American rock band formed in 1976 by Tom Scholz in Boston, Massachusetts, that experienced significant commercial success during the 1970s and 1980s. The band's core members include multi-instrumentalist, founder and leader Scholz, who played the majority of instruments on the band's 1976 self-titled debut album, and former lead vocalist Brad Delp, among a number of other musicians who varied from album to album.

Pseudophilautus dilmah

The Dilmah shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus dilmah") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Loolkandura, 1324 meters above sea level.

Healthcare in Rwanda

Rwanda has a universal health care system. It has been set up since 1996. It is considered to be one of the highest-quality health systems in Africa.

President Kagame has made healthcare a priority. In 2008, the government spent 9.7% of the budget on healthcare, compared with 3.2% in 1996. There is a system of health insurance providers called "mutuelles de santé". They run at the level of Rwanda's thirty districts. The cost is according to wealth. The poorest citizens get free health insurance and the wealthiest paying premiums of US$8 per adult a year. The government set up training institutes including the Kigali Health Institute. That was started in 1997 and is now part of the University of Rwanda. There are 499 health centers, 42 district hospitals and 58,286 Community Health Workers who provide primary care in the 14,837 villages. There are four national specialist hospitals, which are Kigali University Teaching Hospital, Butare University Teaching Hospital, King Faisal Hospital Kigali and the Rwanda Military Hospital. 

University of Rwanda

University of Rwanda is a public collegiate, multi campus university based in Kigali, Rwanda. It was formed in 2013 by merger of previously independent education institutions. It is the largest education institution in Rwanda. There are six independent self-governing colleges on eight campuses. 

In 2021–2022 the university had 31,506 students, with 2058 in Masters Programs and 324 in Doctorate Programs.

Ferdinand I of Austria

Ferdinand I ( 19 April 1793 – 29 June 1875) was Emperor of Austria from March 1835 until his abdication in December 1848. He was also King of Hungary, Croatia and Bohemia (as Ferdinand V), King of Lombardy–Venetia and holder of many other lesser titles

Abu Khaled

Abu Khaled (, "Abū Khāled") is the "nom de guerre" of a Palestinian militant commander who is the spokesperson for the National Resistance Brigades, the military wing of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a leftist political and military organization. Nothing is known of his identity or personal life. He was active on Twitter before his account was removed. He has been the spokesperson for the organization for more than a decade. In 2022, he resigned from his position over controversy surrounding the DFLP's participation in the Palestinian Central Council, but has since rejoined the organization. On October 8, 2023, he announced the DFLP's involvement in 2023 Hamas-led attack on Israel.

Rao

The word "Rao" derived from "Rai" which mean king or superior one. Rao is a title generally refers to Kshatriyas and now a few people use the word Rao along with the name to get the pride

It is not certain that Rao is used for specific castes. People of different caste of different provinces use Rao with their name. Rao is a title and a surname native to India. It is used mostly in states of Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, and Telangana. Even in China, there is surname called Rao

Other variations of "Rai" are "Roy" and "Rao". These are also used as titles by Kolis, Bhumihars and Yadavs. Rai was the title used by the Zamindars (landowners) of Eastern Uttar Pradesh and Bihar during the colonial rule after the Permanent settlement system introduced in Bengal-Bihar and the state of Benaras.

Karol Dobiaš

Karol Dobiaš (born 18 December 1947) is a former Slovak football player and coach. He played as a defender or a midfielder. During his career, he was a versatile player, mostly playing as a mdfielder. He was renowned as a strong, quick, tenacious footballer and a team player who stood out for his outstanding defensive class and playmaking abilities in defence and in midfield, he was praised for his speed and his tackling, and he is considered as one of the best defenders and midfielders ever in football history. He was chosen as Czechoslovak Footballer of the Year in 1970 and 1971.

Karol Dobiaš played for Baník Handlová in his youth. In 1965 he moved to Spartak Trnava, with whom he won the Czechoslovak championship five times and the Czechoslovak Cup three times. From 1970 to 1971, he was recognized as the best footballer in Czechoslovakia. In 1977 he moved to Bohemians Prague. In the Czechoslovak League, Dobiaš played 344 games, scoring 20 goals. In 1980 he was allowed to move abroad and went to the Belgian club KSC Lokeren. He finished his career in 1984 with FC Heirnis Gent.
Karol Dobiáš made his debut for Czechoslovakia on 3 May 1967 in Basel, in a friendly match against Switzerland, playing 64 minutes before being replaced by Vladimír Táborský. Dobias participated in the 1970 FIFA World Cup, playing all 3 matches without being substituted. As a member of the Czechoslovakian national team, Karol Dobiáš became the 1976 European champion, in the final match in the 25th minute, after a mistake by Franz Beckenbauer, Dobiáš scored the second goal against West Germany from distance. At the 1980 UEFA European Championship, Dobiáš was part of the squad but did not play in the tournament. Dobiáš played his last match for the national team on 26 March 1980, as in his first match against Switzerland, again in Basel. In total, Karol Dobiáš played 67 matches for the Czechoslovakia national team, scoring 6 goals.
As a coach, Karol Dobiáš worked with the youth team of Bohemians for 4 years, and in 1988 he took charge of Hradec Králové, but was soon fired. In September 1990, Dobiáš became the head coach of Zbrojovka, the first season under Dobiáš ended in failure for the club from Brno: the team took the last place in the standings, leaving the First League. Dobiáš continued to work with the club and in one season brought it back to the First League (at that time the club was called Bobi Brno). In the 1993/94 season, Karol Dobiáš coached Sparta Prague, with whom he won the first Czech championship. Later, he headed the club Sparta Krč, worked as a scout at Sparta, and in the 2003/04 season he was an assistant coach of Bohemians. During the 2008 European Championships, he was a pundit on the Czech version of the Eurosport channel.
As player
As coach
 
Individiual


Umm El Qa'ab

Umm El Qaʻāb (sometimes spelled Umm El Gaʻab) is a burial place for Early Dynasty Period kings in Abydos, Egypt. Its name in Arabic means "Mother of Pots" because there are many broken pieces of pots and dishes all around. In ancient times, people left offerings here, and that's why there are so many pieces left behind. 


It's known as "Cemetery B", this area contains the Early Dynastic tombs of the pharaohs of the First Dynasty of Egypt and the last two kings of the Second Dynasty.


The last two kings of the Second Dynasty wre buried at Umm El Qa'ab

Candido Portinari

Candido Portinari (December 29, 1903 – February 6, 1962) was a Brazilian painter. He was the son of Italian emmigrants. He was one of the most important Brazilian painters and a leading name in the neo-realism style.

Portinari painted a large number of canvas, more than five thousand canvases. He did historical and realistic paintings. He also created to monumental works like the "War and Peace" panels, donated to the United Nations Headquarters in 1956. His body of work reflects his Marxist beliefs.

Grand Orient de France

Grand Orient de France (acronym GODF, translated as "Grand Orient of France") is the oldest and largest of several Masonic organizations based in France and the oldest in continental Europe (as it was formed from an older Grand Lodge of France in 1773 and briefly absorbed the rear of the older body in 1799, so that it can date its foundation to 1728 or 1733). The Grand Orient de France is generally regarded as the "mother lodge" of Continental Freemasonry.

The motto "Liberté", "Egalité", "Fraternité", which it adopted in 1848, follows the pages of history and voluntarily merges with the French Republic.


Graham Ivan Clark

Graham Ivan Clark (born January 9, 2003) is an American hacker and cybercriminal, who was behind the 2020 Twitter account hijacking.

Graham Ivan Clark grew up in Hillsborough County, Florida, with his mother, father, and sister. When he was a teenager, Clark used nicknames while being a part of online communities, including "Minecraft". In 2018, Graham joined OGUsers, a forum that is dedicated to selling, buying, and trading online accounts with 'cool' usernames. He was banned on the forums due to scamming Minecraft Capes.

In 2019, at the age of 16, Clark was involved in stealing 164 bitcoins from Gregg Bennett, an investor in Seattle using a SIM swap attack. The United States Secret Service was only able to recover 100 bitcoins.

Clark is widely known as the "mastermind" of the 2020 Twitter account hijacking, an event where Clark and two partners hacked 130 high-profile Twitter accounts to do a cryptocurrency scam involving bitcoin, and stealing "OG" usernames to sell on the OGUsers forum.

On July 31, 2020, Clark was arrested at his home in Northdale, Florida. He faced 30 criminal charges, including 17 counts of communication fraud, 11 counts of fraudulent use of personal information, one count of organized fraud for more than $5,000, and one count of accessing a computer or electronic device without authority. His bail was set at $725,000 and he pleaded not guilty. 

His hearing was held on March 16, 2021 via Zoom at Hillsborough County Jail. He was sentenced to three years in prison followed by three years of probation as part of a plea deal under Florida's Youthful Offender Act, which limits the penalties of convicted felons under the age of 21.

Clark was released from Saint Petersburg Community Release Center on February 16, 2023.

Maffick

Maffick LLC is a digital media company based in Los Angeles, California. It has been labelled a Russian-backed entity due to its connections to Maffick Media GmbH, which was owned by RT. 

On February 28, 2022, CEO Anissa Naouai terminated Maffick's service agreement with RT following the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

According to CNN, Maffick "videos are generally critical of U.S. foreign policy and the mainstream American media, while largely avoiding criticism of the Russian government." Its content is aimed at American millennials.

The company runs three main brands: "In the Now" (ITN), "Wasted-ED", and "Soapbox". By mid-2018, "In The Now" had three million likes on Facebook; by mid-2020, it had five million followers.

L'Officiel

L'Officiel de la couture et de la mode de Paris, more commonly known as L'Officiel, is an international French monthly fashion magazine. It has been published in Paris since 1921. It targets upper-income women aged from 25 to 49.

"L'Officiel" was first published in 1921. Within a short time, the magazine helped make designers like Pierre Balmain, Cristóbal Balenciaga, Christian Dior, and Yves St. Laurent well-known.

The magazine has over 30 different international editions.

In 1980 "时装 (Fashion)" was founded and by the mid-1980s had almost reached a circulation of 300,000. As of 2021, L'Officiel China had a circulation of 839,000.

"L'Officiel Italia" originally lasted briefly between the 1970s and 1990s.

"L'Officiel USA" was originally launched in 1976, but was later shut down in 1980. In 2017 "L'Officiel USA" launched online headed, with the first print edition in February 2018. The Magazine is based in New York City. In December 2021, the City of New York brought an action against L'Officiel USA claiming that the magazine had failed to pay freelance contributors.<ref name="nytimes2021/12/02"> Archived 2 December 2021.</ref><ref name="nytimes.com/2016/10/28"></ref> A settlement was reached in July 2023 with L'Officiel agreeing to pay 41 freelancers $275,000 USD.

Other International editions



List of countries and territories where Spanish is an official language

Spanish is the official language of 24 independent nations, 2 dependent territories and 10 integrated territories. The following is a list of sovereign states and dependent territories where Spanish is a "de jure" or "de facto" official language.

This table shows the population of the countries, not the number of Spanish speakers.


Rhythm is a Dancer

Rhythm is a Dancer is a song by Snap!. Snap! is German. The song came out in March of 1992. It has vocals by Thea Austin. The song is on the album, The Madman's Return and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom.








Move Your Body (Eiffel 65 song)

"Move Your Body (Eiffel 65 song)" is a song by Italian music group, Eiffel 65. The song is featured on their album, Europop, from 4 November 1999.

Geography of Israel

The Geography of Israel is very different from desert weather to snowy mountains. Israel controls airspace, maritime border and its own border with Gaza. Occupied in 1967, unilaterally disengaged in 2005, declared a foreign entity in 2007.

It's a Fine Day

It's a Fine Day is a song written in 1983 by Edward Barton. It has been covered by Miss Jane and Opus III and went to number 1 in Greece.

Agustín Jerónimo de Iturbide y Huarte

Agustín Jerónimo de Iturbide y Huarte (30 September 1807 – 11 December 1866) was the eldest son of the first Emperor of Mexico, Agustín I of Mexico. He was the heir apparent to the First Mexican Empire and a member of the Imperial House of Iturbide.

Nite and Day

Nite and Day is a 1988 song by singer, Al B. Sure!. There was a music video for the song. It went to number 7 on the hit list charts in the United States.

Lars Erik Humlekjær

Lars Erik Humlekjær (born 1971) is a Norwegian archer. Erik Humlekjær competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Egil Borgen Johansen

Egil Borgen Johansen (14 March 1934 – 5 March 1993) was a Norwegian archer. Borgen Johansen competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Midnight City

Midnight City is a 2011 song by French music group, M83. It went to number 34 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in Scotland, number 37 in Australia and number 8 in France.

On 27 September 2011, M83 released a remix EP in advance of the album. The following tracks were on the EP:

Grand Mufti of India

The Grand Mufti of India is the most influential religious authority of the Sunni Muslim Community of India. The current holder is Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad, who was conferred the title in February 2019.

The role is to give opinions ("fatawa") on Islamic legal matters and social affairs.

The first Grand Mufti of India, Shah Fazle Rasool Badayuni was chosen by the final Mughal Emperor, Bahadur Shah Zafar.

In the British ruling period, Islamic scholars noted Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi who was the spiritual leader of Indian Muslims, scholar and revivalist. Thousands of students liked his work and requested him to become Grand Mufti, but he declined. Instead, his student Amjad Ali Aazmi was elected.

Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad was sworn in as the Grand Mufti of India on 24 February 2019 at the Ramlila Maidan. He became the first Grand Mufti from south India.


Northern Skies

Northern Skies is a song by British singer, Dido.

Guadalupe Pineda

María Guadalupe Pineda Aguilar (born February 23, 1955) is a Mexican singer.

Living After Midnight

"Living After Midnight" is a 1980 song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest. It is the leading single from their sixth studio album "British Steel" and went to number 12 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by The Donnas for their fourth studio album "The Donnas Turn 21" in 2002 and Disturbed in 2010.

Billboard Argentina

Billboard Argentina is the Argentine edition of the international magazine Billboard. Founded in 2013, it is owned by Sociedad de Editores ABC1.


Pedro Américo

Pedro Américo de Figueiredo e Melo (29 April 1843 – 7 October 1905) was a Brazilian painter. He was also a writer, art theorist, essayist, and professor, but became known as one of the most important academic painters of Brazil.

He was influenced by neoclassicism, romanticism and realism in his painting, where it stands out his works related to the history of Brazil, like "Independência ou Morte!", about the proclamation of the independence of his country, in 1822.

Hubal

Hubal was a Saudi Arabian moon god worshipped by the Quarysh tribe in Makkah. The idol of the God was shaped similarly to a Human and the people of Makkah throwed arrows at the idol so they could get favors out of the God. However in 630, Muhammad destroyed all of the idols in Makkah including Hubal using a rod. The idol was seen as the greatest of the 360 idols by the Quraysh.

Derek Stirling

Derek Alexander Stirling was born 5 October, 1961 in Upper Hutt and died 13 December, 2023. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played six test matches and six one-day internationals from 1984 to 1986. He also played for Central Districts and Wellington in the Plunket Shield. He was the fourth cousin to cricketer Geoff Allott.


Fly Away (Lenny Kravitz song)

"Fly Away" is a 1998 song by Lenny Kravitz and is the fourth single from his fifth studio album "5". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Iceland, number 12 in the United States and made the top 10 in Scotland, New Zealand, Australia, Canada and Ireland. It won a Grammy Award in 1999.

International CD and cassette single

European CD single

French CD single

Shane Nigam

Shane Nigam is an Indian actor who appears in Malayalam films. Having made his debut in a credited role with the 2013 road film "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi" (2013), he went to receive wider attention for his performances in various successful drama films "Kismath" (2016), "Parava" (2017), "Kumbalangi Nights" (2019), "Ishq" (2019), "Bhoothakaalam" (2022), and (2023).


Naysila Mirdad

Naysila Nafulany Mirdad or better known as Naysila Mirdad (born in Jakarta, Indonesia on 23 May 1988) is an Indonesian actress of mixed Dutch, Sangirese, Minahasan and Javanese descent.

Varma Films

Varma Films was a film production and distribution company founded in Bombay, India and predominantly involved in producing and distributing Hindi-language films.

Khaplu

Khaplu (ཁ་པུ་ལུ།) is a city in northeastern Pakistan. It is the administrative capital of Ghanche District in Baltistan. The city is 103 km east of Skardu. It was the capital of the second-largest kingdom in Baltistan under the Yabgo dynasty. Khaplu served as a key point on the trade route to Ladakh and East Tukestan along the Shyok River. The city is a starting point for treks into the Hushe valley, leading to Masherbrum, K6, K7, and Chogolisa peaks.

Khaplu is an ancient city and has many historic monuments and sites like the 700-year-old Chaqchan mosque and Khilingrong mosque, founded by Ameer Kabeer Syed Ali Hamadani, along with other tourist sites like Ehlie broq, Hanjor, ThoqsiKhar, Kaldaq, and the Shyok River.

In the late 14th century, Syed Ali Hamdani came to Khaplu and converted people to Islam from Tibetan Buddhism and Bon. Many mosques and khanqahs attributed to him still exist.

Khaplu was once an independent kingdom ruled by the Yabgo dynasty, the second-largest in Baltiyul after the Makpon Empire. In 1974, the rulers of Khaplu acceded their state to Pakistan, ending their rule of over a thousand years. In the 17th and 18th centuries, Khaplu had strong ties with Ladakh and Makpon (Skardu) due to the marriages between the Royal families.

Captain Claude Martin Wade was likely the first European to visit Khaplu in 1835. Other travelers like William Moorcroft, George Trebeck, Godfrey Vigne, Alexander Cunningham, and Thomas Thomson explored and wrote about Khaplu's beauty and historical significance in the 19th and early 20th centuries.


Nagarjuna

Nagarjuna was a Buddhist monk and philosopher in the Mahayana tradition, known for the Madhyamaka school of Buddhism. He is highly regarded as one of the most important Buddhist philosophers, and credited as the founder of Madhyamaka philosophy. 

His key work is the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā (Root Verses on Madhyamaka), and is a important text explaining the philosophy of emptiness in Madhyamaka. Jan Westerhoff considers Nagarjuna to be among the greatest thinkers in the history of Asian philosophy.

We have limited reliable information about Nagarjuna's life, and historians disagree on when and where he lived (possibly 1st to 3rd century CE in various places). The earliest surviving accounts were written in Chinese and Tibetan centuries after his death and are mostly hagiographical accounts that are historically unverifiable. The earliest accounts were written centuries later in Chinese and Tibetan, mainly offering hagiographical, unverifiable details.

Some scholars, like Joseph Walser, suggest Nagarjuna served as an advisor to a king of the Satavahana dynasty in the 2nd century, possibly Yajna Sri Satakarni, based on archaeological findings at Amaravati. This places Nagarjuna around 150–250 CE.


Shadia Martinez Lozada

Shadia Martinez Lozada (born December 10, 1981) is the president of the Mexican DIF in Mineral de la Reforma.

Lozada holds a master's degree in Public Image Engineering and works as a dental surgeon at the Autonomous University of the State of Hidalgo. She received training in orthodontics at the Technological University of Mexico. 

She is the Presidentof the Board of Trustees of the "DIF Mineral de la Reforma Municipal System".

At the Tú y Yo Crecimiento Juntos Foundation, she serves as president in the State of Hidalgo. Lozada established the first free insulin bank in the entire State of Hidalgo.The foundation is responsible for carrying out charitable works such as health care and education for infants, provision of housing and health centers for low-income families and other works of general interest, mainly in the state of Hidalgo. 

Will Hatton

Will Hatton is a British traveler and founder of the award-winning travel blog, "The Broke Backpacker". He started his career as a freelance writer by writing for many major publications, like BBC, , and Yahoo!.

Hatton was born in Burgess Hill, England. During his early life, he spent a lot of time hiking and camping in the woods. Hatton planned to join the Royal Marines but was badly injured in Costa Rica while hiking and spent a year recovering. After this, he could no longer get into the armed forces, so he hit the road and began hitchhiking around the world.

Hatton is a professional traveler and travel blogger. He started traveling at a very young age, and until 2020, he had traveled to over 100 countries. India was the first country he blogged about, and he spent two years there while he was just 19 years old and broke, living in train stations and getting around by hitchhiking.

He founded "The Broke Backpacker", a travel blog, in January 2013 to record his travels and inspire others to ditch their desks and hit the road in search of adventure and personal development.

In 2017, Hatton was named one of Forbes' most influential people under 30.

His travels in Venezuela and his experience getting tattooed by Whang-od in Philippines helped him build up a considerable following on Snapchat, which he later used to launch tours to Pakistan and Iran.

He founded Epic Backpacker Tours, a company taking guests to Pakistan, in 2015 and led some of the first expeditions into Pakistan, a country that is now popular with adventure seekers. Hatton was also involved in setting up a small guesthouse with a local family in the mountains. Hatton sold his stake in Epic Backpacker Tours in 2020 and is no longer involved in that company.

In 2022, he co-founded Tribal Bali, a co-working hostel for online entrepreneurs and digital nomads in Bali, Indonesia. Tribal Bali has since won an award as the best digital nomad hostel in the world.

Hatton was in Istanbul, Turkey, and living in the area of when the occurred near the and the Hagia Sophia, an area popular among tourists. He was just a minute away from the bombing area and was saved, and the same day he was supposed to leave Turkey for Iran and Pakistan.

While Hatton was in Iran during his travels, he met a Persian girl on a social media platform and got married to her after converting to Islam. Both lived and traveled together for about four years.

Hatton's Islamic name is Reza. He is a non-practicing Muslim.

Ivo Viktor

Ivo Viktor (born 21 May 1942) is a Czech former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for Czechoslovakia, representing his country on 63 occasions between 1966 and 1977, taking part in the 1970 FIFA World Cup and winning the 1976 European Championship. Regarded as one of the best goalkeepers of his generation in Europe in his prime, he was characterized as a renowned shot-stopper, who came off his line very quick to avoid conceding goals against him, he was often considered as a sweeper-keeper and he was a penalty-stopper in his prime, he placed third in the 1976 Ballon d'Or, and was a five-time winner of the Czechoslovak Footballer of the Year award, and a two-time winner of the European Goalkeeper of the Year award.

Viktor played as a junior in the Spartak Šternberk team and later represented in the 1960–1961 season Železárny Prostějovia, in the 1961–1962 season RH Brnota, in the season 1962–1963 Spartak Brnota and in the seasons 1963–1977 Dukla Prague. He won the Czechoslovakia championship in 1964, 1966 and 1977. In the 1966–1967 season, Dukla Praha won the European Cup with the combined goals of two matches 1–3, in the first round when the team knocked out Danish Esbjerg. In the second round against Belgian Anderlecht. Viktor played all eight cup matches. In the quarter-finals, Dukla won to Dutch Ajax and, in the semi-finals Dukla lost to Celtic.

Viktor made his debut in the national team of his country in 1966 at "Maracanã" in a match against the national team Brazil. He played 63 matches for the Czechoslovak national team in the period 1966–1977, including captaining the team in 17 matches. He was a participant in the final tournament of the 1970 World Championship.

At the European Championship in 1976, he became one of the brightest players of the tournament and helped the Czechoslovak national team win gold medals. According to the results of the tournament, he received the prize of the best goalkeeper, and at the end of the year he took third place in the competition of the best football players of the year in Europe Golden Ball. His last international appearance was against Hungary in 1977.

Viktor took charge of Dukla Prague for one season as manager, in the 1990–91 Czechoslovak First League. The club finished the season in 11th place.





ISO 3166-2:PK

ISO 3166-2:PK is a standard code for Pakistan's subdivisions like provinces and territories. It's part of the ISO 3166 standard by the International Organization for Standardization. Pakistan has codes for 1 federal capital territory, 4 provinces, and 2 administered areas. Islamabad Capital Territory, with special status, contains the country's capital, Islamabad. Each code has two parts: PK (the alpha-2 code for Pakistan) and two letters representing the specific subdivision.

Subdivision names are listed as per the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA). Following ISO 639-1 codes represent subdivision names in English (en) and Urdu (ur):


Manuel de la Mata

Manuel de la Mata (23 October 1947 - 13 August 2022) was a Brazilian painter, portrait artist and author of Spanish and French nationality with residence in Brazil.

Manuel de la Mata studied sciences and humanities at the "Université Jean Jaurès", formerly known as "Université du Mirail", in France, and at the "Universidad Complutense" in Spain.

He graduated from the "Institut Normale d'Etudes Françaises" in France.









Ballyhaunis

Ballyhaunis is a town in County Mayo. It is Ireland's most diverse town. It has the first purpose-built mosque in Ireland. It was built in 1986. A halal meat plant was built there by a Pakistani businessman in the 1970s. In 2023 40% of the population was born abroad. 

Philautus surdus

The Luzon bubble-nest frog, Davao bubble-nest frog, or Williams' bubble-nest frog ("Philautus surdus") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines. People have seen it on four islands: Bohol, Mindanao, Luzon, and Polillo, usually higher than 650 meters above sea level.

Wonderful Wonderful (The Killers album)

Wonderful Wonderful is the fitfth album released by The Killers. It was released September 22, 2017. It was their first studio album since Battle Born, which was released September 17, 2012. It was successful, most likely due to it being their return after 5 years of radio silence.

Nyanza, Rwanda

Nyanza, also known as Nyabisindu, is a town located in Nyanza District in the Southern Province of Rwanda. Nyanza is the capital of the Southern Province. It was the capital of the Kingdom of Rwanda from 1958 to 1962.

The town has two dairies. Laiterie de Nyabasindu is one of Rwanda's largest milk and yogurt producing companies. The town is famous for its yogurt and kefir.

It has the building of the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.

Samuel Sunil Mankhin

Samuel Sunil Mankhin is a Bangladeshi bishop who has currently serving as the Primate & Archbishop of Dhaka since 2019 of Church of Bangladesh. Mankhin was previously the Bishop of Kustia, serving for many year. Ex officio, he is the Primate of All Bangladesh and the Archbishop of Church of Bangladesh.

Kibuye, Rwanda

Kibuye is a city in Karongi District, and the capital of the Western Province in Rwanda.

Kibuye is a beach resort and is within driving distance of two national parks. There is a genocide memorial marking the massacre of 90% of the town's Tutsi population in the Rwandan Genocide. The Ndaba Falls are near the city.

Both Kibuye Power Plant 1 and KivuWatt Power Station are within Kibuye.

Byumba

Byumba is a city in northern Rwanda and is the capital of Gicumbi District. There is an SOS Children's Village. It is about 60 kilometres (37 mi), north of the capital Kigali. and about 30 kilometres (19 mi), south of the border with Uganda at Gatuna.

Rwamagana

Rwamagana is a city and capital of both the Rwamagana District and the Eastern Province in Rwanda.

It is about 50 km (31 mi) from Kigali, on the newly renovated road leading east towards Tanzania.

Vikas Bahl

Vikas Bahl is an Indian filmmaker, best known for directing and scripting the comedy drama film "Queen" (2013).

Lover (album)

Lover is the seventh studio album by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on August 23, 2019, through Republic RecordsCertifications

Kamlesh Patel (Daaji)

Kamlesh D. Patel (born 1956 in Gujarat) also known as Daaji among his followers, is a spiritual leader, author and the fourth in the line of Rāja yoga masters in the Sahaj Marg system of spiritual practice.


Valmiki Nayak

Valmiki Nayak (5 June 1951 – 17 July 2021) was an Indian politician and a former member of Karnataka Legislative Assembly from Chittapur constituency.


Shubhangi Atre

Shubhangi Atre (born 11 April 1981) is an Indian television actress. Atre debuted in acting with Ekta Kapoor's "Kasautii Zindagii Kay" where she played Palchinn Basu.


Nikita Kuzmin

Nikita Kuzmin is a Ukrainian-Italian dancer and choreographer. He is best known for being a professional dancer on the RTL and BBC One dance competitions "Let's Dance" and "Strictly Come Dancing".

Kanika Banerjee

Kanika Banerjee (12 October 1924 – 5 April 2000) was an Bengali Rabindra Sangeet singer.Born on 12 October 1924 at Sonamukhi in Bankura district, Kanika joined Visva-Bharati University, Santiniketan in West Bengal, India

Shivamogga Airport

Shivamogga Airport, officially renamed as Rashtrakavi Kuvempu Airport ,

Jivanmukta

A jīvanmukta, literally meaning 'liberated while living', is a person who, in the Vedānta philosophy, has gained complete self-knowledge and self-realisation and attained "kaivalya" or "moksha" (enlightenment and liberation), thus is liberated while living and not yet died.

Nad Narimani

Nad Narimani (born April 14, 1987) is an English mixed martial artist. He was the formal Cage Warriors Fighting Championship featherweight champion and he competed in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.

Forum Culiacán

The Forum Culiacán is a shopping mall located in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico, in "Desarrollo Urbano 3 Ríos" ("3 Rivers Urban Development"), one of the biggest districts in the city, next to Culiacan river.

Elante Mall

Elante Mall is a shopping mall in Chandigarh, India. With a gross leasable area of , it is the 7th largest shopping mall in Northern India and the 10th largest in India. 

Varsha Bollamma

Varsha Bollamma is an Indian actress who predominantly works in Tamil and Telugu films.

Bambari, Iran

Bambari (, also Romanized as Bambarī) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 346, in 72 families.

Sampath Nandi

Sampath Nandi (born 20 June 1980) is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer who works primarily in Telugu cinema.


Isimi Lagos

Isimi Lagos is a planned city of Lagos State, Nigeria, under construction in Epe Town. The new city is designed to house up to 10,000 residents, with a completion timeline set to 2030.


Varsity Blues scandal

In 2019, a scandal arose over a criminal conspiracy to influence undergraduate admissions decisions at several top American universities. The investigation into the conspiracy was code named Operation Varsity Blues. The investigation and related charges were made public on March 12, 2019, by United States federal prosecutors. At least 53 people have been charged as part of the conspiracy,

Muhammad Ridha al-Sistani

Muhammad Ridha al-Sistani (Persian/Arabicː مەحمەد ڕضا حەسەنی سیستانی) was a Iraqi Shiite Imam born in the year 1962 and the grandson of Ali al-Sistani. Al-Sistani runs the office of his father and controls work with finances. 

ASD FC Sassari Torres Femminile

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica FC Sassari Torres Femminile (usually referred to simply as Torres or sometimes named Eurospin Torres due to sponsorship) is an Italian women's association football club based in Sassari.

Machine Gun Kelly

Machine Gun Kelly can mean:


Anna Mae Yu Lamentillo

Anna Mae Yu Lamentillo ( ; born February 7, 1991) is a Filipino government official, academic, columnist and author. Spanning a career of eight years in the civil service, Lamentillo worked under four different administrations. In November 2022, she was appointed Undersecretary for Public Affairs and Foreign Relations in the Department of Information and Communications Technology. To date, she is the youngest Filipino to hold the post. Prior to this, she was Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs of the same department.

From December 2016 to October 2021, Lamentillo assumed the role as chairperson of the Build, Build, Build Committee of the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) and as concurrent chairperson of the Infrastructure Cluster Communications Committee.

Before entering public service, she worked as a communications consultant of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) during their Haiyan Emergency Response and Rehabilitation Program.

Lamentillo is a graduate of University of the Philippines-Los Banos (UPLB), where she graduated cum laude and was given a distinction, the Faculty Medal for Academic Excellence, for obtaining the highest General Weighted Average for Development Journalism Majors of her batch. She also holds a Juris Doctor degree from the University of the Philippines Diliman and an executive certificate from the Harvard Kennedy School. Currently, she is pursuing a masters degree at the London School of Economics.

She holds the rank of Auxiliary Commodore (one-star general) at the Philippine Coast Guard.

Ball Pond, Connecticut

Ball Pond is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bethel (CDP), Connecticut

Bethel is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bigelow Corners, Connecticut

Bigelow Corners is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bogus Hill, Connecticut

Bogus Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Botsford, Connecticut

Botsford is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Branchville, Connecticut

Branchville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Brookfield Center, Connecticut

Brookfield Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Byram, Connecticut

Byram is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Isle, Connecticut

Candlewood Isle is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Knolls, Connecticut

Candlewood Knolls is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Orchards, Connecticut

Candlewood Orchards is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Shores, Connecticut

Candlewood Shores is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Cannondale, Connecticut

Cannondale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Coleytown, Connecticut

Coleytown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Compo, Connecticut

Compo is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Daniels Farm, Connecticut

Daniels Farm is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Darien Downtown, Connecticut

Darien Downtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Dodgingtown, Connecticut

Dodgingtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

East Village, Connecticut

East Village is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Glenville, Connecticut

Glenville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Greens Farms, Connecticut

Greens Farms is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Greenwich (CDP), Connecticut

Greenwich is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Hawleyville, Connecticut

Hawleyville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Indian Field, Connecticut

Indian Field is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Inglenook, Connecticut

Inglenook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Kellogg Point, Connecticut

Kellogg Point is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Knollcrest, Connecticut

Knollcrest is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lakes East, Connecticut

Lakes East is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lakes West, Connecticut

Lakes West is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lakeside Woods, Connecticut

Lakeside Woods is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lordship, Connecticut

Lordship is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Mamanasco Lake, Connecticut

Mamanasco Lake is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Murray, Connecticut

Murray is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

New Canaan (CDP), Connecticut

New Canaan is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Noroton, Connecticut

Noroton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Noroton Heights, Connecticut

Noroton Heights is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Old Hill, Connecticut

Old Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Oronoque, Connecticut

Oronoque is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Pemberwick, Connecticut

Pemberwick is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Plattsville, Connecticut

Plattsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Poplar Plains, Connecticut

Poplar Plains is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Redding Center, Connecticut

Redding Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Ridgebury, Connecticut

Ridgebury is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Ridgefield (CDP), Connecticut

Ridgefield is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Riverside, Connecticut

Riverside is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Rock Ridge, Connecticut

Rock Ridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Sail Harbor, Connecticut

Sail Harbor is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Sandy Hook, Connecticut

Sandy Hook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Saugatuck, Connecticut

Saugatuck is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Sherman (CDP), Connecticut

Sherman is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

South Wilton, Connecticut

South Wilton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Southport, Connecticut

Southport is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Staples, Connecticut

Staples is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Stepney, Connecticut

Stepney is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Tashua, Connecticut

Tashua is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Taylor Corners, Connecticut

Taylor Corners is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Tokeneke, Connecticut

Tokeneke is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Topstone, Connecticut

Topstone is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Trumbull Center, Connecticut

Trumbull Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

West Mountain, Connecticut

West Mountain is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Weston (CDP), Connecticut

Weston is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Westport Village, Connecticut

Westport Village is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Wilton Center, Connecticut

Wilton Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bård Nesteng

Bård Magnus Nesteng (born 14 May 1979, in Fredrikstad, Norway) is a Norwegian archer. Nesteng competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Jan Roger Skyttesæter

Jan Roger Skyttesæter (born 8 April 1956) is a retired Norwegian archer. Roger Skyttesæter competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Qadiani

Qadiani is a slur used to refer to members of the Ahmadi Muslims mainly in the country of Pakistan. The term orignates from the township of Qadian, India which is the birthplace of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, who founded the subsect of Shia Islam, the Ahmadiyya movement. While it is disliked by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, the term is used by official Pakistani documents to refer to Ahmadis. 

Alan Wake 2

Alan Wake 2 (or Alan Wake II) is a 2023 survival horror game. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Epic Games Publishing. It is the sequel to Alan Wake. The game was released for PlayStation 5, Windows and Xbox Series X/S on 27 October 2023.

Characters: One of the characters is Saga Anderson, an FBI agent with supernatural abilities.

Totalitär

Totalitär is a Swedish hardcore punk band formed in 1984-1985 in Hudiksvall. The band plays in the style of D-beat and hardcore punk.

The first members were Poffen, Lanchy, Andreas and Lennart. Their drummer, Spennart joined the band in 1985, but quit during the summer of 1986. The band shared members between many local bands in Hudiksvall. Jörgen and Jesper from the two-piece band TGU were in the band between 1987 and 1989, before leaving to make the punk band The Kristet Utseende.

The band went on a hiatus in 1990. In 1994, Finn Records asked them to reform the band, which made the band make "Sin Egen Motståndare", their first full-length album. The band made studio material and rarely played live until 2000, where the band broke up. The band also had a fanzine called "Antisystem," which was the band's old name"."

In 2006, they made an album called "Vi Är Eliten".








Fantasy (Appleton song)

"Fantasy" is a 2002 song by Canadian-British duo Appleton. It is the leading single from their one and only album "Everything's Eventual". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 56 in Australia, number 29 in Italy and number 15 in Ireland.

Markus Lüpertz

Markus Lüpertz (born 25 April 1941) is a German painter, sculptor, graphic artist, and writer. He also has his own magazine, and he is a jazz pianist. 

Lüpertz is considered one of the most notable German artists of nowadays. He is seen as a neo-expressionist painter and sculptor. He is known for his eccentricity, and has been described in the press as a kind of "painter prince".

Sridhar Vembu

Sridhar Vembu (born 1968) is an Indian billionaire businessman. He created the Zoho Corporation. He has a net worth of $3.75 billion which makes him the 55th richest person in India. He was also awarded the Padma Shri in 2021.

Vembu was born in 1968 in a middle class family, in a village in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras in 1989. He earned MS and PhD degrees from Princeton University in New Jersey.

Vembu started his career working for Qualcomm as a wireless engineer in San Diego, California, before moving to the San Francisco Bay Area.

In 1996, Vembu created software development company for network equipment providers called AdventNet with two of his brothers. The company was renamed Zoho Corporation in 2009, focusing on providing support to Customer relationship management services. 
Vembu was awarded the 2019 Ernst & Young "Entrepreneur of the Year Award" in India. He was also the recipient of the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honor, in 2021. He has also been selected as CNN-News18 Indian of the Year 2022. He was also appointed to the National Security Advisory Board (NSAB) of India in 2021.

Zoho Corporation

Zoho Corporation, is an Indian global technology company that makes computer software and online business tools. The company was created in 1996 by Sridhar Vembu and Tony Thomas and has seven headquarters in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, and Austin in Del Valle, Texas.

From 1996 to 2009, the company was known as AdventNet, Inc. It used to provide management software.

In 2009, the company was renamed Zoho Corporation after the comapny made its online office suite. The company is privately owned.

Zoho had more than 50 million customers in January 2020. In July 2022, the company had more than 80 million users.

List of Odd Squad episodes

Odd Squad is an Canadian and American educational TV series that started on TVOKids, Sprout and PBS Kids in November 2014. The series was made by Tim McKeon and Adam Peltzman. The series is co-produced by Nelvana Fred Rogers Productions and Sinking Ship Entertainment together with TVOKids. There are currently three seasons of the series. A fourth season will start airing in late 2024. 

Odd Squad was renewed for a second season which started on June 20, 2016. The season started with the episode, "Agents of Change," which put together the season finale of the first season and the season premiere of the second season.
On March 28, 2019, Fred Rogers Productions announced a third season of Odd Squad would start in winter 2020. The season was named "Odd Squad: Mobile Unit." It started on February 17, 2020. The protagonists travel the world to solve odd cases. Season 3 started with an hour-long special episode named "Odd Beginnings."
OddTube is a series of short videos on PBS Kids with two seasons. An agent will present interviews and talk about subjects related to math or the series. Season 1 premiered in 2016 during Season 2 of Odd Squad with Agent Olympia as the presenter. 

In 2020, during Season 3A of Odd Squad, Agent Orla was the presenter.

The Source

The Source is an American music and entertainment news website and magazine. Created in 1988 by David Mays, it is the world's oldest rap publication. In 1999, it was the best-selling music magazine in America. But in 2009, the magazine began to lose readership and started to make less money.

The magazine's website began in 1998. It was celebrating its 100th issue.

S'well

S'well is an insulated products company that is headquartered in Manhattan, New York. It is most known for its water bottles.

S'well was started by Sarah Kauss in 2010. She used $30,000 of her own money to start the company. From 2013 to 2014, the company made $10 million in sales.

In 2016, Forbes reported that S'well had more than $100M in sales.

In 2017, the company increased staff at its London headquarters and expanded to 65 countries worldwide.

Inc. (magazine)

Inc. is an international American business magazine. The magazine publishes six issues every year. The magazine also does a few live and virtual events yearly.

"Inc." is best known for ranking the fastest-growing privately held companies in the United States, which they call the "Inc. 500" and "Inc. 5000."

Apart from inc.com, the magazine runs local editions, including:


Cole Bennett

Cole Michael Bennett (born May 14, 1996) is an American director. He started the Lyrical Lemonade in 2013.

Cole Bennett was born on May 14, 1996, in Plano, Illinois. He went to Plano High School. He dropped out of DePaul University to focus on his career in hip hop music.

Bennett started Lyrical Lemonade as a blog and YouTube channel when he was a high school student in Plano, Illinois. His channel also had live show recaps, documentaries and interviews.

In May 2018, he directed the music video for Juice Wrld's "Lucid Dreams", which hit number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. As of December 1, 2023, the video has surpassed 940 million views on YouTube. 

Through Lyrical Lemonade, he has worked with mainstream figures in hip hop such as J. Cole, Wiz Khalifa, Kanye West, and Eminem.

Adweek

Adweek is an American advertising trade magazine that started in 1979.

In 1990, Affiliated Publications Inc., which publishes "The Boston Globe", agreed to buy 80 percent of A/S/M Communications Inc., which published "Adweek".

On June 2, 2020, investment firm Shamrock Capital bought "Adweek" from a private equity firm Beringer Capital, which had bought Adweek in July 2016.

On July 26, 2023, Will Lee was announced as the CEO of "Adweek".

On November 30, 2023, Zoë Ruderman was announced as Chief Content Officer and Drew Schutte as Chief Revenue Officer.

Each year Adweek honors companies and individuals in the marketing and media industry by giving out awards, such as the "Adweek 50," "Brand Genius", "Creative 100", "Agency of the Year", "Media Plan of the Year" and Marketing Vanguard.

Flag-Smasher

Flag-Smasher is a major antagonist in Marvel Comics. He is a supervillainous terrorist who becomes rivalled with Captain America and is also the leader of U.L.T.I.M.A.T.U.M., a terrorist organization that wants to unite mankind and separate them from their symbols. He is also an enemy of Ghost Rider, the Punisher, and Moon Knight. There are three incarnations of the character, the first and original is Karl Morgenthau, the second was Guy Thierrault, and the third was Carl.

He first appeared in "Captain America #312" in December of 1985.

A group called the Flag Smashers appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe / Disney+ series "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021), led by a female version of the Karl Morgenthau incarnation renamed Karli Morgenthau (portrayed by Erin Kellyman).

Trade magazine

A trade magazine, also sometimes called a trade journal or trade paper, is a magazine or newspaper that targets people who work in a certain industry. Trade magazines help keep people that work in the industry or are passionate about the industry keep updated about new developments in an industry.

Ghost Rider (Johnny Blaze)

Johnathon "Johnny" Blaze a.k.a Ghost Rider is a fictional character and antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is an American motorcycle stunt performer, and entertainer turned Spirit of Vengeance. He was the son of famed stuntman Barton Blaze who tragically died during a stunt. He became bound to Zarathos the Spirit of Vengeance after making a deal with the Demon Mephisto to spare the life of his surrogate father Crash Simpson. Now with the power to control Hellfire and to inflict pain on those he deemed evil with his Penance Stare, Blaze seeks vengeance riding his Hell Cycle as the Ghost Rider.

The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as television series, feature movies, and video games. The character was portrayed by Nicolas Cage in the movies "Ghost Rider" (2007) and "" (2011).

Ghost Rider (Robbie Reyes)

Roberto "Robbie" Reyes is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the fifth Marvel character to use the name Ghost Rider, after Carter Slade (the Western comics hero later known as the Phantom Rider), Johnny Blaze, Danny Ketch and Alejandra Jones.

The character was portrayed by Gabriel Luna in the televisions series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." in the fourth season, set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Ghost Rider (Danny Ketch)

Ghost Rider (Daniel "Danny" Ketch) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the third Marvel character to don the identity of Ghost Rider, after Johnny Blaze (the first supernatural Ghost Rider and brother to Danny) and the Western hero known as the Phantom Rider, who used the name in 1967.

A younger version of the character appeared in the 2012 movie "", portrayed by Fergus Riordan.

Rogue (Marvel Comics)

Rogue (real name Anna Marie LeBeau) is a fictional character and a popular superheroine in the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as one of the main characters of the "X-Men" comics.

She is a prominent member of the X-Men, and has the ability to absorb someone's powers by simply touching, but at risk of killing them in the process. She was originally a member of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants, but later redeemed herself and became one of the core members, teacher, and temporarily leader of the X-Men.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media such as movies, television and video games. In the "X-Men" movies, she was portrayed by Anna Paquin.

She was created by Chris Claremont and Michael Golden, and first appeared in "Avengers Annual 10" in August of 1981.

Storm (Marvel Comics)

Ororo Munroe, better known as Storm, is a major protagonist in Marvel Comics, being one of main characters and core members of the X-Men. A trusted ally of Professor Xavier, she is one of the older students and her experience and powerful, weather-based powers comes in handy when dealing with dangerous villains.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media. In the "X-Men" animated series, she was voiced by Iona Morris, and then Alison Sealy-Smith, as Kirsten Williamson voiced her in "". In the "X-Men" films, she was portrayed by Halle Berry (who also played Jinx), and Alexandra Shipp younger.

She was created by the late Len Wein, and the late Dave Cockrum, and first appeared in "Giant-Size X-Men #1" in April of 1975.

I'll Be Loving You (Forever)

"I'll Be Loving You (Forever)" is a 1989 song by New Kids on the Block and is the third single from their second studio album "Hangin' Tough". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Ireland, number 28 in New Zealand, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 4 in Australia and number 17 in Canada.

Maxi-CD


Change of Heart (Cyndi Lauper song)

"Change of Heart" is a 1986 song by Cyndi Lauper and is the second single from her second studio album "True Colors". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 67 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Israel, number 13 in Canada, number 41 in New Zealand, number 15 in Australia, number 8 in France and number 4 in Chile.




Too Much of Heaven

"Too Much of Heaven" is a 1999 song by Eiffel 65. It was taken from their debut studio album "Europop" and went to number 2 in Italy, number 3 in Romania, number 11 in Spain, number 5 in Greece, number 6 in France, number 50 in Australia and number 49 in New Zealand.


2010–11 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2010-11 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 2nd place for Salzburg in the Championship. They also played in the cup and the UEFA Europa League .

̣

Eddie Kingston

Edward Moore (born December 12, 1981) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Eddie Kingston. He also wrestles in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He is the current ROH World Champion in ROH and current Strong Openweight Champion in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

He has also spent time wrestling in Chikara, Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), Westside Xtreme Wrestling (wXw), Ring of Honor (ROH), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Total Nonstop Action/Impact Wrestling (TNA), National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He is also known for his many years spent wrestling on the independent circuit.

Kingston is well known and praised for his ability to cut promos.

On the July 22, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Kingston made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) after answering Cody's TNT Championship open challenge. He was unsuccessful in winning the title. On July 31, it was announced by AEW that Kingston had signed a contract to become a member of the roster. At All Out, Kingston would compete in the 21 Man Casino Battle Royale and would make it until the end but would be thrown out by Lance Archer. On the September 8 episode of "Dark", Kingston would earn his first victory in AEW after he defeated Lee Johnson. On the September 23 episode of "Dynamite", Kingston would challenge his former friend Jon Moxley for his AEW World Championship but lost after passing out in a bulldog chokehold by Moxley. After attacking Moxley after a match later on, Kingston would demand a rematch since Moxley never made him submit. At Full Gear, the two would have a rematch in an "I Quit" match for the AEW World Championship. Kingston would lose after Moxley would wrap barbed wire around his own arm and apply the bulldog choke on Kingston to make him say that he quits.

Kingston would turn face at Revolution after running in to save Moxley from the explosions at the end of Moxley's Exploding Barbed Wire Deathmatch with Kenny Omega. At Double or Nothing, Kingston would team with Moxley and they would face The Young Bucks for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but they lost. Moxley would end up taking some time off for paternity leave after the birth of his first child. Kingston would end up teaming with his former teammate Penta El Zero Miedo. Kingston and Penta would face The Young Bucks in a street fight for the AEW World Tag Team Championships at Road Rager but lost. At All Out, Kingston would face Miro for his AEW TNT Championship but lost. 

On the June 8, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Kingston would compete in a Casino Battle Royale to determine who would become the number two contender for the interim AEW World Championship. The winner would face Jon Moxley in the main event of "Dynamite" to see who would represent AEW at Forbidden Door. The match would eventually be won by Kyle O'Reilly.

On Night 1 of Grand Slam, Kingston faced Claudio Castagnoli in a Winner Takes All match. Kingston defended his Strong Openweight Championship and Castagnoli defended his ROH World Championship. Kingston would end up defeating Castagnoli and became the new ROH World Champion. 

Rainmaker (Iron Maiden song)

"Rainmaker" is a 2003 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the second and final single from their 13th studio album "Dance of Death". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom and Italy, number 2 in Spain, number 7 in Canada and number 3 in Finland.


Japanese CD Extras:




Waikato River

The Waikato River is the longest river in New Zealand. It flows for 425 kilometers through the North Island. It starts on Mount Ruapehu, joins the Tongariro River system, and passes through Lake Taupo. After draining Taupo, it forms the Huka Falls and flows northwest across the Waikato Plains. The river ends at the Tasman Sea south of Auckland, known as Port Waikato. 

The Waikato region surrounds the Waikato Plains. The Waikato river's current course was shaped about 17,000 years ago due to factors like climate changes and forest regrowth. Its main tributary is the Waipa River which joins it at Ngaruawahia.

The name Waikato means flowing water in Maori. For local Maori tribes, especially the Tainui, the Waikato River holds spiritual significance and is a source of pride (mana). The Turangawaewae marae (sacred place), which is highly respected, is located near the riverbanks in Ngaruawahia.


Komsomol

The Komsomol was the Communist Youth League in the Soviet Union. It was officially called the All-Union Leninist Young Communist League. It started in 1918. It was for people from 14 to 28. For people under 14 there was the Young Pioneers, and for under 9 the Little Octobrists.

In March 1926 there were 1,750,000 members: 6% of the eligible youth population.

It didn't have much political influence but it was important for teaching the values of the CPSU to the younger generation.

Khouribga

Khouribga () is a Moroccan city located in the center of the northern half of the Kingdom of Morocco. It is the capital of Khouribga Province in the Béni Mellal-Khénifra region, Morocco. Its population is 193,372 people, according to the 2014 General Population and Housing Census.
The city was founded in 1923 AD by the French protection authorities when they discovered phosphate in the region.
It is 107 kilometers away from the city of Casablanca, 157 kilometers from the capital Rabat and 205 kilometers from the city of Marrakesh.

Tongmenghui

The Tongmenghui was a secret organization founded by Sun Yat-sen and many others in 1905, its goal was to overthrow the Qing government.

Li Zongren

Li Zongren was a Guangxi warlord who also was the vice-president of the Republic of China and Acting President of the same state. Li was born in Xixiang Village which is near the city of Guilin, Guangxi, China on August 13, 1890. In 1910 Li joined the revolutionary Tongmenghui, Li didn't know about the reforms and overall goals that Sun Yat-sen wanted to put in. Li's Family claimed to be related to Li Xiucheng who was a Taiping General. Li was taught by Cai E and later Graduated from the Guilin Military Cadre Training School. Later in 1916, Li became a Platoon commander in Lu Rongting's Guangxi Army. 2 years later in 1918, during a fight against the Hunan warlord, Li got promoted to battalion commander. 

Sourabh Pholia

Sourabh Pholia is a Bangladeshi bishop who has currently serving as the Deputy Moderator & Bishop of Barishal since 2019 of Church of Bangladesh. Pholia was previously a Priest of Oxford Mission Church. The Church of Bangladesh is a United Protestant denomination resulting from the merger of Anglican and Presbyterian denominations in the country.

Temple of Confucius

A Confucian temple is a place of worship where people show respect to Confucius and other figures of Confucianism. Confucianism is a folk religion in China and other East and Southeast Asian countries. It's history is more than 2,500 years.

In the past, these temples used to be where the imperial examination happened. This was in China, Korea, Japan, and Vietnam. They often included schools and other places for studying for them.

The birthplace of Confucius is Qufu, Shandong contains the Temple of Confucius. Inside is a very tall statue (72 meters) made of brass and strengthened with steel. This temple is the biggest and oldest Confucius temple in the world, and it is also a UNESCO world heritage site since 1994.

The temples are called by many different names in East and Southeast Asia. The most important ones in Qufu and Beijing are now called "Temples of Confucius" in Chinese (Kǒngmiào, 孔廟). In some places, they are called "Temples of Literature" (文廟) (Chinese: wénmiào; Vietnamese: văn miếu; Korean: munmyo; Indonesian: boen bio) or "Temples of the Sage of Literature" (Vietnamese: văn thánh miếu). In Southern China, temples with these names usually honor Wenchang Wang, a separate deity linked to the scholar Zhang Yazi. In Japan, they are commonly known as "Temples" or "Halls of the Sage" (Japanese: seibyō or seidō).

Temples dedicated to Confucius were built as more people honored him. In 195 BC, Han Gao Zu, who started the Han dynasty, paid respects to Confucius at his tomb in Qufu. People began to worship Confucius and his disciple Yan Hui at the Imperial University around 241.

In 454, the Liu Song dynasty in southern China built an important state Confucian temple. By 489, the Northern Wei built another Confucian temple in the capital, extending beyond Qufu in the north. In 630, the Tang dynasty made Confucian temples mandatory in schools across provinces and counties, spreading them throughout China. Notable Confucian shrines include those in Jianshui, Xi'an (now the Forest of Steles), Nanjing's Fuzi Miao, and Beijing's Confucian Temple, first established in 1302. The old Confucian Temple in Tianjin, near Traditional Culture Street, covers 32 acres and stands as the largest surviving group of traditional architecture buildings in Tianjin.

The biggest and oldest Temple of Confucius is in Qufu, Shandong Province of China, this is where Confucius was born. Duke Ai of the State of Lu ordered its establishment in 479 BC, a year after Confucius passed away. The temple grew larger over more than 2,000 years, becoming the huge complex it is today. Another temple exists in Quzhou. Other than state-linked Confucian temples, there were ancestral temples for the Kong lineage, buildings commemorating Confucius's accomplishments nationwide, and private temples within educational institutions.

Starting from the Tang dynasty (618–907), they built Confucian temples in schools across the empire. These temples were built at the front or on the side of the schools. The front gate is called the Lingxing Gate. Inside, there were usually three courtyards, but sometimes only two. However, the Qufu complex has nine courtyards with many stone slabs commemorating visits by emperors or imperial grants of titles to Confucius' descendants. The main building, in the inner courtyard, accessed through the Dachengmen, is called the Dachengdian, translated as "Hall of Great Achievement", "Hall of Great Completion," or "Hall of Great Perfection". In imperial China, this halls housed the Spirit Tablets of Confucius and other important sages. In front of the Dachengdian in Qufu is the Apricot Pavilion or Xingtan. Another important building behind the main one is the Shrine of Adoring the Sage, honoring Confucius' ancestors and the fathers of the Four Correlates and Twelve Philosophers.

Confucian temples, unlike Taoist or Buddhist ones, usually do not have statues. In the early years of the Qufu temple, the spirits of Confucius and his disciples were shown in wall paintings. Official temples included images of Confucius, but this was opposed as imitating Buddhist temples. The focus was argued to be on honoring Confucius's teachings rather than the man himself.

To solve the lack of uniformity in Confucius statues, Emperor Taizu of the Ming dynasty ordered that new Confucian temples should only have spirit tablets and no statues. In 1530, it was decided that existing images of Confucius in imperial temples should be replaced with spirit tablets. However, many modern Confucian temples still have statues, especially those run by Confucius's family descendants, like the one in Qufu.

Confucian worship mainly includes offering sacrifices to Confucius's spirit at the Confucian temple.

A dance called the Eight-Row Dance, originally the Six-Row Dance, is performed at these temples. The dance involves eight columns of eight dancers each and was granted to Confucius in 1477 as an imperial honor, given the title of king after his death. The accompanying musicians play yayue music.

Apart from honoring Confucius, Confucian temples also pay tribute to the "Four Correlates," the "Twelve Philosophers," and other disciples and scholars of Confucianism throughout history. The number and composition of figures worshipped changed over time, leading to controversy over which Confucians to enshrine. By the 20th century, there were 162 figures worshipped, including the Four Correlates (Yan Hui, Zeng Shen, Kong Ji, and Mencius) and the Twelve Philosophers.

As Confucian teachings spread across East Asia, temples dedicated to Confucius were built in Vietnam, Korea, and Japan. From the 18th century onwards, some temples even appeared in Europe and the Americas. At its peak, there were more than 3,000 Confucian temples globally.

The highest number of Confucian temples outside China can be found in Korea. These temples, often linked to schools, first started during the Goryeo period (918–1392). Confucianism gained prominence in the Joseon dynasty, leading to the establishment of government Confucian schools (Hanggyo 항교) for training officials. These schools included teaching buildings and a memorial tablet house called Daesongjeon 대성전. While inspired by Chinese models, Korea introduced variations, such as building schools in front of temples. Korea also added its own scholars, the eighteen scholars of the East, to the Confucian pantheon (the five sages).

In Korea's history, there were 362 Confucian temples. After World War II and the division of the country, those in the North transformed into centers of traditional culture (Gukjagam). Some of the 232 temples in the South continued their activities. Alongside Confucianism-focused temples, the Republic of Korea also has twelve Confucian family temples, two temples in private schools, and three libraries.

The first Confucian temple in Taiwan was the Taiwan Confucian Temple, built in Tainan in 1665 during the Tungning Kingdom. Another temple, the Taipei Confucius Temple, was constructed in Taipei in 1879, demolished in 1907, and rebuilt on Dalong Street from 1925 to 1939. Designed by Wang Yi-Shun, the new temple follows the typical Fujian temple style. Every year, on September 28, Confucius's birthday, the Shidian Ceremony takes place. There's also a Confucian temple in Zuoying District, Kaohsiung, completed in 1974 in the Northern Song architectural style. Additional Confucian temples are in Chiayi City, Taipei, Taichung, and Changhua County.

In Japan, Confucian temples (kōshi-byō) were commonly constructed, often alongside Confucian schools. The Yushima Seidō, established in 1630 during the Edo period, is the most famous. At first it was a private school linked to the Neo-Confucianist scholar Hayashi Razan. Originally in Shinobi-ga-oka in Ueno, it was later moved to near present-day Ochanomizu by the Tokugawa Shogunate. The Shogunate also established a significant state-sponsored school, Shoheikō, on its grounds.
In Vietnam, a Confucian temple is known as Văn Miếu. The earliest recorded Văn Miếu is in Hanoi, established in 1070 during the Lý dynasty. Starting from 1397, Confucian temples, including the renowned Văn Miếu in Hưng Yên City, spread across Vietnam with the construction of schools during the Tran dynasty.

Confucian temples are also in Indonesia, known as "Churches of Confucius". Confucianism is a recognized religion in the country. The largest and oldest is Boen Bio temple in Surabaya, initially constructed in the city's Chinatown in 1883 and later moved in 1907. Reportedly, there are over 100 Confucianist halls of worship across Indonesia.

The first Confucian temple in Malaysia was built within the Chung Hwa Confucian School in Penang in the early 20th century. This school, started by the Qing dynasty ambassador to the British Straits Settlement at the time, later split into SJK(C) Chung Hwa Confucian A, B, and SMJK Chung Hwa Confucian. Parents brought their children to this temple for prayers before starting school, seeking excellence in studies.

Kuala Lumpur has two Confucian schools, SMJK Confucian and Confucian Private School, along with a Confucian school in Malacca, where ceremonies in honor of Confucius happen yearly.

Donkey Kong Jr. (Game &amp; Watch)

In this 1982 game, the player controls Donkey Kong Jr. as he works to save his father, Donkey Kong, while watching out for obstacles like crocodiles, birds and electric flashes. The game is based on the the arcade game with the same name and was later included in Game & Watch Gallery 3 (2004) and 4 (2002), and as DSiWare game in 2010.

In this game, Mario is a villain and locks up Donkey Kong just like the original version.

Derajat

Derajat is a region in central Pakistan, where the provinces of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and Balochistan meet. Derajat is bounded by the Indus River to the east, and the Sulaiman Mountains to the west.

Main cities in derajat are Dera Ghazi Khan in southwestern Punjab, Dera Ismail Khan (southeastern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), and Dera Bugti, Dera Allah Yar and Dera Murad Jamali in Balochistan. 

Vicente Filísola

Vicente Filísola (born Vincenzo Filizzola; c. 1785 – 23 July 1850) was an Italian-born Spanish and Mexican military and political figure during the 19th century. He is most well known for his role in leading the short-lived Mexican annexation of Central America between 1822 and 1823.

Memon people

The Memons are a Muslim community in Sindh, Pakistan and Gujarat, India. They are divided into different groups based on where they live: Sindhi Memons from Sindh, Kathiawari Memons and Bantva Memons from Kathiawar region, Kutchi Memons from Kutch.

All memons have origins in Sindh, they were Sindhi hindu Lohanas from Sindh. In 1524 they embraced Islam on the hands of Syed Yusufuddin Qadri, and were called (Mu'min i.e "believer" in Arabic), which changed into Memon overtime, from Sindh they migrated first into Kutch and then into other regions of Gujarat.

Jefferson Starship

Jefferson Starship is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 1970 by a group of musicians including former members of Jefferson Airplane.

Starship (band)

Starship is an American rock band from San Francisco, California. Initially a continuation of Jefferson Starship, it underwent a change in musical direction, the subsequent loss of personnel, and a lawsuit settlement that led to a name change. Starship's 1985 album, "Knee Deep in the Hoopla", was certified platinum by the RIAA, and included two singles that went to number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart: "We Built This City" and "Sara".

Khoja

Khuwaja or Khoja are Shia (Nizari Isma'ili) muslim community of Sindh, Pakistan and Gujarat, India. They were of Baniya caste groups (traders), who converted to Islam from Hinduism under Muslim pirs (saints).

Manhattan (disambiguation)

Manhattan is a borough of New York City.

Manhattan may also refer to:


Bohra

The Bohra, Vohra or Dawoodi Bohras are a community of Shia of (Ismā'īlī branch). They number approximately one million worldwide. Dawoodi Bohra community resides in India and Pakistan, with sizable population in Yemen, East Africa, and the Middle East.

Philautus longicrus

The Palawan bubble-nest frog ("Philautus longicrus") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines, Indonesia, Borneo, and Malaysia. In the Phillippines, people have seen it between 30 and 1000 meters above sea level, and in Borneo, people have seen it between 700 and 2900 meters above sea level.

Slogan of the Houthi movement

The slogan of the Houthi movement (called Ansarallah officially), which is a Shiite Jihadist group in the country of Yemen says "God is Great, Death to America, Death to Israel, Curse the Jews, Victory to Islam" on a vertical banner with a white background and green text for pro-Islam statements along with red text for the United States, Israel, and Jews. The slogan is modeled off of the motto of Iran during the 1979 Iranian Revolution. The slogan was however made illegal by the government of Yemen (Saudi Arabia supported) and fierce crackdowns ensued causing the arrest of 600 people. The slogan is also typically used alongside the flags of Palestine and Yemen to show their support to the Palestinian people.

Paul Strand

Paul Strand (October 16, 1890 – March 31, 1976) was an American photographer and filmmaker. He was one of those who helped that photography could be considered as an art form in the 20th century. His vast body of work, from six decades, shows plenty of genres and subjects across several continents, the Americas, Europe, and Africa.

Weird Genius (music)

Weird Genius is an Indonesian DJ and record production group based Pop music, EDM, and synth-pop consisting of three members are Reza Oktovian, Eka Gustiwana, and Roy Leonard Soewarno. This group was formed in 2016 and released their first song in 2017 with the title DPS.

Ramón Aldea

Ramón S. Aldea (born 13 August 1932) is a Filipino retired archer. Aldea competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Rachel Cabral

Rachelle Anne Cabral (born October 5, 1985) is a Filipino archer. Cabral competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

List of South Africa Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for South Africa.

Statistics are correct as of 11 March 2023.
‡ Captain
† Wicketkeeper

Southern Province, Rwanda

Southern Province (; ; ) is one of the five provinces of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 3,002,699 people lived there. It has an area of 5,963 km². The capital city is Nyanza.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Gikongoro, Gitarama, and Butare. It has eight districts of Huye, Ruhango, Nyamagabe, Gisagara, Muhanga, Kamonyi, Nyanza, and Nyaruguru.

Western Province, Rwanda

Western Province (; ; ) is one of the five provinces of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 2,896,484 people lived there. It has an area of 5,882 km². The capital city is Kibuye.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Cyangugu, Gisenyi, Kibuye, and a small part of Ruhengeri. It has seven districts of Karongi, Nyabihu, Rubavu, Rusizi, Ngororero, Nyamasheke, and Rutsiro.

Northern Province, Rwanda

Northern Province (; ; ) is one of the five provinces of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 2,038,511 people lived there. It has an area of 3,276 km². The capital city is Byumba.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Ruhengeri and Byumba, along with northern parts of Kigali Rural. It has five districts of Burera, Gakenke, Gicumbi, Musanze, and Rulindo.

Eastern Province, Rwanda

Eastern Province (; ; ) is the largest, the most populous and the least densely populated of Rwanda's five provinces. As of the 2022 census, 3,563,145 people lived there. It has an area of 9,458 km². The capital city is Rwamagana.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Kibungo and Umutara, along with large part of Kigali Rural and part of Byumba. It has seven districts of Bugesera, Gatsibo, Kayonza, Kirehe, Ngoma, Nyagatare, and Rwamagana.

Jorge Macri

Jorge Macri (Born, March 5, 1965) is an Argentine politician and entrepreneur, currently serving as the Mayor of the City of Buenos Aires since December 7, 2023.

In 2001, alongside his cousin and former President Mauricio Macri, he founded the Creer y Crecer Foundation. In 2004, together with other leaders, he founded the PRO party at the provincial level. In 2005, he was elected as the party's first deputy in the Province of Buenos Aires until 2007. In December of that same year, he became the president of the PRO bloc in the provincial Chamber of Deputies. He served as the mayor of Vicente López, achieving the party's first victory in the Buenos Aires territory in October 2011. 

After three terms in office, in 2021, he took a leave of absence from the mayoralty to assume his current position in the government of the City of Buenos Aires, leaving Soledad Martínez, the first councilor on the list, as interim mayor. In June 2023, he officially resigned, and Martínez assumed the role of Mayor. In 2023, he was inaugurated as the Head of Government of Buenos Aires City.
Gisenyi

Gisenyi is the second largest city in Rwanda. It is in the Western Province. It is on the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Gisenyi is on the northern shore of Lake Kivu. It has many hotels and three sandy beaches. The area is also known for water sports.

Ruhengeri

Ruhengeri, also known as Musanze, is the third largest city in Rwanda and the capital of Musanze District in the Northern Province of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 135,000 people lived there.

Ruhengeri is near the lakes of Lake Burera and Lake Ruhondo and is the gateway city to Volcanoes National Park.

Pietà, Malta

Pietà () is a small harbour town in the Central Region of Malta. It is near the outskirts of the capital city Valletta. Pietà is the closest suburb to the capital after Floriana. The name means "Pity" in Italian.

The former national hospital St. Luke's is in Tal-Pietà.

Butare

Butare, also known as Huye, is a city in the Southern Province of Rwanda. It is the capital of Huye District. As of the 2022 census, 75,000 people lived there.

The National University of Rwanda and Butare Airport are in Butare.

Butare was founded by the Belgian colonial rulers in the 1920s under the name "Astrida", in honor of Queen Astrid of the Belgians. The government of Rwanda changed the name of the city when it gained independence in 1962.

Palayan

Palayan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Nueva Ecija. According to the 2020 census, 45,383 people lived there.

Palayan is of Cabanatuan and of Manila.

Ronda, Cebu

Ronda is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 21,005 people lived there.

Bogo, Cebu

Bogo is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 88,867 people lived there.

Carcar

Carcar is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 136,453 people lived there.

Aloguinsan

Aloguinsan is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 34,466 people lived there.

Lauren Jauregui

Lauren Jauregui is an American singer and songwriter best known for her part in the vocal girl-group "Fifth Harmony", or H5 for short.

Gorge River

The Gorge River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It starts in the Hope Blue River Range and flows southwest into the Tasman Sea. Some of its smaller rivers that join it are the Duncan River and Jerry River. The Gorge River goes through Cascade Forest and reaches the Tasman Sea about 15 km northeast of Awarua Point. 

There are tiny islands called the Gorge Islands near its mouth. The river is fast and affected by tides at its delta.


 

List of American male country singers

This is a list of American male country singers.


I'm in Love (Ginuwine song)

"I'm in Love" is a 2006 song by Ginuwine. It is the second and final single from his fifth studio album "Back II Da Basics" (2005). It went to number 69 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

Abdulaziz Al-Babtain

Abdulaziz Saud Al-Babtain (1936 - 15 December 2023) was a Kuwaiti businessman and poet, and head of the Al-Babtain Group for Poetic Creativity. He was also a Member of the Writers Association in Kuwait.

He was a well known businessmen in Kuwait and had prominent commercial and industrial activity in Europe, America, China and the Middle East. He also has many varied investments in a number of Arab countries.
Abdulaziz Al-Babtain published 3 poetry collections, they are listed below:
Abdulaziz Saud Al-Babtain died on 15 December 2023, Friday morning.

Rashidun army

The Rashidun army, (The army of the Rightly Guided Caliphs), was a formidable military force that played a pivotal role in the early expansion of Islam and the establishment of the Rashidun Caliphate (632-661 CE). This highly disciplined and strategically adept army, composed primarily of Arab tribesmen, achieved remarkable victories against Byzantine and Sassanid empires, expanding Muslim rule from Arabia to Persia, North Africa, and parts of Central Asia.

The Rashidun army evolved from the early Muslim community in Medina. Initially, it relied on a tribal militia system, with each tribe contributing warriors based on its size and prominence. Over time, however, a more centralized and professional structure emerged, with a standing army and a system of taxation to support its upkeep. Cavalry formed the backbone of the army, known for its mobility and swiftness in desert warfare. Infantry played a crucial role in siege warfare and close-quarter combat.

The Rashidun army produced some of the most renowned military leaders in Islamic history, including Khalid ibn al-Walid, known as the "Sword of Allah," and Abu Ubaidah ibn al-Jarrah, a brilliant strategist. These commanders effectively utilised tactics like flanking manoeuvres, surprise attacks, and night raids, often outmanoeuvring their larger and better-equipped opponents.

The Rashidun army's conquests had a profound impact on the political and religious landscape of the 7th century. Their victories led to the decline of the Byzantine and Sassanid empires, paving the way for the spread of Islam and the establishment of a vast Muslim empire. The military techniques and organizational principles developed by the Rashidun army influenced subsequent Islamic military powers, while their legacy continues to be debated and studied by historians and military scholars.

The Rashidun Caliphate and its military achievements continue to capture the imagination centuries later. Here are some examples of how the Rashidun army has been portrayed in popular culture:




It's important to note that these portrayals often simplify or romanticize the complex historical realities of the Rashidun Caliphate and its military campaigns. They can also perpetuate stereotypes about Islamic history and culture. If you're interested in learning more about the Rashidun army, it's important to consult academic sources and diverse perspectives.


Yemenis

Yemenis or Yemenites are citizens of the country of Yemen. Currently there are 31,461,438 Yemenis in the country of Yemen. There are also significant populations of Yemenis in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Israel, United States, UAE, and the UK. 

Trey Fanjoy

Trey Fanjoy is an American music video director.


Surigao del Norte

Surigao del Norte or the Province of Surigao del Norte, is a province of the Philippines in the Caraga region of Mindanao. Its capital is Surigao City. The province includes two main islands, Siargao and Bucas Grande, in the Philippine Sea, along with a small area at the northeastern tip of mainland Mindanao and other nearby minor islands. It shares borders with Agusan del Norte and Surigao del Sur.

As the second northernmost province in Mindanao, Surigao del Norte has a important role in commerce and transportation, serving as a hub between Visayas and Mindanao. Ferries regularly cross the Surigao Strait, connecting Surigao to Leyte and facilitating the transport of vehicles, goods, and passengers.

There are two possible meanings for the name "Surigao" based on different root words. One interpretation suggests it might come from "suligao" or "suyogao," which means "water current" in Visayan languages. The term is related to words like Sinulog, Sulu, and Tausug.

Another perspective is that it could be from the root word "sulig," meaning "sprout" or "spring up." In this case, Surigao may have originated from "suligao" ("spring water"), possibly referring to the Surigao River, known as "Suligaw" in Mandaya, which flows into the northern tip of Mindanao. Historical records mention the river's name as Suligao, Surigao, or Zurigan.

In 2020, Surigao del Norte had a population of 534,636 people, and the density was 270 inhabitants per square kilometer or 700 per square mile.

The residents are mainly of Austronesian descent, with some having Chinese, Arab, Spanish, and American ancestry, though the latter is a small percentage.

Around 95.80% of the population speaks Surigaonon as their primary language. Cebuano and Boholano are also spoken, along with a minority using Waray. Many people can communicate in Tagalog and English as secondary languages. Some individuals speak Kamayo, Manobo, Ilocano, Hiligaynon, Kapampangan, Maranao, Maguindanaon, and Tausug languages.

Religion-wise, Roman Catholicism is predominant, with around 60% adherence. Other religions include Iglesia Filipina Independiente (30%), Protestantism (10%) and Islam.

Shuri (character)

Shuri, also known as the Black Panther and Aja-Adanna, is a fictional character in Marvel Comics. Originally appearing in a supporting capacity as the younger sister of T'Challa, the character went on to adopt the Black Panther identity and star in the series of the same name. Following her heroic sacrifice, Shuri was resurrected and later developed powers from the Djalia.

She was created by Reginald Hudlin and John Romita Jr., and first appeared in "Black Panther (Vol. 4) #2" in March of 2005.

Along with her role in the comics, Shuri has made appearances in related television series and video games, such as in the in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, being portrayed by Letitia Wright.

San Juan de Manapiare

San Juan de Manapiare is a town in the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas. This town is the shire town of the Manapiare Municipality and, according to the 2001 Venezuelan census, the municipality has a population of 991.

Raghav Chaitanya

Raghav Chaitanya is an Indian playback singer who got Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer at 66th Filmfare Awards for the song "Ek Tukda Dhoop" from "Thappad". He is the youngest artist to win Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer.

McKesson

McKesson is a multinational American healthcare industry company. The company is from Texas, and they are Number 8 on the Fortune 500, with more than $214 billion in annual revenue.

The company is named in a federal lawsuit for making profit from epidemic in the United States.

McKesson's contributions to the U.S. government's COVID-19 vaccine distribution efforts included serving as the centralized distributor for hundreds of millions of doses and assembling and distributing over 1 billion ancillary supply kits across the country.

Rishikesh Shah

Rishikesh Shah (May 16, 1925 – November 13, 2002) was a Nepalese writer, politician and human rights activist.

Madhavi (actress)

Kanaka Vijayalakshmi, known by her stage name Madhavi is an Indian former actress known for her works in Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam films.


Santosh Vempala

Santosh Vempala (born 18 October 1971) is a prominent computer scientist. He is a Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at the Georgia Institute of Technology. His main work has been in the area of Theoretical Computer Science.


Pederasty

Pederasty is a sexual relationship between a man and a boy. It was common in Ancient Greece.

Nezha Alaoui

Nezha Alaoui is a Moroccan-born entrepreneur and founder of the Mayshad brand. She is also the founder of the Mayshad Foundation, a non-profit organization for youth and women's development.


The Tuxedo

The Tuxedo is a 2002 American science fiction action comedy movie. It was directed by Kevin Donovan. The movie is about a special tuxedo that gives its wearer special abilities. It received negative reviews from critics.

Neelu Vaghela

Neelu Vaghela started her career as a stage artist and was chosen for films. She appeared in "Supattar Binani" in 1981 at the age of 11 and acted in "Bai Chali Sasariya" which was remade in Hindi as "Saajan Ka Ghar". She spent her earlier phase of life in Jaipur.

Girish Bapat

Girish Bapat (3 September 1950 – 29 March 2023) was an Indian politician who served as a member of Parliament in the 17th Lok Sabha.

Ravina Gardens

Ravina Gardens was an ice hockey arena located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It supported amateur hockey from before World War I until 1961, and professional hockey briefly in the 1920s. 

Archana Jois

Archana Jois is an Indian actress who appears in Kannada films. Jois is known for her role as Shanthamma, Rocky's mother in "K.G.F" film series.

Tarun Majumdar

Tarun Majumdar (or Mazumdar, 8 January 1931 – 4 July 2022) was an Indian film director, documentary filmmaker, author, illustrator and screenwriter who is known for his work in Bengali cinema.

Alok Kanojia

Kanojia began studying alternative therapies including yoga, meditation, and Reiki in 2003 with particular attention to the Ayurvedic principle that mental health is inextricably linked to physical health. He got his addiction under control and graduated in 2007 with a biology major.

List of number-one singles of 2023 (Finland)

This is a List of number-one singles in Finland in 2023. The source is the Official Finnish Charts.

In a Little While

"In a Little While" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the sixth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and was produced by Brian Eno. The song itself played on half of the Elevation Tour and dedicated to Joey Ramone following his death

Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport

Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport is an airport serving the Wichita and south Kansas area.

Philautus acutirostris

The Phillippine bubble-nest frog or pointed-snouted tree frog ("Philautus acutirostris") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines. It lives in rainforests on Mindanao, Jolo, and Basilan islands.

Movate

Movate, formerly known as CSS Corp, was founded in 1996. It is a digital technology services company based out of Plano, Texas, United States of America. The name, Movate comes from a combination of first two words "Momentum" and "Innovate", In 2018 the estimated turnover of this organisation was $158 million

The current CEO Sunil Mittal who also worked as the COO of the company replaced Manish Tandon in the year 2021, Sunil Mittal is also the member of Forbes Business Council and currently lives in Dallas, Texas.

Recently, Movate acquired an Indiana based CX outsourcing company TSD Global and also Directly OnDemand in 2022 a Gig platform based out of San Francisco

Jennifer Dy Chan

Jennifer Dy Chan (born January 16, 1965) is a Filipino archer. Chan competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Jasmin Figueroa

Jasmin Lanaran Figueroa-Dungca (born 20 March 1985) is an archer from the Philippines. Figueroa competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Media Trust

Media Trust is a Nigerian newspaper publishing company. A leading media company in Nigeria, the company publishes the "Daily Trust," the "Weekly Trust, and" the "Aminiya" newspapers, as well as a the pan-African "Kilimanjaro" magazine.

The "Weekly Trust" was started in March 1998 and the "Daily Trust" was started in January 2001. They are the most popular newspapers in Northern Nigeria.


Entrepreneur (magazine)

Entrepreneur is an American magazine that publishes stories about entrepreneurship and business. The magazine started in 1977. It is published by "Entrepreneur Media Inc"., and headquartered in Irvine, California.

In 1996, the magazine launched its website, Entrepreneur.com.

Le vieux fusil

Le vieux fusil (English title: The Old Gun or Vengeance One by One) is a 1975 French-West German war-drama movie directed by Robert Enrico, and starring Philippe Noiret, Romy Schneider and Jean Bouise. It takes place in Nazi German-occupied France during World War II. The movie is based on the Massacre of Oradour-sur-Glane in 1944.

In August 1944, during World War II, Julien Dandieu, a doctor who lives in Montauban in southern France with his wife Clara and his daughter Florence, is worried about the approaching battles of the retreating German army, and the advancing Allied armies and the French Resistance. Julien asks his friend François to drive his wife and daughter to the remote village where he owns a château, to keep them safe from the battles. A week later, Julien leaves Montauban to meet them for the weekend. While he was away, the German army massacres all the inhabitants of the village. When Julien arrives, he finds that all the villagers have been put inside the church and shot dead. In the château, now occupied by the German troops, he finds his daughter shot dead and he witnesses the killing of his wife with a flamethrower. He decides to take revenge on the Nazis.



Teen Vogue

Teen Vogue is an American magazine that is the teenage edition of "Vogue." The magazine includes topics from fashion and beauty to politics and current affairs.

"Teen Vogue" was started in 2003 and led by former "Vogue" beauty director Amy Astley.

Traikutaka dynasty

The Traikutaka dynasty were kings who ruled Traikutaka kingdom from 388 to 456. Their name comes from the words for a three-peaked mountain ("Tri-kuta"). Kalidasa's Raghuvamsa mentions them, placing them in northern Konkan. The Traikutakas' territory extended to Aparanta and northern Maharashtra. They are believed to be a branch of the Abhiras.

Qufu

Qufu is a city in Shandong, East China, located about 130 km south of Jinan. It covers an area of 815 square kilometers and has a population of 653,000, with 188,000 living in urban areas. Qufu is famous as the birthplace of Confucius. It has many historic palaces, temples, and cemeteries. 

The city's famous cultural sites, known as San Kong ('the Three Confucian [sites]'), include the Temple of Confucius, the Cemetery of Confucius, and the Kong Family Mansion. These sites have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1994.

The name of the city "Qufu" means "crooked hill" in Chinese, and refers to a mile-long hill that was part of the city during its time as capital of the state of Lu.

Qufu is a important place in Confucianism as it is Confucius's birthplace. The city has the most important Temple of Confucius, the Mausoleum of Confucius, and the Mansion of the Kong Family. Additionally, it has a branch of the Holy Church of Confucius and is the headquarters of the Federation of Confucian Culture.


No Time to Explain

No Time to Explain is a 2D platformer developed and published tinyBuild in 2011 it is there first game.

The game is a 2D platformer side-scroller where you have a gun and it can make you jump higher.

Thimphu City FC

Thimphu City FC is a Bhutanese football club from Thimphu which plays in the Bhutan Premier League.


Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One

Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One is a 2023 American action spy movie written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie. He co-wrote the screenplay with Erik Jendresen. The movie is the sequel to "" (2018) and the seventh movie in the "Mission: Impossible" series. It stars Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt, alongside an ensemble cast including Hayley Atwell, Ving Rhames, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson, Vanessa Kirby, Esai Morales, Pom Klementieff, Mariela Garriga, and Henry Czerny.

"Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One" premiered on the Spanish Steps in Rome on June 19, 2023. It was released in the United States on July 12 by Paramount Pictures. At the 96th Academy Awards, the movie is nominated for Best Sound and Best Visual Effects. It is the first "Mission: Impossible" movie to be nominated for an Academy Award. The movie was nominated for Best Sound and Best Special Visual Effects at the 77th British Academy Film Awards.

The sequel, , is scheduled to be released on May 23, 2025.


Additionally, Charles Parnell, Rob Delaney, Indira Varma, and Mark Gatiss appear as heads of US Intelligence agencies, representing NRO (National Reconnaissance Office), JSOC (Joint Special Operations Command), DIA, and NSA, respectively. Marcin Dorociński appears as the captain of the "Sevastopol" submarine.

"Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One" premiered at the Spanish Steps in Rome on June 19, 2023. It was released on July 12 in the United States by Paramount Pictures. 

It was originally scheduled to be released on July 23, 2021. It was later moved to November 19, 2021, May 27, 2022, September 30, 2022, and July 14, 2023. This was due to the COVID-19 pandemic and production delays. In April 2023, Paramount announced at Cinemacon that the movie would be released two days earlier on July 12.

As of December 16, 2023, "Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One" has earned $172.1 million in the United States and Canada and $395.4 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $567.5 million. It was a box office disappointment (not being able to profit when showing in theatres). In September 2023, it was reported that Paramount received a COVID-19 insurance payout of £57 million from Swiss insurer Chubb.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 96% of 426 reviews are positive. The average rating is 8/10. The critic consensus reads: "With world-threatening stakes and epic set pieces to match that massive title, "Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One" proves this is still a franchise you should choose to accept." On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 81 out of 100 based on 66 critic reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". 

Damaru

A Damaru (Sanskrit: डमरु, IAST: ḍamaru; Tibetan ཌ་མ་རུ་ or རྔ་ཆུང) is a small two-headed drum, used in Hinduism and Tibetan Buddhism. In Hinduism, the Damaru is known as the instrument of the deity Shiva.

Philautus cinerascens

The Mon tree frog ("Philautus cinerascens") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar in Mon Province.

Temple of Confucius, Qufu

The Temple of Confucius or the Great Temple of Confucius in Qufu, Shandong Province, is the biggest and most famous Confucian temple in East Asia. It is also the oldest temple dedicated to Confucius and was first built in 478 BC.

Since 1994, this temple alongh with the Kong Family Mansion, and the Cemetery of Confucius, has been declared as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. In Qufu, these three places are known together as San Kong, meaning "The Three Confucian Sites."

There's also a 72-meter-tall statue of Confucius made of brass and steel in Qufu, this city is the birthplace of this ancient Chinese educator and philosopher.

Two years after Confucius passed away, his house in Qufu was turned into a temple by the Duke of Lu. In 205 BC, Emperor Gao of the Han dynasty was the first to honor Confucius in Qufu, setting an example for other emperors. Over time, 12 emperors visited Qufu to worship Confucius, and many others sent representatives. The original three-room house was replaced in 611 AD, and during the Song dynasty, it expanded into a larger structure with over 400 rooms. Fire and vandalism damaged the temple in 1214, but it was restored by 1302. In 1724, a fire destroyed the main hall, but it was rebuilt by 1730.

In 1966, Many sculptures within the temple were damaged during the Cultural Revolution. The Temple of Confucius in Qufu has undergone 15 major renovations, 31 large repairs, and various smaller changes. Another significant Confucius Temple was constructed in Quzhou by the southern branch of the Confucius family.

Tristan Thompson

Tristan Trevor James Thompson (born March 13, 1991) is a Canadian-Jamaican and American basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He won the NBA championship with the Cavaliers in 2016.

Thompson has also played for the national team of Canada, the Boston Celtics, Sacramento Kings, Indiana Pacers, Chicago Bulls and Los Angeles Lakers.

He began dating Khloé Kardashian in 2016. They have two children together. It was revealed that Thompson had cheated on Kardashian during her first pregnancy. They split in 2021.

Pori Moni

Shamsunnahar Smrity (; born 24 October 1992), known by her stage name Pori Moni, is a Bangladeshi film actress.


ISIS Hunters

The ISIS Hunters were a mercenary force affiliated with the Wagner Group that fought on the side of the Syrian Armed Forces during the Syrian civil war. The ISIS Hunters were formed in 2017 to fight in the Palmyra offensive, and were disbanded in 2023 after the Wagner Group rebellion.

Kara, Togo

Kara is a city in northern Togo. It is the capital of Kara Region. It is 413 km north of the capital Lomé. According to the 2010 census, 94,878 people lived there. The Kara River flows through the city. The city
was developed in the 1970s, when the village was first called "Lama-Kara".

The University of Kara is at the southern edge of the city.

The President of Togo Gnassingbé Eyadéma was born in the nearby village of Pya.

Atakpamé

Atakpamé is a city in Togo. It is the capital of Plateaux Region. In 2010, 69,261 people lived there, which makes it the fifth largest city in Togo by population. It is an industrial center.

Atakpamé is twinned with:

Kpalimé

Kpalimé is a city in the Plateaux Region of Togo. It is 120 km north of the capital Lomé. In 2010, 75,084 people lived there. It is the fourth largest city in Togo by population, after Lomé, Sokodé and Kara. Kpalimé is known for the production of coffee and cocoa.

Kpalimé is twinned with:

Ashanti Region

The Ashanti Region is one of the 16 regions of Ghana. In 2010, 4,780,380 people lived there. It has an area of . The capital and largest city is Kumasi. It has 27 districts. The region is known for its gold bar and cocoa production.

Bontoc, Mountain Province

Bontoc is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Mountain Province. According to the 2020 census, 24,104 people lived there.

Bontoc has 16 Barangays (administrative divisions):

Nueva Vizcaya

Nueva Vizcaya is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cagayan Valley region. The capital is Bayombong.

Northern Samar

Northern Samar is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. It is on the island of Samar. The capital is Catarman.

Kalinga (province)

Kalinga is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cordillera Administrative Region. The capital is Tabuk.

Tabuk, Kalinga

Tabuk is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Kalinga. According to the 2020 census, 121,033 people lived there.

Itogon

Itogon is a municipality in the province of Benguet, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 61,498 people lived there.

Tuba, Benguet

Tuba is a municipality in the province of Benguet, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 48,312 people lived there.

Castel di Casio

Castel di Casio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Camugnano

Camugnano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Gaggio Montano

Gaggio Montano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Grizzana Morandi

Grizzana Morandi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Monghidoro

Monghidoro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Baricella

Baricella is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Coronation of Charles III and Camilla

The coronation of Charles III and his wife, Camilla, as king and queen of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms was held on Saturday, 6 May 2023, at Westminster Abbey. In the conoration ceremony, the Archibishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby took St. Edward's Crown from the alter and placed it reverently upon the head of Charles III. Charles became the king on 8 September 2022 upon the death of his mother, Elizabeth II.

Charles III became king immediately upon the death of his mother, Elizabeth II, on Thursday 8 September 2022. He was proclaimed king by the Accession Council of the United Kingdom on Saturday 10 September, which was followed by proclamations in other Commonwealth realms. As his Camilla as queen consort.

Protective sign

International law defines a number of signs that can be used during an armed conflict. These signs are known as protective signs. Attacking someone who is clearly showing one of the signs is a war crime. Their meaning usually is "don't shoot", or "don't attack". Depending on the sign used, there is also a more specific meaning.

The form, shape and color of these signs are defined by the rules of international humanitarian law. Usually, they are easy to draw in order to make even an improvised use as easy as possible. They were designed to be easily recognizable as well.

The following signs have a protective meaning under certain conditions:


Sanjna (goddess)

Sanjna (also known as Ushas) is a Hindu goddess and the chief consort of Surya, the Sun god. She is mentioned in the Rigveda, and also appears in later Hindu scriptures.

Farhad Moshiri

Farhad Moshiri is the current owner of the renowned English Football Club Everton F.C.

Bryan Goldberg

Bryan Goldberg (born June 29, 1983) is an American entrepreneur who is the CEO of Bustle Digital Group and the founder of Bleacher Report.

Goldberg grew up in Los Altos, California. He earned his undergraduate degree from Middlebury College, where he studied economics and the Japanese language.

Goldberg founded Bleacher Report in 2007 with David Finocchio, Alexander Freund, and David Nemetz, who were friends from middle school. The site was sold for $200 million to Turner Broadcasting System in 2012.

Kingdom of Israel (united monarchy)

The United Kingdom of Israel (Hebrew: ) was an ancient Israelite kingdom during the Iron Age.

It was a kingdom in which all the tribes of Israel were united under one rule in the Land of Israel, and it existed for about a hundred years, from the anointing of Saul as king until the division of the kingdom after the death of Solomon into two separate kingdoms: Israel and Judah.

According to the Tanakh, the "Kingdom of Israel" in the days of Saul stretched from the Negev to the Golan and included most of the coastal plain (except for the southern part that was in the hands of the Philistines), the cities of Judea and Samaria (with the exception of Jerusalem and Beit Shan which were only conquered during the time of David), and areas past the eastern Jordan that are in the territory of the modern Kingdom of Jordan.

In the days of David and Solomon, the influence of the "Kingdom of Israel" expanded and it included the "Kingdom of Aram Zoba" to the north and the kingdoms of Ammon, Moab and Edom to the east, some under its direct control and some as proteges. The northern border of the kingdom passed through the "city of Passover", located on the west bank of the Euphrates River in the territory of modern Syria.

Trailer Choir

Trailer Choir is an American country music group formed in 2013.


Change Your Life (Little Mix song)

"Change Your Life" is a 2013 song by Little Mix and is the third single from their debut studio album "DNA". It went to number 12 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 8 in Scotland and Australia and number 29 in New Zealand. It is likened to the 1997 single "Never Ever" by All Saints.

Mark Javier

Mark Pinili Javier (born October 20, 1981) is an archer from the Philippines. Javier competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Rowel Merto

Rowel Merto (born December 12, 1961) is a Filipino archer. Merto competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Khaybar Khaybar ya yahud

Khaybar Khaybar ya yahud (Arabicː خيبر خيبر يا يهود جيش محمد سوف يعود) is an Islamic chant in the Arabic language that was used in the Battle of Khaybar where Muhammad defeated the Jews of Khaybar in the country of Saudi Arabia. This chant is seen as anti-Semitic by news outlets such as PBS, and the Times of Israel, along with advocacy groups such as the ADL.

Sahih Ibn Khuzaymah

Sahih Ibn Khuzaymah (Arabicː صحيح ابن خزيمة) is a collection of religious texts from the 9th century Islamic scholar Ibn Khuzaymah. 

The book contains 3000 ahadiths according to Maktaba Shamila. However, according to the Islamic scholar Ibn Hajar, the real name of the collection of texts was Kitab Al Sahih which means "The Authentic Book". According to the scholar, the book is claimed to be authentic without any breaks in the preservation of the ahadith.""

Cecelia, Abbess of Romney Abbey

Cecilia of Normandy (or Cecily; c. 1056 – 30 July 1126) was a French abbess, thought to be the eldest daughter of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders.

Bad Love (Eric Clapton song)

"Bad Love" is a 1990 song by Eric Clapton and is the leading single from his 11th studio album "Journeyman". It went to number 88 in the United States, number 25 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Japan and number 83 in the Netherlands and won a Grammy award in 1991.

Constance, Duchess of Brittany

Constance of Normandy (between 1057 and 1061 – 13 August 1090) was a Duchess of Brittany.

She was one of the nine children of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. She was born in Normandy, where her father was duke. William of Jumièges, the monk who chronicled the 1066 Norman conquest of England, names Constance second among the daughters of King William and Queen Matilda. No source indicates the order of birth of the couple's daughters, however.

Shades of Deep Purple

Shades of Deep Purple is the debut studio album by British rock band Deep Purple. It was released on 17 July, 1968 through Parlophone records and went to number 24 in the United States and number 19 in Canada. It features their debut single "Hush" which went to number 4 in the United States and number 2 in Canada.

All credits adapted from the original releases.


Constance of France, Countess of Toulouse

Constance of France ( – ) was a French princess of the House of Capet, the only daughter of Louis VI of France and his wife Adélaide de Maurienne. Amongst her siblings was Louis VII, who succeeded their father in 1137.
Eustace IV, Count of Boulogne

Eustace IV (c. 1129/1131 17 August 1153) ruled the County of Boulogne from 1146 until his death. He was the eldest son of King Stephen of England and Countess Matilda I of Boulogne. When his father seized the English throne on Henry I's death in 1135, he became heir apparent to the English throne but predeceased his father.

Baniya

Baniya, or Bania, is a clan of the Gurjar community of India and Pakistan.
They speak Gujari in the Himalayan region and a number of other languages in the other locations where they inhabit. They practise Hinduism and Islam. They are Muslims in Kashmir and Pakistan, and Hindus in northern Indian regions.

They inhabit in several provinces of Pakistan, including Punjab, Balochistan, Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, and Gilgit-Baltistan.

They are mostly found in Indian states such as Rajasthan, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, East Punjab, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir.

Bainsla

Bainsla or Baisla is a clan of Gurjar ethnic community. It's variant spellings include "Bainsle, Baisle Besle, Bansla and Bansal". 

They are generally located in northern Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. most of their population found in these states.


Awana (clan)

Awana or Awan is one of the largest clans of the Gurjars. They live in Jammu Kashmir, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Rajasthan.

Bhadana

Bhadana also known as Padana is a clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjars. once they ruled the Bhadanaka kingdom of north India from Early 11th century to 12th century.

Chechi

Chechi, Yuechi,Yuchi Or Yuezi are a subgroup of the Gujjar people of South Asia. They live in different areas of Pakistan, Afghanistan and India.

Rajan

Rajan is the name or the honor given to the ""Kings or Prince"". Rajan stand for the ""Great King"" in Sanskrit are discussed in noncommittal terms of their duties as rulers, who ""protect, serve and patronize the arts"".

According to several mythological epics like the "Mahabharata", "Ramayana", etc., the Rajan name is given as the honor to the Kings like Rama, Dasharatha etc.

Charr

"Charr', or Char is clan originally found among the Gurjars of India and Pakistan.

They are inhabitants of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Balochistan and Islamabad areas of Pakistan. And also located in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Dehli and Jammu and Kashmir regions of north India.

Dhakar

Dhakar is a clan of the Laur Gurjar community of Gujarat and Rajasthan. They are primarily an agricultural community in the Punjab region. There are Hindu Dhakar Gujjars in certain northern Indian regions, as well as a small number of Sikhs in Punjab. Muslims Dhakar live in Azad Kashmir and West Punjab. The "Dhakar" Gujjars are a distinct ethnic group from the Dhakar Hindu Caste of Northern India.

