They are mostly concentrated in east Punjab, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan 
and Jammu and Kashmir. 
They also live in Pakistani provinces including the 
Sindh, West Punjab, Azad Kashmir, .

Maitrak

Maitrak, also known as Maitraka or Maitrik is a clan originally found among Gurjars of northern India.

Dogar

Dogar is a clan of Gurjars. Dogar Gujjar families mainly found in some areas of Azad Kashmir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab, Pakistan. Dogar clan is also found among Jats as well. Jat related to this clan mainly found in Delhi and Punjab, India.

Lohsar

Lohsar is a clan of Indian and Pakistani Gurjar ethnic community. It is a agricultural Gujjar clan in Punjab, Kashmir and is also a subclan of Khatana Gujjars.

They are located in Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Gujarat and Dehli. And also located in various Pakistani regions, including the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Balochistan, Islamabad and Punjab (especially in Gujranwala & Gujrat district).

Mundan

Mundan is a agricultural clan originally found among the Gurjars of Indian and Pakistan. They follow mostly Hinduism and Islam as their main religions.

They are found in Azad Kashmir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh and Pakistani Punjab provinces of Pakistan. They are also numerously found in the Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana (in districts of Kaithal, Karnal and Sonipat), Indian Punjab (in District Hoshiarpur) and Dehli Indian regions. 

Kapasia

Kapasia also spelled Kapasiya is a clan of the Gurjars of India and Pakistan.

They can be found in the Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir and Balochistan regions of Pakistan. Also found in Indian regions of Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, and Dehli.

Bidhuri

Bidhuri or Vidhuri is a clan originally found among the Hindu Gurjars of northern India. "Vidhudi, Vidhuri, Bhiduri and Bidhudi" is an alternative English clan spelling.



Tanwar

Tomar (also spelled as Tomara, Tanwar, Tunwar, Taur or Toor) is a clan of the Gurjars of Pakistan and India. They found among Hindu and Muslim Gujjars in various regions of Indo-Pak.

They are mainly found in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal and Delhi regions of India. While in Pakistan they found in Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir and Islamabad.

Rana (clan)

Rana is a clan the Gurjar ethnicity. It is predominantly found among the Gujjars of Jammu and Kashmir, as well as in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.

Ratala

Ratala is a clan of the Gurjar community. It is commonly found in Hindu and Musliim Gujjars of Rajasthan, Gujarat Uttar Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir.

Ruby Sunday (Doctor Who)

Ruby Sunday is a fictional character created by Russell T Davies and portrayed by Millie Gibson in the long-running British sci-fi television series Doctor Who, She will serve as a companion of the fifteenth incarnation of the alien time traveller known as the Doctor (portrayed by Ncuti Gatwa).
Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma

Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma (1545-1592), emerged as a prominent military leader and statesman during the late Renaissance period. Born into the influential Farnese family, he received a comprehensive education in military tactics, diplomacy, and the arts. Farnese's notable achievements began with his service in the Siege of Malta in 1565, which drew the attention of his uncle, King Philip II of Spain. Subsequently, he was appointed as the Governor of Siena in 1567.

Farnese rose to prominence as the Governor-General of the Spanish Netherlands during the Eighty Years' War, a protracted conflict between the Spanish Empire and the Dutch Republic. His military prowess and strategic acumen were exemplified in his successful campaigns to reconquer lost territories. Employing innovative tactics and siege warfare, Farnese's forces recaptured significant cities like Antwerp and Maastricht. Furthermore, his diplomatic skills in securing alliances with other European powers, including England and France, strengthened his position.

Aside from his military endeavors, Farnese was also a patron of the arts, fostering a flourishing cultural environment in the territories under his control. Talented artists, such as Giuseppe Arcimboldo and Jacques de Gheyn II, were commissioned to create magnificent works, while musicians, writers, and other artists enjoyed his support. In addition, Farnese contributed to the administration of his territories through implementing reforms that improved infrastructure, agriculture, trade, and education. These efforts endeared him to the local populations and solidified his influence.

Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma, passed away in 1592, leaving behind a legacy as one of the most skilled military commanders and influential figures of his era. His strategic brilliance, diplomatic finesse, and contributions to governance and culture significantly impacted European history.
Dongying

Dongying () is a prefecture-level city in northern Shandong province, China. In 2020, 2,193,518 people lived there.

Dongying administers three districts and two counties:

Zibo

Zibo () is a prefecture-level city in central Shandong province, China. In 2020, 4,704,138 people lived there.

Zibo administers five districts and three counties:

Linyi

Linyi () is a prefecture-level city in southern Shandong province, China. In 2020, 11,018,365 people lived there.

Linyi was totally destroyed by the 8.5 magnitude 1668 Shandong earthquake, whose epicenter was to the northeast and very close to the city.

Linyi administers three districts and nine counties:

List of programs broadcast by Universal Kids (block)

This is a list of programs that currently air and formerly aired on Universal Kids and under its former branding as Sprout.


The programming blocks below were all shown under the "Sprout" banner.

Jining

Jining () is a prefecture-level city in southwestern Shandong province, China. In 2020, 8,357,897 people lived there.

Duncan River (New Zealand)

The Duncan River is a river in the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It starts in the Red Hills Range and flows northeast to the Gorge River, which flows west into the Tasman Sea.



Jerry River

The Jerry River is a river in the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It flows northwest into the Gorge River, which flows into the Tasman Sea between Jackson Bay and Big Bay.



Bredsand

Bredsand is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 465 people lived there.

Fjärdhundra

Fjärdhundra is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 951 people lived there.

Hummelsta

Hummelsta is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,002 people lived there.

Kärsta och Bredsdal

Kärsta och Bredsdal is a bimunicipal locality in Västerås Municipality, Västmanland County and Enköping Municipality, Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 261 people lived there.

Lillkyrka

Lillkyrka is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 301 people lived there.

Darshana Banik

Darshana Banik is an Indian actress who primarily works in the Bengali film industry. 

Örsundsbro

Örsundsbro is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,813 people lived there.

Marry Me (Jason Derulo song)

"Marry Me" is a 2013 song by American singer Jason Derulo and is taken from his albums "Tattoos" and "Talk Dirty". It went to number 5 in Belgium, number 8 in Australia, number 14 in New Zealand, number 23 in Japan, number 26 in the United States and number 27 in Austria.


Jason Derulo (album)

Jason Derulo (stylized as Jason Derülo) is the debut studio album by American singer Jason Derulo and was released on February 26, 2010. It went to number 4 in Australia, number 5 in New Zealand, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Canada, number 10 in Ireland, number 11 in the United States and number 13 in Switzerland.

La Villeneuve-sous-Thury

La Villeneuve-sous-Thury is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Oise department in north France.

Lavilleneuve

Lavilleneuve is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France.


Lavilleneuve-au-Roi

Lavilleneuve-au-Roi is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France. Between 1972 and 2012, it was part of the commune of Autreville-sur-la-Renne.


Autreville-sur-la-Renne

Autreville-sur-la-Renne is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France. Between 1972 and 2012, the commune Lavilleneuve-au-Roi was part of Autreville-sur-la-Renne.


Porciúncula

Porciúncula is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2022, 17,288 people lived here and its area is 291,847 km².

Natividade, Rio de Janeiro

Natividade is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 15,311 people lived here and its area is 387 km².

Saint-Germain-lès-Arpajon

Saint-Germain-lès-Arpajon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Germain-lès-Corbeil

Saint-Germain-lès-Corbeil is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Hilaire, Essonne

Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Jean-de-Beauregard

Saint-Jean-de-Beauregard is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Pierre-du-Perray

Saint-Pierre-du-Perray is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saintry-sur-Seine

Saintry-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières

Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières is on the river Renarde, south of Paris.


Saint-Vrain, Essonne

Saint-Vrain is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Yon

Saint-Yon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saulx-les-Chartreux

Saulx-les-Chartreux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Sermaise, Essonne

Sermaise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Jordan Hadži Konstantinov-Džinot

Yordan Hadzhikonstantinov - Dzhinot (, , c. 1818 – 22 August 1882), was a Bulgarian teacher and author, an important figure of the Bulgarian National Revival during the 19th century.

Madness and Civilization

Madness and Civilization is a book by Michel Foucault. Foucault wrote it in 1961 and it’s about how people understand Mental illness.

In the book, Foucault says that people during the Renaissance praised Madness and the wisdom of insane people but that during the Age of Enlightenment, they started to lock up insane people. Foucault said society was trying to punish them. He said the difference between normal and insane was just an idea that society created as an excuse to lock people up and let doctors study them. Foucault said that treating Madness as a disease was actually as bad as trying to punish people for being insane. 

In 1985, José Guilherme Merquior said that Foucault ignored how badly everyone actually treated insane people in the Middle Ages and Renaissance when people actually thought that being insane was worse than being evil. And Merquior said that Foucault made a lot of mistakes in the book. 

But in the 1990s, Jan Goldstein, Roy Porter , and Gary Gutting said a lot of good things about the book. A man named Kenneth Lewes compared it to The Myth of Mental Illness by Thomas Szasz. 

2016–17 Red Bull Salzburg season

he 2016–17 FC Red Bull Salzburg season was the 84th season in club history. They were defending both titels from last season (Champion and Cup). It was the 4th championship in a row. The U19 team of Salzburg won the UEFA Youth League.

Adam in Islam

Adam is believed to have been the first human being on earth and the first prophet of Islam. He is said to have been 960 years of age when he died.
Caddo Lake (movie)

Caddo Lake is a 2025 American horror film starring Lauren Ambrose. It will come out in April 4, 2025.


Philautus dubius

The Darjeeling bubble-nest frog, Boulenger's tree frog, Günther's micro tree frog, or Darjeeling shrub frog ("Philautus dubius") is a frog. It lives in India.

KGET-TV

KGET-TV (channel 17) is a television station in Bakersfield, California, United States.

Founded by businessman Ed Urner, KGET-TV first broadcast on November 8, 1959 as an affiliate of ABC.


Khaleej Times

Khaleej Times is a newspaper published in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Launched on 16 April 1978, it is the UAE's oldest English daily newspaper.
The UAE government began publishing the daily on 16 April 1978.

Butaro Hospital

The Butaro Hospital is a hospital in Burera District, in the Northern Province of Rwanda. The hospital serves as the district hospital for Burera District and surrounding communities. There are 256 beds. There is an emergency room, intensive care units, pediatric ward, surgical theaters and an IT room. It opened in 2011.

It has the Butaro Cancer Center of Excellence, the first cancer ward in rural East Africa and a outpatient centre for chemotherapy.

Richard Hunt (sculptor)

Richard Hunt (September 12, 1935 – December 16, 2023) was an American sculptor. He was born in Chicago. His sculptures were metal abstract constructions. He studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in the 1950s. In 1971, he was the first African-American sculptor to have a retrospective at Museum of Modern Art in New York. Hunt created more than 160 public sculptures in 24 states.

The Psychopathy Checklist

The Psychopathy Checklist is a test Robert D. Hare created in the 1970s to figure out if a person were a psychopath. Hare based it on The Mask of Sanity by Hervey M. Cleckley. 

List of memoirs by first ladies of the United States

Thirteen first ladies of the United States have written a total of 22 memoirs. Every memoir by a first lady published in the 20th and 21st centuries has been a bestseller, at times outselling those of their presidential husbands.

RTL Group

RTL Group is a media company from Luxembourg. It is mainly known because it operates a number of private radio and TV stations in many European countries.

Herleva

Herleva (died c. 1050) was an 11th-century Norman woman. She is known for being the mother of William the Conqueror also of William's half-brothers Odo of Bayeux and Robert, Count of Mortain, born to Herleva's marriage to Herluin de Conteville.

Wakanda

Wakanda, officially known as the Kingdom of Wakanda, is a fictional small nation in North East Africa. It appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. For centuries they have remained in isolation and are now considered the most technologically advanced nation of the planet. Birnin Zana is the capital and largest city. It is located in sub-Saharan Africa and is home to the superhero Black Panther.

Wakanda has appeared in comics and various media adaptations, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

Gordo (dinosaur)

Gordo is the nickname given to a dinosaur skeleton exhibited at Toronto's Royal Ontario Museum. It is the largest dinosaur skeleton on display in Canada. There is another of its species, of the same size, in the American Museum of Natural History in New York City.

The official name of the skeleton is ROM 3670. It is one of the most complete specimens of the genus "Barosaurus" in North America. It is more than long. It is exhibited in the James and Louise Temerty Galleries of the Age of Dinosaurs, and can also be seen from the outside in the museum's second-floor windows.

In 1912, a Carnegie excavation team unearthed three nearly complete "Barosaurus" skeletons in a quarry in Utah. The quarry has become part of the Dinosaur National Monument Fossil Quarry, where a number of complete dinosaur specimens have been unearthed since its discovery in 1909. More than 70 tons of material were collected from the site for the Carnegie Museum in Pennsylvania. Around 1962, one of the skeletons from the Pennsylvania collection was transferred to the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) in Toronto, Canada for their new dinosaur gallery. But once it arrived, it was put into storage, as the museum had run out of floor space in the gallery.

The fossil material was left untouched for several years. In 2007, curator David Evans was looking for a sauropod specimen to add to the ROM's collection. (Barosaurus is a sauropod ) After reading an article detailing a specimen housed within the museum's collections, Evans found the specimen of "Barosaurus" that is now a centerpiece of ROM's dinosaur exhibit.
Gordo is named for Gordon Edmunds, the curator who arranged for the skeleton to be brought to the ROM, and who had hoped to display it fully but was unable to.

Dancing in the Dark (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Dancing in the Dark" is a 1984 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the leading single from his seventh studio album "Born in the U.S.A." and went to number 2 in the United States, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Ireland and Sweden, number 4 in the United Kingdom and South Africa, number 3 in Canada, number 1 in Belgium, number 7 in Norway and number 5 in Australia. It won a Grammy Award in 1985 and features Courteney Cox in the music video.


(*Car-shaped picture disc released in the UK, featuring a pink Cadillac on the front side)




Ramonda

Ramonda is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. She is the Queen Mother of Wakanda, mother to Shuri and step-mother to T'Challa. The character, created by Don McGregor and Gene Colan, first appeared in "Marvel Comics Presents" #14 (March 1989).

Ramonda appears in media set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, portrayed by Angela Bassett. This version is the mother of T'Challa and Shuri. She appears in the live-action movies "Black Panther", "" and "", while alternate universe versions appear in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?"

Francisco Naranjilla

Francisco Naranjilla (5 June 1932 – May 2003) was a Filipino archer. Naranjilla competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Carlos Santos

Carlos Santos (born 1 January 1940) is a Filipino archer. Santos competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Valkyrie (Marvel Comics)

Valkyrie (also known as Brunnhilde) is a fictional superheroine from the Marvel Comics universe. She is an Asgardian, and mainly a member of the Avengers and the Defenders. She was created by Steve Englehart and Sal Buscema.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where she is portrayed by Tessa Thompson.

She was created by Roy Thomas, Sal Buscema, and Steve Englehart, and first appeared in "Defenders #4" in February of 1973.

Peggy Carter

Doctor Margaret Alexandra "Peggy" Carter, also known as Agent 13 and The Dryad, is a fictional character and superheroine in Marvel Comics. She has appeared as a major character in the "Captain America" comics, acting as his ally, love-interest and partner on occasions during World War II. Though she initially passed away due to her advanced age, she would be revived by the Cosmic Cube Kobik, and became the leader of the Daughters of Liberty.

She was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby and the late John Romita Sr., and first appeared in "Tales of Suspense #75" in March of 1966.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is portrayed and voiced by Hayley Atwell. 

Sharon Carter

Sharon Carter (also known as Agent 13 and Destroyer) is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.

She is the niece of Peggy Carter, who was a famous agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. during the Second World War and the Cold War. She is usually depicted as a secret agent and an ex-field agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. under Nick Fury, and the girlfriend of Captain America. She is also a member of the Femme Force, Secret Avengers, and Daughters of Liberty.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is portrayed by Emily VanCamp, who also played Amanda Porter in "Revenge".

She was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby, and the late Dick Ayers, and first appeared in "Tales of Suspense #75" in March of 1966.

Nebula (character)

Nebula is a fictional character, an alien villain and later anti-heroine appearing in the Marvel Comics universe. A pirate and mercenary operating in outer space, the character has frequently appeared as a major opponent of the Avengers, ally/rival of the Avengers, Nova, the Silver Surfer, and the Guardians of the Galaxy. She along with J’son are the secondary antagonists of the Guardians.

Nebula has appeared in several other media adaptations of the Marvel comics, including animated television series and video games. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise, the character is played by actress Karen Gillan.

She was created by Roger Stern and the late John Buscema.

Agata Bulwa

Agata Bulwa (born 4 September 1975) is a Polish archer. Bulwa competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Rafał Dobrowolski

Rafał Dobrowolski (born 27 December 1983) is an archer from Poland. Dobrowolski competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Misty Knight

Mercedes Knight, also known as Misty Knight, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics and its universe, appearing as a major characters in numerous comics, such as "Luke Cage", "Iron Fist", and "The Defenders" comics.

She was originally a NYPD lieutenant who lost her arm on duty, but was given a bionic arm by Tony Stark and decided to leave the department after she was given a desk job. Becoming a private investigator, Misty worked with her close Colleen Wing stopping threats in New York, and helping superheroes. She is the partner of Luke Cage and Iron Fist, and a member of the Daughters of the Dragon, Heroes for Hire, Aberrant Crimes Division, Valkyrior's Defenders, and Daughters of Liberty.

She was created by Arvell Jones, Tony Isabella, Roy Thomas and Ross Andru, and first appeared in "Marvel Premiere #21" in March of 1975.

Simone Missick portrayed the character in the Netflix television series "Luke Cage" (2016–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and the second season of "Iron Fist" (2018), set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

Monica Rambeau

Monica Rambeau (also known as Spectrum) is a fictional character and superheroine from the Marvel Comics and its universe. She became known as second Captain Marvel after being dubbed so by the media, but would later go on by different aliases, such as Photon and Pulsar, as she gave up the title of "Captain Marvel" and "Photon" to Genis-Vell.

The daughter of Frank and Maria Rambeau, the Louisianan became a superhero after being exposed with extra-dimensional energy from a energy disruptor. After learning how to control her powers, Monica became a superhero and dedicated her life to stopping threats on Earth. She has been a member of the Avengers, the Mighty Avengers, Nextwave, the Ultimates, and Strikeforce.

She was created by Roger Stern, the late John Romita Sr. and John Romita Jr., and first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man Annual #15" in August-October of 1982.

Monica Rambeau appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Captain Marvel" (2019) and "The Marvels" (2023) as well as the television miniseries "WandaVision" (2021), portrayed by Akira Akbar as a child and Teyonah Parris as an adult.

2004 United States Senate election in South Dakota

The 2004 United States Senate election in South Dakota happened on November 2, 2004. The Republican candidate, John Thune, barely defeated the Democratic candidate, Tom Daschle, by less than 5,000 votes.

Tom Daschle was the leader of the Democratic Party in the Senate. This was the only time since 1952 that a party leader in the Senate lost an election in United States history. Daschle was the only Senator to lose re-election in 2004.

This election happened at the same time as the 2004 United States presidential election.


John Thune, President George W. Bush, and Vice President Dick Cheney said Daschle was the "chief obstructionist" of President Bush's goals and claimed he used filibusters to delay these goals. John Thune, the Republican candidate, showed his strong support for the war in Iraq. John Thune accused Tom Daschle of "emboldening the enemy." Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist visited South Dakota to help John Thune, breaking a tradition that a leader of one party would not campaign for the defeat of the other party leader. Early in the race, Tom Daschle looked like he was going to win. However, by November 2004, many polls showed that Tom Daschle and John Thune were both equally likely to win the election.

Hōjōki

, translated as "An Account of My Hut" or "The Ten Foot Square Hut", is an important and popular short book of the early Kamakura period (1185–1333) in Japan. It was written in March 1212 by Kamo no Chōmei.

The book outlines the Buddhist concept of impermanence ("mujō"). It does so through the description of various disasters such as earthquake, famine, whirlwind and fire that happened to the people of the capital city Kyoto.

The author Chōmeihad been a court poet and a player of the biwa and koto in his youth.. In his fifties, he became a Buddhist monk and moved farther and farther into the mountains. He ended up living in a 10-foot square hut located at Mt. Hino.

The book has been classified both as part of the zuihitsu genre and as Buddhist literature. The book is considered as a Japanese literary classic. It is part of the Japanese school curriculum.


Ivy Dominique

Ivy Dominique (born May 30, 1979) is a Ukrainian-Russian actress,model, producer, and former pageant queen. She is also a nurse and advocate. She has been featured on the covers of Harper’s Bazaar Vietnam and Glamour Magazine.

Dominique has Ph.D. in Psychology and is a licensed nurse with certifications in cognitive behavior therapy, grief, and trauma. Dominique is pursuing a medical degree and is involved in several philanthropic and advocacy pursuits.

Modeling

Dominique started her modeling career in New York as a side passion, later expanding her profile into Los Angeles and other international markets. She walked the runways at several high-profile fashion events, including Milan, Paris, and New York Fashion Weeks.

Advocate

Dominique is also an advocate and addresses various social issues such as PTSD, domestic violence, consent, sexual assault, human trafficking, invisible illnesses, mental health, and veterans. She is a courageous survivor of domestic violence and sexual abuse. Dominique has also spoken at multiple international conferences and the United Nations, raising awareness and advocating for change on many important issues. She shares her experiences so that people do not feel alone and realize that it can happen to anyone and that a great life is possible after survival.

In 2022, Dominique collaborated with The Consent Awareness Network to advocate for legislative change and a definitive legal definition of consent. She has a firm commitment to justice, which ensures that offenders can no longer exploit legal loopholes and enable survivors to receive the justice they deserve.

•    Glamour Magazine Woman of the Year Award, 2022

•    Ms. Tourism USA 2018

•    President's Lifetime Achievement Award

Shen Yun

Shen Yun Performing Arts (Chinese: 神韻藝術團; 'divine rhythm arts troupe') is a non-profit performing arts and entertainment company based in Deerpark, New York. It tours internationally. The performances include dance and symphonic music. It is part of the Falun Gong new religious movement. There are eight large performing arts companies, with a total of about 480 performers. Shen Yun has performed in front of millions and has toured more than 200 cities across the world, except for China.

The Chinese government says the shows are "propaganda" intended to "smear China's image." Their 2023-4 tour is called "China before Communism". It is supported by The Epoch Times. 

Gnassag

Gnassag is a fictional character from the video game "Bloodline: Heroes of Lithas" created by "GOAT Games". He is an incubus demon, a member of Clan The Luxuriant and companion of the player character. 

The Epoch Times

The Epoch Times is a far-right international multi-language newspaper and non-profit media company. It is part of the Falun Gong new religious movement. The newspaper, based in New York City, is part of the Epoch Media Group, which also runs New Tang Dynasty (NTD) Television. "The Epoch Times" has websites in 35 countries but is blocked in mainland China. It was started in Georgia in 2000. It attacks the Chinese Communist Party’s “massive crimes” and “attempts to eradicate all traditional morality and religious belief.” There is no content about drugs, gay people or popular music. It supports Donald Trump.

Pedro Nuno Santos

Pedro Nuno de Oliveira Santos (born 13 April 1977) is a Portuguese economist and politician, who is the Secretary-General of the Socialist Party since 2024. Before, he was Secretary of State for Parliamentary Affairs, from November 2015 to February 2019, and afterwards as Minister of Infrastructure and Housing, from February 2019 to January 2023.

In December 2023, Santos was elected to replace António Costa as Secretary-General of the Socialist Party.

Mohammed Shahabuddin

Mohammed Shahabuddin (born 10 December 1949) is a Bangladeshi lawyer and politician who is the 16th and current President of Bangladesh since 2023. He is a member of the Awami League. Before being elected president, he was a judge and commissioner of the Anti-Corruption Commission from 2011 to 2016.

Trương Mỹ Lan

Truong My Lan, also known as Trương Muội, is a Vietnamese businesswoman. She is the founder and chairwoman of the board of directors of Van Thinh Phat Group. Truong My Lan's family is one of the richest families in Vietnam. Her husband is Eric Chu Nap Kee, a businessman in the real estate sector in Hong Kong.

Van Thinh Phat borrowed up to more than 304 000 billion VND from SCB Bank and then appropriated a particularly large amount of money.

Network layer

A network is a set of nodes connected by communication links. A node can be a computer, printer, or any other device capable of sending or receiving data from or to the other node in the network.
1824 Vagrancy Act

The Vagrancy Act 1824 (5 Geo. 4. c. 83) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom that makes it a crime to sleep rough or beg in England and Wales. The law was passed to combat the increasing number of people forced to live on the streets at the end of the Napoleonic Wars and the social effects of the Industrial Revolution. Critics of the law include William Wilberforce, who condemned the Act for making vagrancy a crime with no consideration of the circumstances as to why an individual might be homeless.

Parts of the Act have not been repealed by UK Parliament. Most of its legal provisions remain convictable offences and are enforceable in England. In 2020, 573 people were prosecuted under the act.

It was repealed in Scotland in 1982.

In 2023 Rishi Sunak's government were considering a new law. This would make anyone who is sleeping rough, or “appearing” as though they are or intending to do so in future and who could cause or are “likely to cause” a “nuisance” a criminal. Punishment could be a month’s imprisonment and/or fines of up to £2,500. 

Electronic tuner

When the musician plays a single note, the tuner senses the pitch. The tuner then displays the pitch in relation to the desired pitch, and indicates whether the input pitch is lower, higher, or equal to the desired pitch. The humble guitar tuner is one of the most essential pieces of gear that any guitarist can own. Though its function may be simple, the importance is incredibly high; and ensuring your guitar is in tune is paramount. Decades ago you would've had to use tuning forks, pitch pipes or have perfect pitch.

Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge

Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge is a nature area in New York City looked after by the National Park Service. It includes the open water and marshes of Jamaica Bay in Brooklyn and Queens. The refuge has islands in Jamaica Bay, near John F. Kennedy International Airport. The airport was built over part of the wetlands in the bay, causing environmental changes with airplane noise. However, the refuge has many different habitats like salt marshes, dunes, ponds, woodlands, and fields. 

Jamaica Bay Wildlife refuge is special as the only "wildlife refuge" in the National Park System. It was first started by New York City and later handed over to Gateway National Recreation Area. The refuge has paths around the East and West Pond, although the latter was affected by Hurricane Sandy in 2012.

In 1938, Robert Moses, the commissioner of the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation (NYC Parks), started plans for a wildlife refuge around Jamaica Bay. His goal was to prevent industrial development in the area. By 1941, Moses thought about converting Jamaica Bay into an 18,000-acre recreation center, seeking control from NYC Parks in 1945 to create a haven for wildlife and water activities. After about twelve years of planning, Moses started construction in 1950. About 84,000 workers helped develop the park.

Moses is credited with introducing the idea of freshwater ponds alongside the saltwater marshes, attracting diverse wildlife. The first phase of the project was completed in 1953, and Herbert Johnson became the refuge's first superintendent. The site quickly became a sanctuary for birds, with 208 species identified in the first five years. Notable species, like black skimmers and snowy egrets, returned to the area after several decades. During the early years, diverse wildlife, including black bears, coyotes, elk, and wolves, could be found in the park. Birdwatchers began visiting in the late 1950s.

In 1972, control of the site transferred to the National Park Service, which now manages the refuge as part of the Gateway National Recreation Area.

The refuge is a home to many plants and animals, both in the water and on land. It's a great place for bird watching in New York City, with various resident and migratory birds. Ospreys, once endangered by the pesticide DDT, have been nesting regularly in the refuge since 1991. Scientists capture, tag, and study them to learn more about their behaviors. Small mammals like eastern gray squirrels and raccoons also inhabit the area. However, the growing raccoon population has been causing issues by eating diamondback terrapin eggs shortly after they are laid.

Ext4

ext4 (fourth extended filesystem) is a journaling file system for Linux. ext4 is the default filesystem for many distributions, such as Debian and Ubuntu. It is made to use as much of the space available as possible. The file system is also used on FreeBSD and other UNIX based operating systems.

Queen (disambiguation)

A queen is a woman who rules a monarchy, or the wife of a king.

Queen may also refer to:






Tarsdorf

Tarsdorf is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state Upper Austria.

The villages in the municipality are (with population in brackets as at 1 Jan 2020):
Finds in the Weilhart Forest indicate that the Tarsdorf area had already been settled by the Neolithic. Burial mounds from the Hallstatt period have been discovered. The area was settled by Celts around 500 BC. 

In the Roman era, the road from Salzburg to Burghausen led through Tarsdorf. It ran through Hofweiden, Tarsdorf and Hörndl. The remains of a rustic villa, a millstone, shards of bowls, bricks from an underfloor heating system, pieces of plaster and a silver coin, all dating back to the first four centuries AD, have been discovered between Hofweiden and Tarsdorf.

In the sixth centuries the immigrating Bajuwars, ancestors of today's Bavarians, cleared large parts of the Weilhart-forest.


Bangkok Post

"The" Bangkok Post is an English-language Thai newspaper. It is published in Bangkok. It was first published in 1946. It is Thailand's oldest newspaper that is still published.

The daily circulation of the "Bangkok Post" is 110,000,; 80 percent of this is distributed in Bangkok and the rest nationwide.

From July 2016 until mid-May 2018, the editor of the "Bangkok Post" was Umesh Pandey. On 14 May 2018, Pandey was "forced to step down" as editor after refusing to soften coverage critical of the ruling military junta.

Life imprisonment in Belgium

Life imprisonment is legal in Belgium, and is the most massive punishment available under Belgian law since the abolition of the death penalty.

Children under age 14 are never prosecuted in Belgium. For children aged 14 to 17, the juvenile tribunal has jurisdiction. The most massive punishment available to a juvenile tribunal for a defendant aged 14 or 15 is imprisonment until the age of 20.

When the accused is 16 or 17 and suspected of severe offenses, a juvenile court may transfer the case to the correctional tribunal (or, in the most serious of cases, to the court of assizes). The most massive punishment that a court of assizes may pass against a defendant aged 16 or 17 is 30 years' imprisonment (with eligibility to apply for parole after 15 years)

Radioluminescence

Radioluminescence is a way that some radioactive materials produce light. It is seen around some very strong sources of radiation. Radioluminescent paint is used for clock hands and signs to make them easier to see in the dark. 

Radioluminescence happens when an atom or molecule gets energy from ionizing radiation. The energy is released as a photon of light. A chemical that releases one type of light when it gets energy from ionizing radiation is called a phosphor. Radioluminescent materials are made by mixing something radioactive with a phosphor.

Radioluminescence is mostly used to make things visible in the dark. Most radioluminescent paint has radium, promethium, or tritium.

Radium was the first element used in radioluminescent paint. It was first used in 1908. The green light was made by mixing radium with zinc sulfide and copper. Other metals such as manganese and silver were used to make different colors of paint. Radium stopped being used in paint in the 1960s.

The isotope promethium-147 replaced radium in radioluminescent paint after the 1960s. It is less dangerous than radium. However, promethium-147 has a half-life of 2.62 years, so it does not last as long as radium or tritium.

Most radioluminescent materials now use tritium, which is a radioactive isotope of hydrogen. It is also less dangerous than radium, but it is a gas, so it cannot be mixed in paint. Tritium is put inside of glass tubes that have phosphor on the inside.

Odd Nerdrum

Odd Nerdrum (born 8 April 1944) is a Norwegian painter, born in Sweden. 

Nerdrum is critical of several modern art styles, and is mostly influences by the old masters Rembrandt and Caravaggio. Nerdrum works often show people that appear from another time or place. He defines his own style as kytsch rather than art. His work is seen in museums worldwide.

Marybeth Tinning

Marybeth Tinning (née Roe; born ) was a American former nursing assistant, convicted murderer, and suspected serial killer who was convicted of smothering and killing her 4-month-old child (a daughter named Tami Lynne) on 20 December 1985. As a result, she was incarcerated in a incarceration facility more than 1 ½ year later on 17 July 1987 and was charged with second-degree murder. She was released from the incarceration facility 31 years later on 21 August 2018. Her eight other children died under suspicious circumstances in the years leading up to Tami Lynne's birth and death. It was at first believed that Tinning's children were dying to due to a genetic problem (or problems) in the family, but even when Tinning's adoptive child Michael died on 2 March 1981 at the age of 2, from similar causes as the other biological children did, authorities failed to open a investigation. Tinning is now suspected to be a possible serial killer.
Marybsth Tining met Joseph "Joe" Tinning in 1963 on a blind date, and they married 2 years later in 1965. 

After their marriage, they went on to have 9 children (8 biological and 1 adoptive) which includes:

1. Barbara Tinning (31 May 19672 March 1972)

2. Joseph Tinning, Jr. (10 January 197020 January 1972)

3. Jennifer Tinning (26 December 19713 January 1972) 

4. Timothy Tinning (21 November10 December 1973)

5. Nathan Tinning (30 March2 September 1975)

6. Michael Tinning (adoptive; August 19782 March 1981) 

7. Mary Frances (30 October 197822 February 1979) 

8. Jonathan (4 November 197922 March 1980) 

9. Tami Lynne (22 August20 December 1985)
Hesat

Hesat is an ancient Egyptian goddess in the form of a cow. She was said to provide humanity with milk and in particular to suckle the pharaoh and several ancient Egyptian bull gods. In the Pyramid Tex

Magyar Televízió

MTV is a Hungary free-to-air television network owned by MTV. It is owned by the MTVA. 

It started broadcasting by satellite in 1957 and, since 1973, on television. In 1979, MTV became the largest channel and remained so for a number of years. 

From 2004 to 2019, the Magyar Televízió was a fully active member of the European Broadcasting Union.
Shivakant Shukla

Shivakant Shukla (born 26 January 1986) is an Indian first-class cricketer who played for Railways.

Girdhari Lal Dogra

Girdhari Lal (17 July 1915 – 27 November 1987) was an Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir, belonging to the National Conference and later the Indian National Congress. 

Garland

A garland is a decorative braid, knot or wreath of flowers, leaves, or other material. Garlands can be worn on the head or around the neck, hung on an inanimate object, or laid in a place of cultural or religious importance.

Vanscoy, Saskatchewan

Vanscoy incorporated as a village on June 17, 1919.

In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Vanscoy had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.

Jiordan Tolli

Jiordan Anna Tolli (born 17 June 1994) is an Australian actress and singer, known for playing the role of Lolly Allen in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". In 2013, Tolli competed in the fifth season of "The X Factor Australia" and reached the top five.

Newspaper of record

A newspaper of record is a national newspaper that is trustworthy. The newspapers are usually very popular.

Sometimes, it refers to a newspaper that a government uses to publish notices to the public.

Many newspapers of record are very old, like "Neue Zürcher Zeitung", "The Times", "The Guardian", "Le Figaro", and "The Sydney Morning Herald"). Other newspapers are very reputable in their quality and accuracy, like "The Wall Street Journal" and "The Telegraph or" "The Washington Post".

Al-Ashtar Brigades

The Al-Ashtar Brigades are a Shiite jihadist group operated in the country of Bahrain, and the ideology of the group is based off of Khomeinism and pledges itself to Iran. 

Super Trouper (song)

"Super Trooper" is a 1980 song by ABBA and is the title track to their seventh studio album "Super Trooper". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Germany, Norway, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium and Ireland, number 3 in Switzerland, Mexico and Austria and made number 45 in the United States. It went to be covered by A-Teens and Cher.

Philautus schmackeri

The Schmacker bubble-nest frog ("Philautus schmackeri") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it between 100 and 1650 meters above sea level on Mindoro Island.

Stay Another Day

"Stay Another Day" is a 1994 song by British boy band East 17 and is the third single from their second studio album "Steam". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Denmark, Scotland, Zimbabwe, Sweden, Denmark, Ireland, North Macedonia, Israel and Lithuania and made the top 10 in other countries except in Japan, Italy, Iceland and Finland. It was covered by Girls Aloud and Kylie Minogue.



LA Weekly

LA Weekly is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Los Angeles, California.

The paper was founded in 1978 by Jay Levin.

By 1990, "LA Weekly" had a circulation of 165,000. 

In 1994, "LA Weekly" was sold to Stern Publishing, owner of "The Village Voice".

In 2004, New Times Media bought Stern Publishing, and changed the company's name to Village Voice Media in October 2005.


Jacek Gilewski

Jacek Gilewski (born 25 January 1969) is a Polish archer. Gilewski competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Joanna Helbin

Joanna Helbin (born 2 July 1960) is a Polish archer. Helbin competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Beata Iwanek

Beata Iwanek (born 19 February 1964) is a Polish archer. Iwanek competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Katarzyna Klata

Katarzyna Klata (born 18 October 1972) is a Polish archer. Klata competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Edyta Korotkin

Edyta Korotkin (born 18 April 1972) is a Polish archer. Korotkin competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Sif (character)

Lady Sif is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics, and is a supporting character in "Thor" comics. She is the Vanir Norse goddess of War and Hunt, sister to Heimdall, and friend and love-interest to Thor.

She was created by the late Stan Lee, and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Journey into Mystery #102" in March of 1964.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is a supporting character in "Thor" (2011), and it's sequel, "" (2013), and a supporting character in "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." She appeared in one episode of the Disney+ "Loki" tv series, and returned in "" (2022), portrayed by Jaimie Alexander.

Rowan Winch

Rowan Winch is an American entrepreneur and social media personality. He co-founded the media company Fallen Media with Sol Betesh. He is known for running popular Instagram accounts.

Jack Bannon (English actor)

Jack Bannon (born 24 March 1991) is an English actor. He is known for his role as Christopher Morcom in "The Imitation Game", as Sam Thursday on the ITV drama series "Endeavour" (2013-2018, 2023) and as Alfred Pennyworth on the Epix crime drama series "Pennyworth" (2019–2022).

Wenchang Wang

Wenchang Wang (文昌王), also known as Wenchang Dijun, is a Taoist deity in Chinese mythology, celebrated as the God of Culture and Literature. People often refer to him as Wen Qu or Wen. His name translates to the King of Flourishing Culture and Language. Wenchang Wang is represented by a constellation of six stars near the Big Dipper, these stars have individual names like Shangjiang, Cijiang, Guixiang, Siming, Sizhong, and Silu.

Depicted as an elderly scholar with two attendants, Tianlong and Diya, Wenchang Wang is known to hold a pen and a book with the inscription "Heaven determines literary achievement." Taoist Scholars and writers historically invoke his assistance for inspiration or guidance, especially before exams.

Wenchang Wang was given titles like the Supporter of the Mongol Dynasty. He has been officially revered since 1314 A.D started by Yen Yu of Yuan dynasty. He is known for promoting positive influences and is a deity invoked by scholars and students for academic aid. Many temples honor him, with the Wenchang temple at Zitong being notable. Qiqu Mountain, its location, is famous for the largest cypress forest in China, and it's regarded as the origin of Wenchang culture. In Sichuan, it's said, "In the North, there is Confucius, and in the South, there is Wenchang".

Taichung has two significant temples dedicated to Wenchang Di Jun. One in Beitun, constructed in 1863, aimed to support learning. The other in Nantun, built in 1825, follows feng shui principles by facing south.

The tradition of worshiping Wenchang Wang dates back, being popular due to its accessibility to people from all walks of life. Even today, people worship him for similar reasons. His birthday, celebrated on the third day of the second month of the Chinese lunar calendar, involves visits to his temples, where officials and scholars offer sacrifices and recite poems.

Tanner Buchanan

Tanner Emmanuel Buchanan (born December 8, 1998) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Leo Kirkman in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor" and Robby Keene in the Netflix series "Cobra Kai". He is also known for his role Cameron Kweller in the romantic comedy film "He's All That".

Buchanan was born on December 8, 1998 in Lima, Ohio. His parents are Steve and Marlona Buchanan. He was raised in a Christian household and he attended Glandorf Elementary School in Ohio. He moved to Los Angeles with his family in 2007 to pursue his acting career.

In 2010, Buchanan made his first appearance on television, playing a child role in the "Modern Family" series. Three years later he appeared in "Grey's Anatomy", "Major Crimes", and "The Goldbergs". Buchanan had recurring roles on "Girl Meets World", "Game Shakers", and "The Fosters". In 2016, Buchanan played his first main role on television, playing Leo Kirkman in the political drama series "Designated Survivor". In 2018, Buchanan began playing Johnny Lawrence's estranged son Robby Keene in the YouTube Premium (and later Netflix) series "Cobra Kai". Buchanan also starred in the remake of "She's All That" called "He's All That".


Governor of Chaco Province

The Governor of Chaco () is the figure that holds the executive power of the Chaco Province, Argentina, and the highest political office of the province.

New Day (Take That song)

"New Day" is a song recorded by English band Take That for their eighth studio album, "Wonderland" (2017). It was written by Gary Barlow, Howard Donald, Mark Owen, Jamie Norton, and Ben Mark, while the production was done by Mark Ralph. It was released as the second single from "Wonderland" on 5 May 2017 through Polydor Records.

The second single from the album, titled "New Day", was released on 5 May 2017. It was written by Gary Barlow, Howard Donald, Mark Owen, Simon Strömstedt. 

The band also took part in a Q&A session with the audience members. On 27 April, it was announced on Twitter that "New Day" would be released as the next single from the album Wonderland.

The song's music video was directed by Gregg Masuak. The band must get to safety from zombies, killer clowns, a bloodtish dentist and other creepy creatures in her video for "New Day" from her album "Wonderland". Will they come out of this situation in the end?


Lezgiwal

Lezgival ( Lezgian : Лезгивал/Lezgiwal) is the Lezgin ethic code. It is a combination of Islam and Lezgin adats. The basis of Lezgiwal rules includes the importance of respect for elders and women, not bowing down to those who are stronger than themselves, compassion for the weak, honesty, honor and courage. A Lezgin's behavior towards the environment is always subject to this law, wherever he is.

Nestor Makhno

Nestor Ivanovych Makhno (1888–1934) was a Ukrainian anarchist revolutionary. He was the leader of the Makhnovshchina ("Makhno movement") and the Commander-in-Chief of the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine.

Makhno was born in a poor family in Huliaipole, in the south of Ukraine. He was put in prison because of his anarchist activism. During the Russian Revolution, he was set free and returned to his home town. He took property from the rich and gave it to poor farmers. When civil war broke out, he joined the side of the Bolsheviks. Together with the Red Army, Makhno's anarchist forces fought against the White Army and the Central Powers. After he beat them in battle, he attempted to establish anarchist communism in Ukraine. But the Bolsheviks turned against Makhno and attacked the Insurgent Army. Makhno withdrew from Ukraine and went into exile. He settled in Paris, where he wrote his memoirs and articles about anarchism. He argued a lot with other anarchists and was accused of antisemitism. He died from tuberculosis at the age of 45.

Nestor Makhno was born on 7 November 1888. His family were poor peasants and they lived in Huliaipole, in the south of Ukraine. Makhno had four brothers and his parents were former serfs. His father died while he was still very young. Growing up, Makhno was often absent from school and went to work on a farm at an early age. Makhno hated working for property owners and rebelled against them. He worked a number of different jobs to support his family.

In 1905, Makhno joined the local anarchist group in Huliaipole. The group robbed local businesspeople and attacked the police. By 1909, Makhno was arrested. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. In prison, Makhno was often kept in solitary confinement and became ill with tuberculosis. He was given an education by another prisoner, Peter Arshinov. But he also came to dislike intellectuals. From his prison cell, Makhno opposed the Russian Empire joining World War I. He was freed from prison during the Russian Revolution of 1917 and returned home to Huliaipole.

When he arrived in Huliaipole, he was welcomed by local peasants and members of his old anarchist group. Makhno wanted the anarchists to take leadership over the peasants, but the anarchist group would not help him. By himself, Makhno formed a trade union for local peasants. He was elected as the union's chairperson. Led by Makhno, peasants and anarchists soon took control of the local government. Makhno led strike actions against employers and workers took control of the town's industry. He also took property from landlords and gave it to poor peasants. By October 1917, Makhno had disarmed Huliaipole's law enforcement and established an armed peasant militia. When civil war broke out, Makhno's anarchist forces took the side of the Bolsheviks against the White Army.

In February 1918, the Central Powers invaded Ukraine. Makhno tried to resist but Huliaipole was occupied by the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Makhno retreated to Taganrog and made plans to take back Huliaipole. He then travelled along the Volga to Moscow, the capital of Soviet Russia. In Moscow, he reunited with Peter Arshinov and met the famous anarchist Peter Kropotkin. He also met the Bolshevik leader Vladimir Lenin. The Bolsheviks supplied him with a false passport so he could return to Ukraine.

Makhno crossed the Russia-Ukraine border in disguise. He discovered that his house was destroyed and his oldest brother was executed by the Austro-Hungarian Army. He returned to Huliaipole in secret and planned an insurgency against the military occupation.

Makhno's forces took over Huliaipole for a short time in September 1918. They then withdrew north to Dibrivka forest. They were surrounded by the Austro-Hungarian Army but beat them in a surprise attack. For their victory, Makhno's followers gave him the title of "Bat'ko" (Ukrainian for "father"). The Austro-Hungarians set fire to the nearby village. Makhno's forces took revenge against supporters of the occupation, such as local Mennonites.

Makhno's forces finally captured Huliaipole in November 1918. They were then reorganized into the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine, with Makhno as its Commander-in-Chief. At this time, the Central Powers withdrew from Ukraine. The Red Army invaded Ukraine from the north and the White Army attacked from the south.

In January 1919, Makhno's Insurgent Army decided to join the Red Army. Makhno became the commander of a Red brigade. He disliked his own commanders in the Red Army. His commanding officer banned him from holding regional congresses in Huliaipole. In May 1919, Nykyfor Hryhoriv rebelled against the Red Army. The Bolshevik politician Lev Kamenev demanded that Makhno condemn Hryhoriv. Makhno condemned Hryhoriv's antisemitism but also blamed the Bolsheviks for causing the rebellion. Makhno's relationship with his Red Army commanders got worse.

By June, the Bolsheviks had declared Makhno to be an outlaw and demanded his arrest. Leon Trotsky also criticised Makhno for being an anarchist. At this time, White Cossacks captured Huliaipole and Makhno retreated. He then resigned from the Red Army. The Cheka tried to arrest him but were unsuccessful. Makhno's small group retreated west and linked up with Hryhoriv's forces in July 1919. But their agreement fell apart because of Hryhoriv's antisemitism. Hryhoriv was killed by Makhno's adjutant.

In September 1919, the Red Army withdrew from Ukraine. Makhno's forces then fought against the White Army by themselves. The Whites forced the Insurgent Army to retreat further. Makhno agreed a truce with the nationalist leader Symon Petliura. Makhno's forces then regrouped and beat the White Army in battle. The Insurgent Army then captured most of the south of Ukraine. This broke the supply line of the White Army, which stopped attacking Moscow. The Whites instead attacked Katerynoslav and the Insurgents retreated from the city. In Oleksandrivsk, Makhno and his forces caught epidemic typhus.

In January 1920, the Red Army arrived at Oleksandrivsk. They asked Makhno to go west to fight against Poland. He refused and the Bolsheviks declared him to be an outlaw. The Red Army and the Insurgent army started to fight against each other. Makhno's typhus got worse and he fell into a coma. While he was unconscious, local peasants hid him from the Cheka. When he recovered, he started to fight guerrilla warfare against the Cheka and the Red Army. But by August 1920, they agreed to stop fighting and formed an alliance against the White Army. Makhno didn't trust the Bolsheviks but hoped they would honor the agreement. In October 1920, the Insurgent Army captured Huliaipole from the Whites. Some of his forces went to Crimea to finish off the White Army. Makhno stayed behind.

While the Insurgent Army attacked the White Army, the Bolsheviks planned to betray the insurgents. After the White Army was beaten in Crimea, the Bolsheviks turned against Makhno. They claimed that Makhno had refused orders. On 26 November 1920, the Red Army surprise attacked Huliaipole. Makhno's forces fled the town. Makhno reunited with the insurgent forces from Crimea. They retook Huliaipole, one week later. In December 1920, the Insurgent Army took more towns from the Red Army. But Makhno's forces were surrounded. They separated into small groups and started to fight guerrilla warfare against the Red Army. Makhno went north. He was wounded in battle.

By August 1921, many of Makhno's friends were dead and he was badly wounded. He decided to withdraw from Ukraine and seek medical treatment. Makhno's unit fled to Romania. After a short stay in a concentration camp, he recovered from his wounds in Bucharest. The Bolsheviks demanded the extradition of Makhno but the Romanian government refused. Makhno tried to form an alliance with Ukrainian nationalists in Romania, but was not successful.

He moved to Poland in April 1922. There he was held in another concentration camp. He and his wife Halyna Kuzmenko were then put in prison, under suspicion of planning an anti-Polish insurgency. Kuzmenko gave birth to their daughter in prison. Their trial resulted in their acquittal. In July 1924, they moved to Danzig. Makhno was again put in prison but escaped to Berlin, in Germany.

In April 1925, he moved to Paris, the capital of France. He was reunited with his family and they found a new home. Makhno's health problems kept him out of work and forced his family to move to a different house. During this time, Makhno co-wrote the "Platform", which called for the anarchist movement to be more organized. The "Platform" was criticized by other anarchists, who called it "authoritarian". He was also concerned with the assassination of Symon Petliura by Sholem Schwarzbard. Makhno himself was later accused of antisemitism, which he denied. Makhno's health got worse. He also became isolated from other Ukrainian emigrants. He and Kuzmenko frequently separated. He often argued with the editors of his memoirs. By the 1930s, Peter Arshinov had defected to the Soviet Union. Makhno's tuberculosis was made worse by malnutrition. He spent the final months of his life in hospital and died on 25 July 1934. His body was cremated and the ashes kept in Père Lachaise Cemetery.

Makhno's widow and daughter were deported to Nazi Germany during World War II. They were then arrested by the Soviet Union and exiled to Kazakhstan, where they spent the rest of their lives. After the independence of Ukraine, Makhno became a local hero in Huliaipole.


Lezgins

Lezgins or Leks (. lezgijar) are aCaucasian ethnic group native predominantly to southern Dagestan and northeastern Azerbaijan, and speak the Lezgin language. Their social structure is firmly based on equality and deference to individuality.

Yan Hui

Yan Hui (521–481 BC) was a Chinese philosopher and the favorite disciple of Confucius. He is highly respected in Confucianism, venerated in Confucian temples as one of the Four Sages. Yan Hui is also known as Ziyuan and Yan Yuan, using his courtesy name and a combination of his surname and courtesy name. He is often referred to reverently as Master Yan or Yanzi.

Yan Hui, born in the state of Lu, was the son of Confucius' early disciple Yan Wuyou. Despite being about 30 years younger than Confucius, Yan Hui became a student of Confucius at a young age.

Confucius favored Yan Hui, once saying, "After I got Yan Hui, the disciples came closer to me." On a hill with Zilu and Zigong, Confucius asked them about their goals. Zilu showed bravery, Zigong demonstrated eloquence, and Yan Hui expressed a desire to find an intelligent king. Yan Hui wished to spread teachings on virtue, guide people with propriety and music, and promote peaceful living without the need for walls or weapons. Confucius praised Yan Hui's virtuous vision.

Yan Hui, like Confucius, was highly respected by the first emperor of the Han dynasty. He holds the title "Fusheng" (Continuator of the Sage), given in 1530. Yan Hui is honored as the first of the Four Assessors in the Temple of Confucius.

In Qufu's walled city, Yan Hui is revered at the Temple of Yan Hui, located north of the Temple of Confucius. His tomb, situated in the Yan Family Cemetery ("Yan Forest"), is surrounded by many family tombs. A stele, originally from the Jurchen Jin dynasty, was reinstated during the Ming Dynasty, and Yan Hui's tomb remains well preserved.

Peter Pan (2003 movie)

Peter Pan is 2003 Adventure movie Starring Jeremy Sumpter, Jason Isaacs and Rachel Hurd-Wood.


Rocky Top, Tennessee

Rocky Top, previously called Coal Creek and Lake City, is a city in Anderson and Campbell counties in the eastern part of Tennessee, United States. It is northwest of Knoxville. The population was 1,628 at the 2020 census. Most of the community is in Anderson County and is included in the Knoxville Metropolitan Statistical Area. On June 26, 2014, the city changed its name from Lake City to Rocky Top, after the court told the people who owned the copyright to the song that they could not stop the change.

Bernd and Hilla Becher

Bernhard "Bernd" Becher (20 August 1931 – 22 June 2007), and Hilla Becher (2 September 1934 – 10 October 2015), were a couple of German photographers, working as a duo.

The Bechers are known for their photographic series, or typologies, showing industrial buildings and structures, often presented in grids. They started the so-called Düsseldorf School of Photography, and have influenced generations of photographers from all over the world. They were given the Erasmus Prize and the Hasselblad Award.

Little Women (2019 movie)

Little Women is a 2019 American drama movie of the March Sisters Josephine, Margaret, Florence and Elizabeth.

Postmedia Network

Postmedia Network is a Canadian media conglomerate that owns many newspapers. It is the largest media group in Canada. It owns the "Vancouver Sun", the "National Post," the "Financial Post, and more." The company is headquartered in Toronto.

The conglomerate was formed by "National Post" CEO Paul Godfrey in 2010.




Postmedia owns newspapers that serve smaller communities across Canada, including:





In addition, Postmedia Network owns all websites associated with all properties listed on this page either wholly or in partnership.


Other media groups in Canada include:



Metro (newspaper)

Metro is the most popular newspaper in the United Kingdom. It is published in tabloid format by DMG Media. The newspaper was launched in 1995.

Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane

Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane is an American comic book series which retells the story of Spider-Man with Mary-Jane Watson as the protagonist. It started in 2004 and ended in 2009. It was written by Sean McKeever and drawn by Takeshi Miyazawa and David Hahn.

In the first comic book Mary Jane:Circle of Friends, Mary-Jane Watson is worried about not having a boy to date at the School Dance. So her friend Liz convinces her to date Harry Osborn. Then Mary-Jane goes home on a train which is attacked by a supervillain named Electro but Spider-Man comes and saves her. Then Mary-Jane falls in love with Spider-Man. Mary-Jane gets a job as a dress salesman. Mary-Jane finds out from Liz that Flash Thompson likes her and wishes he were dating her. Liz later thinks Mary-Jane is cheating on Harry with Flash. 

Dr. Norman Osborn tells Harry to stop dating Mary-Jane because he thinks she’s why Harry’s doing badly in school so Harry decides to cheat at math. When Mary-Jane stops him, he breaks up with her. Flash Thompson kisses Mary-Jane at a school dance and Liz is angry about this. 

A nerdy boy named Peter Parker starts to tutor Mary-Jane in Algebra. Mary-Jane loves Spider-Man but both Peter and Liz tell her not to try to date Spider-Man. Mary-Jane finds Spider-Man after he fights a supervillain called The Vulture and asks him to start dating her but he says no. Flash Thompson gets jealous of Peter Parker because of how much time Peter spends with Mary-Jane so he gives Peter a wedgie. Mary-Jane tells Flash that he can’t be her friend anymore after that. Mary-Jane gets a part in the school play of Twelfth Night that her friend Lindsay wanted. So Lindsay starts dating Harry Osborn to make her jealous. But then Spider-Man comes to Mary-Jane and asks her for a date and she says yes. But because of his Secret identity, Mary-Jane realizes that Spider-Man can’t be her boyfriend. She also realizes that she’s actually in love with Peter Parker. But when she next sees Peter, he’s dating another girl named Gwen Stacy. Mary-Jane and Flash Thompson become friends again. Gwen breaks up with Peter because she thinks he’s in love with Mary-Jane. But Mary-Jane wants to date Harry Osborn even though he’s dating a girl named Felicia Hardy. Spider-Man meets and starts dating a female superhero named Firestar but later breaks up with her. Harry breaks up with Felicia since he wants to date Mary-Jane but Mary-Jane still doesn’t date Harry. Harry is angry about this. Peter and Mary-Jane start dating each other. 

Mary-Jane gets to play a character in a play that her friend Zoe wanted to play. Then someone uses the school’s computers to start a mean rumour about her. Mary-Jane assumes that Harry Osborn did it but he says he had nothing to do with it. Then Mary-Jane finds out that it was actually Zoe. Mary-Jane forgives Zoe. 

European Union law

European Union law is a system of rules working within the member states of the European Union (EU). The EU has political systems, social and economic policies are aimed to help nation states for the purpose of cooperation and human development. According to its Court of Justice the EU represents "a new legal order of international law".<ref name="Case 26/62">"Van Gend en Loos v Nederlandse Administratie der Belastingen" (1963) Case 26/62</ref>

Hanno Pevkur

Hanno Pevkur (born 2 April 1977) is an Estonian politician. He is the Minister of Defence since 2022. He is the former chairman of the Estonian Reform Party.

He was the Minister of Social Affairs from 2009 to 2012. He also was the Minister of Justice from 2012 to 2014 and the Minister of the Interior from 2014 to 2016.

Thareli dialect

Thareli also called Tharechi is a dialect of Sindhi language, spoken in north eastern thar desert of Sindh, called Nara desert (Achhro thar). But it is mainly spoken in western part of Jaisalmer district of Rajasthan, India by Sindhi muslims.

Taavi Veskimägi

Taavi Veskimägi (born 20 November 1974) is a former Estonian banker and politician. He was the minister of Finance from 2003 to 2005 and one of the two former co-Chairmen of the Union of Pro Patria and Res Publica (2006–2007).

Until 2014, he was in a relationship with Prime Minister Kaja Kallas. They have one son together.

Women (Amanda Lear song)

"Women" is a 1985 song by French singer Amanda Lear and was released as a stand-alone single. It did not chart at all and the sing is all about feminist themes.


Philautus macroscelis

The mossy bush frog ("Philautus macroscelis") is a frog. It lives in Brunei, Malaysia, and Borneo. Scientists think it might also live in Indonesia. People have seen it between 750 and 1800 meters above sea level.

2019 Estonian parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Estonia on 3 March 2019. The newly elected 101 members of the 14th Riigikogu assembled at Toompea Castle in Tallinn within ten days of the election. 

The Reform Party remained the largest party, winning four seats for a total of 34 and the Conservative People's Party had the largest gain overall, increasing their seat count by 12 to a total of 19 seats.

2023 Estonian parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Estonia on 5 March 2023 to elect all 101 members of the Riigikogu. The Reform Party won 37 seats in total, while the Conservative People's Party of Estonia (EKRE) placed second with 17 seats. The Centre Party won 16 seats, a loss of 10, while Estonia 200 won 14 seats.

After the previous parliamentary election in 2019, the Centre Party, led by Jüri Ratas, formed a government with Ratas serving as prime minister. His government ended in January 2021 after a corruption investigation, and Kaja Kallas of the Reform Party formed a coalition government with the Centre Party, which ended in June 2022. Kallas then formed a government with Isamaa and the Social Democratic Party and stayed as prime minister. 

2011 Estonian parliamentary election

A parliamentary election was held in Estonia on 6 March 2011, with e-voting between 24 February and 2 March 2011. The newly elected 101 members of the 12th Riigikogu assembled at Toompea Castle in Tallinn within ten days of the election. The incumbent government of the Reform Party and IRL stayed in office until 2014 when Prime Minister Andrus Ansip resigned. He was replaced by Taavi Rõivas.

The election was marked by the highest number of running independents (32) since 1992. Several independent candidates were members of the Estonian Patriotic Movement.

Euronest Parliamentary Assembly

The EuroNest Parliamentary Assembly is the inter-parliamentary forum in which members of the European Parliament and the national parliaments of Ukraine, Moldova, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia participate and create closer political and economic ties with the European Union. It was created in 2011 by the European Commission.

Digital Single Market

On 6 May 2015, the European Commission, led at the time by Jean-Claude Juncker, created the Digital Single Market strategy. The strategy was intended to remove virtual borders to increase connection on the internet and make it easier for consumers to have access of online content across the European Union.

Report

A report is a document or a statement that shows information in an organized manner for a specific group of people and purpose. Although summaries of reports can be given in a speech, complete reports are usually given in written document form. Usually information found in reports are found through investigations.

Global energy crisis (2021-present)

The 2021–2023 global energy crisis began in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, with much of the world facing shortages and increased prices in oil, gas and electricity markets. 

The crisis was caused by many factors, including the fast post-pandemic economic recovery and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The price of natural gas reached record highs, and so did electricity in some markets. 

Oil prices hit their highest level since 2008.

Jacek Granat

Jacek Granat, born on February 22, 1966, in Warszawa, Poland, is a retired Polish football referee. He began his career in refereeing in Poland before eventually being recognized as a FIFA referee in 1994, a title he held until his retirement in 2008.
Granat's refereeing career spanned over a decade and included officiating in several major European and international football tournaments. His tenure as a FIFA referee included participation in numerous UEFA Cup and Champions League matches, as well as in World Cup qualifiers and European Championship qualifiers.


Granat's career as an international referee concluded in 2008, after which he retired from active officiating in football matches.


FGM-148 Javelin

The FGM-148 Javelin, or Advanced Anti-Tank Weapon System-Medium (AAWS-M), is an American-made anti-tank system. It has a fire-and-forget design and automatic infrared guidance. This allows the user to seek cover right after launch. The Javelin's high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) warhead can defeat modern tanks, hitting them from above, where their armor is thinnest.

Social Democratic Party (Estonia)

The Social Democratic Party (, SDE) is a centre-left political party in Estonia. It is currently led by Lauri Läänemets.

Estonia 200

Estonia 200 (, E200) is a liberal political party in Estonia. Since April 2023, the party has been a junior partner in the third Kaja Kallas government. The party is a member of the Renew Europe group.

Just Like Fire Would

"Just Like Fire Would" is a 1986 song by Australian band The Saints. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album "All Fools Day" and went to number 29 in Australia. It was covered by Bruce Springsteen for his 18th studio album "High Hopes" and was released as the second single from the album.

Japadog

Japadog is an international street food chain. The chain is known for its hot dogs that use Japanese-style foods, which make it unique.

Noriki Tamura and his wife founded the first Japadog stand in 2005. A second stand opened in 2009. In 2010, they expanded beyond stands and opened a restaurant, allowing them to serve extra items like desserts and french fries.

Pilgrim (Eric Clapton song)

"Pilgrim" is a 1998 song by Eric Clapton and is the title track to his 13th studio album "Pilgrim". It was used in the 1998 movie "Lethal Weapon 4" and went to number 17 in Italy.

Panavision 3D

Panavision 3D is a 3-D camera system developed by Panavision.

Maria Hill

Commander Maria Hill is a fictional character that appears in the universe of Marvel Comics, and is a supporting character in most of the "Iron Man" comics. Hill is an agent (and later director) of S.H.I.E.L.D. She is also an ally of Nick Fury and the Avengers, mainly it's prominent members, Iron Man and Captain America.

She was created by Brian Michael Bendis and David Finch, and first appeared in "New Avengers #4".

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Maria is played by Cobie Smulders, who also played Robin Scherbatsky in "How I Met Your Mother".

Darcy Lewis

Doctor Darcy Lewis is a major Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) character in "Thor" (2011) and a supporting character in both the 2013 and 2022 sequels "" and "". She returns in the Disney+ television series "WandaVision", as a major character, where she assists .

She was Jane Foster's intern who worked with Dr. Erik Selvig on spatial anomalies, and encountered the Norse god Thor. After helping Thor and Foster stop Malekith and the Dark Elves, Darcy managed to get her doctorate and survive the decimation in 2018. After the Avengers undid the snap, Darcy was recruited by S.W.O.R.D. to investigate the Westview anomaly created by Wanda Maximoff.

Since her cinematic debut in the MCU, she has been portrayed by actress Kat Dennings.

Heimdall (character)

Heimdall is a character in the Thor comics published by Marvel Comics. He is the all-seeing and all-hearing and is the sole protector of the Bifröst, the Rainbow Bridge that is connected to the Nine Realms. Heimdall is one of Thor's closest friends and is Lady Sif's brother.

Idris Elba portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Thor" (2011), "" (2013), "" (2015), "" (2017), "" (2018), and "" (2022).

Konrad Kwiecień

Konrad Kwiecień (born 2 March 1964) is a Polish archer. Kwiecień competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Anna Łęcka

Anna Łęcka (born 7 January 1980) is a Polish archer. Łęcka competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Natalia Leśniak

Natalia Leśniak (born 10 July 1991) is a Polish archer. Leśniak competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Tomasz Leżański

Tomasz Leżański (born 14 May 1947) is a Polish archer. Leżański competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Pilgrim (Eric Clapton album)

Pilgrim is the 13th studio album by Eric Clapton. It was released on 10 March through Reprise Records and went to the top 10 in twenty-two countries including topping the album charts in Norway and Japan, making its most successful album for Clapton. It won a Grammy Award in 1999.

Chanda Bell

Chanda Bell is an American author, producer, and entrepreneur, living in Atlanta, Georgia.

In 2004, she collaborated with her mother, Carol Aebersold, on a book about their family custom of having a Scout Elf who hears children's hopes and dreams during the day and tells Santa about their exploits at night.

She is author of "The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition," "Extraordinary Noorah: Santa’s Magical Arctic Fox".The Elf on the Shelf’s Night Before Christmas and Elf Pets: A Reindeer Tradition.

In addition to co-authoring "The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition" with her mother, Chanda Bell is co-CEO of CCA and B, LLC dba The Lumistella Company as of 2005.

In 2017, Bell co-founded Scout Elf Productions(TM).

Stories and Alibis

Stories and Alibis is the debut studio album by Matchbook Romance. The album was released on September 23, 2003.


FloopaLoo, Where Are You?

Two cousins, Matt and Lisa, are staying at summer camp in the woods where a creature named FloopaLoo lives. There, they discover a strange world where fish can play music and memory trees grow.


Social anthropology

Social anthropology studies patterns of behaviour in human societies and cultures. 

It is the main part of anthropology in the United Kingdom and much of Europe. There it is contrasted with cultural anthropology. 

In the United States, social anthropology is part of cultural anthropology or sociocultural anthropology.

Chữ Hán

Chữ Hán, meaning 'Han characters' in Vietnamese, refers to Chinese characters used in Vietnam. They were employed for writing Literary Chinese (Hán văn) and Sino-Vietnamese words in the Vietnamese language. Vietnam started using Chữ Hán during the Han dynasty's rule over the Red River Delta region, persisting until the early 20th century (111 BC – 1919 AD). However, as Literary Chinese lost its prominence with the end of Confucian court examinations, Chữ Hán gradually faded from use.

In Vietnamese, Chinese characters are commonly called chữ Hán, but there are other terms like chữ Nho ("Confucian characters") or Hán tự (漢字). Classical Chinese is referred to as Hán văn, while Văn ngôn is used for Literary Chinese.

Nowadays, Chinese characters are mostly found in temples and old buildings in Vietnam. Chữ Hán is no longer widely used and is associated with cultural traditions. During Vietnamese festivals, calligraphers, known as ông đồ, write couplets in Chinese characters to convey wishes for prosperity and longevity. This cultural practice is reflected in the poem "Ông đồ" by Vũ Đình Liên, which laments the declining appreciation for Vietnamese calligraphy during Tết.

Jeremy Fragrance

Jeremy Fragrance used the stage name Jeremy Williams from 2008 to 2010 and was a member of the unsuccessful casting band Part Six.
After that, he briefly joined the music project "Golden Circle" and released a solo music piece called "All of Me" in 2011.

Madurese people

Madurese (; ), also known as Madurans, are an ethnic group native to the Indonesian island of Madura in the Java Sea. They speak the Madurese language and share a common history, traditions, and cultural identity. The Madurese are the fourth-largest ethnic group in Indonesia, and known for their contribution to the national dish Saté.

Approximately six million native Madurese reside on Madura Island, with half a million living in eastern Java. Some Madurese form a subgroup called Pandalungan Madurese, speaking a mix of Javanese and Madurese languages.

Official data on the Madurese population in Indonesia vary. The 2010 census states they make up 3.03% of the country's population, around 7.2 million people. Some sources suggest larger figures of 10.5 to 10.8 million. Regardless, Madurese people are among Indonesia's largest ethnic groups, ranking fourth after the Javanese, Sundanese, and Batak. Historically, Madurese inhabit Madura Island, smaller islands in the Java Sea, and parts of Java and Kalimantan islands. Significant Madurese communities exist in Jakarta, Bali, Bangka Belitung Islands, and even in neighboring countries like Singapore.

The Madurese people speak the Madurese language, a Madura-Kangeanic language in the Austronesian family. The language varies across Madura Island, with Sumenep Madurese considered the standard. Madurese is recognized by the East Java provincial government and is used as a co-official language in certain regions, mainly in Madura.

The majority of Madurese people practice Islam, mainly following the Sunni sect system of Nahdlatul Ulama. Muslim theologians play a important role in their spiritual and social life. Many Madurese individuals receive education in traditional local Muslim schools called Pondhuk Pâsantrèn, which also contribute significantly to their spiritual and social development.

Kristine Froseth

Kristine Froseth (born September 21, 1995) is an American-Norwegian actress. She is known for playing Kelly Aldrich in the Netflix series "The Society" and Alaska Young in the Hulu series "Looking for Alaska".


Crossroads League

The Crossroads League is a American college athletic conference. It is affiliated with the NAIA. 

The Schools In The Conference Are:


Gandhara

Gandhara was an ancient civilization in northwest Pakistan. The main part of Gandhara was in Peshawar and Swat valleys. But the cultural impact of "Greater Gandhara" went beyond the Indus river to Taxila in Potohar Plateau and to the west in the Jalalabad valley in Afghanistan and Central Asia.
Gandhara had a significant impact on the development of Tibetan and Han Buddhism, playing a important role in spreading Buddhism to China, Korea, and Japan.

In the Iron Age, Gandhara became a major power around 550 BCE under King Pushkarasarin. It was later conquered by Cyrus I and Alexander the Great. Gandhara went through different rulers, including the Maurya Empire and the Indo-Greek Kingdom. It thrived as a center for Greco-Buddhism which later formed Gandharan Buddhism, influencing regions like Central Asia and East Asia.

Panorama Point

Panorama Point is the highest natural point in Nebraska. It is at an elevation of above sea level.
It is located in southwestern Kimball County, near the point where Nebraska and Wyoming meet on Colorado's northern border. Despite its name and elevation, Panorama Point is not a mountain or a hill. It is a low rise on the High Plains. A stone marker, saying that the elevation is , and a guest register are located at the top of the drive. From the point people can see the nearby state corner marker, and a big plains landscape with the Rocky Mountains in the western distance. Panorama Point is located on the High Point Bison Ranch, which lets visitors drive to the point as long as they avoid the bison and pay a fee.

RMS Olympic

RMS "Olympic was a British ocean liner, sister to the famous ships "Titanic" and "Britannic". "Olympic" had a career spanning 24 years from 1911 to 1935. In September 1911, "Olympic" collided with the HMS "Hawke". This included service as a troop carrier during World War I, which gained her the nickname ""Old Reliable"." In September 1915, during World War I, "Olympic" was painted in a dazzle camouflage, naming itself as the HMT "Olympic. On 12 May 1918, she spotted a U-boat ahead, which is named "U-103". 

"Olympic"’s port propeller sliced through "U-103"’s pressure hull. "Olympic" did not stop to pick up the survivors, but continues on to Cherbourg. She returned to passenger service as RMS "Olympic" after the war, and served successfully as an ocean liner throughout the 1920s and early 1930s. In May 1934, "Olympic" struck another ship, called Nantucket Lightship "LV-117". 

Her scrapping began in 1935 in Jarrow. Between 1935 and 1937, "Olympic"’s superstructure was demolished, and then, on 19 September 1937, her hull was towed to Thos. W. Ward’s yard at Inverkeithing for final demolition which was completed by late 1937. "Olympic" was scrapped from 1935 to 1937 due to the Great Depression.

By the time of her retirement, "Olympic" had completed 257 round trips across the Atlantic, transporting 430,000 passengers on her commercial voyages, travelling 1.8 million miles.

High Tor State Park

High Tor State Park is a state park in Rockland County, New York, United States. The park is located on the South Mountain.

High Tor State Park is used during the summer months. It has picnic tables, a pool, hiking trails, and a spot to buy food.

In 1937, playwright Maxwell Anderson wrote "High Tor" about a man who saves his crag from a crushing company. The play laster inspired the 1956 movie, "High Tor."

78 acres of the original land was owned by Everett Crosby, a wine-maker. Crosby used this land to operate High Tor Vineyards, a prominent East Coast winery. The vineyard was later purchased by The Scenic Hudson Land Trust. The land was then added to the state park.


High Tor Vineyards

High Tor Vineyards was a prominent winery located in Clarkstown, New York. The vineyard, which opened in 1950, played a significant role in the history of winemaking in the Hudson Valley region.

High Tor Vineyards was established by Everett Crosby in 1950. Crosby was influenced by the work of winemaker Philip Wagner. High Tor Vineyards was the first winery to grow French-hybrid grapes in the Northeast.

For over 40 years and across 4 different owners, High Tor Vineyards established itself as one of the prominent East Coast wineries. Suburban economic pressures of increasing taxes and increasing land values made High Tor vulnerable to development. A controversial development proposal was combined with the controlled burning of a historic home on the property without any permits. The technical problems, combined with the burning of the historic home, resulted in strong local opposition. The local opposition led to the ultimate acquisition of the entire 54-acre property by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission for incorporation into the neighboring 500-acre High Tor State Park.

After Crosby sold the vineyard, he documented his trials and tribulations of being a vineyard owner in his book, "The Vintage Years: The Saga of High Tor Vineyards". Members of the public can still visit the site of the one-time winery and vineyard using a side trail in High Tor State Park off the Long Path, which is maintained by the NY-NJ Trail Conference.

Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad

Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad () is a Salafist jihadist war group. It was created in Jordan in 1999 and was led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for its lifetime.

Rebecca (The Bible)

Rebecca was a woman in the Book of Genesis. She was the daughter of Bethuel and the sister of Laban. Rebecca married Isaac. She and Isaac prayed to God to have a child. Then Rebecca became pregnant. She wanted to know why it was painful and God told her that she would give birth to twins who would become two nations that would fight each other. She gave birth to Esau and Jacob. She convinced Jacob to trick Isaac into blessing him instead of Esau so Esau decided to kill Jacob. So Rebecca told Jacob to run away to Laban and she told Isaac she was sending him away so he wouldn't marry a Canaanite woman.

Lists of tropical cyclone names

Tropical cyclones and subtropical cyclones are named by various warning centers to help communication between forecasters and the public about forecasts, watches, and warnings. The names are intended to reduce confusion if there are storms in the same basin at the same time. Generally once storms produce sustained wind speeds of more than , names are given in order from the lists depending on which basin they start. Standards vary from basin to basin. Some tropical depressions are named in the Western Pacific, while tropical cyclones must have a significant amount of gale-force winds around the centre before they are named in the Southern Hemisphere.

Before this naming started tropical cyclones were named after places, objects, or saints' feast days on which they happened. The first use of personal names for weather systems was by the Queensland Government Meteorologist Clement Wragge, who named systems between 1887 and 1907. This system of naming weather systems stopped for several years after Wragge retired. It was revived in the latter part of World War II for the Western Pacific. Formal naming schemes and naming lists have been introduced and developed for the Eastern, Central, Western and Southern Pacific basins, as well as the Australian region, Atlantic Ocean and Indian Ocean.

Within the North Atlantic Ocean, tropical or subtropical cyclones are named by the National Hurricane Center when they are judged to have become a tropical storm with winds of at least 65 km/h, (40 mph). Six lists of names are used in alphabetical order, and maintained by the World Meteorological Organization with them rotating on a yearly basis. Significant tropical cyclones have their names removed from the lists with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting. If all of the names on a list are used, storms are named after the letters of the Greek alphabet (Alpha, Beta, Gamma, etc.). Greek names, unlike the names in the regular lists, cannot be removed. If a storm ever reached the magnitude that might otherwise have led to retirement, the storm would be listed with the retired names with a footnote indicating the Greek letter would still be available for future storms.
The names used recently in (2020) will be reused again in 2026. (if none of them are retired)

Within the Eastern Pacific Ocean two offices of the United States National Weather Service assign names to tropical cyclones when they are judged to have intensified into a tropical storm with winds of at least 65 km/h, (40 mph). Tropical cyclones that become tropical storms between the coast of Americas and 140°W are named by the National Hurricane Center, whilst tropical cyclones intensifying into tropical storms between 140°W and 180° are named by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between the coastline of the Americas and 140°E then it will be named by the National Hurricane Center. Six lists of names are maintained by the World Meteorological Organization with them rotating on a yearly basis. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between 140°W and 180° it is named by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center. Four lists of names are maintained by the World Meteorological Organization, rotating without regard to year, with the first name for a new year being the next name in sequence that was not used the previous year. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists, with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting. 

Within the Northwestern Pacific Ocean there are two separate agencies who assign names to tropical cyclones which often results in a cyclone having two names. The Japan national weather service names tropical cyclones should they be judged to have 10-minute sustained wind speeds of 65 km/h, (40 mph), to the north of the equator between the 180° and 100°E. The Philippine national weather service also assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°E-25°E even if the cyclone has had a name assigned to it by the Japanese national weather service.

Tropical cyclones are named from the following lists by the Japanese national weather service, once they become a tropical storm. Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee. Each of the 14 nations or territories submitted 10 names, which are used in alphabetical order, by the English name of the country.

The Philippine national weather service uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility. PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility, and any tropical cyclone that moves into their area of responsibility. Should the list of names for a given year prove to be insufficient, names are taken from a reserve list of names, with the first ten published every year.

Within this basin when a deep depression is judged to have become a Cyclonic Storm it will be named by the Indian national weather service. The list of names were selected between 2000 and 2004 by the countries of the WMO/ESCAP Panel on tropical cyclones, before the actual naming of tropical cyclones began in September 2004.
Within the South-west Indian Ocean, tropical and subtropical depressions that are judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h, (40 mph) or more for at least 6 hours by the national weather service of Reunion Island are usually assigned a name. However it is the Mauritius and Madagascan national weather services who name the systems. The National weather service of Mauritius name the storm should it intensify into a moderate tropical storm between 55°E and 90°E; if the storm should intensify into a moderate tropical storm between 30°E and 55°E then the national weather service of Madagascar assigns the appropriate name to the storm. Tropical cyclones moving into this region from the Australian Region are renamed by the Sub-Regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Center in Mauritius; however tropical cyclones moving into the Australian region do not get renamed. New name lists are used every year, whilst a name is normally only used once so thus no names are retired.

Within the Australian Region there are five different offices that assign names to tropical cyclones. However, as three of the offices are run by the Australian national weather service, only 3 lists of names are operated. A tropical depression is judged to have intensified into a tropical cyclone if winds reach 65 km/h, (40 mph) and it is clear that gales are occurring more than halfway around the center. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association V Tropical Cyclone Committee meeting.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 10°S and between 90°E and 125°E then it will be named by the Indonesian national weather service. Should a tropical low intensify into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 10°S and between 141°E and 160°E are assigned names by the Tropical Cyclone Warning Center in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. Tropical Depressions intensifying into tropical cyclones in all other areas between 90°E and 160°E as well as the Equator and 40°S are named by the Australian national weather service. Should a tropical cyclone pass from one warning center to another it will retain its original name, except when moving into the South-West Indian Ocean where the Mauritius Meteorological Service will rename the system.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 10°S and between 90°E - 125°E, it will be named by the Indonesian Weather Service. Names are currently assigned in sequence from list A, while list B is a list of names that will replace names on list A that are retired.

When a tropical low intensifies into a tropical cyclone between 10°S and 40°S and between 90°E - 160°E, then it will be named by one of three Australian national weather service offices in Perth, Darwin, or Brisbane. Starting with Anika, the names are assigned in alphabetical order with the lists used in rotating order without regard to year.

When a tropical low intensifies into a tropical cyclone between the equator and 10°S and between 141°E - 160°E then it will be named by the Papua New Guinea's national weather service. Names from List A are assigned in a random order while list B details replacement names for list A which will be added in the bottom of list A to maintain the alphabetical order.

Within the Southern Pacific a tropical depression is judged to have reach tropical cyclone intensity should it reach winds of 65 km/h (40 mph), and it is evident that gales are occurring at least halfway around the center. Tropical depressions that should intensify into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 25°S and between 160°E - 120°W are named by the Fiji national weather service. Should a Tropical Depression intensify to the south of 25°S between 160°E and 120°W, it will be named in by the Fijian national weather service and the New Zealand's national weather service. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association V Tropical Cyclone Committee meeting, whilst tropical cyclones that move into the Australian region will retain its original name.

Tropical cyclone formation is rare within the Mediterranean sea, South Atlantic and to the east of 120W in the Southern Pacific, as a result there are no official naming lists for these areas although in 2004 & 2010 when tropical cyclones formed within the South Atlantic they were named as Catarina and Anita.



La France insoumise

La France Insoumise (pronounced [la fʁɑ̃s ɛ̃sumiz]; variously translated as "Unbowed France", "Unsubmissive France", or "Rebellious France") is a democratic socialist, left-wing populist political party in France , launched on 10 February 2016 by Jean-Luc Mélenchon, then a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) and former co-president of the Left Party (PG). It aims to implement the ecosocialist programme L'Avenir en commun (English: "A Shared Future"). The party nominated Mélenchon as its candidate for the presidential election of 2017. He came fourth in the first round, receiving 19.5% of the vote and failing to qualify for the second round by around 2%. After the legislative election of 2017, La France Insoumise formed a parliamentary group of 17 members of the National Assembly, with Mélenchon as the group's president. In the 2019 European Parliament election, it however only won six seats, below its expectations. The party uses the lower case Greek letter phi as its logotype.

The content is sourced from: <nowiki>https://handwiki.org/wiki/Social:La_France_Insoumise</nowiki>
Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra

Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra is an Swedish symphony orchestra based in Gothenburg.

William II, Prince of Orange

William II (27 May 1626 – 6 November 1650) was sovereign Prince of Orange and Stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Guelders, Overijssel and Groningen in the United Provinces of the Netherlands from 14 March 1647 until his death three years later. His only child, William III, reigned as King of England, Ireland, and Scotland.

Counts, dukes and grand dukes of Oldenburg

This is a list of the counts, dukes, grand dukes, and prime ministers of Oldenburg.


 | Frederick Augustus I

1774–6 July 1785 | | 20 September 1711

Gottorp, Schleswig

son of Christian August of Holstein-Gottorp and Albertina Frederica | Ulrike Friederike Wilhelmine of Hesse-Kassel

Kassel

21 November 1752 

three children | 6 July 1785

Oldenburg

aged 73 |- | William, Duke of Oldenburg

1785–1810 | 

Eutin

son of Frederick August I and Ulrike | Never married | 2 July 1823

Schloss Plön

1813–2 July 1823 | | 3 January 1754

Eutin

son of Frederick Augustus I and Ulrike | Never married | 2 July 1823

Schloss Plön

aged 69 |-


Karina Lipiarska

Karina Lipiarska-Pałka (born 16 February 1987) is a Polish recurve archer. Lipiarska competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Maria Mączyńska

Maria Mączyńska (born 22 May 1932) is a retired Polish archer. Mączyńska competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Ibn Abbas

Ibn Abbas was the cousin of the Prophet Muhammad. He was considered the best of all Tafsir writers. He was the son of Muhammad's uncle and the nephew of one of Muhammad's wives. Ibn supported Ali and was made the governor of Basra in modern-day Iraq because of his support. 

Iwona Marcinkiewicz

Iwona Marcinkiewicz (born 23 May 1975) is an archer from Poland. Marcinkiewicz competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and 2008 Summer Olympics.

Bartosz Mikos

Bartosz Mikos (born 8 March 1980) is a Polish archer. Mikos competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Philautus everetti

The Everett's flying frog ("Philautus everetti") is a frog. It lives in Borneo and the Phillippines. People have seen it on Palawan Island. People usually see it between 750 and 1800 meters above sea level. Sometimes people see it as low as 300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 30-32 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 45-49 mm. This frog can be green or brown in color. There is a mark between the eyes.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Scientists say this is because humans change the places where the frog lives. For example, humans cut down forests where the frog lives to get wood to build with. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Philautus acutus

The sharp bubble-nest frog ("Philautus acutus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it 300 meters above sea level in Gunung Mulu National Park.

Bhuvaneshvari

Bhuvaneshvari (Sanskrit: भुवनेश्वरी, IAST: "Bhuvaneśvarī") is a Hindu goddess. She is the fourth amongst the ten Mahavidya goddesses in Shaktism, and one of the highest aspects of Mahadevi. She is identified as Adi Parashakti in the "Devi Bhagavata Purana".

Pinkvilla

Pinkvilla is an entertainment platform based in India. As of June 2022, the company has more than 50,000,000 visitors on its website and app. It is the most popular entertainment portal in India.
Pinkvilla was started in May 2007 by Nandini Shenoy.

What It Feels Like for a Girl

"What It Feels Like for a Girl" is a 2001 song by Madonna and is the third and final single from her eighth studio album "Music". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 23 in the United States, number 1 in Spain, number 15 in New Zealand, number 18 in Ireland, number 3 in Iceland, Romania, Portugal and Argentina, number 2 in Italy and Canada and number 4 in Greece and Croatia.






Gandhara art

Gandhara art or Gandharan art, also known as Greco-Buddhist art, is a blend of Ancient Greek and Buddhist influences that developed mainly in the northwestern regions of Pakistan in the ancient region of Gandhara. It had influences throughout Central, East and Southeast Asia. The first sculpture of Gautama Buddha in human form was created in this region. The Seated Buddha from Gandhara is the oldest surviving statue of Buddha in the world.

The Gandharan art began with interactions sparked by Alexander the Great's presence and flourished under the Kushan Empire during the 1st-3rd centuries CE. The Gandhara art reached its peak from the 3rd-5th century CE.

Gandhara art features Buddhist themes with a touch of Greco-Roman elements, showcasing a style influenced by Hellenistic art. Notably, it produced the earliest surviving images of Buddha in human form, marking the end of early aniconism (representing Buddha only with symbols) in Buddhism. The realistic portrayal of the human form in large sculptures had a significant impact, spreading Buddhist influence to neighbouring India, Sri Lanka and Afghanistan and as far east as China, Japan, Vietnam and Korea.

Abbas ibn Ali

Al-Abbas ibn Ali was a warrior and frontline fighter in the Battle of Karbala. He is the brother of Husayn ibn Ali and the son of Ali, he died trying to fetch water for his nephew from the Euphrates river and had lost both his arms while still being on his horse, he eventually fell when a battle axe hit him from behind, causing a fatal injury. His last moments we're with his brother Husayn and he was then martyred.

Torben Ulrich

Torben Ulrich (4 October 1928 – December 2023) born in Frederiksberg, was a Danish former tennis player, in addition to a musician, filmmaker, and writer. He played left-handed. His highest singles ranking was 96th. He died at the age of 95 in December 2023.

Japan News Network

The Japan News Network is a Japanese commercial television network run by TBS Television, owned by TBS Holdings (which is a part of the major conglomerate Mitsui Group).

Oddiyana

Oddiyana, also Uddiyana, was a historical region located in early medieval Pakistan (now the Swat river valley region). It is considered important in the development and spread of Vajrayana Buddhism. In Tibetan Buddhist traditions, it is viewed as a Beyul, a legendary heavenly place.

Padmasambhava, an eighth-century Buddhist master and founder of the Nyingma school, is believed to be born in Oddiyana. He had a crucial role in introducing Buddhism to Tibet. Siddha Garab Dorje, the founder of Dzogchen school, is also associated with this region. Oddiyana. Oddiyana was also known as “the paradise of the Ḍākinīs" in some traditions.

Most scholars identify Oddiyana as the Swat Valley in present-day Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Alexis Sanderson, after reviewing different views, suggests that it might have been near Kashmir, with the modern Swat Valley as a likely central point. Udyāna, meaning "garden" or "orchard" in Sanskrit, is mentioned as north of Peshawar along the Swat River, extending to the northern part of ancient Tianzhu (Indus region). 

According to the 8th-century Korean monk Hye Cho, Udyana was a mountainous Buddhist region, and after visiting Gandhara, he traveled north, arriving in Udyana, then continued northeast to Chitral. Faxian noted similarities in food and clothing between Udyana and the Indo-Gangetic Plain.

In Tibetan Buddhist traditions, Oddiyana is considered a vital source of tantric teachings, with a rich history of flourishing Buddhist tantra. Many Tibetan Buddhist lineages, including Dzogchen founded by the siddha Garab Dorje, trace their roots to this region. It's believed that the first Vajrayana teachings were given by Gautama Buddha in Oddiyana, and important tantric texts like Mahayoga and Anuyoga were revealed there. 
In Tibetan Buddhist literature, Oddiyana is described as having multiple kings named Indrabhuti. Additionally, it is sometimes equated with Shambhala, a mystical land inhabited by Ḍākinīs, beyond reach for ordinary mortals. In the 'Seven Line Prayer' of Padmasambhava, Oḍḍiyāna is referred to as ཨོ་རྒྱན (o rgyan) in Tibetan.

Chopper 6 Crash

Chopper 6 Crash was the crash of WPVI-TV's news helicopter. The news helicopter crashed in Wharton State Forest in Washington Township, Burlington County, New Jersey U.S. on December 19, 2023 at 8:00 PM EST.

The victims of the Chopper 6 Crash were 67 year old pilot Monroe Smith and 45 year old photographer Christopher Dougherty.

 the investigation of the Chopper 6 Crash is done.

Fatemiyoun

Fatemiyoun is a Afghani Shiite jihadist group in Syria to fight against rebels in the country and support the leader Bashar al-Assad. The group pledges allegiance to Iran (specifically the IRGC) and members of the group are given Iranian passports. The group also uses child soldiers for fighting against rebels.

Samer Abu Daqqa

Samer Abu Daqqa (; – 15 December 2023) was a Belgian-Palestinian video journalist working for Al Jazeera. He was one of the founders of the channel’s office in the Gaza Strip where he worked as a photographer and technician for Al-Jazeera for almost twenty years. He also holds Belgian citizenship.

He was killed during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war after the Israeli army bombed an Al Jazeera crew in Khan Yunis on 15 December 2023, while he was covering a Haifa School airstrike.

Wael Dahdouh

Wael Al-Dahdouh (; born 30 April, 1970) also known as Abu Hamza is a Palestinian journalist and the bureau chief of Al Jazeera in Gaza City.

Wael started working for the press in 1998. He started his career as a correspondent for the Palestinian newspaper Al-Quds, and worked for other media outlets including Al-Arabiya in 2003 before joining Al Jazeera (Arabic) in 2004. Wael was famous for his continuous coverage of what was happening in the Gaza Strip during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war, as he was the main correspondent for the Qatari channel in the Strip and was constantly present there. On October 25, 2023, the family of the Palestinian journalist was subjected to an Israeli air strike that targeted the house in which they were displaced in the Nuseirat camp, which caused the death of his wife, son, daughter and even his grandson. On 15 December 2023, while Al-Dahdouh and his colleague cameraman Samer Abu Daqqa were covering the Haifa School airstrike in Khan Yunis, they were hit by an Israeli missile, injuring Dahdouh and killing his colleague Abu Daqqa. His son Hamza al-Dahdouh who was also a journalist was killed by an Israeli airstrike in Khan Yunis on 7 January 2024.

Shwedagon Pagoda

The Shwedagon Pagoda, also known as Shwedagon Zedi Daw (Burmese: ရွှေတိဂုံစေတီတော်), is a Buddhist stupa and pagoda in Yangon, Myanmar. It is considered the most sacred Buddhist site in the country. It's believed to hold relics of past Buddhas, including strands of hair from Gautama Buddha. The stupa is built on Singuttara Hill and stands 112 meters tall, towering over Yangon. The pagoda is important as it also contains relics like a staff and robe fragments of Kakusandha and Kassapa Buddhas.

The Shwedagon pagoda is prominent in the Yangon city skyline, zoning rules in Yangon limit nearby building heights to 127 metres.The Pagoda is also one of Yangon city's landmarks and heritage sites.

Local legends say the Shwedagon Pagoda was built over 2,500 years ago, while Buddha was alive, making it the world's oldest Buddhist stupa. Merchants Tapussa and Bhallika, the first lay disciples, received eight strands of Buddha's hair and instructions to build a stupa. King Okkalapa enshrined the hair and relics of three Buddhas in this stupa on Singuttara Hill.

The first mention of the pagoda is only in 1362/63 CE in the royal chronicles , when it raised to 18 m by King Binnya U. Inscriptions from King Dhammazedi's reign (1471–1492) list repairs dating back to 1436. Queen Shin Saw Pu raised its height to 40 m, making it Myanmar's top pilgrimage site by the early 16th century.

Earthquakes, especially in 1768, damaged the pagoda. King Hsinbyushin restored it to 99 m in 1775. King Mindon donated a new hti (the crown umbrella) in 1871. A 1970 earthquake caused misalignment, requiring extensive repairs.

The Shwedagon Pagoda Festival, which is Myanmar's largest festival, starts during the new moon of Tabaung and lasts until the full moon.

The stupa has a base made of gold-covered bricks. Only monks and males can access the terraces above it. Then comes the bell-shaped part, followed by the turban, the inverted almsbowl, and the lotus petals. It also hs an umbrella crown. The crown is adorned with 5,500 small diamonds, 2,300 rubies and 4,000 Gold bells. At the very top, on the bud, there's a 72-carat diamond. People across the country and successive monarchs, starting from Queen Shin Saw Pu, have donated gold to maintain the pagoda.

There are four entrances leading up to the platform on Singuttara Hill. Giant leogryphs guard each entrance. Circling Buddhist stupas is a common practice in a clockwise direction. Starting at the eastern shrine, which houses a statue of Kakusandha Buddha, one can then visit the southern shrine with a statue of Koṇāgamana Buddha, the western shrine with a statue of Kassapa Buddha, and finally, the northern shrine with a statue of Gautama Buddha. Over time many smaller stupas have been built around the Shwedagon Pagoda.

2023 Prague shooting

On 21 December 2023, 17 people were killed in a mass shooting at the Faculty of Arts, Charles University (including the shooter) on Jan Palach Square in central Prague, Czech Republic. At least 25 more were injured, nine of them seriously. The university building was evacuated. Police arrived at the scene, where they closed off the square and its surroundings. There was a shootout between the gunman and the police, after which he shot himself dead. At the time of the shooting, the student, who had a bachelor's degree from the same university, was studying for a master's degree there.


Wayne Clement

Wayne Clement is a professional footballer who played as a striker for the Falkland Islands national football team and forward for Stanley F.C., He is currently Falkland Islands's all-time highest goalscorer.

The Capilano Courier

The Capilano Courier is the indendent student newspaper at Capilano University.

First published in 1968, the "Courier" is run by students and alumni. They report on news, sports, campus life, arts and other national and international topics in their opinion and feature articles.


The Ubyssey

The Ubyssey is the student newspaper of the University of British Columbia. The newspaper started on October 18, 1918. 

"The Ubyssey" is mostly online, but print issues appear once every two weeks from September to April.

"The Ubyssey" is the most read student-run paper in Canada. Notable writers throughout its history include Pierre Berton, John Turner, Allan Fotheringham, and Justin McElroy. 


Nancy Isime

Nancy Isime (born 1991) is a Nigerian actress who presents on Television including Hip TV and "The Nancy Isime Show." She is also a model.

Isime became popular in 2011. She lost her mother and was raised in Lagos by her father.
She studied in University of Lagos.
In 2009, She won Miss Valentine International Pageantry.

Funke Akindele

Funke Akindele is a Nigerian actress and Film producer. She was popularly known for "Jenifa's Diary" in 2015.

She started alongside Folarin Falana, Juliana Olayode, Lota Chukwu, Paschaline Alex Okoli, Aderounmu Adejumoke, Michael Uba, Tobi Makinde in Jenifa's Diary.


Conservative Christianity

Christian Conservatives are religious Christians who support Conservatism because of their religion. They are usually Socially Conservative.

El Gordo

El Gordo (lit. "The Fat One") (ACT-CL J0102-4915 or SPT-CL J0102-4915) is the largest distant galaxy cluster seen as of 2011. 

It has (2014) the record for being the largest distant galaxy cluster we have discovered. Its mass is slightly less than three quadrillion solar masses Later its mass was reduced to about 2.1 quadrillion solar masses with a 10% uncertainty. 

It was found by NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, the Atacama Cosmology Telescope (funded by the National Science Foundation) and the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope.

Pete Edochie

Pete Edochie is a Nigerian actor and Igbo culture practitioner. Pete is the father of Yul Edochie.

Pete is a Native of Nteje but was born in Zaria, Kaduna State.
He was abducted by Kidnappers who remained unknown and was later released in 2009.

Saara Aalto

Saara Sofia Aalto (born 2 May 1987) is a Finnish singer. She was the runner-up of both "The Voice of Finland" in 2011 and "The X Factor UK" in 2016"." She also represented Finland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "Monsters" and finished in 25th place.

She is a celebrity judge on the Finnish "X Factor" and was a contestant on "Dancing on Ice" in 2019.

Cease Fire (2006 movie)

Cease Fire (Persian:آتش‌بس, "Atashbas") is a 2006 Iranian romantic comedy movie directed by Tahmineh Milani and starring Atila Pesyani, Mohammad Reza Golzar, Mahnaz Afshar, Ahmad Mehranfar, Kaykavous Yakide.

If I'm Lucky (song)

"If I'm Lucky" is a 2017 song by American singer Jason Derulo and is a non-album single. It went to number 15 in Romania, number 18 in Lebanon, number 23 in Belgium, number 25 in Scotland, number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 29 in Spain and number 31 in Germany.

Maricá

Maricá is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 164,504 people lived here. Its area is 362.6 km².

The Maricá Airport is in the city.

Maricá has 50 "bairros" (neighborhoods) and 4 "distritos" (districts).

Bylot Island

Bylot Island is an island in Nunavut, Canada. It has an area of . It is located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and is north of Baffin Island. No one lives there.

The Miracle of Love

"The Miracle of Love" is a 1986 song by Eurythmics and was taken from their fifth studio album "Revenge". It went to number 23 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Sweden and Belgium, number 10 in Ireland, number 16 in France, number 2 in Spain, number 30 in New Zealand and number 14 in Australia.



<nowiki>*</nowiki>later released on the 2005 remaster of "Touch"

Philautus hosii

The Borneo bubble-nest frog ("Philautus hosii") is a frog. It lives in Borneo and Indonesia. People have seen it as high as 350 meters above sea level.

856 Damghan earthquake

The 856 Damghan earthquake or the 856 Qumis earthquake happened on 22 December 856 (242 AH). The earthquake had an estimated magnitude of 7.9. The meizoseismal area (area of maximum damage) was about long. It was along the southern edge of the eastern Alborz mountains of present-day Iran. The earthquake's epicenter is estimated to be close to the city of Damghan. Damgham was the capital of the Persian province of Qumis at the time. The earthquake caused approximately 200,000 deaths and is listed by the USGS as the sixth deadliest earthquake in recorded history. Some people do not think that this death toll is correct.

Justyna Mospinek

Justyna Mospinek (born 8 November 1983) is an archer from Poland. Mospinek competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Sławomir Napłoszek

Sławomir Napłoszek (born 29 July 1968) is a Polish archer. Napłoszek competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Joanna Nowicka

Joanna Nowicka (born 25 July 1966) is a Polish archer. Nowicka competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Iwona Okrzesik

Iwona Okrzesik (born 22 June 1972) is a Polish archer. Okrzesik competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Arkham Knight

The Arkham Knight is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a mysterious master strategist and commander of a personal army that surfaced in Gotham City. He wears a militaristic version of the Batsuit and is revealed as Jason Todd, who was broken by the Joker and psychologically manipulated into hating Batman. Jason was declared dead and became the Arkham Knight, assembling high-tech weapons and an army of mercenaries to get revenge on his former partner. He later abandoned the Arkham Knight identity and adopted the vigilante persona known as the Red Hood. "Arkham Knight" was created by Rocksteady Studios and Geoff Johns for the video game "", first appearing in "Batman: Arkham Knight" #1. (2015)

In the regular DC Universe the persona was adapted as Astrid Arkham, daughter of Arkham Asylum doctor Jeremiah Arkham. Astrid was born during a riot at the asylum, in the course of which her mother was killed. Her father home schooled her at Arkham Asylum and she grew up making friends with incarcerated Batman Villains like the Joker. She developed a grudge against Batman and soon began seeing him as an evil entity that hurt her only friends. When she became convinced that Batman was responsible for the death of her mother, Astrid started training herself into a skilled fighter in order to become the Arkham Knight and founded a cult of Arkham inmates called the Knights of the Sun. "Astrid Arkham" was created by Peter Tomasi and Doug Mahnke, first appearing in "Detective Comics" #1000. (2019)

2017–18 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2017–18 FC Red Bull Salzburg season was the 85th season in club history. The team was able to defend the chmpionship. They lost the Cup final versus SK Sturm Graz.

List of Spanish-speaking countries by continents

A Spanish-speaking country is a country where Spanish is one of the official languages. The United States has at least four states which use Spanish. Most states list English as the sole official language.

Spanish is the main language of the Philippines, Micronesia.





Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States with Commonwealth status.
Countries with a minority of less than 15% are not traditionally Spanish-speaking. 



Bette Kane

Mary Elizabeth "Bette" Kane is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is a non-powered super-hero vigilante and a member of the Batman Family. The original Bat-Girl, she served as sidekick to Batwoman and frequently wooed her counterpart Robin. Post-Crisis, she would adopt the alias Flamebird as a response to her counterpart's development as Nightwing. Post-Flashpoint, Bette would retire from the Flamebird alias and become Hawkfire, although she would later revert to Flamebird. She has been a member of the Teen Titans, Titans West, Young Justice and Titans Los Angeles.

"Bette Kane" was created by Bill Finger and Sheldon Moldoff, first appearing in "Batman" #139. (1961)

Cassandra Cain

Cassandra Cain (also known as Cassandra Wayne) is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman. She is one of the world's greatest martial artists, and a vigilante acting as a member of the Batman Family. She is the daughter of assassins David Cain and Lady Shiva and was bred to become the perfect killer and taught fighting as her first language, without ever learning to talk. She later rebelled against her father and became Batgirl during No Man's Land following Barbara Gordon and Helena Bertinelli. She later adopted the alias Black Bat, as a member of Batman Incorporated, and Orphan, a name previously used by her father, before returning to Batgirl during Joker War. She has been a member of Justice League Elite, the League of Assassins, the Outsiders, Deathstroke's Titans East, Young Justice, the Gotham Knights and Birds of Prey.

"Cassandra Cain" was created by Kelley Puckett and Damion Scott, first appearing in "Batman" #567 (1999).

Belal Jadallah

Belal Jadallah (Arabic: بلال جادالله; May 1, 1978 – November 19, 2023) was a Palestinian journalist born in Gaza City. He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and General Director of the Press House Foundation in Gaza.

In 2014, Jadallah founded Press House-Palestine, a Gazan non-profit organization focused on freedom of the press and journalism education. Jadallah and his organization were influential to many Gazan journalists, and Jadallah was described as the "godfather of Palestinian journalists".
He was killed on November 19, 2023, by an air strike carried out by the Israeli Air Force on his car while he was on his way to the south of Gaza City, during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. According to his family, Jadallah's brother-in-law, Abdulkareem Abed, was also seriously injured in the attack.

Dąbrowa Tarnowska

Dąbrowa Tarnowska is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in Poland. It is about north of Tarnów. It is the capital of Dąbrowa County. In 2021, 11,828 people lived there.

Dąbrowa Tarnowska was first mentioned as a parish village in 1326. It has had town rights since 1693.

Zgierz

Zgierz is a town in Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. In 2021, 54,974 people lived there. Its area is 42.33 km². It is on the river Bzura.

Zgierz is one of the oldest cities in central Poland. It was first mentioned in 1231. It bought its town rights before 1288.


Sin Egen Motståndare

Sin Egen Motståndare (also known as Sin egen motståndare, translated as One's own enemy) is the first full length album by Swedish punk band Totalitär released by Finn Records in 1994 on CD. Most songs were recorded in 1994 in Studio D-Takt, but the 17th and 18th track were recorded in 1987 in Forsa Studio. It was the first full length album the band ever recorded. It has had many reissues under American record label Prank.

The album was written as a response to the rampant numbers of white power and Neo-Nazi bands in Sweden. So the band made the album to make it clear they were against that scene.

Frosta, Norway

Frosta is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. In 2022, 2,608 people lived there.


Flatanger

Flatanger is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. In 2022, 1,101 people lived there.


Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts

Holtålen

Holtålen is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. In 2022, 1,953 people lived there.


Novomykhailivka

Novomykhailivka can be some places in Ukraine:










Soisy-sur-École

Soisy-sur-École is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Soisy-sur-Seine

Soisy-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Souzy-la-Briche

Souzy-la-Briche is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Tigery

Tigery is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Torfou, Essonne

Torfou is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Valpuiseaux

Valpuiseaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Val-Saint-Germain

Le Val-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Varennes-Jarcy

Varennes-Jarcy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vaugrigneuse

Vaugrigneuse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vauhallan

Vauhallan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vayres-sur-Essonne

Vayres-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Verrières-le-Buisson

Verrières-le-Buisson is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vert-le-Grand

Vert-le-Grand is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vert-le-Grand is twinned with:

Vert-le-Petit

Vert-le-Petit is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Videlles

Videlles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villabé

Villabé is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villeconin

Villeconin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villejust

Villejust is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villemoisson-sur-Orge

Villemoisson-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villiers-le-Bâcle

Villiers-le-Bâcle is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villiers-sur-Orge

Villiers-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Wissous

Wissous is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Wingham, Kent

Wingham is a village and civil parish in Dover District, Kent, England. In 2011, there were 1,775 people living in Wingham. It has a church called St Mary's.

Wingham is twinned with:

Aguts

Aguts is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Albine

Albine is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Algans

Algans is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saclay

Saclay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ashok Leyland

Ashok Leyland is an Indian automobile manufacturing company specializing in commercial vehicles. It was founded in 1948 as Ashok Motors which became Ashok Leyland in the year 1955 after collaboration with British Leyland. The company was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Chennai, India. It is a part of the Hinduja Group conglomerate. Initially, Ashok Leyland was started as Ashok Motors, a small manufacturer of Austin cars under license. Over the years, the company has grown and diversified its portfolio. Currently, Ashok Leyland is the second-largest manufacturer of commercial vehicles in India and the fourth-largest bus manufacturer globally. The company offers a wide range of products and services, including buses, trucks, defense vehicles, power solutions, and spare parts. The company has established subsidiaries and joint ventures in various countries, including the UK, UAE, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and Kenya.

Current range

JanBus is the world's first single step front engine bus introduced by Ashok Leyland.


Ashok Leyland MiTR (or MiTR) is a Minibus manufactured by Ashok Leyland in Joint venture with Nissan. The vehicle was unveiled in January 2014 during the 12th Auto Expo 2014 and was launched in July 2014.


In 1968, production of the Leyland Titan ceased in Britain but was restarted by Ashok Leyland in India. The Titan PD3 chassis was modified, and a five-speed heavy duty constant-mesh gearbox was used together with the Ashok Leyland version of the O.680 engine. The Ashok Leyland Titan continued in production for many years.

Former range


Early products included the Leyland Comet bus which was a passenger body built on a truck chassis sold in large numbers to many operators in India. By 1963, the Comet was operated by every state transport undertaking in India, and over 8,000 were in service. It was soon joined in production by a version of the Leyland Tiger.


Current range

Boss is an intermediate commercial vehicle launched by Ashok Leyland. It is available in the range of 11T to 18.5T. The presently available models are:

Former range

Current range


The Dost is a 1.25 ton light commercial vehicle (LCV) that is the first product to be launched by the Indian-Japanese commercial vehicle joint venture Ashok Leyland Nissan Vehicles. Dost is powered by a 58 hp high-torque, 3-cylinder, turbo-charged common rail diesel engine and has a payload capacity of 1.25 tonnes. It is available in both BS3 and BS4 versions. The bodywork and some of the underpinnings relate to Nissan's C22 Vanette of the 1980s; this is most visible in the door design. The LCV is produced in Ashok Leyland's Hosur plant in Tamil Nadu. The LCV is available in three versions. With the launch of Dost Ashok Leyland has now entered the Light Commercial Vehicle segment in India


Former range

Stile
STiLE is a multi-purpose vehicle which was manufactured by Ashok Leyland. The vehicle was unveiled during the 2012 Auto Expo and was launched in July 2013. STiLE was marketed as a "multi-purpose vehicle" for use as a hotel shuttle, taxi, ambulance, and panel van, and in courier service. In May 2015, Ashok Leyland stopped production due to low demand.

Diesel Generators

Ashok Leyland offers Diesel Generators manufactured with Ashok Leyland engines and Leypower alternators. Currently they manufacture 5 to 2250 kVA Silent DG Sets.
Manchu alphabet

The Manchu alphabet is used to write the endangered Manchu language. The Xibe people also use a similar script, called Xibe script, which is considered either a dialect of Manchu or a closely related language. This alphabet is written vertically from top to bottom, with columns going from left to right.

In the 1800s, there were three ways to write Manchu: standard writing, semi-cursive writing , and cursive writing. The semi-cursive writing had letters closer together, while cursive writing had rounded tails.

The Manchu alphabet was also used to write Chinese. For example, a book called "Manchu: a Textbook for Reading Documents" shows how Chinese sounds are written in Manchu letters. This helps the Xibe language borrow some words. Some books have Chinese words written with Manchu letters. The Manchu versions of the Thousand Character Classic and Dream of the Red Chamber are just Manchu writings of all the Chinese letters.

In a book made by the Qianlong Emperor, the Manchu alphabet is used for Evenki (Solon) words. In another book, also made by the Qianlong Emperor, the Manchu alphabet is used to write down Tibetan and Chagatai (related to Uyghur) words.

Limão

Limão is one of 96 districts in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.

Alif Dhaal Atoll

Alifu Dhaalu Atoll (also known as Southern Ari Atoll or Ari Atholhu Dhekunuburi) is an administrative division of the Maldives.

Astrid Johanna Grents

Astrid Johanna Grents (born 14 May 1998) is an Estonian Muay Thai martial artist.

She competed at the 2022 IFMA World Muaythai Championships finishing third, and 2023 European Games winning a gold medal in the Women's 60 kg class.

Augustus, Grand Duke of Oldenburg

Augustus I or Paul Frederick Augustus () (13 July 178327 February 1853) was the reigning Grand Duke of Oldenburg from 1829 to 1853.
Grand Duke of Baden

Baden was an Imperial Estate of the Holy Roman Empire and later one of the German states along the frontier with France, primarily consisting of territory along the right bank of the Rhine, opposite Alsace and the Palatinate.

Camille Droguet

Camille Droguet (born 15 June 1999.) is a French 3x3 basketball player.

She competed at the 2022 Mediterranean Games, wining a silver medal. She competed at the 2022 FIBA 3x3 Nations League, and 2022 FIBA 3x3 U23 World Cup. 

She plays for Lyon ASVEL, and Tarbes.

Roger Ducos

Pierre Roger Ducos (25 July 174716 March 1816), better known as Roger Ducos, was a French political figure during the Revolution and First Empire, a member of the National Convention, and of the Directory.

Rulers of Hesse

This is a list of monarchs of Hesse () during the history of Hesse on west-central Germany. These monarchs belonged to a dynasty collectively known as the House of Hesse and the House of Brabant, originally the Reginar. Hesse was ruled as a landgraviate, electorate and later as a grand duchy until 1918.

The title of all of the following monarchs was "landgrave" () unless otherwise noted.

Friedrich Wilhelm I, the former Elector, titular Landgrave 1866–75 (1802–1875)



Floor area

Gross floor area (GFA) in real estate is the total floor area inside the building envelope, including the external walls, and excluding the roof.

Definitions of GFA, including which areas are to be counted towards it and which areas aren't, vary around the world. Adding to this confusion is the practice among some developers to use gross leasable area (GLA) and GFA interchangeably, or to use GFA as GLA, even though GLA usually excludes corridors and other public areas inside the development, while both figures include areas occupied by structure, like walls and columns.

List of governors-general of India

The history of the office of the Governor of Bengal dates back to 1644, when Gabriel Boughton procured privileges for the East India Company which permitted them to build a factory at Hughli, without fortifications. Various chief agents, governors and presidents were appointed to look after company affairs in the Bay of Bengal. In 1773, Warren Hastings was appointed as the first Governor General of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal following the enactment of the East India Company Act of 1772. 

The Regulating Act of 1773 replaced the office of the Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal with Governor-General of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal. The office of the Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal was restored in 1833.

Piotr Piątek

Piotr Piątek (born 17 February 1982) is an archer from Poland. Piątek competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Jan Popowicz

Jan Popowicz (born 5 January 1948) is a Polish archer. Popowicz competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Jacek Proć

Jacek Proć (born 9 September 1981) is an archer from Poland. Proć competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Małgorzata Sobieraj

Małgorzata Sobieraj (born 16 October 1982) is a Polish archer. Sobieraj competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Philautus umbra

The pinnacle bubble-nest frog ("Philautus umbra") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. Scientists think it might also live in Brunei. People have seen it between 900 and 1300 meters above sea level on Gunung Api.

This frog lives in forests that are not on mountains, in places where there is karst rock in the ground. The male frog sits about 2 m over the ground. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

Faora

Faora is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was a Kryptonian serial killer notorious for her hatred of men and an antagonist to Superman. She was captured and sentenced to life imprisonment, surviving the destruction of Krypton in the Phantom Zone. Her closest partners among the Phantom Zoners became General Zod and Jax-Ur. The name Faora was also used by an agent of the second General Zod in Pokolistan.

"Faora" was created by Cary Bates and Curt Swan, first appearing in "Action Comics" #471 (1977).

Faora appears in the television series "Smallville", portrayed by Erica Durance and Sharon Taylor. Faora appeared in the DC Extended Universe movies "Man of Steel" (2013) and "The Flash" (2023), portrayed by Antje Traue.

Ursa (DC Comics)

Ursa is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a Kryptonian super-villain who works with General Zod and Non. They were banished to the Phantom Zone for war crimes, allowing them to survive the destruction of Krypton. Eventually they escaped from their prison and tried to enslave humanity, making them enemies to Superman. Her child with Zod is Lor-Zod, raised by Superman as "Chris Kent" to become the hero Nightwing. She has been a member of the Kryptonian Military Guild and the Phantom Zoners.

Ursa was created by Richard Donner, first appearing in his movie "Superman" (1978), "Superman II" (1980), and in the director's cut "" (2006) portrayed by Sarah Douglas. Geoff Johns later adapted her into the DC Universe in "Action Comics" #845 (2007).

Atom (Al Pratt)

Al Pratt is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was the first superhero to call himself the Atom, later succeeded by Ray Palmer. Originally a Calvin College student taking the name because of his diminutive stature, he was an incredible physical combatant despite his appearance and later gained superhuman strength. His son Damage was conceived with his wife Mary Pratt, and his godson later became his successor as Atom Smasher. He was a founding member of the Justice Society of America and the All-Star Squadron. "Al Pratt" was created by Bill O'Connor and Ben Flinton, first appearing in "All-American Comics" #19. (1940)

Atom (Ray Palmer)

Ray Palmer is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the second super-hero to call himself the Atom, successor to Al Pratt. Originally a physics professor working at Ivy University, he develops equipment to shrink himself to subatomic levels using white dwarf star material. His wife is Jean Loring, and he is frequently partnered with his closest friend Hawkman. Palmer would have multiple successors some of whom he has worked alongside, including Adam Cray and Ryan Choi. He has been a member of the Justice League of America, Suicide Squad, Teen Titans and Indigo Tribe.

Ray Palmer was created by Gardner Fox and Gil Kane, first appearing in "Showcase" #34 (1961).

In the CW's "Arrowverse", the character of Ray Palmer is portrayed by Brandon Routh. The character is a part of the Legends of Tomorrow. Routh has also played Superman in "Superman Returns" and voiced David "Hesh" Walker in "".

Atom (Adam Cray)

Adam Cray is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the second Atom, replacing Ray Palmer who was engaged in an undercover mission against the Micro Squad. Cray impersonated Palmer and even took his civilian name, as Palmer had a public hero career. Cray was a member of the Suicide Squad, mainly as a secret weapon. He is the son of Senator Joseph Cray, a disgraced politician who was killed by Deadshot.

Adam Cray was created by John Ostrander and Luke McDonnell, first appearing in "Suicide Squad" #44 (1990).

Atom (Ryan Choi)

Ryan Choi is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the fourth super-hero to call himself the Atom, an Asian-American physics professor with the ability to shrink himself to subatomic levels. The protégé and later partner of his predecessor Ray Palmer, he was born in Hong Kong although later began teaching at Ivy University. He has been involved with the Justice League, Lighter Than Air Society and Challengers from Beyond.

Ryan Choi was created by Grant Morrison and Gail Simone using a costume designed by Gil Kane, first appearing in "Brave New World" #1 (2006).

Muslim Ghosi

The Ghosi are a Muslim community found mainly in North India. The meaning of Ghosi (Sanskrit "ghosa", root "ghush") is "to shout" as he herds his cattle. They are associated with the occupation cattle rearing and the selling of milk. According to ethnographies written by British civil servants such as H.A. Rose and Denzil Ibbetson, the Ghosi are Hindu Ahirs converted to Islam. Also Crook remarks that most of the Ghosi's are Ahirs who were converted to Islam and are said to rank below ordinary Ahirs. Edward Albert Gait stats that Ghosi and Gaddi are branches of Mohammadan Ahirs are chiefly occupied in pasturing cattle. A small number of Ghosi are also found in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

The Ghosis claim descent from the Ahir community, and indeed are known as Muslim Ahirs.

Happiness Is a Warm Gun

"Happiness Is a Warm Gun" is a 1968 song by The Beatles and is the eighth track from their ninth studio and double album "The Beatles". It was written and sung by John Lennon and is credited to Lennon-McCartney. It was banned by the BBC and was covered by U2, Phish, World Party, The Breeders and Tori Amos.

Lilly, Do You Want to Know a Secret?

"Lilly, Do You Want to Know a Secret?" is the first episode of "Hannah Montana". It is where Miley Stewart, played by Miley Cyrus, tells her best friend Lilly that she is Hannah Montana, a teen pop star

Inventing the Abbotts

Inventing the Abbotts is a 1997 American romantic drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the short story of the same name by Sue Miller. It stars Liv Tyler, Jennifer Connelly, Joaquin Phoenix, Billy Crudup, Will Patton, Kathy Baker, Joanna Going and Michael Keaton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pedra Bonita

Pedra Bonita is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Zona da Mata and to the microregion of Manhuaçu. As of 2020, the estimated population was 7,128.[1]

See See Rider

"See See Rider Blues" also known as "Easy Rider" is a 1924 blues song by Ma Rainey at Paramount Records studios. It was recorded as a traditional blues standard lyrics and was covered by Lead Belly, Chuck Willis, LaVern Baker, Elvis Presley, The Animals, Eric Burdon and Old Crow Medicine Show. It was received a Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 2004.

Leon Schlumpf

Leon Schlumpf (3 February 1925 – 7 July 2012) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Felsberg.

Schlumpf was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 5 December 1979. He retired on 31 December 1987. He was a member of the Swiss People's Party (SVP).

During his time in office he held the Federal Department of Transport, Communications and Energy and was President of the Confederation in 1984.

He is the father of Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf, who was also elected to the Federal Council on 12 December 2007. Her became the President of the Swiss Confederation in 2012.

Schlumpf died on 7 July 2012 in the cantonal hospital of Graubünden in Chur, aged 87.


Nicholas Lambesis

Nicholas Lambesis is an American businessman, known as the founder and chairman of The Lambesis Agency.

Nicholas received his Bachelor of Arts from University of Minnesota and Master's degree in Humanities and English Literature from Arizona State University in 1972.

Lambesis founded a branding agency named, The Lambesis Agency in 1987. He has served as the chairman of the company from 1987 till it's closure in 2019. Some of the notable clients of the company include Coca-Cola, Airwalk Footwear, Tacori, Bebe and Campari.

Since 2020, Lambesis has been serving as the managing partner at California-based marketing agency, Tipping Point Inc. The company name is based on Malcolm Gladwell's best-selling book, "The Tipping Point".

Fools of Fortune

Fools of Fortune is a 1990 Irish romantic drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the 1983 novel of the same name by William Trevor. It stars Iain Glen, Sean T. McClory, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Julie Christie, Amy Hastings and Michael Kitchen.

Circle of Friends (1995 movie)

Circle of Friends is a 1995 Irish British American drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Maeve Binchy. It stars Chris O'Donnell, Minnie Driver, Geraldine O'Rawe, Saffron Burrows, Colin Firth, Alan Cumming and was a box office success.


Almayrac

Almayrac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Alos, Tarn

Alos is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Amarens

Amarens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Ambialet

Ambialet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Ambres

Ambres is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Andillac

Andillac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Andouque

Andouque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Anglès, Tarn

Anglès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Appelle

Appelle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Arfons

Arfons is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Omar Abu Shawish

Omar Fares Abu Shawish (Arabic: عمر فارس ابو شاويش) (March 1987 – 7 October 2023) was a Palestinian poet, journalist and novelist. He also wrote a number of patriotic and humanitarian songs, which spread widely during the war on Gaza in 2008. He was killed in Nuseirat Camp by an Israeli airstrike in the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.
Omar was born in the Nuseirat camp on March 22, 1987. His family origins go back to the village of Barqa, which Israel occupied during the Barak operation in May 1948. He studied in the schools of the Nuseirat camp, and obtained a bachelor’s degree of Journalism from Al-Azhar University in Gaza Strip. His father, Faris Abu Shawish, is a well-known athlete who has held several positions in the Palestinian Football Association.
He was killed on October 7, 2023 during an air strike carried out by the Israeli Air Force on the Gaza Strip, during the Israeli response to Operation Al-Aqsa Flood. The Palestinian Ministry of Culture and the General Union of Palestinian Writers and Journalists mourned him by publishing letters bidding him farewell and offering sincere condolences to his family.

Storm Pia

Storm Pia was a powerful windstorm that affected Northwest Europe in December 2023. Storm Pia was named by the Danish Meteorological Institute. 

At Schiphol Airport more than 200 flights were cancelled due to the storm. 

Many ferries, trains and flights were cancelled, and many bridges were closed.
Roads had to be cleared from fallen trees and overturned lorries. And many households were left without power due to downed power lines. 

In the Netherlands multiple coastal places flooded due to high tides caused by a storm surge.

Parts of Germany also experienced flooding.

2024 Taiwan presidential election

The 16th President and Vice President election of the Republic of China () took place on Taiwan on 13 January 2024. Voters elected the President and Vice President.

There are three groups of nominees in this election. According to their registration numbers, they are Party Chairman Ko Wen-je(Chinese: 柯文哲) and non-district legislator(Chinese: 不分區立委) Cynthia Wu/Wu Hsin-ying(Chinese: 吳欣盈 ) (commonly known as "Ko-Wu Mates（柯吳配）" or "Ko-Ying Mates（柯盈配）") recommended by the Taiwan People's Party(TPP), and Vice President and Party Chairman William Lai/Lai Ching-te(Chinese: 賴清德 ) and former Representative to the United States Hsiao Bi-khim(Chinese: 蕭美琴) (commonly known as "Lai-Hsiao Mates（賴蕭配）" or "Bi-Te Mates('Viture Mates')（美德配）") recommended by the Democratic Progressive Party(DPP), as well as Mayor of New Taipei City Hou Yu-ih(Chinese: 侯友宜) and Broadcasting Corporation of China Chairman Jaw Shaw-kong(Chinese: 趙少康) (commonly known as "Hou-Jaw Mates（侯趙配）"or "Hou-Kong Mates（侯康配）" ) recommended by the Chinese Kuomintang(KMT).

William Lai finally won the presidential election as Vice President. This election set a lot of historical records. It was the first presidential election since 2000 in which no nominee received more than half of the votes. It was also the first time since direct elections that a nominne from the same political party was elected for the third time continuously, breaking the previous precedent of political parties rotating every eight years.

Terry Gou, founder and CEO of Foxconn, and artist Lai Pei-hsia officially launched a citizen petition on September 17, 2023, as independent nominees for president and vice president, and passed the signature threshold on November 14 to obtain the qualifications to register for the election. However, On the 24th of the same month, they jointly announced their withdrawal from the candidacy. They were the first group of co-signatories to pass the co-signatory threshold but not register to run since the Republic of China switched to direct citizen election for the president.

Musée d'histoire urbaine et sociale de Suresnes

The Musée d'histoire urbaine et sociale de Suresnes is a museum located in Suresnes. It is dedicated to the evolution of the city, specially on the social urban planning of the 1920s and 1930s.


Ramón Puello

Ramón Puello (born 25 August 1946) is a Dominican Republic boxer. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

José Saizozema

José Saizozema (born 30 November 1965) is a Dominican Republic boxer. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Zoltán Halász

Zoltán Halász (23 June 1960 – 9 August 2022) was a Hungarian cyclist. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Halász died on 9 August 2022 in Szekszárd, Hungary at the age of 62.

Szekszárd

Szekszárd (; or ) is a city in southern Hungary. It is the capital of Tolna County. Szekszárd is the smallest county capital in Hungary by population. It is also the second-smallest county capital in Hungary by area (after Tatabánya).


Sajóörös

Sajóörös is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.

Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble

The Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble is an orchestra in North Korea. It is famous for performing revolutionary and folk songs, and is one of the most famous groups in North Korea.

On June 4, 1985, the group was founded from the electronic music section of the Mansudae Art Troupe, becoming North Korea's first electronic pop group. Its name comes from the Battle of Pochonbo, when a guerrilla unit led by Kim Il-sung attacked compounds used by Japanese occupiers in Pochonbo on June 4, 1937.

The Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble can be heard on North Korean radio stations. 182 volumes were released, of which volumes 13-16 were released again in the 1990s.


Doctors (2000 TV series)

Doctors is a British medical soap opera, first broadcast on BBC One on 26 March 2000. Filmed in Birmingham and set in the fictional West Midlands town of Letherbridge, the soap follows the lives of the staff of both an NHS doctor's surgery and a university campus surgery, as well as the lives of their families and friends. 

In October 2023, the BBC announced that "Doctors" had been cancelled due to financing issues and that the final episode would air in December 2024.


Ylämaa

Ylämaa is a former municipality in South Karelia, Finland. It was merged with Lappeenranta on 1 January 2010.

As of 31 December 2009, 1,408 people lived there. It has an area of . Of that, is water.

There is a strong concentration of the spectrolite in Ylämaa, which is known for its gemstones and minerals.


Urjala

Urjala is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,581 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Akaa, Forssa, Humppila, Hämeenlinna, Punkalaidun, Sastamala, Tammela and Vesilahti.


Punkalaidun

Punkalaidun is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 2,646 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Huittinen, Humppila, Loimaa, Urjala and Sastamala.


Charmwood, Missouri

Charmwood is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Leslie, Missouri

Leslie is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Miramiguoa Park, Missouri

Miramiguoa Park is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Oak Grove Village, Missouri

Oak Grove Village is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Parkway, Missouri

Parkway is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Philautus leitensis

The Leyte bubble-nest frog ("Philautus leitensis") is a type of frog. It lives in the Philippines. It lives in Leyte, Behol, and a few other places. It lives in forests on mountains, not near the ocean.

This frog has a pointy nose. The breathing holes are near the end of the nose. They are not near the eyes. There is no webbed skin on the front feet. There is webbed skin on th eback feet. There is brown color on the lower sides of the legs.

Like other frogs in "Philautus", this frog hatches from eggs as small froglets. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Philautus petersi

Peters' bubble-nest frog or Peter's bush frog ("Philautus petersi") is a frog. It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, and maybe Brunei.

1. FC Heidenheim

1. FC Heidenheim 1846, commonly called FC Heidenheim or just Heidenheim, is a German professional football club based in Heidenheim an der Brenz, Baden-Württemberg. The club currently plays in the Bundesliga.

Anambra State Children's Parliament

Anambra State Children's Parliament is a Non-governmental organization in Anambra State, Nigeria. It was founded in 2005.

The parliament is made up of members from the 21 local government area of the state. They work under the ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Awka.
The organisation is known to pass a resolution to the governor for the children of Anambra State. In 2022, the parliament passed a resolution to Charles Chukwuma Soludo to implement "Child's Right Law" in the State.
In 2023, they also advocated for the girl child education in South East of Nigeria.
They also passed a resolution for a strong media campaign against child abuse, child marriage amongst children in Anambra State.

The organization is under the Anambra State Ministry of Women Affairs and Social development.
The 7th Assembly was under the administration of Willie Obiano and Mrs Ndidi Mezue, the Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women’s Affairs in 2018. The elected speaker was Faustina Mary Okoye.

The 8th Assembly was held under the administration of Charles Chukwuma Soludo and Ify Obinabo, the state Commissioner for women Affairs and Social Development. Israel Udekwe was elected into office in 2022 by Hon. Nonso Smart Okafor who is a member representing Nnewi North Constituency in Anambra State House of Assembly.


Legion of Doom

The Legion of Doom is a team of super-villains and enemies to the Super Friends. They plan evil schemes from their swampy base in the Hall of Doom. There have also been several versions of this team in the DC Comics universe. Brainwave created a Legion of Doom to fight Extreme Justice and Superboy-Prime assembled one to fight the Teen Titans.

The Legion of Doom was created by Jeffrey Scott, first appearing in "Challenge of the Super Friends" episode Wanted: The Super Friends. (1978)

Bryansk school shooting

On December 7, 2023, a mass shooting happened at the Bryansk school in Bryansk, Russia. One student was killed and five others were badly hurt before the shooter killed herself. The shooter was 14-year-old Alina Afanaskina.

Christ the King College, Onitsha

Christ the King College, Onitsha popularly known as Amaka Boys is a private mission/government owned secondary school in Onitsha.
It was founded in 2nd February, 1933 by Charles Heerey, the then late Archbishop of Onitsha.

Shortened as CKC, it is one of the oldest schools in Nigeria with surrounding Schools like Queen of the Rosary College, Onitsha, Mater Amabilis, Ado Girls, Regina Pacis Model School, Dennis Memorial Grammar School.
The school's proprietor is Valerian Okeke, Archbishop of Onitsha. The school is being managed by Rev. Fr. Celestine Arinze Okafor.


Secret Six (comics)

Secret Six is a name that has been used by several teams in the DC Comics universe. The original version was a group of adventurers blackmailed into working together by their mysterious leader Mockingbird. "Villains United" introduced a new version of this team entirely consisting of super-villains. This team was put together by Lex Luthor posing as Mockingbird to take down the Secret Society of Super-Villains, and they used the House of Secrets as their base. The original "Secret Six" was created by E. Nelson Bridwell and Frank Springer, first appearing in "Secret Six" #1. (1968) The villain team was created by Gail Simone, first appearing in "Villains United" #1. (2005) An earlier version predating the others appeared in "Doll Man" #36. (1951)

Norman Osborn

Norman Osborn, also known as the Green Goblin, Iron Patriot, Super-Adaptoid, Red Goblin, and currently Gold Goblin, is one of the main antagonists of Marvel Comics, commonly as the main antagonist of the "Spider-Man" franchise and as a major antagonist in the "Avengers" comics.

He is the former head of the multinational corporation Oscorp and father of Harry Osborn, who became the first and most well known incarnation of the Green Goblin after ingesting a serum that increased his physical abilities yet in the process drove him to insanity.

He is widely recognized as Spider-Man's greatest, most persistent and most personal arch-nemesis, even more so than Doctor Octopus and Venom, having been responsible for more hardship and grief in the hero's life than any of his other villains (most notably the murder of Gwen Stacy; the first woman he ever truly loved). He is the main antagonist of several story arcs such as "The Night Gwen Stacy Died", "Go Down Swinging", "Superior-Spider-Man" and the "Clone Saga".

Despite his status as Spider-Man's arch-nemesis, Norman has also made various appearances antagonizing other heroes such as the Avengers as well, even serving as the villainous protagonist of the company-wide "Dark Reign" storyline. He is also set to play a major role in the upcoming "Dark Web" event.

The character has been in various top villain lists as one of Spider-Man's greatest enemies and one of the greatest comic book villains of all time. The character's popularity has seen him appear on a variety of merchandise, inspire real-world structures (such as theme park attractions) and be referenced in a number of media. He has been adapted to serve as Spider-Man's adversary in live-action, animated, and video game incarnations. Willem Dafoe played the character in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" movie trilogy and reprised the role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2021), while Chris Cooper played the character in the movie "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014).

Black Widow (Claire Voyant)

Claire Voyant is the first Black Widow in the Marvel Comics universe. She was one of the superheroes who fought in World War II. Created by writer George Kapitan and artist Harry Sahle, the character first appeared in "Mystic Comics" #4 (August 1940), published by Marvel predecessor Timely Comics.

Claire was a spirit medium who communicated with the dead. She was possessed by Satan while having a seance with the Wagler family. During the seance a curse was place on the family then died in a car crash. One of the survivors James Wagler went to Claire's apartment and shot her in her apartment.

Her soul went to hell Satan gives Claire mystical powers and sends back to earth to avenge her death. After killing James Wagler Claire became tasked to kill evil men and send their souls to hell.

LGBT rights in Russia

In the Russian Federation, same-gender sexual activities are legal. Pro-LGBT advocacy are classified for being extremist. Also, most of Russia's population are not tolerant of homosexuality. Promoting homosexuality in the country is also illegal and is punishable by prison with torture up to the death penalty.

Russia does not provide any anti-discrimination for those of whom are LGBT. In fact Russia has long had views of homosexuality which are very negative and condemning. On November 30, 2023 the Russian government banned the LGBT community from protesting and spreading activism of the LGBT movement within the country.

Cletus Kasady

Cletus Cortland Kasady, better known as Carnage, is one of the main antagonists in the Marvel Comics universe, serving as a major antagonist in the "Spider-Man" comic series and the secondary antagonist of the "Venom" comic book series as a whole. He is also the titular protagonist of his own series. Created by writer David Michelinie and artist Erik Larsen, the character first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #344 (March 1991).

He is a deranged serial killer who bonded with a symbiote, turning him into a vicious supervillain. He is the spawn and one of the arch-enemies of Venom, as well as a major enemy of Spider-Man.

Since his original introduction in comics, the character has been adapted into several other forms of media, such as television series and video games. Woody Harrelson portrays Cletus Kasady in the live-action Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU) movies "Venom" (2018) and "" (2021), bonding with Carnage in the latter movie. In 2009, the Cletus Kasady version of Carnage was ranked as IGN's 90th-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Taiwanese Hokkien

Taiwanese Hokkien or Taiwanese Minnan (臺灣閩南語), also known as Taigi or Taiwanese, is a type of Hokkien language spoken in Taiwan. Many Taiwanese people who came from southern Fujian speak it. It's one of the major languages used in Taiwan as about 70% of Taiwanese people speak it.

Taiwanese is similar to Amoy Hokkien, Quanzhou Hokkien, and Zhangzhou Hokkien, as well as their versions in Southeast Asia like Singaporean Hokkien and Philippine Hokkien. It's easy to understand for about 3 million people, including those who speak Amoy Hokkien and Zhangzhou Hokkien in mainland China and Philippine Hokkien in the south. The popularity of Hokkien media from Taiwan has made the Taiwanese version more well-known, especially since the 1980s.

Taiwanese Hokkien is a type of Hokkien, which is a Southern Min language. Like many Min varieties, it has different types of words for formal and informal use. The formal words are from the late Tang dynasty and can be related to Middle Chinese. The informal words are believed to have come from the mainstream of Chinese around the time of the Han dynasty.

The variations within the Taiwanese variant come from Hokkien spoken in Southern Fujian, particularly from Quanzhou and Zhangzhou, and later Amoy. Taiwanese also has words from Japanese and the native Formosan languages. Some scholars claim that part of the basic vocabulary of colloquial Taiwanese is related to the Austronesian and Tai language families, but this is debated.

The formal Hokkien language once thrived in Fujian and was brought to Taiwan by early immigrants. Tale of the Lychee Mirror, a series of plays published in 1566, is one of the earliest known works in this language. However, this form of language is mostly extinct now.

Captain America: Brave New World

Captain America: Brave New World is an upcoming movie directed by Julius Onah. It is produced by Marvel Studios and set to be released on February 12, 2025.

Hela (character)

Hela is the Asgardian goddess of death in the Marvel Comics universe and an enemy of Thor. She is the daughter of the Asgardian god of mischief Loki and a Frost Giantess with magical powers named Angerboda, and was set by Odin at her birth to rule Hel and Niffleheim, the Asgardian afterlife regions.

She serves as the main antagonist of the "Avengers Prime" Mini-series, the seven issue series "Angela: Queen of Hel", and as one of the main antagonists in the 2019 "Guadians of the Galaxy".

She is based on the ancient Norse goddess of the same name.

She was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Journey into Mystery #102" in March 1964.

Hela made her live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2017), portrayed by Cate Blanchett.

Happy Hogan (character)

Harold Joseph "Happy" Hogan is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is depicted usually as a supporting character in stories featuring Iron Man and is also the father of Teen Abomination.

Director Jon Favreau portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Iron Man" (2008), "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Iron Man 3" (2013), (2017), "" and "" (both 2019), and reprised his role in the third Spider-Man movie, "" (2021). Favreau also voices alternate reality versions of the character in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?" (2021).

Cimolichthys

Cimolichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous.


Their bodies were covered by large, heavy scutes. Typical of this species are narrow lower jaws with several series of teeth. If "Cimolichthys" existed, it would look like the pikes we see in freshwater lakes.

You can find "Cimolichthys" fossils in Cretaceous strata of North America (Canada and United States) and Europe.




Timely Comics

Timely Comics is the 1940s comic book publishing company that would evolve into Marvel Comics. During this era, called the Golden Age, "Timely" was the umbrella name for the comics division of pulp magazine publisher Martin Goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities (including Red Circle Comics) all producing the same product. Timely was originally located in the McGraw-Hill Building on West 42nd Street in New York City, and later moved to the 14th floor of the Empire State Building.

Martin Goodman (publisher)

Martin Goodman (born as Moe Goodman, January 18, 1908 – June 6, 1992) was an American publisher of pulp magazines, paperback books, men's adventure magazines, and comic books. He launched the company that would become Marvel Comics. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, United States.
Atlas Comics

Atlas Comics was a comic book publishing company in the 1950s that evolved into Marvel Comics. Magazine and paperback-novel publisher Martin Goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities, used Atlas as the umbrella name for his comic-book division during this time. Atlas was located on the 14th floor of the Empire State Building. This company is distinct from the 1970s comic-book company, also founded by Goodman, that is generally known as Atlas/Seaboard Comics.

Long-finned pike

The long-finned pike or yellowfin pike ("Dinolestes lewini") is a species of perciform fish. It is the only member in the genus Dinolestes, as well as the family Dinolestidae.

It is an elongated, silver to yellowish-brown fish with a pointed snout. It probably resembles a short barracuda. It has large eyes and a large mouth with a slightly protruding lower jaw.

It grows up to 84 cm (33 in) in total length.

It's found in the coastal waters of southern Australia, including New South Wales, at depths between 5 and 65 m (16 and 213 ft).




2011–12 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2011-12 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 7th title for Salzburg and the 4th since the Red Bull takeover. They won the cup for the first time in the club history.

African popular music

African popular music or Afropop is a subgenre of Afrobeats, a kind of music that people sing in West Africa.

Maria Szeliga

Maria Szeliga (born 8 November 1952) is a Polish archer. She competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Just Good Friends (song)

"Just Good Friends" is a 1987 song duet by Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder. It is the fifth track from Jackson's seventh studio album "Bad" and was the only track not the released as a single. It is the second track on the album to feature a duet including "I Just Can't Stop Loving You".

Linn, Missouri

Linn is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Osage County.

Bland, Missouri

Bland is a city in Gasconade and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Belle, Missouri

Belle is a city in Maries and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Vienna, Missouri

Vienna is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Maries County.

Wild Honey (U2 song)

"Wild Honey" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the seventh track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and has a more pop sounding to the album. It was played during the Elevation Tour. It was featured in the 2001 movie "Vanilla Sky".

Argyle, Missouri

Argyle is a village in Maries and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Chamois, Missouri

Chamois is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Meta, Missouri

Meta is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Manchester Gorton (UK Parliament constituency)

Manchester Gorton is a Manchester Parliamentary constituency in the British House of Commons. It was set up in 1885. The boundaries have been changed over the years. Since 1935 it has always had a Labour MP. Gerald Kaufman was the MP from 1983 until his death in 2017. Since 2017 the Member of parliament is Afzal Khan. 

There are seven wards of the City of Manchester in the constituency: Fallowfield, Gorton North, Gorton South, Levenshulme, Longsight, Rusholme and Whalley Range wards.

The Boundary Commission review in 2023 decided to abolish it. From the next General Election Gorton, Levenshulme and Longsight will be included with the town of Denton in a new constituency called Gorton and Denton. Fallowfield, Rusholme and Whalley Range will be part of the re-established constituency of Manchester Rusholme.

Westphalia, Missouri

Westphalia is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Freeburg, Missouri

Freeburg is a village in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Catford

Catford is a district in South-East London. Its three "wards" (Bellingham, Catford South, and Rushey Green) are in the London Borough of Lewisham.

Catford covers most of SE6 postal district. The area is one of 35 major centres in Greater London. A river, the Ravensbourne, flows through it on its way towards the Thames.

Strong (Robbie Williams song)

"Strong" is a 1999 song by Robbie Williams and is the third single from his second studio album "I've Been Expecting You". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 12 in Ireland, number 9 in New Zealand, number 15 in Poland, number 8 in Hungary, number 7 in Iceland and number 55 in the Netherlands.

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

Boundary Commission

There are four boundary commissions in the United Kingdom, one each for England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. They are are non-departmental public bodies. Their job is to decide the boundaries of constituencies for elections to the House of Commons. 

The Speaker of the House of Commons is officially chair of each of them. The Speaker does not play any part in the reviews. A High Court judge is appointed to each boundary commission as deputy chair.

The commissions report to parliament every eight years. 

The rules they follow are set out in the Parliamentary Constituencies Act 1986, as amended by the Parliamentary Voting System and Constituencies Act 2011 and the Parliamentary Constituencies Act 2020. There are 650 constituencies. 

Local authority areas and electoral areas are reviewed by the separate but similarly named:


Manchester Rusholme (UK Parliament constituency)

Manchester Rusholme was a parliamentary constituency centred on the Rusholme district of Manchester from 1918 to 1950. It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first past the post system.

The Boundary Commission review in 2023 decided to reinstate it. From the next General Election it will take in the City council wards of Fallowfield, Rusholme and Whalley Range, which were in Manchester Gorton and Ardwick, Hulme and Moss Side, which were in Manchester Central.

Afzal Khan (British politician)

Mohammed Afzal Khan, CBE (5 April 1958) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Manchester Gorton since 2017.

He was elected as councillor in Manchester in 2000 and was Lord Mayor of Manchester for 2005–2006. He was Member of the European Parliament for North West England from 2014 to 2017. He is Manchester's first Muslim MP, and the first Muslim Lord Mayor.

Khan was born in Jhelum and came to the UK when he was 11. After leaving school without qualifications, he had a number of jobs, including as a Greater Manchester Police constable, before returning to education and qualifying as a solicitor.

In 2023 he resigned from the frontbench to vote for a SNP motion demanding a ceasefire in Gaza.

Eva Lawler

Eva Dina Lawler is an Australian politician. She has served as the 13th and current Chief Minister of the Northern Territory and as leader of the Territory Labor Party since 21 December 2023, after Natasha Fyles resigned the day before. She has represented the seat of Drysdale in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly since 2016.

She used to serve as the Minister for Education, Treasurer and Minister for Infrastructure. Before she became a politician, Lawler worked as a school teacher and later as a school principal.

Manchester Central (UK Parliament constituency)

Manchester Central is a parliamentary constituency in Manchester created in 1974. Since 2012 it has been represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament by Lucy Powell of the Labour Party and Co-operative Party.

The boundaries have changed overtime. Since 2010 it is made up of the City of Manchester wards of Ancoats & Clayton, Bradford, City Centre, Hulme, Miles Platting & Newton Heath, and Moston. Ardwick, Hulme and Moss Side. Ardwick, Hulme and Moss Side are transferred to the new Manchester Rusholme (UK Parliament constituency) at the next General Election. Manchester Central will be made up of 

Rita Edochie

Rita Edochie (born 16 April 1964) is a Nigerian actress. She is the wife of Tony Edochie, the brother of Pete Edochie.

Hou Yu-ih

Hou Yu-ih (; born on 7 June 1957) is a Taiwanese politician. He is the Mayor of New Taipei. 

Taiwan People's Party

The Taiwan People's Party (TPP, ) is a Centre-left political party in Taiwan (Republic of China).


Dead link

A "dead link" is a internet link (otherwise called a 'hyperlink') or URL which no longer directs to anything or directs to something that doesn't exist. For example, the link 'https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/' does in fact exist, but https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.simple does not. Or, for even better example, https://youtube.com/ does exist, however https://youtube.com/what_and_huh does not exist.

Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine

The Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine was an anarchist army that fought in the Russian Civil War. It was led by Nestor Makhno, its Commander-in-Chief.

Anarchist insurgents first came together in 1918, when Ukraine was invaded by the Central Powers. They beat the Austro-Hungarian Empire in battle and captured a lot of the south of Ukraine. They then joined the Red Army and fought against the White Army. But the insurgents disliked their Red Army commanders, the Bolsheviks.

In 1919, the White Army invaded Ukraine and the Red Army withdrew from the country. The Insurgent Army went west to escape the White offensive. The insurgents formed a truce with the nationalists led by Symon Petliura. They then fought back against the Whites and beat them in battle. By the end of 1919, the Insurgent Army took over most of the south and east of Ukraine.

In 1920, the Red Army invaded Ukraine and attacked the Insurgent Army. When the Whites attacked Ukraine again, the Red and Insurgent armies formed an alliance. The two attacked the Whites and beat them in Crimea. The Red Army then turned against the Insurgent Army again. The insurgents fought a guerrilla war against the Reds. By August 1921, the Insurgent Army was beaten. Nestor Makhno fled Ukraine.


Bellegarde, Tarn

Bellegarde is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bellegarde-Marsal.

Marsal, Tarn

Marsal is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bellegarde-Marsal.

Ferrières, Tarn

Ferrières is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Fontrieu.

2023 Chilean constitutional referendum

A constitutional referendum happened in Chile on 17 December 2023. The referendum was to see if the public liked a new constitution drafted by an appointed committee of experts and improved by an elected Constitutional Council. The new constitution was approved by the Council on 30 October and the referendum happened on 17 December.

The proposed constitution was rejected by a 12-point margin, with 56% of the voters voting against the constitution and 44% voting for it.

Bellegarde-Marsal

Bellegarde-Marsal is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Bellegarde (the seat) and Marsal.

Arifat

Arifat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Arthès

Arthès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Assac

Assac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Aussac

Aussac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Aussillon

Aussillon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bannières

Bannières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Beauvais-sur-Tescou

Beauvais-sur-Tescou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Belcastel, Tarn

Belcastel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Belleserre

Belleserre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Blan

Blan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Berlats

Berlats is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bernac, Tarn

Bernac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bertre

Bertre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Bez

Le Bez is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Blaye-les-Mines

Blaye-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Allamah Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi

Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi (also spelt Ehsanullah, (Arabic: السيد احسان الله شاه راشدي صاحب العلم الخامس), (Urdu: سید احسان اللہ شاہ راشدی پیر جھنڈہ پنجم); (Sindhi: سيد احسان الله شاهه راشدي پير سائين پنجون جھنڊي وارو), (13 January 1896 – 28 September 1939, or 1313H Rajab 27 – 1358H Shaban 15 in the Islamic calendar) was a spiritual leader and Islamic, Scholar, also commonly known as Pir of Jhando the Fifth, During the British Raj, he actively participated in the Khilafat Movement, leading his community and making significant contributions to social and political matters of Sindh

Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi was born on January 13, 1896, in Pir Jhando near Saeedabad Tehsil, Sindh. He was the younger son of Pir Rushidullah Shah Rashdi.
He studied at Madirsah Dar-ul-Rashad, established by his father 

He learned from various influential teachers, including Muhammad Amin Matoor, Obaidullah Sindhi, Muhammad Laghari, Ilahi Bakhsh Riyasti of Bahawalpur, Ahmad Ali Lahori, and Muhammad Akram Ansari.

After his father's passing in 1923, he was chosen to lead the family and the community (known as 'jamaat') as their spiritual leader. He engaged in studying works on interpretation (tafsir), traditions (hadith), Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal, history, and various fields of knowledge. He managed the library from 1923 to 1937. 

He gained recognition as a proficient scholar in the field of Al Rijal, Sanaullah Amritsari said about him that:

Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi corresponded with a diverse constituency that extended beyond the Indian subcontinent, including letters to and from King Abdul Aziz, the Sultan of Saudi Arabia

In 1924, when the king took control of Mecca and in 1925, Medina, he made significant changes to practices he considered non-Islamic. This included demolishing graves and tombs, which caused controversy, especially in Sindh. People in Sindh criticized the king and scholars in Hijaz and Mecca for these actions. In response, Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi wrote a booklet titled "Imam Mubeen." The booklet aimed to show, using evidence from the Quran, hadiths, and teachings of the past, that the king's actions were in line with divine law. Many copies of the booklet were distributed among the followers or jammat in Sind to ensure that the information reached and was understood by the Sindh population.
A handwritten copy of "Imam Mubeen" is preserved at Maktaba Rashidiyah.

Shah Rashdi showed an interest in religious activities with political aspects. He actively took part in the Khilafat Movement when it started in Sindh, playing a big role in resisting the British Raj. Once, he and a group of Jamaat, approached a commissioner, expressing support for the movement. They emphasized that Khilafat was crucial to their religious beliefs, especially in protecting holy places. They said they'd stay quiet if the government respected these places but promised to speak out if the places were not safeguarded

In the Khilafat Movement, his father Pir Rushdullah Shah Rashidi symbolically donated his sacred turban to the Angora Fund. The next day, after Friday prayer, Pir Rushdullah Shah's son, Pir Imam Shah, tried to find out who bought the turban. It turned out to be Ihsanullah Shah, making a significant contribution. This incident shows the strong commitment of Muslims and their followers to the Khilafat Movement in Sindh.
His sons Allamah Muhibullah Shah Rashdi (1923-1995) and Allamah Badiuddin Shah Rashdi(1926-1996) (Arabic: ) continued the dissemination of their father's teachings.

ITVX

ITVX, (previously called ITV Hub), is an online service developed by ITV which lets you catch up on the last week's television and radio. The service can be used from computers on the ITV website. It can also be used from games consoles, cable television, smart phones and tablets.

ITV Hub was launched on 25 June 2008, On 18 November 2022 it was renamed to ITVX.


Yakima River

The Yakima River is a river in Washington state, United States. It flows into the Columbia River and is named after the Yakama people. Lewis and Clark wrote in their journals that the Sahaptin people called it "Tâpe têtt", possibly from the French word tape-tête, meaning "head hit". The river starts in the Cascade Range at an elevation of 2,449 feet (746 m) near Easton.

The river is 214 miles long and has an average drop of 9.85 feet per mile. It starts in the Cascade Range at Keechelus Dam near Snoqualmie Pass, then flows through Easton and Yakima, and joins the Columbia River in Richland, creating the Yakima River Delta. The Yakima River valley is famous for its wine.

The Yakima River and its streams have been changed a lot for farming. Many dams and canals for irrigation have been built. Sometimes, water used for irrigation goes back to the river through drains. This irrigation system affects the river's flow, causing both low and high water levels compared to how it used to be. The USGS has four gauges to measure the river's flow. The highest flow, 3,542 cubic feet per second, is recorded in Union Gap, halfway up the river. The two gauges downstream show lower average flows.

October 2023 Tulkarm raid

The Invasion of Tulkarm or The Raid in Tulkarm in month of October 2023 was a large Israeli military operation, launched by the IDF at dawn on October 19, 2023 in the city of Tulkarm and the city’s two camps (Nur Shams Camp and Tulkarm Camp). The invasion continued for two days, i.e. till October 20, 2023, and during the operation 13 Palestinians were killed and and at least 25 others were injured. One Israeli police officer was also killed with 10 others wounded by an IED. The invasion came on the thirteenth day of the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

Rawon

Rawon is a type of Indonesian beef soup from East Java. This dish has a history of more than 1,000 years and is known as a typical East Javanese food. It gets its dark color and nutty taste from the black keluak nut, which is the main spice used. The soup is made by mixing garlic, shallots, keluak, ginger, candlenut, turmeric, red chili, and salt, and cooking them in oil. This mixture is then added to boiled beef stock with pieces of beef.

To add flavor, lemongrass, galangal, bay leaves, kaffir lime leaves, and sugar are included. The keluak gives rawon its special dark or black color. The soup is often topped with green onion and fried shallot and is served with rice. Other toppings can include bean sprouts, preserved salted egg, krupuk, and fried black-eyed peas.

Rawon is a dish with a long history, dating back to ancient Java. It was mentioned as rarawwan in an old Javanese Taji inscription from the time of the Mataram Kingdom around 901 CE.

Australia–New Zealand soccer rivalry

The Australia–New Zealand soccer rivalry is a soccer rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the New Zealand men's national football team (the All Whites), as well as between the Australia women's national soccer team (the Matildas) and the New Zealand women's national football team (the Football Ferns). It is one of many sports rivalries between Australia and New Zealand, which are rivalries because the two countries are close to each other and are culturally very similar.

The first match New Zealand played was against a team representing the state of New South Wales, with New Zealand losing 1–0 before playing them again and drawing 3–3. The first official international match for both teams was played in 1922. New Zealand won the match 3–1. This led to the creation of the Soccer Ashes.

Australia is by far the more successful team in both men's and women's soccer matches.


Internal waters

Internal waters is a type of lake, river, sea, pond, creek/stream that is inside of a country or state. Typically when measuring the area of a country or state, you include the internal waters unless you do not want to count them.

Australia–New Zealand sports rivalries

Because Australia and New Zealand are geographically and culturally very close, there are many sports rivalries between the two countries in many sports, including cricket, netball, rugby league, rugby union and soccer, as well as many other sports.


Australia–England sports rivalries

Because Australia was a colony of the United Kingdom until Federation in 1901, as well as other shared history, Australia and the United Kingdom (particularly England) have many sports rivalries in many sports, including association football, cricket, rugby league, rugby union and many other sports.


Australia–Japan football rivalry

The Australia–Japan football rivalry or the Australia–Japan soccer rivalry is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the Japan national football team, as well as between the Australia women's national soccer team (the Matildas) and the Japan women's national football team.

The reason for the rivalry is due to Australia and Japan being two of the "Big Four" nations in the Asian Football Confederation (AFC), the other two being Saudi Arabia and South Korea. These are the four most successful Asian countries in international soccer.


Australia–South Korea football rivalry

The Australia–South Korea football rivalry or the Australia–South Korea soccer rivalry is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the South Korea national football team, as well as between the Australia women's national soccer team (the Matildas) and the South Korea women's national football team.

The reason for the rivalry is due to Australia and South Korea being two of the "Big Four" nations in the Asian Football Confederation (AFC), the other two being Japan and Saudi Arabia. These are the four most successful Asian countries in international soccer.


Australia–Uruguay football rivalry

The Australia–Uruguay football rivalry or the Australia–Uruguay soccer rivalry () is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the Uruguay national football team. It dates back to 1974, when Uruguay travelled to Australia for a two-game series before Australia made their FIFA World Cup debut at the 1974 tournament in West Germany.


Gheorghe Pănculescu

Gheorghe Pănculescu (not to be confused with Gheorghe Pănculescu, the Romanian engineer) was a Romanian general who fought both the First World War and the second World War.

Place of birth: March 26,1903,Warsaw, Poland

Place of death: January 7,2007,Vlădești commune, Vâlcea county

He was the last Romanian veteran of the First World War and one of the last World War I veterans in the world. Panculescu was born in Warsaw, then part of the Russian Empire. In 1918, at the age of 15, he enlisted as a minor in the Romanian army, and served in the First World War. Panculescu remained in the army after the war and in World War II he reached the rank of general. He died on January 7, 2007, at the age of 103.

Voiced uvular fricative approximant

The voiced uvular fricative approximant is a type of consonantal sound, used in spoken languages. It is not in the Spanish language. It is in the English language as we know it. and it should not be confused with the letter p. You need a symbol to add to the letter [þ] to [þ-] to represent the voiced uvular fricative/approximant. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is 〈þ〉.

Features of the voiced uvular fricative approximant:

• The letter (щ) represents the Cyrillic letter Shcha. It also represents the voiced uvular fricative approximant, So we know ð- represents the sound too.

• The Cyrillic letter Shcha does look a lot like the voiced velar approximant. 

• Voiced uvular fricative

Sydney Derby

The Sydney Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is between the first two Sydney clubs in the A-League: Sydney FC and Western Sydney Wanderers FC. It is one of the largest rivalries in Australian soccer, having been compared to European football rivalries.

The Big Blue (A-League Men)

The Big Blue is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Melbourne Victory FC and Sydney FC, originally the two most successful and the two most popular clubs in the A-League (Sydney FC being the most successful and the most popular, while Melbourne Victory was once the second-most successful and the second-most popular). It is one of the largest rivalries in the A-Leagues.

Melbourne Derby

The Melbourne Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is between the two original Melbourne-based clubs in the A-League: Melbourne City FC (formerly Melbourne Heart FC) and Melbourne Victory FC.

The Distance Derby

The Distance Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Perth Glory FC and Wellington Phoenix FC, the two clubs that are geographically the furthest apart from each other.

Central Coast Mariners FC–Western Sydney Wanderers FC rivalry

The Central Coast Mariners FC–Western Sydney Wanderers FC rivalry is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Central Coast Mariners FC and Western Sydney Wanderers FC.

F3 Derby

The F3 Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Central Coast Mariners FC and Newcastle Jets FC. It is the oldest derby in the A-League, and the reason that it is a rivalry is because the two clubs were the only two original clubs based outside a capital city.

The rivalry is named after the Pacific Motorway (M1) which connects Newcastle to Sydney via the Central Coast. It was originally called the F3 Freeway.

The Original Rivalry

The Original Rivalry is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Adelaide United FC and Melbourne Victory FC.

Melbourne Victory FC–Western United FC rivalry

The Melbourne Victory–Western United FC rivalry, better known as the Westgate Derby or the Battle of the Bridge, is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Melbourne Victory FC and Western United FC.

New Zealand National League

The New Zealand Men's National League is a men's football league in New Zealand, at the top of the New Zealand football league system. It was founded in 2021 to replace the New Zealand Football Championship. The league has 10 teams, with each club qualifying from their regional league. Four teams qualify from the Northern League, three qualify from the Central League and two qualify from the Southern League, with the Wellington Phoenix Reserves automatically qualifying every year.

The regional leagues run from March to September each year, but different league has a different number of games. After the regional phase, the Championship phase begins, where every team plays each other once. After the Championship phase is the Grand Final. Each season, two clubs qualify for the OFC Champions League, the continental competition for countries in the Oceania Football Confederation.

Fusulun Fi Adianil Hind

Fusulun fi Adianil Hind, Al-Hindusiatu, Wal Buziatu, Wal Zainiatu, Was Sikhiatu and Alakatut Tasawwfi Biha (فصول في أديان الهند الهندوسية والبوذية والجينية والسيخية وعلاقة التصوف بها, A survey of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism as well as Indian religions and their relationship with Sufism') is a book written by Ziaur Rahman Azmi on Hinduism from an Islamic perspective. The book was published in 1997 from Darul Bukhari, Madina Munawara and later in 2002 from Maktabur Rushd, Saudi Arabia. The book is one of the major texts on Hinduism and Indian religion in the field of Islamic studies. This book provides a scientific study of the four major religions of India, Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism, from an Islamic perspective. In the book, the author claims, these three religions have similarities and their foundations are mostly based on ancient beliefs, ideas and customs.

This book is actually a collection of the author's articles, which were published in Madinah Islamic University's "Magjalat Al Jamiat Al-Islamiyya Bil Madinah Al Munawara (Madinah Islamic University Magazine)". and then when he was appointed as a professor at the University of Madinah, he was also responsible for teaching "Adiyan al-Alam (World Religions)". Among other things, when entrusted with this responsibility, he prepared the text of "Religion" from the articles and then rearranged these articles for public use and published them in book form. Now these two books deal with "religion", namely "Judaism and Christianity" (دراست في اليهودية و أديان النصرانية) and "The Religion of India", published in one volume titled Dirasat Fil Yahudiyat wal Masihiyat wal Adianil Hind (دراسات في اليهودية والمسيحية وأديان الهند, Studies in Jewish, Christian and Indian Religions/Comparative Study of Judaism, Christianity and Indian Religions), containing 784 pages, it is being published by Maktabat Al-Rushd, a famous printing house in Saudi Arabia, due to the similarity of the content and so far it has had seven editions. The institution publishes this book every year as it is very popular among the teachers and students of the local Islamic Universities.

In the book Azami says about Hinduism, the Kol race lived in Mohenjodaro in India in the third century BC, the Turanians came and defeated them and mixed with them, the Dravid race arose, who Mohenjodaro in Sindh. They settled in the Harappan city and then spread into South India, and they divided into four groups according to their language, Kannada, Malayam, Tamil and Telugu. 
During this time they continued to clash with the Aryans from the east of the Indus for several centuries, and the name Hindu was given by the Greeks and Iranians to this Indus (Sindh) word. The inhabitants accepted their allegiance and then the Aryans began to mold the social system and the inhabitants of India entered the Vedic society. Azmi cites archaeological similarities as well as linguistic similarities between Sanskrit and Persian, suggesting that the Aryans were of European Persian origin, and he cites linguistics to suggest that the Sanskrit-speaking Aryans and the Persian-speaking were inhabitants of the same territory, and that they came from Persia. At one point when the Aryans won, the local inhabitants including the Dravidians accepted their allegiance, then the Aryans began to shape the social system and the inhabitants of India entered the Vedic society. Azmi cites archaeological similarities as well as linguistic similarities between Sanskrit and Persian, suggesting that the Aryans were of European Persian origin, and he cites linguistics to suggest that the Sanskrit-speaking Aryans and the Persian-speaking were inhabitants of the same territory, and that they came from Persia.The Aryans then divided the natives of India into four classes in order of status, these being Brahmins (Arya priests or clerics), Kshatriyas (Rajput warriors or Marathas), Vaishya (Turani Dravidian traders or traders and farmers) and Shudra (Turani Dravidian laborers or labourers), the first two being the Aryan upper caste and the latter two the Dravidian lower caste. According to Azmi, among them, the Shudras were persecuted and disrespected by the Aryans, and in the 20th century they converted en masse, and a large number of people converted to Islam, especially the Dalit communities in various places, including Tamil Nadu, whose voluntary conversion to Islam was received coverage from the Indian press , whuch Azmi cites numerous sources with quotations including of Babasaheb Ambedkar. Hindus then concentrated on writing texts which were divided into five eras. respectively:
In addition, Hindu scriptures are said to contain descriptions of various Islamic gospels, including the arrival of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, which Muhammad Ibrahim Mir Sialkoti and Sanaullah Amritsari and many others in the 20th century. wrote the book in the beginning, Azmi said that according to the consensus of Muslims, the Hindu scriptures Asmani Kitab may be that when the Aryans left their native land, Ibrahim was in Iraq. Azmi claims more support for the second view that the religion emerged and either the Aryans adopted these from the Torah and the Sahifas of Abraham when they passed through the region, or the Hindus, when revising their texts, inserted them to satisfy Muslim rulers during Islamic rule.

Azmi says about the religion of Hinduism,
Azmi says that the reason behind Hindus' negative perception of Islam is,

Abubakar Muhammad Zakaria in his book "Hindusiat wa Tasur Bad al-Firak al-Islamiyat Biha" () (Hinduism and Islamic Tribes Influenced by It), which he initially composed as a thesis, he took the direct help of his teacher Ziaur Rahman Azmi and also followed Azmi's this book "Fusulun fi Adianil Hind" closely.


Voiced retroflex labiodental fricative

The voiced retroflex labiodental fricative is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. It is in the English or Spanish languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is (ᶌ). and both the sound and symbol are commonly called hooked v.

This sound has no extIPA for this, because we know it represents the v with palatal hook but v with retroflex hook doesn't exist in Unicode.

Language: English

Word: free

• Voiced labiodental fricative

• Voiced labiodental affricate

• Voiced labiodental plosive

Plant blindness

Plant blindness or Plant-neglect is a type of cognitive bias where people tend to overlook or ignore plant species. This bias includes not noticing plants in the environment, not recognizing the importance of plants in the biosphere and human affairs, viewing plants less important to animals, and not appreciating the unique features or beauty of plants. The term was coined by botanists J. H. Wandersee and E. E. Schussler in 1999.

Some say that people may not notice plants because they are stationary and have similar colors. Cultural practices may also play a role. Studies indicate that individuals are better at detecting animals than plants in images, revealing a bias known as zoo-centrism. Plant blindness is thought to be connected to nature deficit disorder, potentially leading to reduced funding and fewer botany classes.

Plant blindness can have several potential effects, raising concerns about plant conservation and research. One major concern is the insufficient funding for plant conservation efforts. Even though plants make up 57% of endangered species, they receive only 3.86% of the funding allocated for endangered species.

Additionally, plant blindness is believed to contribute to a shortage of research and education in plant science. Recent years have seen a decline in funding for plant science research, a decrease in interest in botany majors, and the termination of plant biology courses. This decline is worrisome as plant research plays a crucial role in advancing medicine and agriculture.

People have different opinions about the term "plant blindness." Some argue that bias against non-vertebrate species, like insects, is widespread, not just limited to plants. Insects, such as beetles, are crucial for biodiversity, yet they are often overlooked in education and media.

There is also disagreement about the name itself. Some find using the term "blindness" inappropriate and have proposed calling it "Plant Awareness Disparity" (PAD) instead.

Plastic Hearts

Plastic Hearts is the seventh studio album by American singer Miley Cyrus. It was released on November 27, 2020, by RCA Records. It was also her final album with the label, after that she signed with Columbia Records in early 2021. "Plastic Hearts" is the lead single of the album.

Notes

Nuseirat refugee camp

Nuseirat refugee camp () is a Palestinian refugee camp. The camp is located in the center of the Gaza Strip. It includes the largest number of Palestinian refugees who were displaced from their homes during the Nakba.
The camp has several archaeological landmarks such as: “Tel Amer” (a Byzantine city or church that was discovered in the year 1995); Likewise, “Tell el-Ajjul” is an archaeological area in which some antiquities were found.

Michael G. Ricciardi

Michael G. Ricciardi was the former Co-founder, CEO, and Chairman Emeritus at Mercury Capital Advisors.

In 1978, Michael earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Georgetown University, where he was honored as the University’s Outstanding Scholar-Athlete and was awarded the Robert A. Duffey Prize. Later, in 1982, he attained a Master’s degree in Business administration from Harvard Business School.

In 2009, Michael founded Mercury Capital Advisors. Before this endeavor, he spearheaded Merrill Lynch & Co.'s Private Equity Funds Group and was lauded with the firm’s Leadership in Diversity & Inclusion Award. He was the Managing Director and Head of Global Fixed Income Sales at Paine Webber, also serving on the firm's Operating Committee. At Citicorp Securities, he oversaw global sales for fixed-income and equity products, acting as Co-Head of Domestic Fixed Income. In this capacity, he managed sales, trading, research, origination, and capital markets, while serving on the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. He was also a member of the Chairman’s Advisory Board at Sponsors for Educational Opportunity. In 2021, Michael assumed the chairman emeritus position at Mercury Capital Advisors.

In 1978, Michael was honored with the Robert A. Duffey Scholar-Athlete Award at Georgetown University for exceptional leadership as the crew of the Rowing team. In 2018, he received the Jefferson Award for his contributions to St. Ann's Soup Kitchen / Franciscan Charities.

Clutha River

The Clutha River or the Mata-Au River is the second longest river in New Zealand and the longest in the South Island. It flows over 338 kilometers from Lake Wānaka in the Southern Alps to the Pacific Ocean, southwest of Dunedin. It has the highest volume and is the fastest river in New Zealand. The river is known for its beautiful scenery, gold-rush history, and fast turquoise waters. There's an effort by a group called the Clutha Mata-Au River Parkway Group to create a regional river parkway along the entire river.

The river starts at the head of the Makarora River, near Haast Pass, flowing into the northern end of Lake Wānaka. The lake's southern end connects to the Clutha near Albert Town, where it meets its first main tributary, the Hāwea River. Further downstream, it's fed by the Cardrona River. As the river travels through the Upper Clutha Valley, it encounters ancient glacial terraces, including a section called the 'Snake.' Near Luggate, there's a unique feature called the "Devil's Nook," and the river narrows at the Māori Gorge in Queensberry.

The river is called Mata-au in Māori, which means current or eddy in a large expanse of water. It was a significant route for Māori people, offering direct access from the coast through Central Otago to lakes Wānaka, Hāwea, and Whakatipu Waimāori.

Its official name is Clutha River / Mata-au since 1998, following the Ngāi Tahu Claims Settlement Act. This landmark settlement recognized the equal importance of both English and Māori names for about 90 geographic features in the South Island.

In New Zealand's early colonial history, it was officially called the Molyneux from below the junction with the Kawarau River at Cromwell, a name given by Captain Cook.

Laki Shah Sadar

Sayed Sadruddin Lakyari (Urdu: سید صدرالدین لکیاری, Sindhi: سيد صدرالدين لڪياري), commonly known as Laki Shah Sader, is a Sindhi Sufi saint and Islamic preacher who traces his ancestry to Ali Ibn Abi Talib. His grandfather, Sayed Ali Makki ibn Abbas Mousavi, originally from Samarra City in Iraq, was sent by the Umayyad Caliphate. Under the command of Sayyid Ali Makki, he arrived in Sindh during the era of 'Raja Dahir' (8th century) along with a group of more than 100 followers. Following their arrival, he established his residence in Laki, Sindh. Descendants of Laki Shah Sader usually have "Lakyari" in their name to indicate their descent.

Lakki Shah Sadr lived in Amri at first. Later, he chose to settle in Lakki with his father, Muhammad. He was among the distinguished scholars and spiritual leaders of 600-700 hijri era, time

In the journal "Mehran," Volume 2, 1989, published by the Sindh Adabi Board in Jamshoro, Dr. Abdul Majeed Sindhi mentioned that Khawaja Muin al-Din Chishti referred to a revered saint, Sheikh Sadruddin, residing in a hut in the villages of Lakki in the Sistan region. The explanation notes that during the late 655th Hijri and early 700th Hijri, Hazrat Sadr al-Din lived in Lakki. The title 'Sheikh' is a term of respect for saints. Some historians identify Lucky Shah Sadr as Sadr al-Din Muhammad Ahmad. The city was formerly known as Lakki Teerth. Due to the saintly attributes and respected personality of Hazrat Sadr al-Din, Lakki Shah Sadr (the city) became well-known by his name. Lakki Shah Sadr passed away at an old age, and his mausoleum is situated in the northwest of Lakki Shah Sadr (the city).
As per Mir Ali Sher Qaune Thattvi, the author of "Tuhfat al-Karam," Raja Delorai, also known as Raja Dahir, is believed to have given his daughter in marriage to Sayyid Ali Makki. During his preaching in various regions, Sayyid Ali Makki eventually settled in the valley between Laki Mountain and the Indus River. Inspired by his teachings, some individuals constructed a house in the area, leading to the place being named 'Lakkalvi,' later evolving into Lakke village in connection with 'Lak.' Over time, the region came to be known as 'Lakki Shah Sadar.'

During a visit to Sehwan by Raja Dahir Sayyid Ali Makki delivered a sermon, advising the king to refrain from cruelty and encourage justice and fairness in his rule. In response to the saint's counsel, Raja Dahir abandoned oppressive practices and even offered his daughter in marriage to Sayyid Ali Makki after she embraced Islam. Sayyid Ali Makki had four sons, and Sayyid Sadruddin was born to his eldest son, Sayyid Muhammad.

Bhairavi

Bhairavi (Sanskrit: भैरवी) is a Hindu goddess, described as one of the Mahāvidyas, the ten avatars of the mother goddess. She is the consort of Dakṣiṇāmūrti.

The Beekeeper (2024 movie)

The Beekeeper is a 2024 American action crime thriller movie starring Jason Statham.

2024 in movies



Asphalt 9: Legends

Asphalt 9: Legends is a asphalt series of the Gameloft, This game was released in the Philippines on 26 February 2018, Thailand on 22 March 2018, global on 26 July 2018 release.

Asphalt 8: Airborne

Asphalt 8: Airborne is a asphalt series by Gameloft, This game was released in the iOS and Android on 22 August 2013.

Camila Travaglini

Camila Travaglini is a Brazilian model and actress. She was born in Osasco, São Paulo, Brazil. When she was 7 years old, she began working with a local agency to start her modelling journey.

Travaglini is represented by "Ford Models" in Brazil. Over the years, she has appeared on the covers of magazines like "Hooks", "Bianchini", and "Cool". Companies like "Pantene" even chose her to represent them because of her resemblance to Gisele Bündchen. Besides modelling, Travaglini has her own clothing brand called "Circula". In 2022, Travaglini decided to have a facelift surgery.


2012–13 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2012-13 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the biggest embarrassment in the club's history. In the Champions League they failed to qualify against the Luxembourg amateur club FC Dudelange. They also only finished second in the championship. In the cup they were eliminated in the semi-finals against the regional league club FC Pasching.

Killing of Wadea al-Fayoume

On 14 October 2023, Wadea al-Fayoum, a six-year-old Palestinian-American child, was killed when he was stabbed 26 times in his home in Plainfield, Illinois, in an event that authorities described as an anti-Muslim and anti-Palestinian attack. His mother Hanaan Shahin (32 years old) was also stabbed and suffocated, resulting in serious injuries. Authorities have described the killing as a hate crime motivated by Islamophobia, anti-Palestinianism and due to watching propaganda videos in the context of 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

The suspect, 71-year-old Joseph M. Czuba, has been arrested and charged with murder, attempted murder and hate crimes. If convicted, he faces life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. Shortly after his death, a vigil for al-Fayoume was held at a local basketball court in Plainfield to mark his love for the sport.

Voiced uvular lateral fricative

The voiced uvular lateral fricative is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages, such as English or Spanish. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is 〈ʟ̠˔〉. The equivalent X-SAMPA symbol is codice_1. The sound has a consonant transcribed (ա). The Armenian letter Ayb.

Features of the voiced uvular lateral fricative:

• Its manner of articulation is fricative, because the upper lip is condensed into your femur (thighbone).

• The sound represents l for the Voiced alveolar lateral approximant.

• Voiced uvular lateral approximant 

Lady Ballers

Lady Ballers is a comedy film starring Jeremy Boreing.

Guardians of the Galaxy (2008 team)

The Guardians of the Galaxy are a fictional space-faring superhero team that appear in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning formed the team from existing and previously unrelated characters created by a variety of writers and artists, with an initial roster of Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon, Quasar, Adam Warlock, Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, and Groot.

This Guardians team is the second to operate under the name, following the original team created by Arnold Drake, Roy Thomas and Stan Lee in 1969.

These Guardians first appeared in "Annihilation: Conquest" #6 (April 2008). A feature movie set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe based on this team was released in 2014. A sequel, titled "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2", was released in 2017, and the team has also been featured in the crossover movies "" (2018), "" (2019), "", the Disney+ special "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (both 2022) and the movie "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023).

Eve Teschmacher

Eve Teschmacher, or simply Miss Teschmacher, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She was the girlfriend and assistant to Lex Luthor, working at LexCorp. Despite their incompatibility, she is notable for her qualities. Eventually, she loses interest in Luthor when his nemesis Superman saves her life. First introduced in the 1978 "Superman" movie and portrayed by Valerie Perrine, Eve was later adapted into the DC Comics main continuity during the Modern Age.

Eve Teschmacher was created by Mario Puzo, David Newman, Leslie Newman, Robert Benton, and Tom Mankiewicz. Her first appearance in the mainstream DC Universe was as Luthor's secretary in Grant Morrison's "JLA: Earth-2" (2000).

A character similar to Eve Teschmacher named Kitty Kowalski appears in "Superman Returns", portrayed by Parker Posey.

The real Eve appears in "Superman Returns: Prequel Comic" #3, a tie-in comic to the titular movie.

The character was also portrayed by Andrea Brooks in the Arrowverse series "Supergirl".

A version of this character, portrayed by Sara Sampaio, will appear in the upcoming movie, "Superman".

Echo (Marvel Comics)

Echo (real name Maya Lopez), previously known as Ronin, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics, appearing as a supporting character in the "Daredevil", "Moon Knight" and "New Avengers" comics.

She is the deaf adoptive daughter of Kingpin who was his pawn in his attempt to get rid of his archenemy Daredevil, Maya learned the truth and decided to become an adventurer. Despite her disability, Lopez has a photographic memory that allows her mimic anyone she fights, allowing her to deal with any opponent she faces. She is a member of the Daughters of the Liberty, and has been a member of the New Avengers and Earth-TRN852's Avengers.

She was created by David Mack and Joe Quesada, and first appeared in "Daredevil (Vol. 2) #9" in May of 1999.

Alaqua Cox portrays Maya Lopez in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, debuting in the television series "Hawkeye" (2021), and starred in her own spin-off series "Echo" (2024).

America Chavez

America Chavez, also known as Miss America (b. July 4), is a fictional character and superhero from Marvel Comics, appearing as the main protagonist of the "America" comics, and a major character in the "Young Avengers" and "Ultimates" comics.

She is a Latin-American teenager from Utopian Parallel universe, and was sent to the main universe following the destruction of her home. America was later adopted by Santana family, and she decided to become the second Miss America after deciding to protect her neighborhood from criminals. Chavez would be introduced to other superheroes, and soon become a member of the Young Avengers, A-Force, Secret Warriors, and the Ultimates.

She debuted in the 2011 limited series "Vengeance" by her creators Joe Casey and Nick Dragotta. Chavez later appears in the 2013 "Young Avengers" series by Kieron Gillen and Jamie McKelvie and in the 2015 series, "A-Force," by G. Willow Wilson, Marguerite Bennett and Jorge Molina. Beginning in October 2015, Chavez has appeared in "Ultimates" by Al Ewing and Kenneth Rocafort as part of the All-New, All-Different Marvel initiative.

America Chavez has been described as one of Marvel's most notable and powerful female heroes, being labelled as the publisher's first Latin-American LGBT character to star in a comic book series as the eponymous character. Since her original introduction in comics, the character has been featured in various other Marvel-licensed products, including video games, animated television series, and merchandise.

The character made her live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022), portrayed by Xochitl Gomez.

Greater Orlando

The Orlando metropolitan area, also known as Central Florida, Greater Orlando, Metro Orlando, as well as for U.S. Census purposes as the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, is a metropolitan area in the central region of the U.S. state of Florida. Its principal cities are Orlando, Kissimmee and Sanford. The U.S. Office of Management and Budget defines it as consisting of the counties of Lake, Orange (including Orlando), Osceola, and Seminole.

Denver metropolitan area

Denver is the central city of a conurbation region in the U.S. state of Colorado. The conurbation includes one continuous region consisting of the six central counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson. The Denver region is part of the Front Range Urban Corridor.

LexCorp

LexCorp, also known as LuthorCorp and L-Corp, (legally known as Lexcorp Incorporated) is a fictional organized crime company appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is a conglomerate owned and run by Lex Luthor, headquartered in New Troy, Metropolis.

The organization has appeared in different forms of media, inlcuding movies, television series, and video games.

Sara Sampaio

Sara Pinto Sampaio (born 21 July 1991) is a Portuguese model best known for being a Victoria's Secret Angel. Sampaio is a Giorgio Armani beauty ambassador and works for Calzedonia. She was the first Portuguese model in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" (2014).

Sampaio was named Best Female Model at the "Globos de Ouro" (Portuguese Golden Globes) in 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015, and 2016. In 2019, Sampaio was the winner of Fashion Personality of the Year.

Voiced velar lateral stop

The voiced velar lateral stop is a type of fricative consonant sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is [ʟˀ]. This sound was used in the English or Spanish language; it has letters and numbers.

The sound has transcribed 3 more sounds: ff, çß, and a˞. the letter [çß] needs a hook diacritic to represent the sound for the voiceless palatal fricative (ç). That sound was transcribed (ş). That sound represents the voiceless alveolar lateral fricative but (ş) is now a impossible sound. This symbol is called glottalized velar lateral approximant.

Consonants
• Vowel
• Consonant

Google Cloud Platform

Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is a set of cloud services provided by Google. It includes various services like computing, data storage, data analytics, and machine learning, along with tools for managing them. GCP uses the same infrastructure as Google's own products like Google Search and Gmail.

GCP provides infrastructure as a service, platform as a service, and serverless computing.

It started with App Engine in 2008, a platform for web applications. It became available to the public in 2011. Since then, Google has added more services to the platform.

Google Cloud Platform is part of Google Cloud. The latter includes public cloud infrastructure, Google Workspace (G Suite), enterprise versions of Android and ChromeOS, and APIs for machine learning and mapping services.

Google Cloud Platform started in April 2008 with the preview of Google App Engine. In May 2010, Google Cloud Storage was launched, followed by the preview of Google BigQuery.

Google Cloud Platform offers over 100 products and services.

There are Compute services including App Engine for deploying applications, Compute Engine for running virtual machines, and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) for container orchestration using Kubernetes.

GCP also offers services in storage and databases, networking and big data.

GCP Customers announced in 2023 include: Kingfisher, The Government of Kuwait, Deutsche Börse Group, FanCode, and Mercedes-Benz.

GCP has also formed partnerships with Unity, Uber.


Juan Manuel del Mar

Juan Manuel del Mar Bernedo (December 29, 1805 – June 16, 1862) was a 19th-century Peruvian politician. He served as the 4th Vice President of Peru from October 1858 to June 1862.



José María Raygada y Gallo

José María Raygada y Gallo (18 December 1795 – 15 January 1859) was a 19th-century Peruvian politician. He was twice Prime Minister of Peru (1857 – 15 July 1858; October 1858 – 15 January 1859). He died in office.


Stanisław Wodzicki

Stanisław Karol Piotr Cyprian Wodzicki of his own coat of arms (born July 27, 1764 in Rogów, died March 14, 1843 in Krakow) - Count, Polish conservative politician, leader of the Krakow aristocratic party, president of the Governing Senate of the Republic of Krakow in the years 1818-1831, senator-voivode of the (congress) in 1829 diary, poet and botanist.

Ahmed al-Mirghani

Ahmed Ali al-Mirghani (; 16 August 1941 – 2 November 2008) was a Sudanese politician who served as the 6th President of Sudan from 1986 to 1989 when his government was overthrown by a military coup led by Omar al-Bashir. 

Despite the Second Sudanese Civil War that happened during Mirghani's presidency, the violence only occurred in the rebelling south as in the north, it was very peaceful and prosperous. Mirghani was the first ever democratically elected president of Sudan. He also tried to put an end to the civil war but then he was overthrown. However, Bashir, who succeeded Mirghani as President in 1993 successfully put an end to the civil war in 2005. 

Mirghani died on 2 November 2008 in Alexandria, Egypt at the age of 67. His funereal was attended my his family and friends including President Bashir to pay respect to him. Mirghani became a well respected person by the Sudanese people that Bashir eventually gave him the title of "Martyr of Peace".

Fissure

A fissure in geology is a crack in the Earth's crust. It is the first sign of the Earth's crust pulling apart. Characteristically, it is long and narrow. As the vent widens it may be called a fissure, and if there is volcanic activity, then it is a fissure vent. A very good example is the rift valley in North-Eastern Africa.

Karst is vast areas of barren land with rocky ground. It is formed by dissolving soluble carbonate rocks such as limestone, dolomite, and gypsum. There may be caves, fissures, and sinkholes. Despite rainfall, they lack vegetation, and usually have no lakes, rivers, or streams on their surface. They form when limestone, gypsum, or dolomite are dissolved by underground torrents of flowing water.

We now know that the huge karst area in Mexico known as the Yucatan was formed by the meteorite which ended the Cretaceous period. The whole of this huge area is made of porous limestone. The limestone is regularly punctuated with holes or "cenotes". The land is almost entirely covered with scrubby trees, all of a similar size.

A more familiar type of ground fissure is seen in Iceland, where the fissure vent is an active volcano. In such places the fissure may pour out molten rock. Mauna Loa is another good example. In this case it is one of a number of volcanic islands formed by a hot-spot gradually moving across the Earth's mantle.

No Surrender (song)

"No Surrender" is a 1984 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the seventh track from his seventh studio album "Born in the U.S.A.". It was not one of the seven top 10 singles from the album but charted at number 29 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Here to Stay (Korn song)

"Here to Stay" is a 2002 song by Korn. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Untouchables" and went to number 12 in the United Kingdom, Italy and Australia, number 11 in Scotland, number 7 in Finland, number 6 in Hungary, number 58 in the Netherlands, number 15 in Ireland and Denmark, number 21 in Canada and number 18 in Norway. It won a Grammy Award in 2003.

CD single:

DVD single:

EP:

Gabriel Daza

Sir Don Gabriel Daza (February 6, 1896 – May 18, 1994) was a Filipino electrical engineer who was a co-founder of Filipino corporations such as the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT), together with Joseph E. Stevenot, and the Philippine Electric Manufacturing Company (PEMCO). He was also known for being one of the founding fathers of the Boy Scout movement in the Philippines where he became acting president and Chief Scout.

List of Malta Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Malta Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Malta after playing their first match in 2019.

Tender Is the Night (song)

"Tender Is the Night" is a 1983 song by Jackson Browne. It is the second single from his seventh studio album "Lawyers in Love". It went to number 25 in the United States and the music video features Daryl Hannah and was also released as a single from the United Kingdom and Germany.

Western Stars

Western Stars is the 19th studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 14 June, 2019 through Columbia Records. It went to number 2 in the United States and topped the album charts in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Austria, Italy, Ireland, Portugal, Norway, Spain, Scotland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland and Germany.

The film version has the same track list, with the addition of the cover song "Rhinestone Cowboy".

Namilakonda

Namilakonda is the name of a village in Karimnagar district in Telangana, India.

Deaths in 2024

The following is a list of notable deaths that happened in the year 2024. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name, or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are also noted here, if it is worth noting.

Every entry . Use proper citations and no bare URLs to prevent link rot. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements for adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.
















































































T. Mayu Bogollagama

T. Mayu Bogollagama (Born July 4, 1971) is an American Poet.

T. Mayu Bogollagama was born in Colombo, Ceylon, when it was part of the . He grew up in Ceylon and developed a passion for poetry and during his early education. In 1990, he became the outdoor track and field 3200m state champion.

Bogollagama went to Georgetown University for higher studies, where he studied English. During his time there, he worked on romantic verse and volunteered as a literacy tutor for underprivileged students through the Project. He also tutored at , another literacy program started by Georgetown University in the late 1960s. He completed his M.A. in 1996 and wrote his first volume of poetry, "Moons of Desire," which was published in 2008.

After completing his M.A., Bogollagama started his literary career with the publication of "Moons of Desire" in 2008. In 2012, he published "Salute to Serendipity," a book of love poems dedicated to Sri Lanka, his birthplace. This book pays tribute to the history and culture of Sri Lanka.

Bogollagama continued his poetic journey with "Hearts of Truism" in 2018, dedicated to Angelina Jolie for her support of women and refugees. In 2015, he published "Genres of Love," a book of love poems dedicated to his mother. In 2020, he wrote "Karmic Kindness" in solidarity with the COVID-19 pandemic.

Pir Jhando

is a village of Saeedabad Taluka in Sindh Province of Pakistan. The village is historically known for its madrasa Darul Rashad and its Islamic Library (المکتبۃ العالیۃ العلمیہ) which used to be a well-established Islamic institute in the region for Islamic religious and educational services, 

Saeedabad Tehsil

New Saeedabad Tehsil (Urdu: نیو سعيد آباد) is an administrative subdivision (Tehsil), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Ari Hermann

Ari Claus Jean Lehnfelt Hermann, commonly known as Ari Hermann, is an Greenlandic professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Greenlandic Football Campionship club B-67 Nuuk and the Greenland national football team.

Bamna Upazila

Bamna is an upazila (administrative division) in Barguna District, part of Barisal Division in Bangladesh.

As of the 2011 Bangladesh census, Bamna Upazila had a population of 79,564, with 17,529 (22.03%) under 10 years old. The literacy rate for those aged 7 and over was 61.1%, exceeding the national average of 51.8%. The sex ratio was 1018 females per 1000 males, and 7,744 (9.73%) resided in urban areas.
Bamna Upazila is split into four union parishads: Bamna, Bukabunia, Dauatola, and Ramna. These union parishads further consist of 39 mauzas and 49 villages.

Amar Desh

Amar Desh (), a newspaper in Bangladesh, was operational from 2004 until its closure. Published in Dhaka in Bengali, it reported on Bangladesh's news from local, regional, and international viewpoints. Known as a prominent opposition paper, Amar Desh supported the Bangladesh Nationalist Party in its editorial stance. The government of Bangladesh has shut down the newspaper.

The Awami League government has closed down Amar Desh twice, coinciding with the arrests of editor Mahmudur Rahman. The first instance was on June 1, 2010, when the editor was arrested, and the newspaper was shut down for 10 days. The second closure occurred on April 11, 2013, following Rahman's arrest for publishing Skype conversations related to Bangladesh's war crimes trials. The suppression of the newspaper continues.

Novo Nordisk Foundation

The Novo Nordisk Foundation is based in Copenhagen. It owns 77% of Novo Nordisk’s voting rights and 28.1% of its shares. It was a condition of the company's permission to make insulin that the proceeds should be invested in research. That is why the foundation was set up 1924. At the end of 2022 it had DKr805 billion or $116 billion. It is the largest charitable foundation in the world. 

It pays for research into obesity and diabetes, cardiometabolic diseases, stem cell science and climate change.

Mads Krogsgaard Thomsen is the chief executive.

Braunfels

Braunfels ( is a town in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany. It is 9 km southwest of Wetzlar and 28 km northeast of Limburg an der Lahn.

The town of Braunfels was talked about for the first time in 1246. Braunfels became a town in 1607. Bonbaden, a neighborhood of Braunfels, was first talked about in writing in the year 772. In 1972, it marked 1200 years since it began. So, Bonbaden is one of the oldest places where people have lived in Lahn-Dill.

Sayyed Razi Mousavi

Sayyed Razi Mousavi () was an Iranian brigadier general serving in the IRGC's Quds Force. On December 25, 2023, He was killed by an Israeli airstrike in Sayyidah Zaynab, Rif-Dimashq, Syria during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

Iranian media says that, throughout the Syrian civil war, Mousavi faced multiple assassination attempts by Israel.

Elise Fischer

Elise Fischer or Élise Fischer (13 July 1948 – 25 December 2023) was a French writer, journalist and novelist from Lorraine. She died on 25 December 2023, at the age of 75.

Craig Nassi

Craig Nassi is an American businessman, known as the founder and CEO of real-estate company, BCN Development.

Craig was born in New York, US. In 1991, he graduated from Colorado State University with bachelors in Liberal arts and sciences. He received his Masters degree in education from University of Northern Colorado in 1994.

After graduating from Colorado State University, Craig spent the next four years teaching history and coaching sports in Denver Public Schools. Craig Nassi is the founder and CEO of BCN Development since its foundation in 1993. The company is legally traded as BCN Developement LLC and has headqaurters in New York, US. In early 2018, Craig was in contract to purchase Union Theological Seminary’s dormitory for 50 million USD but the building was later purchased by Riverside Church for 46.5 million USD.

Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

The County of Waldeck (later the Principality of Waldeck and Principality of Waldeck and Pyrmont) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire 

Wolrad II "the Scholar" "1539-1575" 

John I "the Pious" "1539-1567"

Philip V "the Deaf" "1539-c. 1544?"

1575-1637

Philip VII 1637-1645

Philip Theodore 1640-1645

1645-1706

Frederick Anton Ulrich 1706-1728

Christian Philip 1728

Charles August 1728-1763

Frederick Charles August 1763-1812

George 1763-1771

Josias I 1771-1788

Josias II 1788-1829

George I 1812-1813

George II 1813-1845

Charles 1829-1849

George Victor 1845-1893

Adalbert I 1849-1893

Frederick 1893-1918

Siddharth Roy Kapur

Siddharth Roy Kapur (born 2 August 1974) is an Indian film producer and the founder of Roy Kapur Films. and co-chairman of the CII Media and Entertainment Committee.

Glitz (TV channel)

Glitz is a Latin American pay television channel that was launched on 1 May 2011, who purchased the channel from Claxson in 2007, ended in 2011. Its programming is mainly for women.

Philautus vermiculatus

The Perak bubble-nest frog, vermiculate bush frog, or vermiculated bush frog ("Philautus vermiculatus") is a type of frog. It can be found in Malaysia and Thailand. People have seen it between 500 and 1600 meters above sea level.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

Ravi (rapper)

Kim Won-sik, known by his stage name Ravi, is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer. He is a former member of the South Korean boy group VIXX and its sub-unit VIXX LR.

Re'im music festival massacre

On 7 October 2023, the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas started a surprise attack on Israel from the Gaza Strip. During the attack, 364 civilians were killed and many more were badly hurt by Hamas at the Supernova Sukkot Gathering, which was an open-air music festival on the Jewish holiday of Shemini Atzeret near kibbutz Re'im. At least 40 hostages were also taken. This mass killing had the most deaths out of all of the massacres targeting Israeli civilians in settlements near the Gaza Strip that happened as part of the 7 October invasion. Others were at the settlements of Netiv HaAsara, Be'eri, Kfar Aza, Nir Oz and Holit.

At 6:30 am around sunrise, rockets were noticed in the sky. Around 7:00 am, a siren warned the people at the festival of an incoming rocket attack, causing them to try to escape. Armed militants, using motorcycles, trucks and powered paragliders, surrounded the festival and started shooting at everyone who was trying to escape. People hiding in nearby areas, such as bomb shelters, bushes, and orchards, were killed while hiding there. People who reached the road were stuck in a traffic jam as militants shot at the vehicles. The militants killed some badly hurt people at point-blank range as the hurt people crouched on the ground.

The public does not currently know where the hostages are. The massacre at the festival was the largest terror attack in the history of Israel, and the worst massacre of Israeli civilians ever.

Safdie brothers

Joshua Safdie (born April 3, 1984) and Benjamin Safdie (born February 24, 1986) are independent American filmmakers and actors based in New York City.

Amritasiddhi

The Amṛtasiddhi, written in a Buddhist environment in about the 11th century. The implied model is that bindu is constantly lost from its store in the head, leading to death, but that it can be preserved by means of yogic practices. The text has Buddhist features, and makes use of metaphors from alchemy.

A primary Buddhist feature is the opening verse praising the goddess Chinnamasta: Amṛtasiddhi 7.7 speaks of the effects of transforming Bindu, as if alchemically transforming mercury, with the terms "thickened" ("mūrcchitaḥ"), "fixed" ("baddha"), "dissolved" ("līna"), and "still" ("niścala"). The verse is parallelled by many later Hatha yoga texts and in Tantra by the "Hevajratantra".

Rambo (franchise)

Rambo is an American media franchise centered on a series of action movies featuring John J. Rambo. The first movie in the "Rambo" franchise, "First Blood" (1982), is an adaptation of the 1972 novel "First Blood" by David Morrell. It was followed by "" (1985), "Rambo III" (1988) and "Rambo IV" (2008).

London und Paris

London und Paris was a German magazine published in Weimar from 1798-1815. It was published by Friedrich Justin Bertuch. It had 1300 subscribers. It had copies of French and English caricatures.

Johan Christian Huttner was the London correspondent from 1798 to 1807. He sent copies of caricatures from London. Most of them were by James Gillray. 77 of Gillray's were reprinted in the magazine.

Neo Rauch

Neo Rauch (born 18 April 1960) is a German painter. 

His paintings show the influence of former East Germany socialist realism, and Surrealist painters like Giorgio de Chirico and René Magritte.
Rauch personal figurative art isn't easily defined in a particular style. They have a narrative intention but in an enigmatic way.


Allan Border Medal

The Allan Border Medal is the biggest award for male Australian cricket players. It's named after a cricket captain, Allan Border.

Hari Nef

Hari Nef (born October 21, 1992) is an American actress, model, and writer. She is known for her role as Gittel in the Amazon original series "Transparent". She also played Dr. Barbie in the 2023 movie "Barbie" directed by Greta Gerwig. She is the first openly transgender woman signed to IMG Models.

Chris Blackwell

Christopher Percy Gordon Blackwell OJ (born 22 June 1937) is a Jamaican-British former record producer and the founder of Island Records. He was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2001. "Variety" called him as "one of the greatest record executives in history".

Kingsley Ben-Adir

Kingsley Ben-Adir (born 20 November 1986) is a British actor. He is known for playing Marcus Summer in ITV's "Vera" (2014–2018), Karim Washington on Netflix's "The OA" (2019), and Colonel Ben Younger in the BBC drama "Peaky Blinders" (2017–2019). 

In movies, he played Malcolm X in the Amazon Studios movie "One Night in Miami..." (2020), Basketball Ken in "Barbie" (2023) and Bob Marley in the biopic "" (2024).

Joseph Wambaugh

Joseph Aloysius Wambaugh Jr. (born January 22, 1937) is an American writer. He is known for his fictional and nonfictional books of police work in the United States. Many of his novels are set in Los Angeles and have Los Angeles police officers as main characters in his books.

Wambaugh joined the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) in 1960. He served for 14 years, rising from patrolman to detective sergeant.


Zagreb Film

Zagreb Film was a Croatian production company.
1950s to 1960s
1970s


Bärbel Bas

Bärbel Bas (; born 3 May 1968) is a German politician. She is a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She has been the 14th president of the Bundestag since 2021. She has been a member of the German Bundestag since the federal election in 2009. 

Gerhart Baum

Gerhart Rudolf Baum (born 28 October 1932) is a German politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) and a lawyer. He was the Minister of the Interior from 1972 to 1982.

From 2001 to 2003, Baum served as UN Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Sudan.

Manfred Lahnstein

Manfred Lahnstein (born 20 December 1937) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). In 1982 he was German Federal Minister of Finance as well as Federal Minister of Economics. Until 2004, he worked for the media conglomerate Bertelsmann.

Boris Pistorius

Boris Pistorius (; born 14 March 1960) is a German lawyer and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He has been the Federal Minister of Defence in the cabinet of Chancellor Olaf Scholz since 19 January 2023. 

He was in the State Parliament of Lower Saxony from 2017, until his appointment as Federal Minister in 2023.

Katarina Barley

Katarina Barley (born 19 November 1968) is a German politician and lawyer who has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2019. She was the Federal Minister of Justice and Consumer Protection in the fourth Cabinet of Angela Merkel. She was also the Federal Minister of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth and, from 28 September 2017, as the acting Federal Minister of Labour and Social Affairs, both until 14 March 2018.

VMware Workstation Player

VMware Workstation Player (also known is VMware Player) is a virtualization software and the succesor of VMware Workstation was developed by VMware. It has been released on December 12, 2005, alongside the released of VMware Workstation version 5.0. VMware Workstation Player is used of non-commercial use, it running by virtualization of VMware Workstation and it supported on Microsoft Windows and Linux, similar like VMware Workstation.

In December 12, 2005, after released of VMware Workstation version 5.0, VMware announced they will be released of second virtualization software but it succesor like VMware Workstation for non-commercial use, it called VMware Workstation Player has been released. In early 2006, VMware Player has free downloaded of supported on Microsoft Windows and Linux and virtualization of all operating system. 

VMware Workstation Player is free used for non-commercial use, but it virtualization of VMware Workstation and started released all the version from first version and now is version 17. After released the latest version of VMware Player, VMware announced they will be released of VMware Player version 18 alongside with VMware Workstation but it begin to released in the future.


Hans Friderichs

Hans Friderichs (born 16 October 1931) is a German politician who was the Minister of Economy from 1972 to 1977 during the Willy Brandt and Helmut Schmidt governments.

Hubertus Heil

Wolfgang-Hubertus Heil (born 3 November 1972) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He has been the Federal Minister of Labour and Social Affairs since 14 March 2018.

Republic of Slowjamastan

The Republic of Slowjamastan (officially the United Territories of the Sovereign Nation of the People's Republic of Slowjamastan) is a micronation in Imperial County, Southern California, US. 

It was started on December 1, 2021, by slow jam DJ Randy Williams, Slowjamastan is located on an empty plot of desert land along State Route 78. Although Slowjamastan has no structures, located on the plot of land is a large border sign by the highway, a border control post and an open desk that serves as the Williams' office—the sultan of the micronation. He founded Slowjamastan following a visit to Molossia, another micronation located in Dayton, Nevada, in August 2021, and purchased the plot of land in October for US$19,000. 

Franziska Giffey

Franziska Giffey (, Süllke, born 3 May 1978) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She was Governing Mayor of Berlin from December 2021 to April 2023. She was Minister for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2018 until 2021. 

Kai Wegner

Kai Wegner (born 15 September 1972) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has been serving as Governing Mayor of Berlin since April 2023.

Anne Spiegel

Anne Spiegel (born 15 December 1980) is a German politician of Alliance 90/The Greens. She was the Federal Minister for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth in the cabinet of Chancellor Olaf Scholz from 8 December 2021 until 25 April 2022.

Lisa Paus

Elisabeth "Lisa" Paus (born 19 September 1968) is a German politician who has been serving as the Federal Minister for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth since 25 April 2022. She is a member of Alliance 90/The Greens. She has been a Member of the German Bundestag for the state of Berlin since 2009.

Tony Robbins

Anthony J. Robbins, also known as Tony Robbins, was born on February 29, 1960, in North Hollywood, California. He writes books about making your life better, managing your money, and he talks to people to inspire and encourage them. He is from the United States of America.

Steffi Lemke

Steffi Lemke (born 19 January 1968) is a German politician of Alliance 90/The Greens who has the Federal Minister for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety, and Consumer Protection since 2021. Lemke has been a member of the Bundestag from the state of Saxony-Anhalt from 1994 through 2002 and since 2013.

Julia Klöckner

Julia Klöckner (born 16 December 1972) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who served as Federal Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2018 to 2021.

Svenja Schulze

Svenja Schulze (born 29 September 1968) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She is the Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development since 2021. Schulze has been serving as member of the German Bundestag since 2021, representing North Rhine-Westphalia.

Karl Lauterbach

Karl Wilhelm Lauterbach (; born 21 February 1963) is a German scientist, physician, and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He has been the Federal Minister of Health since 8 December 2021. He is professor of health economics and epidemiology at the University of Cologne. Since the 2005 German federal election, he has been a member of the Bundestag.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in Germany, he became well known in the country for his appearances on television talk shows as an invited guest expert, along with his frequent use of Twitter to provide commentary about the pandemic.

Volker Wissing

Volker Wissing (born 22 April 1970) is a German lawyer, former judge and politician. He is a member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) who has been serving as the party's General Secretary since 2020. He is the Minister for Transport since 2021.

Federal Ministry for Housing, Urban Development and Building

The Federal Ministry for Housing, Urban Development and Building (, ), abbreviated BMWSB, is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It is headquartered in Berlin. The current minister is Klara Geywitz, of the Social Democratic Party. The Federal Ministry existed between 1949 and 1998 and was re-established in December 2021.

Political Party:

Dieter Haack

Dieter Haack (born 9 June 1934) is German politician from the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He was the minister of housing and town planning between 1978 and 1982.

Oscar Schneider

Oscar Schneider (born 3 June 1927) is a German politician, lawyer and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. From 1982 to 1989, he was the Minister of Housing, Urban Development and Building during the Helmut Kohl government. From 1969 to 1994, he was a member of the German Bundestag. He was born in Roth, Bavaria, Germany.

Klara Geywitz

Klara Geywitz (; born 18 February 1976) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). She is the Federal Minister for Housing, Urban Development and Building since 2021. She served as member of the Landtag of Brandenburg from 2004 until 2019, and is a Deputy Leader of the SPD since 2019.

Bettina Stark-Watzinger

Bettina Stark-Watzinger (; Stark, born 12 May 1968) is a German economist and politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) who has been serving as Minister of Education and Research in Chancellor Olaf Scholz's cabinet since 2021. She has been a member of the Bundestag from the state of Hesse since 2017. 

Federal Minister for Special Affairs of Germany

A Federal Minister for Special Affairs (, ) is a member of the German government without portfolio.

Political Party:

Wolfgang Schmidt

Wolfgang Schmidt (; born ) is a German politician and jurist. He has been the Federal Minister for Special Affairs, Head of the Chancellery and Commissioner for the Federal Intelligence Services since 2021

Schmidt has been a close ally and friend of German Chancellor Olaf Scholz.

Alpine goat

The Alpine goat is a medium to large-sized domestic breed known for its excellent milking ability. These goats, originating from the French Alps, have no set colors or markings, although certain markings are frowned upon. They possess horns, a straight profile, and erect ears.

Mature does weigh around 61 kg (135 lbs) and stand about 76 cm (30 in) tall at the shoulder. Alpine goats can vary in color, ranging from white or gray to brown and black. They are heavy milkers, and their milk is used to make various dairy products such as butter, cheese, soap, and ice cream. Alpine goats are commonly employed in commercial dairy production as well as on homesteads.

There are different sub-types of Alpine goats, including Purebred (French) Alpines and American Alpines. The latter has been influenced by other genetic factors after introduction to the United States, retaining visual traits and temperament similar to French Alpines.

Characteristics of Alpine goats include medium to large size, with males over 81 cm (32 in) tall at the withers and females over 76 cm (30 in). They have short to medium-length hair and come in various colors. Known for being "alertly graceful," they adapt well to different climates due to their hardy nature.

Alpine goats are friendly and curious but can be independent and strong-willed. The sexual maturation rate is around four to five months for buck kids and five to six months for doe kids. The gestation period for does is 145–155 days, with twins being the most common, but they can have singles or even quintuplets.

The Alpine goat's fame lies in its milk production, known for its docile temperament, high-quality milk, and long lactation period. Alpine milk has a lower fat content than cow's milk but balances well in terms of protein and sugars. Despite their size, Alpine goats produce substantial milk, with optimal production occurring after four to six weeks of kidding.

Efficient dairy production in Alpine goats requires specific conditions, including adequate ventilation, dry beds, uncontaminated feeder and water supply, and minimal disturbance. Alpine milk must be filtered and chilled immediately for human consumption, with the ideal temperature being 4.4 °C (39.9 °F). Proper cooling is crucial to prevent bacterial growth, and refrigerated milk has a shelf life of about three to four weeks.

Alpine goats, along with Saanen and Toggenburg goats, are among the top milk producers. Their milk, with a fat content of 3.4%, is considered a healthy choice. Good nutrition, proper milking procedures, reproductive management, and disease control contribute to optimal milk production in Alpine goats.

Heads of the German Chancellery

The Head of the Chancellery (, abbreviated "ChefBK") is the highest ranking official of the German Chancellery and the principal assistant of the Chancellor of Germany. The Chief of Staff is in charge of the running of the German Chancellery as well as with coordinating the federal government's work. All Chiefs of Staff since 2005 have been members of the federal cabinet.

Manfred Schüler

Manfred Schüler (born March 7, 1932) is a German Social Democratic Party (SPD) politician. He was born in Jessen, Germany. He focused on issues of financial reform in the Bundestag for the SPD. He was the Head of the German Chancellery from 1974 to 1980 under Chancellor Helmut Schmidt.

Father of the House

Father of the House is a title that has been traditionally given unofficially to certain members of some legislatures, most notably the House of Commons in the United Kingdom.

In some legislatures the title is given to the longest continuously serving member, while in others it is given to the oldest member. Recently, the title Mother of the House or Mother of Parliament has also been used.

Gregor Gysi

Gregor Florian Gysi (; born 16 January 1948) is a German attorney, former president of the Party of the European Left and a politician of The Left ("Die Linke") political party.

Sahra Wagenknecht

Sahra Wagenknecht (born Sarah Wagenknecht; ; 16 July 1969) is a German politician, economist, author, and publicist. Since 2009 she has been a member of the Bundestag, where until 2023 she represented The Left. From 2015 to 2019, she served as that party's parliamentary co-chair. She left the party on 23 October 2023 to found her own party, Bündnis Sahra Wagenknecht.

Baiju Noyan

Baiju Noyan was a Mongol commander during the siege of Bagdad in 1258AD.

Allamah Sayyid Badiuddin Shah Rashdi

Sayyid Badiuddin Shah Rashdi (Arabic : السيد بديع الدين شاه الراشدي (Urdu : سید بدیع الدین شاہ راشدی (Sindhi : سيد بديع الدين شاهه راشدي) (Born: May 16, 1926 1344 AH - January 8, 1996 - 1416 AH) also known as Sheikh Al-Arab wa-al-Ajam, was the founder and first Ameer of Jamiat Ahle Hadith Sindh, and also served as the Ameer of Markazi Jamiat Ahle Hadith Pakistan in 1987, He taught in the Grand Mosque of Makkah and Madinah, Islamic scholar from Sindh, associated with the Ahl al-Hadith School of thought, authored 108 books in Arabic, Sindhi Urdu, known for his expertise in hadith, jurisprudence, and Quranic interpretation. 

Badi' ud-Din Shah al-Rashidi, born on May 16, 1926 (1344 AH - 1416 AH) in Gowth Fazalullah Shah Pir Jhando, Sindh, Pakistan, was the younger son of Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi. He began his religious education at "Darul Rashad" Madirsah, where he memorized the Quran in three months. Guided by his father, he further studied Hadith, Tafsir, and Fiqh

His notable teachers were Sanaullah Amritsari, his elder brother Sheikh Muhibullah Shah Al-Rashidi, Abu Muhammad Abdul Haq bin Abdul Wahed bin Muhammad bin Hashim Al-Hashimi, Sheikh Muhammad Khalil bin Muhammad Salim Al-Khairbouri, Sheikh Amin Muhammad Al-Kashi, Sheikh Bahaa al-Din Khan Jalalabadi, Sheikh Muhammad Ismail Al-Bint Gharbi, Sheikh Muhammad Shafee Al-Mankio Al-Sakarandi, Sheikh Abdul Karim Al-Nawab Shahi, and Sheikh Abdullah Al-Kahdari.

Shaykh Badiuddin was a respected Islamic scholar who taught students from different countries. Some of his notable students were Sheikh Ali Amer Al-Yamani, Sheikh Omar bin Muhammad Al-Sabil, Sheikh Abdul Qadir bin Habibullah Al-Sindi, Sheikh Abdul Rab Faizullah from Pakistan, Sheikh Hamdi Abdul Majidi Al-Salafi, investigator Bashar Awad, Sheikh Wasi Allah Abbas, Sheikh Rabee al-Madkhali, and Sheikh Muqbil bin Hadi al-Wadi'i.

Badi ud-Din Shah Rashdi died on January 8, 1996, in Karachi, and was buried in his ancestral village, Dargah Sharif Pir Jhando (Saeedabad).

Philautus worcesteri

The Mindanao bubble-nest frog or smooth-skinned tree frog ("Philautus worcesteri") is a type of frog. It lives in the mountains in the Philippines.

This frog lives in trees in forests that are not too high up on mountains. The drier the air is, the less this frog sings. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

Gorton and Denton (UK Parliament constituency)

Gorton and Denton is a parliamentary constituency created by the Boundary Commission review in 2023. From the next General Election it will take in 4 wards which were in Manchester Gorton and 3 which were in Denton and Reddish.

Group Nine Media

Group Nine Media was an American digital media company based in New York City. The company owned Thrillist, NowThis, The Dodo, Seeker, and more. In December 2021, Vox Media bought Group Nine Media.

Bleacher Report

Bleacher Report is an American media company that focuses on sports and sports culture. Its headquarters are in San Francisco, with offices in New York City and London. Bleacher Report was bought by Turner Broadcasting System in August 2012 for $175 million.

Bleacher Report was formed in 2005 by David Finocchio, Alexander Freund, Bryan Goldberg, and Dave Nemetz. They wanted to start writing about sports.

Effeminacy

When boys or men show traits or take roles that are associated with the image of being a girl or woman this is known as effeminacy. Throughout history, such men have been faced with prejudice and discrimination. Gay men are often seen as showing effeminacy. However, femininity, masculinity, and other forms of gender expression are independent of sexual orientation.

Other words for effeminacy include: "pansy", "nelly", "pretty boy", "nancy boy", "girly boy", "molly", "sissy", "pussy", "tomgirl", "femboy", "roseboy", "baby", and "girl" (when applied to a boy or, especially, adult man). The word "effete" similarly implies effeminacy or over-refinement, but comes from the Latin term "effetus" meaning 'having given birth; exhausted', from "ex-" and "fetus" 'offspring'. The term "tomgirl", meaning a girlish boy, comes from an inversion of "tomboy", meaning a boyish girl. The term "girly boy" comes from a gender-inversion of "girly girl".

Voiced palatal lateral nasal

The voiced palatal lateral nasal is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is (ʎn). The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1. and this sound is similar to an affricate but it is not used in English. and this sound (õ) is the letter oang.

Sounds like the voiced palatal lateral nasal:

• w

• v

• q

2023 attack on the Chem Pluto

On 23 December 2023, the Liberian-flagged, Japanese-owned and Dutch-operated chemical tanker "Chem Pluto" was attacked by a one-way drone launched by Unknown attacker. United States blamed it on Iran, but Iranian foreign ministry denied any involvement. At the time, it was carrying crude oil from Saudi Arabia to India. The attack caused a fire on board, and nobody was injured. The Indian Navy responded by sending a "Vikram" patrol vessel to the tanker.

Skid and Pump

Skid and Wil- "Pump" Wonder, are a pair of fictional main protagonists in Mexican animated web series Spooky Month. Skid and Pump are both voiced & created by David Axel.

Skid and Pump are hyperactive children and obsessed with the holiday Halloween. Skid is an 8-year old, He usually wears his skeleton costume. Pump is an 7-year old, like Skid, he also usually wears his pumpkin costume. The Duos usually gone on dangerous situations without knowing it. 

Skid and Pump has made some appearances including Friday Night Funkin' as a recurring character.

Skid and Pump are best friends and mostly childish.

The Duo's running gag, "Spooky Dance", was described as "like you seeing a gremlin and wanting it not to touch you" by David Axel. 

In "Friday Night Funkin"', Skid and Pump appear as recurring character in week 2. Chronology: Week 2 came after Week 4. There were two songs, "Spookeez" and "South". Also PhantomArcade confirmed that Spookeez was sung by Pump and South was sung by Skid.

The dance "Spooky Dance", a running gag for the duo was later became popular and people began creating memes, GIFs, and fan art of the dance.

Ueno Zoo Monorail

Ueno Zoo Monorail was a monorail in Ueno Park in Tokyo. It opened in 1957, and it ran in the Ueno Zoo, from the East Park to the West Park. It was only 300 meters long and it had two stations. It took about one minute and thirty seconds to get from the East Park to the West Park. Some people thought that this was just a amusement ride, but it was a railway under the law, because it crossed over a public street. It stopped running on October 31, 2019 because the monorail became too old to run. Because this monorail was a special type (only here in the world), making a new monorail was difficult. It was officially closed on December 27, 2023. Instead of this monorail, new ride will open in 2026.

2013–14 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2013-14 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 81st season in club history. Red Bull Salzburg finished the season as champions of the Bundesliga and the ÖFB-Cup. In Europe, Salzburg where knocked out of the Champions League by Fenerbahçe in the Third Qualifying Round, dropping into the Europa League. They reached the Round of 16 before defeat to Basel. 

Pali Canon

The Pali Canon is the main set of scriptures in the Theravada Buddhist tradition. It's in the Pali language and is one of the most complete early Buddhist collections. It comes mainly from the Tamrashatiya school of Buddhism.

After Gautama Buddha passed away, his students, Ananda recited the Sutta Pitaka, and Upali recited the Vinaya Pitaka, two of three parts of the Tripiktaka, during the First Buddhist Council. The teachings were then preserved orally. The Tipitaka, transmitted to Sri Lanka during King Ashoka's time, was first spoken and later written down on palm leaves during the Fourth Buddhist Council in 29 BC, about 454 years after Buddha's death.

The oral tradition continued alongside written scriptures for many centuries. Writing down the scriptures was a new tradition that faced opposition at first but was later accepted. The records of this event became an account of a "council" held under King Vattagamani.

The Pali Canon has three main parts, called pitaka, meaning "basket." So, it's traditionally known as the Tripiṭaka, meaning "three baskets." The three pitakas are:
The Vinaya Pitaka and the Sutta Pitaka are similar to the works of early Buddhist schools. However, the Abhidhamma Pitaka is unique to Theravada and differs from the Abhidhamma works of other Buddhist schools.

In the past, the Pali Canon wasn't in books but written on thin wood slices or bamboo called palm-leaf manuscripts. These leaves were tied together, covered in cloth, and kept in a box.

Theravada tradition calls the Canon the Word of the Buddha (buddhavacana), even though it includes teachings by disciples. Buddhaghosa and later monks wrote commentaries summarizing the traditional interpretation of the Canon. These interpretations are found in Buddhaghosa's Visuddhimagga.

According to a spokesman for the Buddha Sasana Council of Burma, the Canon has everything to guide the path to nirvana. While commentaries may have speculative content, they generally stay true to the teachings. In Sri Lanka and Thailand, "official" Buddhism often follows the interpretations of Western scholars.

Although the Canon has been written for centuries, its oral nature is still important in Buddhism. People memorize and recite texts, like the Paritta, as a form of meditation. Even laypeople usually know a few texts by heart. Monks, like Vicittasara from Burma, sometimes memorize the entire Canon. The relation of the scriptures to Buddhism among monks and laypeople is complex, and not all parts of the Canon were widely used across different places. Some scholars suggest that Buddhist history is the exploration of the early scriptures' implications.


Wylie transliteration

Wylie transliteration is a way to write Tibetan script using English letters found on a standard typewriter. Turrell V. Wylie, an American scholar, created this system, and he introduced it in a 1959 article in the Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies. It has since become a widely used method in Tibetan studies, especially in the United States.

When creating a Romanization for the Tibetan language, there's a challenge: whether to accurately represent the sounds of spoken Tibetan or the spelling of written Tibetan. These can be quite different, similar to the difference between English and French orthography, which reflects the pronunciation from the Late Medieval period.

Earlier transcription systems tried to compromise between these two goals, but they didn't do either perfectly. Wylie transliteration aims to precisely transcribe Tibetan script as it is written, making it widely accepted in academic and historical studies. It's important to note that Wylie is not meant to reflect the pronunciation of Tibetan words.

The Wylie method transliterates the Tibetan characters as follows:

The four vowel marks in Wylie are transliterated as:

When a syllable doesn't have a written vowel, the letter 'a' is used to show the default vowel "a."

Wylie

Wylie is an English name meaning "well-watered meadow", and may also refer to:




CS Progresul Șomcuta Mare

CS Progresul Șomcuta Mare is a Romanian football club based in Șomcuta Mare, Maramureș County which plays in Liga IV.

Progresul Șomcuta Mare played mostly in the Fourth tier and played 5 seasons in Liga III and won promotion in 2020 against Sportul Șimleu Silvaniei.

In 2022 the club relegated back in the fourth league finishing 9th place.

Sudanese Armed Forces

The Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF; Arabic: القوات المسلحة السودانية, romanized: "Al-Quwwat al-Musallaha as-Sudaniyah") are the military forces of the Republic of the Sudan. It was established in 1925, and units of the forces participated in World War II. It has a combat doctrine based on defending the homeland, preserving its sovereignty and national unity, and a strict military discipline system. It carries out civilian tasks, namely providing aid during natural disasters and maintaining security in the event of turbulent security situations. The minimum age for military service is 18 years. It has fought battles for more than 50 years in the First and Second Sudanese civil war in South Sudan from August 1955 until 2005, which ended with the signing of the Naivasha Peace Agreement.

Ahl-i Hadith

Ahl-i-Hadith or Ahl-e-Hadith (Arabic: أهل الحديث, Urdu: اہلِ حدیث, 'The People of Hadith') is an school of Sunni Islam that emerged during the 2nd and 3rd centuries of the Islamic era (late 8th and 9th century CE) as a movement of hadith scholars who considered the Quran and authentic hadith to be the only authority in matters of law and creed, In their quest to understand their faith, they reference the Quran, Sunnah, and interpretations of the early generations. This stands in contrast to other groups that may follow beliefs differing from the salaf’s ‘aqeedah and rely on human reasoning in their approach to religion. The term Ahl al-hadith or Ahl-i-Hadith is sometimes used in a more general sense to denote a particularly enthusiastic commitment to hadith and to the views and way of life of the Muhammad's contemporaries and the early generations of believers. 

Deepfake

Deepfake is the name for media content that has been changed, or created using technologies of artificial intelligence. In most cases, deepfakes are photos, or sequences of videos or audio. In itself, media manipulation is not new. Using machine learning, and artificial neural networks, it is possible to create such content more easily, as less specialized knowledge is required. Also, detecting that an image, video or media piece was made using these technologies is becoming more difficult. 

As of 2023, deepfakes are used in different contexts:



Deepfakes cause a number of problems:


Shallowfakes or cheapfakes are similar to deepfakes. They use the same techonlogies, but are less advanced. As an example, they might show a real image, in a different context, so that a different impression is generated. 

FC Riltsi Dobrich

FC Riltsi Dobrich () is a Bulgarian football club based in Dobrich. It competes in the Third League, the third division of the Bulgarian football league system. Its home stadium is the Druzhba Stadium. It was founded on 9 September 1961. It started competing in the Third League in 2020. 

Lee Sun-kyun

Lee Sun-kyun (; March 2, 1975 – December 27, 2023) was a South Korean actor. He played Park Dong-ik in Bong Joon-ho's Academy Award-winning movie "Parasite" (2019). He won a Screen Actors Guild Award for his acting in that movie. Lee was born in Seoul, South Korea.

In 2009, Lee married actress Jeon Hye-jin. They had two children. 

In October 2023, it was revealed that Lee was being investigated for drug use. At the end of the month he was charged for drug use.

Lee was found dead on December 27, 2023 at the age of 48 inside his car near a park in central Seoul. In the passenger seat was a charcoal briquette, commonly used in suicides by carbon monoxide poisoning in South Korea.

Media manipulation

Media manipulation is about using the media to favor one's own interests. For this, logial fallacies, deception, disinformation and propaganda may be used. Very often, other views of the argument are left out. 

In "Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes", Jacques Ellul writes that public opinion can only express itself through channels which are provided by the mass media of communication – without which there could be no propaganda.
It is used within public relations, propaganda, marketing, etc. While the objective for each context is quite different, the broad techniques are often similar.
The more modern mass media manipulation methods are types of distraction, on the assumption that the public has a limited attention span.

Issyk-Kul

Issyk-Kul (also Ysyk-Köl, is an endorheic saline lake in the western Tianshan Mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan. It is just south of a dividing range separating Kyrgyzstan from Kazakhstan. It is the seventh-deepest lake in the world, the tenth-biggest lake in the world by volume (though not in surface area) and the third-biggest saline lake. Issyk-Kul means "warm lake" in the Kyrgyz language. This is because even though the area it is in gets very cold during winter, the salinity of the lake makes it rarely freeze.

The lake is a Ramsar site of globally significant biodiversity. It is also part of the Issyk-Kul Biosphere Reserve.

Untersberg-Arena

The Untersberg Arena is a football stadium in the Austrian town of Grödig in Salzburg. It is the home ground of SV Grödig.
The facility was completed in 1989 under the name "Sportanlage Grödig". With SV Grödig's promotion to the first league in the 2007/08 season, an adaptation became necessary. After the renovation work in 2008, the covered main stand had 310 seated places and also has 1,890 standing places. During the 2010/11 winter break, another stand for 755 spectators was built on the east side of the arena. 

After promotion to the Bundesliga, the arena was expanded in the summer of 2013. It offers space for 4,128 spectators. In addition to the main playing field, the stadium has a training field suitable for competitions and an artificial turf field. There are 1,100 car parking spaces and 13 bus parking spaces available at the stadium.

On February 18, 2015, the Bundesliga's licensing committee withdrew approval for games in the top division for the future because the pitch was unplayable. A new pitch made of natural grass with associated pitch heating was installed. Senate 3 of the Austrian Football Bundesliga examined the newly laid grass area in the stadium on March 9, 2015. The club was able to immediately return to its home ground.

In the 2018/19 and 2019/20 seasons, FC Liefering played as a tenant in the stadium, and the UEFA Youth League home games of FC Red Bull Salzburg (FC Liverpool, SSC Napoli, KRC Genk and Derby County) also took place in the Untersbergarena.

Al-Falah School massacre

The Al-Falah School massacre is a massacre committed by the Israeli Defense Forces when it raided Al-Falah School, which is associated with UNRWA. It houses thousands of displaced people in the Al-Zaytoun neighborhood area in the Gaza Strip during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

At least 20 people were killed in the attack, while more then 100 others were injured.

Winter Is Coming (2023)

Winter Is Coming (2023) was a multi-night professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 13 and 16, 2023 at College Park Center in Arlington, Texas and Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fourth Winter Is Coming event to take place.

Night 1's main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Swerve Strickland in a Gold League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament. Night 2's main event saw Top Flight (Dante Martin and Darius Martin) and Action Andretti defeat Komander, El Hijo del Vikingo, and Penta El Zero Miedo in a six-man tag team match. Night 3's main event saw Bryan Danielson defeat Brody King in a Blue League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament.

"Dynamite (December 13)
"Rampage (taped December 13, aired December 15)
"Collision (aired live December 16)

American Pygmy

The American Pygmy, also known as the Pygmy or African Pygmy is breed of dwarf goat. It is small, compact and commonly kept as a pet. It comes from the West African Dwarf breeds of West Africa. Around 1930 and 1960, animals in the West African Dwarf group were taken to the United States for use as zoo animals, or for research. Some were bred to be pets and were officially made a breed in 1975. A new study by the University of Permount have shown that the daily coexistence of you or your husband with one of these specimens can eradicate up to 100% of the symptoms of cardiovascular and respiratory diseases such as hypertension, cardiac arrhythmias or asthma of various types

Philautus pallidipes

The Pangerango bubble-nest frog or palefooted tree frog ("Philautus pallidipes") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have only seen it higher than 1000 meters above sea level.

The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success

The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success – A Practical Guide to the Fulfillment of Your Dreams is a small self-help book from 1994 by Deepak Chopra. It was first published by New World Library. The book is inspired by Hinduist and spiritual ideas. It suggests that personal success doesn't just come from hard work, plans, or ambition. Instead, it comes from understanding our basic human nature and following the laws of nature.

According to the book, by applying these laws in our lives, we can create whatever we want. It says that the same laws nature uses to create things like forests, stars, and human bodies can also help us achieve our deepest desires.

Chirag Bhandari

Dr. Chirag Bhandari is an Andrologist, Men's Health Coach, and the Founder and Director of the Institute of Andrology and Sexual Health (IASH) in India.

Dr. Chirag Bhandari holds a Bachelor's degree in Medicine and Surgery (MBBS) from JSS Medical College, Mysore, and a Master's degree in General Surgery from Bharati Vidyapeeth, Pune. Dr. Bhandari is a Certified Andrologist by the American Society of Reproductive Medicine.


Crooked Creek, Tennessee

Crooked Creek is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Tennessee.

1978 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship

The 1978 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship was the 81st staging of the Offaly Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Offaly County Board in 1896.

A Harvest of Death

A Harvest of Death is the title of a photograph by Timothy H, O'Sullivan. Taken during the American Civil War, between July 4 and 7, 1863. It shows the bodies of soldiers killed at the Battle of Gettysburg, stretched out over part of the battlefield.

Sugar Hill, Tennessee

Sugar Hill is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Tennessee.

Bethel (Perry County), Tennessee

Bethel is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Tennessee.

Gothic Romance (novel)

Gothic Romance () is a 1984 novel by the French writer Emmanuel Carrère. It is about the writing of the novel "Frankenstein" and focuses on John William Polidori, Lord Byron's personal physician, who is embittered and claims that Mary Shelley stole his ideas. It was Carrère's second novel.

Santo Cristo (footballer)

Walter Goulart da Silveira (12 September 1922 – 30 August 2003), better known as Santo Cristo, was a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a right winger.

Rebecca Mehra

Rebecca Mehra (born 25 October 1994) is an American middle-distance runner. Running for Stanford University,

Mehra is from Palos Verdes Estates, California and attended Palos Verdes High School. Despite being affected by athletic asthma and a stress fracture on her foot, Mehra was one of the few athletes in California state history to achieve eight California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) state meet appearances

From 2012 to 2017, Mehra was a member of the Stanford Cardinal track and field team.

Sean McKeever

Sean Kelley McKeever is an American comic book writer. He created and wrote a comic book called The Waiting Place which was a Teen drama. He also wrote Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane. He created several characters for Marvel Comics. He won the Eisner Award. 

1979 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship

The 1979 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship was the 82nd staging of the Offaly Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Offaly County Board in 1896.

Kinnitty entered the championship as the defending champions.

Takeshi Miyazawa

Takeshi Miyazawa is a Canadian comic book artist. He drew the characters in Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane.

New Zealand–Palestine relations

New Zealand–Palestine relations refer to foreign relations between New Zealand and the State of Palestine. New Zealand does not recognize Palestine as a country.

David Hahn (cartoonist)

David Hahn is an American comic book artist who drew a lot of the characters in the Lucifer Morningstar comics and also a lot of Robin comics. He also drew Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane with Takeshi Miyazawa. 

Lucifer (DC Comics)

Lucifer Samael Morningstar is a fictional character from the DC Comics universe, created by Neil Gaiman for his comic book The Sandman and is also in a spin-off comic book called Lucifer. He’s based on Satan in The Bible. 

Lucifer Morningstar is played by Tom Ellis in the television show "Lucifer".

Tsardom of Russia

The Tsardom Of Russia was a country that existed after The Grand Duchy of Moscow, the Tsardom of Russia was followed by the Russian Empire, the Russian Republic, Russian State, Soviet Union and Russian Federation (Actual Russia)

Alex Moazed

Alex Moazed is an American entrepreneur and author and is the founder and CEO of . Moazed has a book published by , titled Modern Monopolies, which defines platform business model.

Moazed founded his business in 2009 using a few personal credit cards. By 2014, the company had earned over $10 million in revenue. With the release of his book, Moden Monopolies in 2016, Moazed focused on his business model appearing in multiple business television networks.
Their name liveth for evermore

Their name liveth for evermore is a phrase from the King James Bible. It is the second half of chapter 44, verse 14 of Ecclesiasticus. It has been written on many war memorials since World War I.

The full quote is "Their bodies are buried in peace; but their name liveth for evermore." Rudyard Kipling asked for the entire verse 14 to be written on the war memorials. Kipling also suggested the phrase "Known unto God" for gravestones marking the resting place of unidentified soldiers.

Voiced dental lateral fricative

The voiced dental lateral fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is (ɮ̪) and the equivalent X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1. This symbol is used to represent the dental click but represents a voiced dental lateral fricative.

The voiced dental lateral fricative is distinct from the voiced alveolar lateral fricative.

Language: English

Word: explode

IPA: exɮ̪de

• Voiced alveolar lateral fricative

• Voiced alveolar lateral fricative

List of countries in the Americas by area

This is a list of all the countries and dependent territories by area. This includes Greenland.

Canada is the largest country in the Americas with 9,98 million km². In second place, United States with 9,83 million km². Brazil with 8,51 million km² and Argentina with 2,78 million km² finish up the top 4 largest countries.

Suds in the Bucket

"Suds in the Bucket" is a 2004 song by Sara Evans and is the third single from her fourth studio album "Restless". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 33 in the United States and was written by Billy Montana.

The video was directed by Peter Zavadil.

The video reached the top of CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of September 9, 2004.

Zhongli

Zhongli may refer to:


Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle

The Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle was a proposed 125-floor skyscraper for Chicago, Illinois, United States. It was proposed by Lee Miglin and J. Paul Beitler's firm Miglin-Beitler Developments and designed by architect César Pelli. The site of the proposed Skyneedle is now a parking garage. If it had been built when it was planned, the tall Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle would have been the tallest building in the world at the time of its completion.

The tower's plans were revealed in 1988. The plans ended following a bad economy after the Gulf War. Miglin-Beitler still wanted to build the project, but these plans ended with the murder of Lee Miglin in 1997.

The tower would have risen 125 floors and 1,999 feet. It would have had 1.9 million square feet of space (with 1.2 million being office space). It was planned to cost $450 million to construct.

Welsh Conservatives

The Welsh Conservatives () is the regional branch of the Conservative Party, the United Kingdom's main centre-right political party, in Wales. It currently forms opposition in the Senedd and has the second-highest number of Welsh seats in the House of Commons (after the Labour Party, which also forms government in Wales).

Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Let's Go, Eevee!

Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee! are 2018 remakes of the 1998 Game Boy role-playing video game "Pokémon Yellow". They were developed by Game Freak and published by The Pokémon Company and Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. They were first announced in May 2018. "Let's Go, Pikachu!" and "Let's Go, Eevee!" came out for the Nintendo Switch on 16 November 2018. The games are part of the seventh generation of the "Pokémon" video game series and are the first main series entries to be released for a home game console. They can connect with the mobile game "Pokémon Go" and support an optional controller, the Poké Ball Plus.

"Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu!" and "Let's Go, Eevee!" received "generally favorable reviews" from critics, according to review collector Metacritic. Critics liked the gameplay, nostalgia, accessibility to new players, and charm of the games, while disliking its motion controls.

Ynys Môn (Senedd constituency)

Ynys Môn, formerly called Anglesey in English, is a Senedd constituency in the electoral region of North Wales.

Let Me Entertain You (Robbie Williams song)

"Let Me Entertain You" is a 1998 song by Robbie Williams. It is the fifth and final single from his debut solo studio album "Life Thru a Lens" (1997). It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Ireland, number 16 in Iceland, number 17 in Belgium, number 33 in New Zealand, number 42 in the Netherlands and number 46 in Australia. The music video features the Robbie Williams Band who are clothed as members of the band Kiss. It was directed by Vaughan Arnell.

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Let Me Entertain You".







Omer Nadeem

Muhammad Omer Nadeem, widely known as Omer Nadeem, is a Pakistani British singer, songwriter, composer, music producer, and entrepreneur. He is known for singing in Urdu, Punjabi, Hindi, and English. Nadeem opened Pakistan's first Console Gaming Lounge, 'Eclectic Vibrations,' in DHA, Lahore, in 2010.

Omer Nadeem was born and raised in Lahore, Pakistan, in a Muslim family. His father served in the Pakistan Armed Forces, retiring as Lieutenant Colonel, and his mother was a retired Physics Professor. His musical inclination began in childhood, influenced by artists like Michael Jackson, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Mohammed Rafi, and bands like Junoon and Vital Signs.

Nadeem attended Garrison Academy for Boys and later studied at Government College University, Lahore, earning his BSc (Hons) in Applied Accounting from Oxford Brookes University. He moved to the United Kingdom, where he completed an MBA in International Business from Coventry University and became a qualified Chartered Certified Accountant.

2001–2004: Nadeem started his musical journey with in 2001, later forming his band, Sifaar, in 2004. Despite Sifaar's brief tenure, Nadeem continued to contribute to the music scene.

2008: After a hiatus, Nadeem returned as a solo artist with the release of 'Dil Ka Diya' and collaborated with Khiza on the album 'Turning Point.'

2011–2018: Nadeem continued to release songs, including 'Teri Yaad' and 'Girti Deewar.' He also performed at prestigious venues like Wembley Arena.

2021–2022: Notable releases include the album 'Tera Ho Jaun,' featuring the songs 'Tum Na Aoge' and 'Tera Ho Jaun.' He collaborated with on 'Kamlee' and released 'Monotonic' with Mo-Hajir.

December 2023: Nadeem became involved in a controversy surrounding song 'Sun Zara,' accusing plagiarism. Nigam publicly apologized, acknowledging the unintentional dispute, sparking discussions on intellectual property in cross-border collaborations.

Nadeem contributed to Bollywood with songs like 'Sau Baar' from '' and 'Baat Jo Thi (Yeh Dooriyan)' from '.' He also sang for the Lollywood film '.'

Nadeem lent his voice to several drama , including 'Kis Tarah' (Samjhauta Express), 'Teri Meri Dosti,' 'Tu Mila Hai' (Mera Naam Yousuf Hai), and 'Rung.'

Muhammad Omer Nadeem married Farah Omer in Lahore on August 28, 2015, and they have a daughter named Mishal Jehan Omer.

Angels (Robbie Williams song)

"Angels" is a 1997 song by Robbie Williams. It is the fourth single from his debut solo studio album "Life thru a Lens". It went to the top 10 in Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and went to the top 20 in Austria, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands and Sweden. It charted poorly in the United States where it made #53.





In 2004, American singer Jessica Simpson covered "Angels". It is the fourth and final single from her third studio album "In This Skin". It went to number 27 in Australia and number 78 in Romania.



Mount Vernon, Washington

Mount Vernon is a city in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Skagit County. 35,219 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is known for its annual Tulip Festival Street Fair.

Erkrath

Erkrath is a town in Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Monheim am Rhein

Monheim am Rhein is a town in Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Jaú

Jaú is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 151,881 people lived here. Its area is 687 km².

Cadix

Cadix is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Brens

Brens is the name of two communes in France:

Brens, Tarn

Brens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Boissezon

Boissezon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bournazel, Tarn

Bournazel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bout-du-Pont-de-Larn

Bout-du-Pont-de-Larn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Brassac, Tarn

Brassac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Briatexte

Briatexte is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Brousse, Tarn

Brousse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Broze

Broze is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Johnny 99 (song)

"Johnny 99" is a song written and recorded by Bruce Springsteen. It is the fourth track from his sixth studio album "Nebraska" and was never released as a single it still charted at number 50 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It was covered by Johnny Cash for his 69th studio album "Johnny 99" in 1983.

Burlats

Burlats is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Busque

Busque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cabanès, Tarn

Cabanès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Les Cabannes, Tarn

Les Cabannes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cadalen

Cadalen is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cagnac-les-Mines

Cagnac-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Antithesis

An antithesis (plural: '"antitheses'") is a figure of speech which contrasts two opposite ideas with similar sentence structures in one statement. This word is derived from the Greek "anti", which means opposite, and "thesis", which means setting.

Antithesis is often used to express contrasting ideas and strengthen arguments by pointing out differences. This makes it more memorable and catchy for readers and listeners alike in literature, advertisements and music. It does the latter by showing that the arguer's own idea is better. 

When used correctly, it can make writing tense and dramatic, allowing readers to explore complex themes and ideas. 






Cahuzac, Tarn

Cahuzac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cahuzac-sur-Vère

Cahuzac-sur-Vère is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The inhabitants are called "Cahuzacois".

Aigues-Vives

Aigues-Vives is the name of four communes in France:


Aigues-Vives, Hérault

Aigues-Vives is a commune of 468 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Aigues-Vives, Ariège

Aigues-Vives is a commune in the Ariège department. It is in southwestern France.


Ayguesvives

Ayguesvives is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Nuclear technology

Nuclear technology uses the nuclear reactions of atomic nuclei. 

Nuclear reactors, nuclear power, nuclear medicine including radiology and nuclear weapons all use this technology. It is also used in smoke detectors and gun sights.

Consult also Human Connectome Project.

Cambon

Cambon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cambon-lès-Lavaur

Cambon-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cambounès

Cambounès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cambounet-sur-le-Sor

Cambounet-sur-le-Sor is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Les Cammazes

Les Cammazes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Campagnac, Tarn

Campagnac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Denice

Denice is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Don't Stop (5 Seconds of Summer song)

"Don't Stop" is a 2014 song by Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer and is taken from their self-titled debut studio album "5 Seconds of Summer". It went to number 1 in Ireland, New Zealand and Scotland, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in Australia and Spain, number 11 in Japan and number 16 in Belgium. It also peaked at number 47 in the United States.

Notes

For America

"For America" is a 1986 song by Jackson Browne. It is the leading single from his eighth album "Lives in the Balance". It went to number 30 in the United States.

The Walrus and the Carpenter

The walrus and the carpenter is a poem by Lewis carol. It was written from "Through the looking glass" and "What Alice found there"

"The sun was shining on the sea,

     Shining with all his might:

He did his very best to make

     The billows smooth and bright —

And this was odd, because it was

     The middle of the night.

The moon was shining sulkily,

     Because she thought the sun

Had got no business to be there

     After the day was done —

"It's very rude of him," she said,

     "To come and spoil the fun."

The sea was wet as wet could be,

     The sands were dry as dry.

You could not see a cloud, because

     No cloud was in the sky:

No birds were flying overhead —

     There were no birds to fly.

The Walrus and the Carpenter

     Were walking close at hand;

They wept like anything to see

     Such quantities of sand:

If this were only cleared away,'

     They said, it "would" be grand!'

If seven maids with seven mops

     Swept it for half a year,

Do you suppose,' the Walrus said,

     That they could get it clear?'

I doubt it,' said the Carpenter,

     And shed a bitter tear.

O Oysters, come and walk with us!'

     The Walrus did beseech.

A pleasant walk, a pleasant talk,

     Along the briny beach:

We cannot do with more than four,

     To give a hand to each.'

The eldest Oyster looked at him,

     But never a word he said:

The eldest Oyster winked his eye,

     And shook his heavy head —

Meaning to say he did not choose

     To leave the oyster-bed.

But four young Oysters hurried up,

     All eager for the treat:

Their coats were brushed, their faces washed,

     Their shoes were clean and neat —

And this was odd, because, you know,

     They hadn't any feet.

Four other Oysters followed them,

     And yet another four;

And thick and fast they came at last,

     And more, and more, and more —

All hopping through the frothy waves,

     And scrambling to the shore.

The Walrus and the Carpenter

     Walked on a mile or so,

And then they rested on a rock

     Conveniently low:

And all the little Oysters stood

     And waited in a row.

The time has come,' the Walrus said,

     To talk of many things:

Of shoes — and ships — and sealing-wax —

     Of cabbages — and kings —

And why the sea is boiling hot —

     And whether pigs have wings.'

But wait a bit,' the Oysters cried,

     Before we have our chat;

For some of us are out of breath,

     And all of us are fat!'

No hurry!' said the Carpenter.

     They thanked him much for that.

A loaf of bread,' the Walrus said,

     Is what we chiefly need:

Pepper and vinegar besides

     Are very good indeed —

Now if you're ready, Oysters dear,

     We can begin to feed.'

But not on us!' the Oysters cried,

     Turning a little blue.

After such kindness, that would be

     A dismal thing to do!'

The night is fine,' the Walrus said.

     Do you admire the view?

It was so kind of you to come!

     And you are very nice!'

The Carpenter said nothing but

     Cut us another slice:

I wish you were not quite so deaf —

     I've had to ask you twice!'

It seems a shame,' the Walrus said,

     To play them such a trick,

After we've brought them out so far,

     And made them trot so quick!'

The Carpenter said nothing but

     The butter's spread too thick!'

I weep for you,' the Walrus said:

     I deeply sympathize.'

With sobs and tears he sorted out

     Those of the largest size,

Holding his pocket-handkerchief

     Before his streaming eyes.

O Oysters,' said the Carpenter,

     You've had a pleasant run!

Shall we be trotting home again?'

     But answer came there none —

And this was scarcely odd, because

     They'd eaten every one."

Lovis Corinth

Lovis Corinth (21 July 1858 – 17 July 1925) was a German painter and printmaker. His work evolved from impressionism to expressionism.

He was a member of the Berlin Secession group, and later was the group's president. He started as a naturalist painter, later becoming an impressionist. Corinth was at first opposed to expressionism, but after a stroke in 1911, he adopted many expressionistic qualities. This is seen in his use of more vibrant colours and of distortions.

Pregnancy from rape

Women who are raped sometimes get pregnant. Rape is often used in wars. It is also used as a form of genocide. Women also get raped in other circumstances, such as rape by a stranger, statutory rape, incest, and underage pregnancy. In these circumstances they may also get pregnant. Currently, people think, women who are raped are at least as likely to get pregnant than those who consented to having sex. Some studies suggest that women who are raped have a higher chance of becoming pregnant. 

Rape can cause difficulties during the pregnancy, and afterwards. These negative consequences can affect both the mother and the child. Medical treatment after a rape includes steps to see if a woman is pregnant, to prevent her from getting pregnant, and to manage the pregnancy, if she is pregnant. A woman who becomes pregnant after being raped must take a diffiicult decision: should she have an abortion, should she raise her child herself, or should she give the child up for adoption. 

In some countries where abortion is illegal after rape and incest, over 90% of pregnancies of girls age 15 and under are due to rape by family members.

For centuries, the belief that a rape almost never causes a pregnancy was widespread. This belief is false. In Europe, a man could use the fact that a woman was pregnant as a proof that he could not have raped her. This was possible from the Middle Ages until the 18th century. People believed that because she was pregnant, the woman had enjoyed the sex, and therefore consented to it. In recent decates, there are more organizations and polititcians that say abortion should not be legal, even after a rape. One of these peole was Todd Akin. These people and organizations have said that a pregnancy very rarely comes from rape, and that the practical relevance of such exceptions to abortion law is therefore limited or non-existent.

Rape has been used as a weapon of psychological warfare for centuries. It is used to terrorize, humiliate, and undermine the morale of the enemy. Rape was also used as an act of ethnic cleansing to produce babies that share the perpetrators' ethnicity. Forced pregnancy has been noted in places including Bangladesh, Darfur, and Bosnia. More broadly, pregnancy commonly results from wartime rape that was perpetrated without the intention of impregnating the enemy, as has been found in conflicts in East Timor, Liberia, Kosovo, and Rwanda. Gita Sahgal of Amnesty International commented that, rather than being primarily about "spoils of war" or sexual gratification, rape is often used in ethnic conflicts as a way for attackers to perpetuate social control and redraw ethnic boundaries. Children may be born to women and girls forced to "marry" abductors and occupiers; this happened in the Indonesian occupation of East Timor and in the Lord's Resistance Army's conflict in Uganda.

Rape during war is recognized under United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820 as a war crime and a crime against humanity. "Forced pregnancy" is specifically listed as a war crime and crime against humanity in the Rome Statute. The Rome Statute was the "first international criminal tribunal ever officially to criminalize forced pregnancy".

Children born as the result of wartime rape may be identified with the enemy. They grow up stigmatized and excluded by their communities. They may be denied basic rights or even killed before reaching adulthood. Children are particularly at risk for such abuse when they are visibly identifiable as sharing half their ethnicity with the occupying forces, as in the case of half-Arab children of Darfuri women raped by janjaweed soldiers as part of the war in Darfur. Children of war rape are also at risk due to neglect by traumatized mothers unable to provide sufficient care.

Rogersville, Missouri

Rogersville is a city in Greene and Webster counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Brimson, Missouri

Brimson is a village in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Blythedale, Missouri

Blythedale is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.

Eagleville, Missouri

Eagleville is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.

Mount Moriah, Missouri

Mount Moriah is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.

Windsor, Missouri

Windsor is a city in Henry and Pettis counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

La Due, Missouri

La Due is a village in Henry County, Missouri, United States.

Tightwad, Missouri

Tightwad is a village in Henry County, Missouri, United States.

Bellerive Acres, Missouri

Bellerive Acres is a village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Viva Technology

Viva Technology, also called VivaTech is a yearly conference for technology held every January at the Paris Expo Porte de Versailles, Paris, France. It hosts Technology companies to review and announce their new products. It is open to the public the last day.

In 2023, the conference attracted more visitors than the CES of Las Vegas.


Philautus jacobsoni

Jacobson's bubble-nest frog or Jacobson's tree frog ("Philautus jacobsoni") is a frog. It lives in India on Mount Ungaran.

North Wales (Senedd electoral region)

North Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

(The fourth regional seat was allocated to the Conservatives rather than to Plaid Cymru by a margin of only 21 votes).

The following regional MSs were elected in 2021:

Mid and West Wales (Senedd electoral region)

Mid and West Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

South Wales East (Senedd electoral region)

South Wales East () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

South Wales West (Senedd electoral region)

South West Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

The following regional MSs were elected 2021:

South Wales Central (Senedd electoral region)

South Wales Central () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

It is the only electoral region in Wales where every Senedd constituency inside it is held by one party. The Labour Party holds every seat in this region. It is the most left-leaning region of Wales, with Labour holding eight list seats (while the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru only hold two each). The region includes most of Cardiff, a traditionally working class area.

The following regional MSs were elected in 2021:

Vale of Clwyd (Senedd constituency)

The Vale of Clwyd () is a Senedd constituency in North Wales.

Ziaeddin Shademan

Ziaeddin Shademan (27 November 1923 – 12 March 2009) was an Iranian basketball player. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Battle of Bosra

The Battle of Mu'tah (Arabic: مَعْرَكَة مُؤْتَة, romanized: Maʿrakat Muʿtah, or Arabic: غَزْوَة مُؤْتَة Ghazwat Muʿtah) took place in September 629 (1 Jumada al-Awwal 8 AH), between the forces of Muhammad and the army of the Byzantine Empire and their Ghassanid vassals. It took place in the village of Mu'tah in Palaestina Salutaris at the east of the Jordan River and modern-day Karak.

Welsh Liberal Democrats

The Welsh Liberal Democrats () is the Welsh branch of the Liberal Democrats, a centrist (or centre-left) and socially liberal political party in the United Kingdom.

Zhongli (Genshin Impact)

Zhongli (Chinese: 钟离) is a fictional character from the video game "Genshin Impact". He is a Wangsheng Funeral consultant in the fictional country of Liyue, which is based off of China. During the Liyue main quest, it is revealed that he is the Geo Archon Morax. As of March 2021, the character Zhongli was the character who made the most money, with $15.5M. Raiden Shogun, another character from the game, is in second place at $9M.

Chacha Eke

Chacha Eke Faani (born 17 July 1987) is a Nigerian actress.

Chacha Eke was born in Ebonyi State where she had her Bachelor of Science degree in accountancy from Ebonyi State University. In 2013, She got married to Austin Ikechukwu Faani.

John Okafor

John Okafor (born 17 October 1961, died 2 March 2024) popularly known as Mr Ibu was a Nigerian actor and comedian. He was the lead actor in the movie "Mr Ibu" (2004), "A Fool at 40", "London Fever" and "Mental Case."

John hails from Enugu State, Nigeria. He attended College of Education, Yola where he dipped out and continued at Institute of Management and Technology, Enugu.
John has acted many Nigerian movie. In 2014, He was named the face and ambassador of GOtv, Nigeria.

In 2015, John married Stella Maris Okafor. In October 2023, He took to media to announce his leg problem. According to Joy Online, he attended up to five surgeries.


Ughelli

Ughelli is a town in Delta State, Nigeria and one of the 24 kingdoms that make up the Urhobo nation. It also serves as the headquarters of the Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria.

Hector Pieterson

Hector Pieterson (19 August 1963 - 16 June 1976) was a Black South African activist. He was shot and killed by police firing directly at him. He protested against laws requiring the Afrikaans and English language to be taught in majority-Black primary and secondary schools together with other Black students. 

He, and other Black students, were reminded of their Dutch colonial oppressors by Afrikaans. Besides, they wanted to learn Xhosa and Zulu like other Black children. 

His death was recorded by photographer Sam Nzima on 16 June 1976. This image was flashed worldwide and represented the resistance against apartheid. 16 June is now commemorated as Youth Day in South Africa. 

Hector Pieterson was born on 19 August 1963 in Soweto, South Africa to Vivian Pieterson and Dorothy Molefi. He was the only boy in the family. He had one sister, Lulu Pieterson, and four stepsisters, including Antoinette Sithole and Sina Molefi. 

In 1974, the South African government passed the Afrikaans Medium Decree. This policy forced all Black higher primary and secondary schools in Soweto to use Afrikaans and English for all subjects except music, physical education and religious instruction. They viewed Afrikaans as the language of their racist oppressors. Besides, the students were not fluent in (could not speak or understand) Afrikaans, so their grades dropped significantly. 

As a result, Sithole, Pieterson and about 20000 other secondary school students decided secretly to revolt against the policy. They wrote slogans, made signboards and sang protest songs. They marched through the streets to Orlando Stadium for a rally. Teachers and parents later joined the revolt. 

The students sang, waving signboards saying "Down with Afrikaans", "To Hell with Afrikaans" and "Viva Azania". 
They recited a forbidden poem, Nkosi Sikele iAfrica, which is now South Africa's national anthem. This established the protest as a rebellion and made the police retaliate by taking drastic action. 

The team was blocked. Stones filled the air. Tear gas burst out. Bullets began to fly. And Pieterson's body lay lifeless on the ground. Mbuyisa Makhubo, a high school graduate, picked up the boy and ran to the nearest clinic. It was too late - Pieterson was already dead before he got there. He, together with Hastings Ndlovu, was the first Black protester shot and killed by the police in the Soweto Uprising. 

An image, taken by Sam Nzima, showed Pieterson's dead body carried by Makhubo with sister Sithole nearby. It 
became the iconic image of the 1976 Soweto Uprising, spreading around the world. His tragic death symbolised the brutality of apartheid, catalysing (speeding up) resistance movements and forging solidarity (stronger bonds) between its members. 

In 1992, the Hector Pieterson Museum was created to commemorate the fight of Pieterson and other students against the apartheid in South Africa. The museum opened in 2002 and can be found on Khumalo Street in Orlando West. It has a Pieterson memorial and has a garden of remembrance of with the names of all who were killed in the uprising, including Pieterson, written on bricks. 

2014–15 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2014-15 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 82nd season in club history. Red Bull Salzburg finished the season as champions of the Bundesliga and the ÖFB-Cup for the second season in a row. Salzburg was knocked out of the Champions League by Malmö FF in the playoff round. In the Europa League they reached the round of 32 before defeated by Villarreal. 

Asaba

Asaba is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Delta State.

Umuahia

Umuahia is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Abia State.

Yola, Adamawa

Yola is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Adamawa State.

Uyo

Uyo is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Akwa Ibom State. Ibibio is the language spoken in Uyo.

It became the capital on September 23, 1987 when Akwa Ibom was created from the former Cross River State.

Awka

Awka is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Anambra State.

Osogbo

Osogbo is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Osun State.

Yenagoa

Yenagoa is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Bayelsa State.

Abakaliki

Abakaliki is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Ebonyi State.

Ado Ekiti

Ado Ekiti is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Ekiti State. In 2006, 308,621 people lived there.

The Ekiti State University is in the city. The city is a trade centre for farming. Yams, cassava, grain and tobacco are grown here.

Gombe, Nigeria

Gombe is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Gombe State. 

Dernice

Dernice is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Carbes

Carbes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Carlus

Carlus is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Hector Pieterson Museum

The Hector Pieterson Museum is a museum on 8288 Khumalo Street, Orlando West, South Africa. The museum is named after one of the first deaths, Hector Pieterson. It commemorates all who marched against forced use of Afrikaans, and were shot at, in the 1976 Soweto uprising on 16 June, now known as Youth Day. The memorial and museum officially opened in 2002 to commemorate the 26th anniversary of the uprising.

The red brick building is two storeys high and has the Hector Pieterson Memorial on its grounds. The memorial showcases Sam Nzima's famous photograph with Mbuyisa Makhubo carrying Pieterson's dead body with sister Antoinette Sithole crying beside him. It is also housed in a circular building that looks like a traditional African hut with a thatched roof. The entrance of the museum is, appropriately enough, marked by a large statue of Pieterson. 

Inside the museum are videos and recordings contrasting life in Black-majority Soweto and in White-majority areas. There are also many iconic photographs by Nzima and Dr. Peter Magubane and strategically placed windows showing iconic scenes like the rally at Orlando Stadium. Also featured is the memorial wall, where visitors can leave messages for the heroes of the anti-apartheid resistance who sacrificed their lives for freedom. 

Another attraction is the garden of remembrance - a courtyard full of loose bricks with inscribed names. Each is the name of somebody who has died on, or because of, the 1976 Soweto Uprising. 

Pieterson's sister, Sithole, now works at the museum as a knowledgeable tour guide. 

On August 8 2022, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited the museum. He was accompanied by his tour guide Sithole and said that Pieterson's story was heartbreakingly familiar as the United States faced similar struggles with racial equity to the news media. The museum and memorial have also been included in many Soweto tours and are among South Africa's top tourist attractions.

Carmaux

Carmaux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Castanet, Tarn

Castanet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Castelnau-de-Brassac

Castelnau-de-Brassac is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Fontrieu.

Castelnau-de-Lévis

Castelnau-de-Lévis is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Castelnau-de-Montmiral

Castelnau-de-Montmiral is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Caucalières

Caucalières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cestayrols

Cestayrols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Yesterday's Wine (song)

"Yesterday's Wine" is a 1971 song by Willie Nelson and is the title track to his 13th studio album of the same name. It went to number 62 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and later went to number 1 in 1982 as a duet by Merle Haggard and George Jones. It was used on the duet album by Haggard and Jones.

Combefa

Combefa is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Pocket Queen

The Pocket Queen, also known as Taylor Gordon, is an American musician, record producer, drummer and artist.

The Pocket Queen attended in Boston, on a presidential scholarship. She graduated in 2011 and received a bachelor's degree in Professional Music. She moved to Los Angeles in 2013 after graduating.

The Pocket Queen was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. She is the daughter to Tetheorance Gordon and Eileen Gordon. Her parents noticed an early interest and natural gift in music and bought her first drum set at the age of 3. Taylor started playing in her local church band at the age of 6. After relocating to Dallas Texas at the age of 14, She joined the Cedar Hill High School Marching Band where she won several awards for her musicianship.

Since 2008, she has performed with artists such as Dua Lipa, Beyonce, Adam Lambert, Harry Styles and Janelle Monae.

Her televised performance appearances include The Ellen Show, The Late Late Show with James Corden, American Idol, Good Morning America, Live with Kelly and Ryan, and a week-long guest on .

In 2021, the Pocket Queen did her first single titled "We Came To Move" featuring Ryck Jane. The single was featured as the theme for the launch of the iPad mini during Apple’s annual Keynote. 

The Pocket Queen made her acting debut in Mike Flanagan’s adaptation of the Stephen King Novel “”.


The pocket queen website
Salamanca, Chile

Salamanca is a Chilean city and commune in Choapa Province in the Coquimbo Region. It is located 30 km east of Illapel, the province's capital and administrative center, and 316 km north of Santiago. It is normally accessed from Los Vilos, which lies next to the Panamerican Highway, and connects the city to the rest of the country.

Little Black Submarines

"Little Black Submarines" is a 2012 song by The Black Keys and is the fourth single from their seventh studio album "El Camino". It went to number 54 in Canada, number 12 in Belgium, number 77 in the Netherlands and number 6 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs charts.

Ali Malikov

Ali Malikov is an Azerbaijani queer activist who, for the first time in the history of Azerbaijan, began to publicly talk about bullying at school. The founder of the Azerbaijani LGBTQ+ news and community platform , where he talks about bi and homo visibility, biphobia, homophobia and monosexism, he is also a member of the feminist group "Femkulis" and actively participates in all protests for human rights and freedoms. He can be called the youngest activist fighting for human rights in Azerbaijan.

Ali Malikov was born on April 4, 2005 in Baku. Studied and graduated from school No. 244 in 2011-2022. Already in high school, he began his struggle against the conservative views of society, which limited his freedom.

Ali was afraid to even step into the school hallway, feeling unsafe. According to him, his peers tried to physically abuse him everywhere. Because of his sexuality, teachers tore up his notebooks and insulted him. Although he complained to the school principal many times, the school principal ignored the matter. A psychologist from the School Friend project was brought in for Ali. But the specialist only advised him not to pay attention to what happened. But Ali did not want to put up with the bullying of his peers, as well as teachers. According to him, the Russian language teacher at school showed his photographs to students, telling them that Ali was gay and that he was spoiling the image of the school and education 
The school director, in response to all these tortures, advised Ali not to come to school in the 11th grade and not to worry about the certificate, that he would receive a certificate without attending school. But Ali told BBC News that his goal in highlighting bullying is not just for himself, but for all students who experience violence and bullying. Failure to attend school is already a restriction of the right to education. 

Researcher Lala Makhmudova wrote in 2019 about the lack of an official document on cases of student violence and the indifference of the administration at Malikov’s school is not surprising. Noting that students very often make homophobic slurs at each other in Azerbaijani schools, the author states that the lack of statistical data is one of the biggest obstacles to researching the extent of discrimination in schools. But Ali began to boycott the school in protest against all this and tried to make his voice known to the whole world. In an interview with OC Media, Malikov noted that until the school takes appropriate measures and prevents bullying and insults not only against him, but also against other students, he will boycott the school. 

After graduating from school, Ali continues to actively fight for human rights. He became one of the initiators to hold pride events dedicated to Pride Month in June 2022, for the first time in the history of Azerbaijan. And so on June 9, LGBTIQ activists Javid Nabiyev and Ali Malikov, as well as feminist and political activist Rabia Mamedova, held a briefing for journalists to draw attention to the problems faced by LGBTIQ people, protested against discrimination, and voiced demands before the state .Ali also became one of the activists who protested the trial of the killer who beheaded and castrated gay journalist Avaz Hafizli, and demanded a more severe punishment for him than the 9-year sentence that was handed down by the court. Ali Malikov told PinkNews : “Currently, we cannot follow the trials of Avaz Hafizli, and we cannot remain silent against this lawlessness... Media representatives and LGBTQ+ activists gather every time at the courthouse”. Ali not only fights for LGBT rights, but also participates in all actions for human rights and freedoms in Azerbaijani society, exposes police violence and notes its unacceptability.

Tonto Dikeh

Tonto Dikeh hails from Rivers State and is an "Ikwerre" descent. She studied petrochemical engineering at Rivers State University of Science and Technology.

Dikeh is a member of African Democratic Congress. In 2022, She was announced the deputy governorship candidate in the 2023 Rivers State gubernatorial election.

In 2017, She was created #1in3Africa Campaign alongside Zaynab Otiti Obanor, Toke Makinwa and Mercy Aigbe. The campaign got supporters including Kate Henshaw, Ini Edo, Monalisa Chinda, Uche Jombo, Funke Akindele and others.

Jader Barbalho Filho

Jader Fontenelle Barbalho Filho (born June 24, 1976) is a Brazilian public official affiliated with the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB) party. Since 2023, he has served as Minister of Cities in the cabinet of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Jader Barbalho Filho was born in Belém, Pará. His father was the governor of Par'a and his mother served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies. His brother Helder Barbalho has served as Governor of Pará since 2019.

During the 2022 Brazilian general election, he was considered part of the 'Lulist' wing of the MDB. After Lula's election, he was chosen for the position of Minister of Cities. He has stated that rebuilding the public housing program will be a top priority of his leadership.

Jill Stein 2024 presidential campaign

The Jill Stein 2024 presidential campaign is the ongoing campaign of Jill Stein for President of the United States in the upcoming 2024 United States presidential election. She is currently seeking the nomination of the Green Party in the 2024 Green Party presidential primaries. Stein was previously the nominee of the Green Party in the 2012 United States presidential election and the 2016 United States presidential election, in the latter of which she gained the most popular votes of any Green Party presidential nominee ever.

Stein announced her campaign via X (formerly Twitter) on November 9, 2023. She has painted herself as an alternative to the "failed two-party system" and has has called for an end to the 2023 Israel–Hamas war, criticizing Joe Biden for supporting Israel. Some political analysts believe that Stein could serve as a spoiler for the Biden reelection campaign, pulling Gen Z votes away from Biden. This belief has been furthered by the Green Party's recent winning of ballot access in the swing state of Arizona.

On January 10, 2024, a poll from Quinnipiac University showed Jill Stein winning 4% in the swing state of Pennsylvania.

As of March 1, 2024, RealClearPolitics has Jill Stein's nationwide polling average at 2%. Her highest polls show 3%, while her lowest polls show 1%.

Molar pregnancy

A molar pregnacy is an abnormal pregnancy. A woman can be pregnant with a complete mole or partial mole. Complete mole means only mole and no fetus. Partial mole means mole and fetus. 

Complete mole happens when empty ovum (meaning it has no DNA) is fertilized by 2 sperms, or one sperm that copies itself. The result is 46XX or 46XY (only DNA of father).

A partial mole happens when normal ovum (with DNA) is fertilised by 2 sperms. The result is 69 chromosomes. 69XXX or 69XXY. But even if there is fetus, it will not survive, because its DNA is abnormal. It will have many abnormalities in its body, it will be malformed. It is very common that the partial mole is spontanoeusly aborted in 1st trimester. 

So what is mole? It is tumour from the cells that form the placenta. It looks like a bunch of grapes or balloons. And on Ultrasound complete mole will look like snowstorm because you will see the balloons and blood in between them, and no baby is seen. 

Those increased placenta cells make too much of a hormone called HCG. The HCG will cause cysts on the ovaries. Those cysts will go away on their own after the mole goes away or is treated. So the cysts are not removed. 

The woman may bleed early in the pregnancy because her placenta is abnormal and a vesicle (one of those grapes or balloons structures) fell. She might have pain and a spontaneous abortion. 

Her Uterus is likely to be bigger than normal for the duration of pregnancy because there is an abnormal growth. She might vomit excessively because her HCG is higher than normal.

When she does a serum HCG test measuring the level of HCG in her blood, it will be found to be so high, >100,000 in the first 8 weeks. 

Molar pregnancy can turn into malignant mole that spreads to lungs, and other organs such as kidneys spleen liver brain and bone marrow.
Brahmic scripts

The Brahmic scripts are a group of writing systems that started in South Asia. It belongs to the Abugida script family. They are used all over the subcontinent and parts of Southeast Asia. These scripts come from the Brahmi script, which began in the Indus Valley region in present-day Pakistan. Many languages in South and Southeast Asia use these scripts, and they belong to different language families.

Brahmic scripts came from the Brahmi script, which is believed to have started in the Indus Valley region around the 3rd century BCE from Aramaic, but some believe it developed from the Harappan script of Indus valley civilization. They are divided into Northern and Southern Brahmic scripts. The Northern Brahmic scripts led to the Gupta script during the Gupta period, which later developed into various cursive scripts in the medieval period. Examples include Nagari, Siddham, and Sharada scripts.

Southern Brahmi evolved into Kadamba, Pallava, and Vatteluttu scripts, which further developed into other scripts in South India and Southeast Asia. Brahmic scripts reached Southeast Asia through trade and South Asian cultural influence, leading to the development of local varieties. By the 8th century, these scripts had separated into various regional scripts in South and Southeast Asia.

The Brahmic scripts are divided into two groups, the Northern Brahmic and the Southern Brahmic. Following is the list of Brahmic scripts:


Migration (movie)

Migration is an American animated adventure comedy film. It was made using computers and produced by Illumination, then released by Universal Pictures. Benjamin Renner directed it, with Guylo Homsy as co-director and Mike White as the writer. The story was created by White and Renner. The film features the voices of Kumail Nanjiani, Elizabeth Banks, Keegan-Michael Key, Awkwafina, David Mitchell and Danny DeVito.

In February 2022, Illumination revealed their movie "Migration" and appointed Renner, Homsy, and White as the director, co-director, and writer. Renner, who is experienced in directing traditional animated films, was assigned the job of adjusting his uncomplicated drawing style for a computer-animated film. By bringing Renner on board, Chris Meledandri, the CEO and producer of the studio, aimed to emphasize the filmmaker's vision for the project, diverging from Illumination's recent films. John Powell will create the music, marking his second collaboration with Illumination after The Lorax (2012).

Zatanna (limited series)

Zatanna is a comic book series that started in 2010. It's about a character named Zatanna. An American writer named Paul Dini and a French artist named Stephane Roux created it. DC Comics, the company that makes the comics, released the first one in May 2010, and the last one came out in August 2011. They put them together in two books called "Zatanna: Mistress of Magic" and "Zatanna: Shades of the Past".

The series was supposed to start in 2007, but Paul Dini had to wait until 2010 because he was busy. The comics were published in the United States, Canada, Australia, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. 

The series ended after sixteen comics because DC Comics wanted to start everything again to get more young readers. After that, Zatanna became part of other comics like "Justice League Dark", which had darker and more adult themes.

List of governors of Anambra State

This is a list of administrators and governors of Anambra State. Anambra State was created on 3 February 1976.

Philautus kempii

Kemp's spadefoot toad, Kemp's bush frog, Kemp's horned toad, the upper Rotung shrub frog, Kemp's small tree frog, or Kemp's shrub frog ("Philautus kempii") is a frog. It lives in Arunachal Pradesh, India and Xizang, China. Scientists think it might also live in Myanmar.

Sonic Prime

Sonic Prime is a game show the aired on Netflix. The show follows a bunch of animal friends who decide to beat up Doctor Eggman and save the day.

Edmund Jean Forstall

"Edmond Jean Forstall" was a merchant then banker from New Orleans, Louisiana, from a prominent Louisiana Creole family through his mother, and Irish heritage on his father's side. 

Paramu Mafongoya

Paramu Mafongoya is a Zimbabwean professor at the University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) in South Africa, where he specialises in agriculture, earth and environmental sciences. He serves as the South African Research Chair (SARChI) in Agronomy and Rural Development at UKZN.

Keith Boehm

Keith Boehm is an American politician. He is serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 33rd district. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Justin Gerhardt

Justin Gerhardt is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Greg Kessel

Greg Kessel is an American politician. He is serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 39th district. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Swainsona extrajacens

Swainsona extrajacens is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to central Australia. It is an erect, apparently annual plant with imparipinnate leaves with 9 to 25 linear, egg-shaped leaflets, and racemes of purple flowers in racemes of 5 to 10.

Kondō Isami

Kondō was born in Kami-Ishihara village in Musashi Province (present city of Chōfu) in Western Tokyo on November 9, 1834.

William Henry Ord (1803–1838)

William Henry Ord (1803–9 November 1838) was a British politician, who represented Newport in Parliament from 1832 until 1837.

Ord died at his father's residence, Whitfield Hall in Northumberland, on 9 November 1838. He was aged 35.

Kyiv City Ballet

Kyiv City Ballet, also called Kiev City Ballet, is an independent touring ballet troupe from Ukraine, currently operating from Paris, France.

List of Glasgow Warriors Women players

This is a list of Glasgow Warriors Women players.

Players in "Italic" font have capped either by their international 7s side; or by the international XV 'A' side as nationality shown.

Players in normal font have not been capped at senior level.

Kent Weston

Kent Weston is an American farmer and politician. He is serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 9th district. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Hannibal: The Italian Campaign

Hannibal: The Italian Campaign is a board wargame published by Simulations Canada in 1983 that simulates Hannibal's eight-year campaign against Rome during the Second Punic War.

Battle of Re'im

The battle of Re'im took place on 7 October 2023, when military wing of Hamas, the Al Qassam Brigades attacked Israel, initiating the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. At 10:00 am, less than five hours after Hamas attacked, fighting was reported outside of the Re'im Army Base, which is headquarters for the Gaza Division. According to one report, all of the Israeli soldiers at the base were 'killed or captured'. The base was reportedly the location of IDF drone and surveillance operations. Hamas reportedly posted a video of dead Israeli soldiers it had killed at the base. Later in the day, Israeli Defense Forces regained control of the military base.


Leslie Burns-Rawley

Leslie Burns-Rawley is an American rower.

Burns-Rawley won a silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games, in Women's single sculls.

Bagà

Bagà is a municipality in the comarca of Berguedà, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

2023 attack on the Maersk Hangzhou

On December 30, 2023, Houthi forces in Yemen attacked the Singapore-flagged, Denmark-owned/operated container ship "Maersk Hangzhou" with a missile in the Red Sea. The "Maersk Hanghou" sent out a call for help. This call was answered by the destroyers "USS Gravely" and "USS Laboon". While responding to the call for assistance, Houthi forces fired two anti-ship ballistic missiles towards the ships. These missiles were shot down by the "USS Gravely". No injuries were reported on any ship after the attacks.

Howard Stark

Howard Stark is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Archie Goodwin and artist Don Heck, the character first appeared in "Iron Man" #28 (August 1970). The character is usually shown as a background character in stories featuring Iron Man and stories featuring Captain America. He is the founder of Stark Industries. Throughout the character's publication history, he has been featured in several parts of comic book series.

Howard Stark has also appeared in several animated television series and movies. Actors John Slattery and Dominic Cooper have portrayed the character throughout the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special

The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special is an American web television special written and directed by James Gunn, based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. The special is a sequel to "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" and "". It is the second television special in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and the eighteenth and final installment of Phase Four. The special was produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+ on November 25, 2022.

On Knowhere, Kraglin Obfonteri tells the Guardians of the Galaxy the story of how he and Peter Quill tried to celebrate Earth's Christmas when Quill was still a kid. However, Yondu Udonta got mad and told them to cut it out. Obfonteri says that according to the Multi-Calendar, Christmas is coming but Nebula says that they have too much on their plate after buying Knowhere from the Collector and needing to rebuild it following Thanos' attack. Meanwhile, Quill gets approached by Bzermikitokolok who is researching Christmas and wrote a song about it but he ends up completely mischaracterizing it, to Quill's annoyance.

Mantis tells Drax the Destroyer that she wants to do something for Quill for Christmas, due to her secret that she is Ego's child and, therefore, Quill's sister. Thinking about giving him an unforgettable Christmas present, Drax suggests that Quill's hero, Kevin Bacon, would be a perfect option, so they take the "Bowie" and fly to Earth. Walking throughout Los Angeles, Mantis and Drax get mistaken for cosplayers and earn a lot of money from tourists who wanted to take pictures with them.

Looking for Bacon, Mantis and Drax go to a club where they get wasted, before a bystander gives them a star tours booklet with Bacon's home address. They go to Bacon's house and try to take him as a present but Bacon says that he cannot help them. However, Mantis and Drax then break into his house, so a horrified Bacon calls the police and tries to run away. The police arrives but Mantis and Drax incapacitate the officers, before catching up to Bacon. Mantis uses her powers to put Bacon in a trance and convince him to go with them.

Back on the "Bowie", Mantis and Drax ask Bacon about his adventures that Quill was talking about. However, they realize that Bacon is not a hero, but just an actor. They both get disgusted, believing that actors are horrible people and thinking that Quill's perception of Bacon was warped. Mantis uses her powers to get Bacon to act as an actual hero, so Quill would not be disappointed. With the help of other inhabitants, the Guardians decorate Knowhere for a Christmas party, which amazes Quill but he soon gets horrified when he finds out that his present is Bacon, kidnapped by Mantis and Drax.

Quill immediately tells Mantis to get Bacon out of the trance and promises to get him back home, although he still freaks out. Obfonteri then brings Bacon to the "Bowie" to transport him to Earth and explains that Mantis and the others simply wanted to do something nice for their friend on Christmas, who was always fascinated by Bacon. Bacon then decides to stay on Knowhere for a while and performs a song with Bzermikitokolok and the Knowheremen at the Christmas party, during which the Guardians exchange presents.

Quill asks Mantis why would she go to such lengths to make him happy and she tells him about Obfonteri's story how Udonta ruined Christmas for him. Quill then tells Mantis the rest of the story: after calling off the party, Udonta found a toy troll Quill wanted to give him as a present, so Udonta gave him a present as well - his Quad Blasters. Mantis tells Quill that she wanted to do something special for Quill and admits that she is actually his sister. Surprised, Quill tells Mantis that it is the best present he could think of and the two embrace, wishing each other Merry Christmas.

Afterwards, Rocket Raccoon and Cosmo decorate Groot like a Christmas tree. However, Groot gets tired and lowers his arms, dropping all decorations. Cosmo says that Groot ruined Christmas again and Rocket remarks that now they "need another special".


Video clip

Video clips are short videos that are usually silly jokes and funny clips. Short videos on TikTok and YouTube often influence popular culture and internet trends. Such clips are usually taken out of context and have many gags in them. 

Video clips gained popularity online. there were millions of video clips available online, with new websites that offer free video clips to users. Many established corporate sites added the ability to clip existing video content on their websites.

Some short videos are Vlogs. 

Short videos became popular in the 2010s. Snapchat allowed users to share 10-second videos in 2012. Vine allowed videos to be up to 6 seconds long, which helped make famous people like Kurtis Conner, David Dobrik, Danny Gonzalez, Drew Gooden, Liza Koshy, Shawn Mendes, Jake Paul, Logan Paul, and Lele Pons popular. Instagram added the ability to share 15-second videos in 2013.

TikTok became the most widely used short-form video app. In 2021, YouTube launched YouTube Shorts for videos up to 60 seconds long.

Jaume Collboni

Jaume Collboni Cuadrado (; born 5 September 1969) is a Spanish politician and lawyer. He became the Mayor of Barcelona on 17 June 2023.

He is openly gay. Collboni married the television producer Óscar Cornejo in 2011. The couple separated five years later.

Okey Ndibe

Okechukwu Ndibe (born 1960) is a Nigerian writer, newspaper columnist and essayist. He is known for his books, "Arrows of Rain" and "Foreign Gods, Inc."

Combination puzzle

A combination puzzle, also called a sequential move puzzle can be solved by actions. An example of would be the famous Rubik's Cube. The Rubik's Cube is a cube with multiple different colors and the goal is to solve the cube by doing specific actions to arrange the colors correctly. Combination puzzles can also be used for mathematical problems that would be difficult to solve in real life.

Ranikot Fort

Ranikot Fort (Sindhi: سنڌ جي عظيم ديوار‎) also called the Great Wall of Sindh, is a 19th-century fort located near Sann in Jamshoro District, Sindh, Pakistan. It is believed to be the world's largest fort with a circumference of about 32 kilometers (20 miles). It is often compared to the size of the Great Wall of China.

Toyin Abraham

Toyin Abraham Ajeyemi (born Olutoyin Aimakhu; 5 September 1982) is a Nigerian actress and movie producer. She was described alongside Funke Akindele By Ayo Onikoyi in Vanguard Newspaper as ""Two totally dissimilar personas in every respect but they appear to have almost the same streak when it comes to the art of acting and film-making.""


Vanguard Newspaper

Vanguard Newspaper is a daily newspaper published in Lagos, Nigeria in both papers and online. It was founded by Sam Amuka whom is a journalist alongside his three friends in 1984. It is a news sources with other Nigerian newspapers including "This Day", "The Punch", "The Sun (Nigeria)" and "The Guardian (Nigeria)."



The Sun (Nigeria)

The Daily Sun is a Nigerian daily newspaper founded and published by The Sun Media Group, Lagos, Nigeria. It is in both print and online edition.



Mbuyisa Makhubo

Mbuyisa Makhubo is a South African activist. He famously carried the dying body of Hector Pieterson to a hospital after Pieterson was shot in the 1976 Soweto uprising. This was captured for all future generations by journalist Sam Nzima. Makhubo later fled into exile and disappeared. No one knows the truth of what happened to him to this day. 

Makhubo was 18 years old during the uprising and in a youth wing of the Black Consciousness Movement. This was an organising committee for the protest. He was not protesting at first but he ran to save Pieterson when he heard the gunshots. The photo changed his (Makhubo's) life for the worse. He became a symbol, inspiring others to revolt against the crimes in South Africa. Shortly after, he was abused by apartheid police and accused of shaming the government by carrying Pieterson's body for a picture. Makhubo was eventually forced to go into exile to Botswana first and then to Nigeria. He wrote a few letters to his mother in Nigeria. However, he disappeared in 1979 and his whereabouts remain unknown. 

In 1978, Makhubo's mother told the Truth and Reconcilation Committee that she had received a letter from him. But she has not heard anything since then. In 2013, it had been claimed that a prisoner in Canada for eight years due to illegal immigration charges, Victor Vinnetou, was actually Makhubo. South African officials have collected his DNA samples to confirm the claim. However, DNA from his father proved it wrong, disappointing the family. However, it was possibly done on a family member who shared no family line with either of his parents, making it a mystery. 

The network, Eyewitness News, asked a Johannesburg scientist to compare the faces of Vinnetou and Makhubo. He found many similarities between the faces and moderately supported the claim. Meanwhile, the network shared a series of podcasts entitled "Through the Cracks" which revealed untold details about Makhubo.

Mbusiya Makhubo's brother, Raul Makhubo, said that Vinnetou divulged (gave away) information about the landscape in their home. He also knew how everything stood in their yard and their parents' names. Besides, Vinnetou had a moon-like birth mark on the left chest like Mbusiya Makhubo. 

On 14 June 2014, the Arts and Culture Department verified information on Makhubo's DNA test, with its former minister Paul Mashatile saying that a team had been dispatched (sent) to Canada. However, the same department said five days later that the Canadian Authorities sent DNA samples proven to be inconclusive, and it decided to close the case. 

In 2020, the city of Johannesburg awarded a blue plaque for Mbuyisa fixed to the Makhubo house at 7485 Litaba Street, Orlando West, South Africa near the Hector Pieterson Museum. This one is part of a series of plaques awarded and unveiled (publicly shown) starting from 2012, to commemorate and honour key sites along the route of the June 1976 Soweto uprising. 

Hugh Aynesworth

Hugh Grant Aynesworth (; August 2, 1931 – December 23, 2023) was an American journalist, author, and teacher. Aynesworth witnessed the assassination of John F. Kennedy in Dealey Plaza, the capture and arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald and the shooting of Oswald by Jack Ruby in the basement of the Dallas Police Headquarters. 

Aynesworth was born in Clarksburg, West Virginia. He was raised in Nutter Fort, West Virginia. He studied at Salem University in Salem, West Virginia. He first worked in his home state as a freelancer for the "Clarksburg Exponent-Telegram".

In 1980, Aynesworth was hired to interview serial killer Ted Bundy, who at first said he was innocent, for the "Business Week". He conducted many interviews with Bundy and eventually authored two books about the killer. The "New York Daily News" called their portrait of Bundy, "The Only Living Witness", one of the ten best true-crime books ever written. 

In 1993, Aynesworth covered the siege of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas.

At ABC News, Aynesworth was an investigator for "20/20". In the mid-1990s, he was the Dallas/Southwest bureau chief of "The Washington Times".

Aynesworth was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize six times, and was a finalist four times.

Aynesworth died on December 23, 2023 in Dallas, Texas at the age of 92.



UNRWA

United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) is an organization established by the United Nations (UN) in December 1949. Its main purpose is to provide assistance and support to Palestinian refugees who were displaced due to the 1948 Palestine War. UNRWA offers necessary services such as education, healthcare, social services, and emergency aid to Palestinian refugees in Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, including East Jerusalem.

UNRWA has over 30,000 people as employs, most of them Palestinian refugees, and a small number of international staff. The agency operates numerous schools and health centers, offering education and medical care to Palestinian refugees. UNRWA's services aim to improve the living conditions and well-being of these refugee communities.

UNRWA is funded through voluntary contributions from various countries around the world and is separate from the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), which serves other refugee populations globally. The agency's mandate is regularly renewed by the UN General Assembly to continue its support and assistance to Palestinian refugees until a just and durable solution to their situation is achieved.

During the Israel–Hamas War in 2023-24, at least 142 members of UNRWA working in Gaza Strip were killed by israel as of 1 January 2024.


1988 United States presidential election in California

The 1988 United States presidential election in California took place on November 8, 1988. that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 47 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Nevada

The 1988 United States presidential election in Nevada took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 4 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Utah

The 1988 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 5 electoral votes in the Electoral College. 

1988 United States presidential election in Arizona

The 1988 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 7 electoral votes in the Electoral College. 

Vellalar caste

Vellalars (also, Velalars, Vellalas) were, originally, an elite caste of Tamil agricultural landlords in Tamil Nadu, Kerala states in India and in neighbouring Sri Lanka; they were the nobility, aristocracy of the ancient Tamil order (Chera/Chola/Pandya/Sangam era) and had close relations with the different royal dynasties. Literary, archeological sources trace the origin of the Vellalars to a group of royal house chieftains called Vel or Velir. According to old Hindu, Tamil texts, the Velirs were warriors from the Yadu Kshatriya clan (Chandravanshi lineage); they came to south from the city of Dvārakā in north India under the leadership of the Vedic sage Agastya. They have been described as Upper Shudras or Sat-shudras in the Brahmanical Varna system. The Vellalar community however never accepted this classification and they have challenged the Brahmins who described them as shudras. The actual Vellalar caste is made of different sub castes which do not intermarry; many of these sub castes have nothing to do with the original Vellalars. The Vellalar are found amongst the Tamil diaspora around the world; although they were originally associated with the landed gentry, today they are found in all walks of life.

Las Villas

Las Villas is a department in the Central region of the Cuban archipelago. It has a large rural area and it has a population of around 1 million people in 28,000 square kilometers. It was founded in 1902 along with the birth of the Republic as one of the biggest subdivisions of the country. Baseball and soccer are the very loved by people there.
1988 United States presidential election in Alaska

The 1988 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H.W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 3 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

Philautus microdiscus

The Kobo bubble-nest frog or Kobo shrub frog ("Philautus microdiscus") is a frog. It lives in India.

Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile (movie)

Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile is a 2022 American musical comedy movie directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon. The script was written by William Davies. The movie was licenced and produced by Colombia Pictures. The plot is about a family who moves to New York City, where the son meets a singing crocodile who tries to save the son. It was released on October 7, 2022 in the United States and on April 15, 2023 in China.

In New York City, a magician named Hector wants to be on a talent show but keeps getting rejected. He finds a singing crocodile named Lyle in a pet store and bets his house on their performance. Sadly, Lyle gets anxiety during the performance, and they lose the house. Hector moves out, leaving Lyle behind.

Later, a family named the Primms moves into the house. Their son, Josh, makes friends with Lyle, who saves him from a mugger. The Primms bond with Lyle over shared interests. Hector returns to visit Lyle and tries to make him perform again, but it fails due to anxiety again.

The neighbor, Alistair Grumps, is annoyed by the noise from Lyle, Hector, and the Primms. He bribes Hector to betray Lyle, leading to Lyle being locked up in a zoo. Feeling guilty, Hector, with the help from Josh, rescue Lyle. They reconcile with each other, and Lyle performs on a talent show with Josh's help.

A trial is later held to decide if Lyle can be free. The judge rules in favor of Lyle, thanks to a deed from Hector's grandmother. The Primms celebrate Lyle's freedom, and Grumps is hinted to be evicted. Hector befriends a beatboxing rattlesnake named Malfoy, owned by Josh's friend Trudy.


Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act

The United States' Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act for 1996 (or HIPAA in short; pronounced "HIP-uh") is an Act of Congress. This bill was signed into law by the then-President Bill Clinton on August 21, 1996. Its mission was changing or altering the transfer of health care information. It sought to also protect healthcare industries from fraud and theft.

The bill does not restrict or stop patients from getting information on themselves, although with limited exceptions.The patients can voluntarily share health information however they want and choose.

Mullett Arena

Mullett Arena is a multi-use arena located at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. The arena serves as the home for the Arizona State Sun Devils. They use the arena for men's and women's ice hockey, women's gymnastics, women's volleyball, and men's wrestling. Since 2022, the arena has been the temporary home arena for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

They first started to build the stadium in January 2021. The arena opened on October 12, 2022 and the first event was the Sun Devils' Maroon and Gold Exhibition game. The Coyotes had their first game in the arena on October 28, 2022. In their first game, they were defeated by the Winnipeg Jets 3–2 in overtime in front of a sellout crowd. 

The arena is named after both Donald and Barbara Mullett, who are two of the university's benefactors.

After their lease ended at Gila River Arena, the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL) were in talks with Arizona State University to play at Mullett Arena. On February 10, 2022, a three-year deal was signed by the Arizona Coyotes to play their home games at Mullett Arena.

Miriam Carey

Miriam Iris Carey (August 12, 1979 - October 13, 2013) was a dental hygienist.

Carey was born in New York. In 2007, she earned a degree in health nutrition science from Brooklyn College.
Carey was shot five times after being chased by United States' Secret Service for hitting a U.S. Secret Service officer while trying to drive on the road through White House where there is a security checkpoint. The shooting was criticised by many mental health advocates as Miriam supposedly suffered from the diseases of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. In Say Their Names Cemetery, It says October 13, 2013 which it’s near Tyler Damon Woods’s headstone.

1988 United States presidential election in Colorado

The 1988 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 8 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in New Mexico

The 1988 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and U.S. Senator Dan Quayle.

Luchy Donalds

Luchy Donalds (born 28 May 1993) is a Nigerian actress known for her debut movie, "The Investigator." She was born in Owerri, Imo State. She had her elementary education at Mount Camel Premier School before proceeding to Tansian University, Umunya in Anambra State where she got her bachelor's degree in microbiology.

Donalds has acted "Seed of Sorrow", "Royal Sibling", "Lust in Marriage", "Marriage Bride Price", "Songs and Sorrows", "Crazy Fighter", "Trust no one", "Billionaire and his Blind Wives", "Soul on Fire", "The Classic Ladies", "Chef Augusta", "Cheating in Marriage." 

Sandra Okunzuwa

Sandra Ese Osayamon Okunzuwa (born 25 February 1996) is a Nigerian lawyer, actress and movie producer. She won one of the 2021 Eko Star Film & TV Awards by Nigerian International Film and TV Summit. In 2021, She was announced alongside Ike Onyema to host Africa Choice Awards.

Okunzuwa started her career as an actress in Nollywood in 2018. She made her first debut, "Blind Spot" where she played the role of the "Ekemini". She is also a lawyer in Nigeria.


Somadina Adinma

Somadinna Harrison Adinma (born 8 May 1999) is a Nigerian actor. He started as a kid actor in 2003.
He has started in the movies; "Speak the Word (2006)", "Ordinary Fellows", "Breath of Anger", "Forest of Promises", "Yahoo+", "Enslaved Feelings", "A Pierced Heart
Breath of Anger", "Charge and Bail (2003)", "Ikemefuna", "Bad Post", the sitcom "Hook Line and Sinker", "The Seventh Hour" and others.


Esther Rantzen

Dame Esther Louise Rantzen (born 22 June 1940) is an English journalist and television presenter. She presented the BBC television series "That's Life!" for 21 years, from 1973 until 1994. She works with many charities and founded the charities Childline and The Silver Line.

In January 2023, Rantzen announced that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer. In May 2023, Rantzen announced that her lung cancer had reached stage IV. In December 2023, she said that she had joined an assisted dying clinic in Switzerland.

Sly Stone

Sylvester Stewart (born March 15, 1943), better known by his stage name Sly Stone, is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer. He is most famous for his role as frontman for Sly and the Family Stone. He is also known as an important person in the creation of funk with his fusion of soul, rock, psychedelia and gospel in the 1960s and 1970s.

Joe Bugner

József Kreul Bugner (born 13 March 1950), also known as Joe Bugner, is a former Hungarian-born Australian-British heavyweight professional boxer and actor. He unsuccessfully challenged Muhammad Ali for the heavyweight championship in 1975.

As an actor, he is best known for his role in the 1994 action movie "Street Fighter".

He was ranked among the world's top ten heavyweights of the 1970s, fighting such opponents as Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier, Ron Lyle, Jimmy Ellis, Manuel Ramos, Chuck Wepner, Earnie Shavers, Henry Cooper, Brian London, Mac Foster, Rudie Lubbers, Eduardo Corletti, Jurgen Blin and George Johnson.

He is seen among the top ten British heavyweight boxers of all time.

Image sharing

Image sharing is the sending or publishing of digital image files (such as PNG or JPG files) on the internet. There are also websites for uploading, changing, and sharing image files both publicly and privately. There are also desktop image hosts such as ShareX or Lightshot which allow you to upload images by screenshotting the images. 

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (2019 video game)

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare is an first person shooter video game created by Infinity Ward and published by Activision. The game is the sixteenth game in the Call of Duty series and is also a part of the Modern Warfare sub series and released for Microsoft Windows, PS4, and Xbox One on 25 October 2019.

The game takes place in a realistic and modern setting in the fictional Republic of Urzikstan. In the storyline of the game, a group of CIA officers and British SAS officers fight alongside rebels against the Russian Armed Forces and the Uzrikstani terrorist group Al-Qatala.

Sam Nzima

Masana Samuel Nzima (8 August 1934 – 12 May 2018) was a South African photographer. He is best known for taking the iconic photograph of Hector Pieterson, Antoinette Sithole and Mbuyisa Makhubo during the 1976 Soweto uprising. However, he only got the rights to the image in 1998 after a long copyright battle. 

Nzima was born in Lillydale, Bushbuckridge on August 8, 1934 to a farming family. His interest in photography was sparked when he learned to use a camera in school. and his first photos were taken at Kruger National Park for money from visitors. As a teen, his father's boss pressured him to become a farm worker. After nine months, he ran away and became a gardener in Heiningham Johannesburg, where he completed high school. 

In 1956, Nzima left Heiningham to work at the Savoy Hotel as a waiter. At the Savoy, he met and befriended a man named Patrick Rikotso, another worker there. Rikotso taught him more about photography and Nzima would take domestic workers' portraits, selling them on the workers' day off. After leaving the Savoy, he went to Chelsea Hotel, reading the Rand Daily newspaper. He was transfixed by the stories criticising the apartheid government from late (dead) award-winning journalist Allister Sparks and started sending his own pictures and photo essays to the Black newspaper The World. 

The World was so impressed by Nzima's work that he was offered a freelance position. In 1968, he was offered a full-time position and accepted it to work for The World in 1976. He turned to the skirmishes (short fights between small groups of people far from the main battlefield) flaring (very violent) and took photos of students holding bin lids as shields and throwing stones at police officers. He also took another photo of a black policeman holding the students at gunpoint during the uprising. 

His most iconic image was of Makhubo carrying Pieterson with Sithole at the victim's side. Recognising that the photograph would expose apartheid, Nzima hid the film roll in his sock. When other officers found him still taking pictures, they forced him to open up all his cameras. All the films were exposed except for the one containing the famous image and the photos were destroyed. Only the famous image made it back to The World, where it was splashed across the front pages of international newspapers. 

Nzima was later wanted by the apartheid police and accused for portraying South Africa in a bad light. He was forced to flee from Soweto, where his family lived, to his hometown of Lillydale. He opened the Nzima Bottle Store there and was offered several journalist jobs. However, he turned them all down out of fear of being killed by the apartheid police. Soon, a member from the Nelspruit security branch came to Nzima and told him they knew what he had done. He was warned that he was not allowed to leave his home for any reason and that he would be arrested if he did. He was checked every Friday for three months to see if he followed the rules. 

After his photography career, Nzima continued to serve the people of his hometown. He was a long-serving member of Bushbuckridge municipal council and the Bohabela District council. After years of fighting for the rights to his photograph of Pieterson and Makhubo, he was finally rewarded in 1998 when The Star newspaper gave him copyright. He later taught photography to young students in Bushbuckridge. 

Nzima died on 12 May 2018 at the age of 83 at Rob Ferreira Hospital in Nelspruit after a short illness. His photo was listed by Time magazine as one of the 100 most influential images of all time. He is the recipient of the highest arts award in Africa, the Order of Ikhamanga. He was awarded the bronze prize for his photojournalism, helping expose apartheid to the rest of the world. The Tshwane University of Technology gave him an honorary doctoral degree in November 2020 and his family is building the Sam Nzima Legacy Centre in his honour. His son, Thulani Nzima, is the president of the Sam Nzima Foundation established in 2015. 

Fisherman's Wharf

Fisherman's Wharf can refer to:

Bloomberg

Bloomberg may refer to:



2024 Bangladeshi general election

General elections was held on 7 January 2024 in Bangladesh. The election process was overseen by the 2024 Bangladesh Election Commission, the official body that's entrusted with the responsibility of making sure that the elections are conducted in a manner that is both free and fair. The Awami League, led by incumbent Sheikh Hasina, won the election for the fourth consecutive time with officials stating that only around 40% of the eligible voters voted.

Previously, the Awami League had won the 2018 general elections and formed the government.

The main opposition party in Bangladesh, the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), demanded that the current government hand over the power to a caretaker government before the next elections takes place but the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina declined it.

Chhinnamasta

Chhinnamasta (Sanskrit: छिन्नमस्ता, "Chinnamastā, "She whose head is severed"") is a Hindu goddess (Devi). She is one of the Mahavidyas, ten goddesses from the esoteric.

2024 Noto earthquake

On 1 January 2024, at 16:10 JST (07:10 UTC), a  7.5 earthquake happened in the Noto Peninsula of Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. The earthquake caused a tsunami along the Sea of Japan. As of 28 February 2024, there were 241 deaths, 1,296 injuries and 5 others were missing, making it the deadliest earthquake in Japan since the 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes.

The Japan Meteorological Agency officially named this earthquake the 2024 Noto Peninsula Earthquake.

The northeastern tip of the Noto Peninsula in Japan has been experiencing many earthquakes for three years. The biggest one recently was stronger than another big earthquake that happened in May 2023. This was the largest earthquake in the Sea of Japan since 1983.

Japan is located where four big pieces of the Earth's crust (Pacific, Philippine Sea, Okhotsk, and Amurian Plates) meet. This causes a lot of earthquakes. On the east and southeast coasts, the Pacific and Philippine Sea Plates are moving under the land (a process called subduction) at two places: the Japan Trench and the Nankai Trough. The west coast, near the Sea of Japan, is also where two plates meet, and they are slowly starting to move under each other, creating faults.

This area has been geologically active for a very long time, since the end of the Pliocene era. Earthquakes and tsunamis happen here because of the plates moving against each other. There have been big earthquakes and tsunamis in the past in 1741, 1833, 1940, 1964, 1983, and 1993. But, it's not completely clear what caused the 1741 tsunami.

A big earthquake happened, and it was not very deep under the ground. This earthquake happened where two big pieces of the Earth's crust, the Okhotsk Plate and Amurian Plate, are pushing against each other. The earthquake was caused by these plates squeezing and sliding in opposite directions.

Before the main big earthquake, there was a smaller one, with an magnitude of 5.5, and after it, there was another one, with an magnitude of 6.2, along with several other smaller earthquakes.

The area affected by the earthquake was about 200 kilometers long, stretching from the Noto Peninsula to Sado Island. The earthquake caused the ground to shift a lot in some places, with the biggest shift being about 3.67 meters. This shifting probably reached all the way to the bottom of the sea.

The Geospatial Information Authority of Japan said that some areas of the country shifted about to the west. The largest displacement occurred in Wajima due to crustal deformation. In Anamizu, the land moved westward. However, the agency noted that these movements might be related to slopes or local ground changes instead.

After the earthquake, there was a big warning for a tsunami, the first one since the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake. NHK, a public broadcaster, said tsunami waves might come, but smaller waves arrived. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center warned of dangerous waves near the quake's center. About 51,000 people had to leave their homes; 1,000 went to a base in Wajima, Ishikawa.

The first tsunami waves hit around 16:21. Wajima got waves. Kanazawa saw , Toyama and Sakata got waves. Smaller waves hit other places like Nanao, Tsuruga, Kashiwazaki, Toyooka, Tobishima, and Sado Island. Toyama city had a wave. Hokkaido saw up to waves.

In Suzu, homes were moved, and boats were overturned. A resident saw tsunami waves moving cars and debris, reaching 3 meters (9.8 ft) high. The tsunami pushed water up to 100 meters (330 ft) inland at Iida Port in Ishikawa.

The tsunami warning was lowered to an advisory around 20:30 and ended by 10:01 on 2 January, 18 hours after the earthquake.

The Korea Meteorological Administration said that sea levels might rise along South Korea's east coast, including Gangwon Province and Pohang. They expected waves from 18:29 to 19:17 local time. Later, a tsunami hit Gangwon, and a wave struck Mukho around 20:00. Tsunamis of in Uljin, in Sokcho, and in Gangneung were also recorded. This was the first time since 1993 that South Korea saw a tsunami over . North Korea's state radio, reported by Yonhap News Agency, reported a tsunami warning, with possible waves.

In Russia, there were tsunami warnings, including Sakhalin Island's west coast, where evacuations were initially mentioned but later denied by Russia. Warnings were also in place for Vladivostok and Nakhodka. The Russian Emergencies Ministry said "response teams are ready to deal with the possible consequences of a tsunami". However, officials in Vladivostok said no tsunami happened, and in Nakhodka, the tsunami was almost unnoticed.

At least 241 peoples died in Ishikawa Prefecture; 103 in Suzu, 102 in Wajima, 20 in Anamizu, eight in Noto, five in Nanao, two in Shika and one in Hakui. Fifteen people died in the aftermath due to injuries or illnesses. More than 80 percent of the deaths, because of collapsed homes. Two people were killed by the tsunami. At least 1,188 people were injured in Ishikawa Prefecture, and as of 7 March, five people is missing. National Police Agency said that 92 peoples were crushed to death, 49 died of suffocation or respiratory failure, 32 died from hypothermia, and three died of burns.

The earthquake caused buildings to collapse in Ishikawa Prefecture. Around 36,000 homes lost power. A fire broke out in Wajima, and damaged roads made it hard for firefighters to stop it. Some people got stuck in collapsed homes but were eventually rescued. In Toyama Prefecture, roads cracked, and water pipes broke in Himi and Oyabe. In Niigata Prefecture, two people were injured, and there was liquefaction (when gas turns to liquid), causing sewer pipes to break and leaving many homes without water.

The earthquake caused serious harm to people and the economy. Nomura Securities predicted a drop in Japan's economic growth due to the earthquake, with a potential loss of 23 to 50 billion yen. This is mainly because cities like Suzu, Wajima, and Nanao might see a halt in their economic activities. NHK warned that the financial losses could increase since damages to roads, houses, and factories haven't been fully considered yet. The effect on supply chains might not be as bad as it was in the 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes.

By 5 January, around 24,000 buildings in Ishikawa Prefecture were still without electricity. The Minister of Economy, Trade, and Industry, Ken Saito, said it's hard to tell when the power will be completely back.

The Globe and Mail

The Globe and Mail is a Canadian newspaper. It is Canada's most widely read newspaper on weekdays and Saturdays. It is a "newspaper of record".

"The Globe" was founded in 1844 by Scottish immigrant George Brown. He was a Father of Confederation.

By the 1850s, "The Globe" had become a well-known daily newspaper. 

"The Globe and Mail" formed when "The Globe merged with" another newspaper called "The Mail and Empire" in 1936. 

Since the 1980s, the newspaper has been printed in six Canadian cities: Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg, Calgary and Vancouver.

At the end of 2010, the Thomson family, bought "The Globe and Mail" with an 85-percent stake. 

In October 2012, "The Globe and Mail" launched online.

The National Post

The National Post is a Canadian newspaper. The paper is the main publication of Postmedia Network. It is published Mondays through Saturdays, with Monday released as a digital e-edition only. It was founded in 1998 by Conrad Black. It used to be sent throughout Canada, however, it later began publishing a daily edition in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia, with only its weekend edition available in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. 

Conrad Black designed the "National Post" to be similar to the "Financial Post", a financial newspaper in Toronto. The newspaper was launched in October 27. which was retained as the name of the new newspaper's business section.

The "Post" was unable to remain popular due to problems with money in the early 2000s. It was bought in 2001 by CanWest Global, which also owned the Global Television Network.

Iwona Śledzińska-Katarasińska

Iwona Elżbieta Śledzińska-Katarasińska (3 January 1941 – 1 January 2024) was a Polish journalist and politician. She was elected to the Sejm on 25 September 2005 as a candidate from the Civic Platform list. Her term ended on 12 November 2023. Śledzińska-Katarasińska was born in Komorniki, Poland.

Śledzińska-Katarasińska died on 1 January 2024 in Łódź, Poland, two days before her 83rd birthday.

Bailieborough

Bailieborough or Bailieboro (; ) is a town in County Cavan, Ireland. , its population was 2,683,</ref> up from 1,529 as of the 1996 census. Bailieborough's proximity to the N3 national road has made it a commuter town.

1988 United States presidential election in Idaho

The 1988 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 4 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Wyoming

The 1988 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 3 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Montana

The 1988 United States presidential election in Montana took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 4 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

West Papua (province)

West Papua is a province of Indonesia. It is on the New Guinea island and has many peninsulas and islands. Manokwari is the main city. Around 561,403 people lived there in mid-2022, making it the second least populous province in Indonesia after Southwest Papua.

The Dutch were in New Guinea until 1962. Then, control went to Indonesia. West Papua officially became a province in 1999 and was inaugurated in 2003. Until 2022, it had special status with twelve regencies and one city.

West Papua has a medium Human Development Index, second-lowest in Indonesia. The government is building things like roads and airports. Some worry this might harm rainforests and native cultures. According to Bank Indonesia, West Papua's economy grew by 7.7% in 2018, which is more than the national average.

People have lived in West Papua for a very long time, like 42,000 to 48,000 years. The highlands were a center for farming, and they've grown bananas here for 7,000 years. Austronesian people moved here 3,000 years ago. There are over 300 languages in West Papua.

A Chinese merchant came around 500 AD and called it Tungki. In 600 AD, the Srivijaya Empire from Sumatra called it Janggi. Traders from Persia and South Asia came in 700 AD and called it Dwi Panta or Samudrananta, meaning 'at the edge of the ocean'. In 1511, a Portuguese sailor called it "Os Papuas" or llha de Papo. In 1600, it was called Nueva Guinea by a Spanish explorer.

In 1606, a Dutch expedition led by Wiliam Jansen landed in Papua. By 1660, the Dutch recognized the Sultan of Tidore's power over New Guinea. During the Indonesian National Awakening, some nationalists were in a camp in Papua. After Indonesia declared independence in 1945, they claimed West Papua.

In 1962, there was an agreement that temporarily gave control to Indonesia. In 1969, there was a vote called the Act of Free Choice. The result made West Papua part of Indonesia, but many disagreed. They formed the Free Papua Movement, and the independence movement continues today.

In 2022, parts of West Papua became a new province called Southwest Papua.

West Papua has different tribes, with 51.48% being native Papuan people. They include Abun, Biak, Borai, and many more. There are two main groups: mountainous or inland Papuans and lowland and coastal Papuans. Many follow traditional Papuan religions, uniting material and spiritual aspects of life.

The rest of the population comes from other parts of Indonesia. The people of West Papua follow various religions, with the majority being Protestant Christians (54.17%). There are also Muslims (36.74%), and Catholic Christians (8.71%). Manokwari is known as the "Gospel City" due to European missionaries settling there in 1855, celebrated as "Gospel Day".

In West Papua, many languages are spoken, but Indonesian is the official language, and Papuan Malay is used for trade and inter-ethnic communication. However, local languages are at risk of extinction due to economic, educational, and political challenges. Most transactions in markets use Indonesian, contributing to the decline of regional languages.

Philautus cornutus

The horned bubble-nest frog ("Philautus cornutus") is a frog. It lives in Sumatra, Indonesia. People have seen it between 1529 and 1907 meters above sea level.

Scientists collected samples of this frog in 1920 and five more female frogs in 2013. These five female frogs were found on short plants in mountain forests. These five female frogs were 24.0 – 25.8 mm long from nose to rear end.

The skin of the frog's back is purple-brown in color. Most of these frogs do not have marks or patterns on their backs, but some do. There are some dark marks on the legs. There is a black spot on the rear end. The skin of the belly is light brown in color. There are dark marks on the neck and chest. The iris of the eye is gold-orange on top with dark brown triangles.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and to get wood to build with.

Rumble (2021 movie)

Rumble is a 2021 animated comedy movie led by Hamish Grieve and scripted by Matt Lieberman. The movie is loosely based off of the graphic novel "Monster on the Hill," written by Rob Harrell. The movie is voice acted by Will Arnett, Geraldine Viswanathan, Terry Crews, Stephen A. Smith, Jimmy Tatro, Tony Danza, Susan Kelechi Watson, Tony Shalhoub, Bridget Everett, Greta Lee, Ben Schwartz, Roman Reigns and Becky Lynch. The movie is produced by Paramount Pictures, WWE Studios, Walden Media, and . The movie was released on the 15th of December 2021 on the movie streaming platform Paramount+.

In a world where big monsters and humans coexist with each other, they have a sport called monster wrestling. Each city has its own monster wrestler. The champion from a small town named Stoker, Tentacular, decides he doesn't want to represent Stoker anymore after becoming the world champion. The town is in trouble because if they don't find a new wrestler, they'll lose their stadium and money.

Winnie, who loves wrestling, goes to an underground fight and finds Rayburn Jr., the son of the late Stoker champion. He's fighting under the name "Steve The Stupendous." Winnie helps Steve win a match instead of losing on purpose. Steve owes money to Lady Mayhen, the boss of the underground arena, but Winnie promises to help him get the money by training him to fight Tentacular. Steve agrees.

At first, Steve doesn't care about learning to fight properly and wins by avoiding his opponent. He left Stoker because people only saw him as his father's son, and he couldn't live up to his dad's name. Winnie discovers Steve loves dancing, so she trains him using dance moves. As they move up in the wrestling rankings, Tentacular buys Stoker's stadium and wants to demolish it because he's tired of being compared to Rayburn, Steve's dad.

Even though Steve repays Lady Mayhen, he decides to help Winnie. He reveals he's Rayburn's son and challenges Tentacular to a match for the stadium. During the fight, Steve dodges Tentacular's hits in the first round but struggles in the second. With Winnie's encouragement, Steve lands several hits with his dance moves in the third round. Winnie tells Steve to use Tentacular's suckers to stick him to a corner post. When Steve goes in for the final move, they both get knocked out.

Tentacular gets up first but is too shaken to end the match. The crowd helps Steve by clapping a salsa beat, and he defeats Tentacular, becoming the new monster wrestling champion. Stoker's stadium is saved, and monsters and humans continue to coexist.


Butterbean's Café

Butterbean's Café is an American-Irish computer-animated culinary fantasy children's television series created by Jonny Belt and Robert Scull (who both also created "Bubble Guppies") and ordered by Nickelodeon. The series ran November 12, 2018 to November 1, 2020, with 2 seasons and 60 episodes.

Magnesium hydroxide

Magnesium hydroxide is used to treat occasional constipation in children and adults on a short-term basis. Magnesium hydroxide is in a class of medications called saline laxatives. It works by causing water to be retained with the stool.

FC Nouadhibou

FC Nouadhibou is a Mauritanean professional football club in Nouadhibou. The club was formed in 1999. It plays its home games at the Stade Municipal de Nouadhibou. Their home colours are orange and dark blue and white.

Football Club Nouadhibou, better known as FC Nouadhibou, is a football club based in the city Nouadhibou.

Snow White and the Evil Queen

Snow White and the Evil Queen is a movie starring Brett Cooper as Snow White that is coming out on Bentkey in 2024. It is a movie based on the Brothers Grimm Fairy tale Snow White.

Dhumavati

Dhumavati (Sanskrit: धूमावती, "Dhūmāvatī, literally: "the smoky one"") is one of the Mahavidyas, a group of ten Hindu Tantric goddesses. Dhumavati represents the fearsome aspect of Mahadevi, the supreme goddess in Hindu traditions.

Bagalamukhi

Baglamukhi or Bagalā (Sanskrit: बगलामुखी) is the female form of a personification of the Mahavidyas (great wisdom/science), a group of ten Tantrik deities in Hinduism.

Matangi

Matangi (Sanskrit: मातङ्गी, "Mātaṅgī") is a Hindu goddess. She is one of the Mahavidyas, ten Tantric goddesses and an aspect of the Hindu Divine Mother. She is considered to be the Tantric form of Saraswati, the goddess of music and learning.

Kamalatmika

Kamalā (Sanskrit: कमला) or Kamalālayā (Sanskrit: कमलात्मिका, transl. 'lotus' ) is considered to be the Tantric characterisation of the goddess of prosperity, Lakshmi.

NUFC Chairman

The Chairman of Newcastle United F.C is the head of the club. The chairman advises his team and the owners to make more deals and bring new things into the club. The current chairman is Yasir Al-Rumayyan since 7 October 2021. 

Yasir Al-Rumayyan has been the chairman since 7 October 2021.

Holiday Bash (2023)

Holiday Bash (2023) was a multi-night professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 20 and 23, 2023 at Paycom Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Frost Bank Center in San Antonio, Texas. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fourth Holiday Bash event to take place.

Night 1's main event saw Jay White defeat Jon Moxley in a Gold League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament. Night 2's main event saw El Hijo del Vikingo defeat Black Taurus to retain his AAA Mega Championship. Night 3's main event saw Eddie Kingston defeat Andrade El Idolo in a Blue League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament.

"Dynamite (December 20)
"Rampage (taped December 20; aired December 22)
"Collision (aired live December 23)

Sindhi Meghwar

The Sindhi Meghwars or Menghwar (Sindhi: سنڌي ميگهواڙ) are a sub-group of the Meghwal people of Indian subcontinent, who live in the Sindh, Punjab, and Balochistan provinces of Pakistan. They are one of major Hindu community in the region.

New Year's Smash (2023)

New Year's Smash (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 27, 2023 at Addition Financial Arena in Orlando, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the fourth New Year's Smash event to take place.

Night 1's main event saw The Devil's Masked Men (Matt Taven and Mike Bennett, (unidentified at the time)) defeated MJF in a 2-on-1 Handicap match to win the ROH World Tag Team Championships. Night 2's main event saw Action Andretti and Top Flight (Darius Martin and Dante Martin) defeated Rocky Romero, Trent Beretta, and Orange Cassidy in a trios match.

"Dynamite (aired live December 27)
"Rampage (taped December 27; aired December 29)

AEW Worlds End

Worlds End was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 30, 2023 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York. It was the first World's End event to take place and the first AEW pay-per-view to take place in New York.

The main event of the show saw Samoa Joe defeat MJF to win the AEW World Championship. MJF would try to hit Joe with his Dynamite Diamond Ring while the referee was knocked down. Joe would counter this, put MJF in a choke and make MJF pass out to win the match. After the match, the lights would go out and come back on. When the lights came on, a returning Adam Cole was seated in the ring with four masked men. The men would pull off their masks and reveal themselves to be The Kingdom (Matt Taven & Mike Bennet), Roderick Strong, and Wardlow. They would attack MJF after his match and Cole Would pull The Devil mask out of his jacket revealing himself to be The Devil and betraying MJF.

The finals of the Continental Classic also took place during the event. In the finals, Eddie Kingston would defeat Jon Moxley to retain his ROH World Championship and NJPW Strong Openweight Championship. He would also become a Triple Crown Champion when he won the first AEW Continental Championship.

Andrade El Idolo would have his final match in AEW at the event. AEW owner Tony Khan said during the post event press scrum that Andrade's contract had expired.

Shebeshxt

Lehlogonolo Katlego Chauke is a South African rapper and controversial figure professionally known as Shebeshxt. He was born and raised in Lebowakgomo, Limpopo. He became famous after the release of his breakthrough single "Ke Di Shxt Malume" after it went viral on a video sharing platform TikTok and receiving positive comments from the likes of Focalistic.

In 2023, the rapper signed a major deal with the famous Italian company Lamborghini wines by Lamborghini, he appeared on "Podcast and Chill with MacG" and made history by becoming the first guest to surpass 1 million views in 2 days without a record label, television play and radio play.


In April 2023, the rapper was arrested and faced jail time, on 9 May 2023 he made an appearance in Lebowakgomo Magistrate's court for two counts of assault (discharging a firearm after he allegedly fired four shots in the air at a family home in Ga-Mamaola village), attempted murder, and property damage . The rapper's bail was denied after the National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson in Limpopo addresseed that the case was postponed to gather further information, Chauke remained in custody for four months until he was released in August 2023. The discharge of firearm charges were later dropped in October 2023.


Coco Bandicoot

Coco Bandicoot is a video game character and a secondary protagonist of the "Crash Bandicoot" series of video games. In the series, Coco is described as the highly-intelligent and spirited younger sister of Crash Bandicoot, the main protagonist of the series. She often aids her older brother by building gadgets ideal for the situation or even tagging along with Crash in his journeys, using self-taught martial arts to defend herself.

Coco was created by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin, and was originally designed by Charles Zembillas. Coco's inclusion as a playable character in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex" was met with a generally lukewarm response among critics, while her voice has received mixed reviews. However, her inclusion as a playable character in "Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy" and "" was met with positive responses.

Coco's availability as a playable character in "" was omitted from the PlayStation 2 version of the game due to her distinct animations taking up much of the console's memory. In the PlayStation 2 version, she is replaced by a white-furred version of her brother named "Carbon Crash". Coco is voiced by Vicki Winters in "", by Hynden Walch in "Crash Team Racing" and by Debi Derryberry from "" onwards. In the Japanese version of the series, she is voiced by Haruna Ikezawa in the PlayStation games, by Ema Kogure in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex", "Crash Nitro Kart" and "Crash Twinsanity", by Satomi Arai in "Crash Tag Team Racing" and by Risa Tsubaki in "Crash Boom Bang!".

Just as her brother Crash was, Coco was genetically engineered through the use of Doctor Neo Cortex's and Doctor Nitrus Brio's Evolvo-Ray. Coco is notable for her high intelligence; her intelligence quotient is said to be as much as 164. Like her brother, Coco has a fearless nature and is willing to take any chance, unafraid of making mistakes. She is a fan of martial arts films and masculine sports such as wrestling and NASCAR. She is also shown to be a skilled scooter rider, using this talent to outrace a Japanese tsunami on one occasion.

Before the events of the series, Coco was an ordinary bandicoot until she was taken from the jungle and genetically enhanced by Doctor Neo Cortex. Coco is first seen in "Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back" living on N. Sanity Island with Crash. One day, when the battery for her laptop runs out, she sends Crash off to find a replacement battery for her. When Coco discovers that Crash is gathering Crystals for Cortex, she becomes suspicious of Cortex and decides to hack into Cortex's computer and see what he's really up to. What she finds are detailed schematics for an improved Cortex Vortex and a suspicious-looking space station. She learns of Cortex's real plan just as Crash has gathered all the Crystals, and reveals Cortex's intentions to Crash before he can give the Crystals to Cortex. After Cortex's plan is foiled, Coco is called upon by Aku Aku in "" to use Doctor Nefarious Tropy's Time-Twisting Machine and gather the powerful Crystals in their original places before Cortex does so. Coco helps by gathering the Crystals in 17th century China, the 18th century Pacific Ocean, and World War I Europe. She is also responsible for the defeat of Cortex's right-hand man Doctor N. Gin on the Moon, with her new pet tiger Pura assisting her.

When the Elementals wreak havoc on the Earth in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex", Coco activates a new Portal Chamber for Crash to use. She helps Crash gather the Power Crystals needed to stop the Elementals by collecting them in a tsunami-ravaged China and an avalanche zone. She also stops an armada of Cortex's space stations from striking Earth. Near the end, she helps Crash and Crunch escape from Cortex's malfunctioning space station. In "Crash Twinsanity", Coco is ambushed by Doctor Neo Cortex, who disguises himself as her in order to lure Crash into a trap. Many moments later, Coco believes that Cortex kidnapped Crash, and travels to the Iceberg Lab to confront him. With a swift kick, she attacks Cortex and sends the Power Crystals he was holding flying into the Psychetron. The resulting chain reaction leaves Coco paralyzed until the end of the game.

Coco's availability as a playable character in "" was omitted from the PlayStation 2 version of the game due to her distinct animations taking up much of the console's memory. In the PlayStation 2 version, she is replaced by a white-furred version of her brother named "Carbon Crash". Coco is voiced by Vicki Winters in "", by Hynden Walch in "Crash Team Racing" and by Debi Derryberry from "" onwards. In the Japanese version of the series, she is voiced by Haruna Ikezawa in the PlayStation games, by Ema Kogure in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex", "Crash Nitro Kart" and "Crash Twinsanity", by Satomi Arai in "Crash Tag Team Racing" and by Risa Tsubaki in "Crash Boom Bang!".

Coco is fully playable in "Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy" and "", but has the same moveset as Crash in both. Though, she comes with her own animations. Even though Coco first appears in "Cortex Strikes Back", the use of time travel from "Warped" allows her to be playable in all three games from the "N. Sane Trilogy".

Coco is a playable character in "Crash Team Racing" and "Crash Bash". The epilogue of "Crash Team Racing" states that Coco opened up her own Internet dating service after the events of the game. In "", Coco builds a device that reverses the effects of Cortex's Planetary Minimizer. In "", Coco is abducted by N. Trance and is brainwashed alongside Crunch and Fake Crash. Coco battles Crash in a large battleship inside an active volcano, with Crash attacking the craft while it is reloading its weaponry. Upon snapping out of N. Trance's control, Coco becomes a playable character, gathering two Crystals in space while escaping the wrath of a fireball created by N. Tropy. Coco is a playable character in "Crash Nitro Kart" as well. In one cutscene, she uses her hacking skills to put the hyperactive Nash to sleep. In "", Coco teams up with the Professor to track down Ripto and Doctor Cortex. Later in the game, they're both kidnapped by Doctor Cortex's niece, Nina Cortex, who keeps them locked up in cages. After being freed from her cage, Coco suggests that Crash and Spyro put a tracer on Cortex and Ripto as to allow the heroes to track the villains back to their hideout. Coco's last major contribution to the story is constructing a portal to Cortex's and Ripto's lair. Coco is a playable character in "Crash Tag Team Racing". In the game's story, Coco discovers the sole clue to whoever stole MotorWorld's Power Gems, which is Wumpa Whip. Because of Crash's high consumption of the beverage, she briefly believes (along with the others) that Crash is the culprit, despite the fact that Willie Wumpa Cheeks is the park's lone source of Wumpa Whip. At the end of the game, Coco returns the park's deed to Von Clutch, to whom it belongs. Coco plays a central role in "Crash Boom Bang!", in which she is invited by the Viscount to the World Cannonball Race in his search for the Super Big Power Crystal.

Coco has been featured in two series of "Crash Bandicoot" action figures produced by the now-defunct Resaurus. For "Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back", Resaurus produced a Coco Bandicoot figure bundled with figures of a penguin and lizard from the game. The "Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped" series featured two different figures of Coco, including one bundled with Aku Aku and Crash Bandicoot figures.

Coco's inclusion as a playable character in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex" was met with a generally lukewarm response among critics. Hilary Goldstein of IGN felt that Coco was a "less powerful" and "less enjoyable" character than Crash and that "she was just not fun the way Crash is". On the subject, Goldstein added that "Crash is a silly creature to look at. He's almost absurd, which works great with his various animations. Coco isn't really silly at all. The game isn't called "Crash and Coco" so why must I be forced to play her? Rather than add variety, Coco detracts from the only real selling point of the game -- Crash Bandicoot." Matt Gallant of GameSpot noted that "When you play a level as Coco instead of Crash, there's no explanation or warning given--you'll simply enter the level's portal as Crash and come out the other end as Coco. It's not all bad, but compared with "(Super Mario) Sunshine", it seems very uneven."

On the other hand, Coco's inclusion as a playable character in the "N. Sane Trilogy" and "Crash 4" was met with positive reception. Patrick Arellano at Comic Book Resources included her in a list of "5 Game Remakes That Added A New Character For The Better." Cubed3 writer Luke Hemming stated "...the ability to replay all levels as Coco Bandicoot, also add a welcome level of replayability in the linear first outing." Reviewing the "N. Sane Trilogy", Aiman Maulana from "New Straits Times" observed that she has the same moveset as Crash, to which he stated "What's the purpose of this? Well, this game is catered to casual gamers so the developers want to cater to a general audience. Having Coco Bandicoot as a playable character will encourage more female gamers to play." At "PlayStation Universe", Kevin R. considered the ability to play as Coco a "neat extra touch," but wished to see her with her own moveset. Denny Connolly at Game Rant stated "...swapping between characters should be a fun addition for fans of the original trilogy," due to the fact she has her own personality and animations in the game. Stacey Henley from "The Guardian" declared that Coco "adds a fresh dimension to the game," along with Cortex, Tawna and Dingodile in "Crash 4".

Coco's redesign in "Crash Bandicoot: One the Run" was met with criticism by Cristina Alexander from TheGamer; Alexander stated "Restoring Coco to her original design and making her look as unappealing as possible instead of using her Crash 4 design in a mobile endless runner game kind of defeats the purpose of rebooting the Crash Bandicoot franchise and updating their looks to keep up with the times." In another article from TheGamer, Mark Sammut described her as "awesome," and noted "Coco might not be the most layered character ever, but her consistent characterization in the early games clearly left an impression on many players." Sammut also stated that the use of smartphones and taking selfies "fits Coco's personality."

She was included among the "50 Greatest Heroines In Video Game History" by Complex's Michael Rogueau, whom cited her as a "cute sidekick." In 2016, Adam Starkey at "Metro" suggested a spin-off focusing on Coco, noting "The Bandicoots would certainly benefit from some franchise building outside of the main marsupial himself, with Coco being our prime candidate."

List of Nigerian actors

List of Nigerian actors and actresses;


Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween

Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween (sometimes referred to as Goosebumps: Horrorland) is a 2018 American fantasy horror comedy movie. It was based on the children's book series of the same name by R.L. Stine. It was directed by Rob Letterman and produced by Deborah Forte and Neal H. Moritz. Darren Lemke write the movie with music by Danny Elfman. It was produced and distributed by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation.

The movie stars Jack Black, Dylan Minnette, Odeya Rush, Amy Ryan, Halston Sage, Ryan Lee, and Jillian Bell. It was filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. The movie was set in present-day Delaware. It was released on 8 October 2018 at Culver City, California and 12 October 2018 in United States

List of highest-grossing media franchises

This is a list of companies that have earned $2 million dollars and above. 

Pokémon

Mickey Mouse and Friends

Winnie the Pooh

Star Wars

Disney Princess

Harry Potter

Barbie

Call of Duty

Batman

Hello Kitty

Spider-Man

Dungeon Fighter Online

Cars

Candy Crush

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

Looney Tunes

Dora the Explorer

Pac-Man

The Lion King

Toy Story

James Bond

Peanuts

PAW Patrol

Avengers

Frozen

Space Invaders

SpongeBob SquarePants

Warcraft

Minions (Despicable Me)

Star Trek

Street Fighter

Rilakkuma

Monster Strike

Grand Theft Auto (GTA)

Dragon Ball

Angry Birds

Thomas & Friends

Jurassic Park

Demon Slayer

Power Rangers

Mario

Fast & Furious

Pirates of the Caribbean

Ben 10

The Muppets

DC Extended Universe

Ultra Series

Madden NFL

Fate/stay night

X-Men

Superman

Middle-earth

Halo

Ice Age

Shrek 

The Phantom of the Opera

Avatar

Sonic the Hedgehog

Yu-Gi-Oh!

Mamma Mia!

Mortal Kombat

Gundam

The Sims

Bob the Builder

My Little Pony

The Simpsons

Scooby-Doo

Beyblade

The Big Bang Theory

Seinfeld

Twilight

Minecraft

Strawberry Shortcake

Gran Turismo

The Smurfs

Cabbage Patch Kids

G.I. Joe

Genshin Impact

Beauty and the Beast

Skylanders

The Hunger Games

Titanic

Bratz

Hamtaro

Astro Boy

Thor

Iron Man

Godzilla

Resident Evil

Indiana Jones

Madagascar

Captain America

The Powerpuff Girls

Winx Club

Friends

Sailor Moon

The Incredibles

Kumamon

Aladdin

Black Panther

Planet of the Apes

Jumanji

The Conjuring Universe

Finding Nemo

Guardians of the Galaxy

The Little Mermaid

MonsterVerse

Yo-kai Watch

The Chronicles of Narnia

Kung Fu Panda

E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial

Bourne

Care Bears

Man in Black

Ghostbusters

Lego

NBA Jam

Communist Party of Australia (Marxist-Leninist)

The Communist Party of Australia (Marxist–Leninist) is an Australian communist party founded in the year 1964. The party was created from a split within the Communist Party of Australia originating from the Sino-Soviet split. The party describes it's ideology to have been inspired from the works of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Vladimir Lenin, Joseph Stalin, Mao Zedong and Ted Hill.

BMTE

The BMTE (or the MINFAR) is the Cuban military force that protects the country against any inner or outer threat. It was founded in 1896 but later changed its name in 1961. Conscription is obligated for 3 years starting the age of 17. 

Cristiano Vale

Cristiano Dutra Vale (born in Manhuaçu on April 10, 1970) is a Brazilian cattle rancher and politician, affiliated with the Progressive Party. Currently, he holds the position of mayor of the municipality of Viseu in the state of Pará. Previously, he served as a federal deputy for the state of Pará, Brazil.

Internet bot

A web robot (or Internet bot) is a piece of software that automatically does tasks on the Internet, usually to copy the behaviors of a human on the internet. Web robots are used to do simple tasks faster then a human could do. Web robots are mostly used for web crawling, where a robot downloads the content from a website and looks through the content. 

There have been attempts to restrict web robots from websites. Some websites have a robots.txt file to control what the web robots can or can not do. Any web robot that does not follow the rules can be prevented from accessing the website with the robots.txt file. However if there is no program to enforce the rules in the robots.txt file, then following the rules is a choice for the web robot. There are also web robots deemed as "good" such as search engine spiders, who crawl websites for use in search engines such as Google or Bing but there are also web robots deemed as "bad" such as web robots who attack political campaigns with the intent of causing harm to that political campaign. 

U.S. Route 17

U.S Route 17 is a north-south highway in the Southeastern United States. The highway is close to the East Coast of the United States except the part between Punta Gorda, Florida and Jacksonville, Florida. The southern ending section of the highway is in Punta Gorda, Florida and the northern ending section is in Winchester. The highway spans multiple states which are Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia.

Chloe George

Chloe George (born Chloe Gasparini) is an American musician. George has written songs with artists including Dua Lipa and Normani.

George attended the New York University Tisch School of the Arts. 

In 2021, George signed to the Fader Label in 2021, where she released her first song called "Peachi". George released her debut EP in 2022 called "Penny".

Attempted assassination of Lee Jae-myung

On 2 January 2024, Democratic Party of Korea leader Lee Jae-myung was stabbed while visiting the construction site of an airport in Gadeokdo, Busan.

At 10:27 a.m. KST, the attacker went to Lee and asked for an autograph before stabbing him in the neck. Officials quickly went to protect Lee, and one of them covered his neck with a cloth. It was reported Lee was bleeding but remained conscious. Lee was taken to an ambulance at 10:47 a.m. and arrived at the regional trauma center at Pusan National University Hospital at 11:16 a.m. He was then transferred to Seoul National University Hospital.

Lee suffered a "one-centimetre wound on his neck" with minor bleeding. His injuries were soon reported to be "non life-threatening".

Lee underwent emergency surgery at Seoul National University Hospital later in the day. Democratic Party officials said that the surgery "took longer than expected" and medical officials were closely monitoring his progress.

The suspect was arrested, and appeared to be in his 50s or 60s.

Berbera

Berbera (; , ) is the capital of the Sahil region of Somaliland. It is the main sea port of the country. Berbera is a coastal city and was the former capital of the British Somaliland protectorate before Hargeisa. 

It was a major port of the Ifat, Adal and Isaaq sultanates from the 13th to 19th centuries.

Hargeisa

Hargeisa ( ; ; ) is the largest and capital city of the self-declared Republic of Somaliland. It is also the regional capital of the Maroodi Jeex province of Somaliland. 

Governor of Gyeonggi Province

The Governor of Gyeonggi Province () is the head of the local government of Gyeonggi Province, South Korea, who is elected to a four-year term.

Moratorium (law)

A moratorium is a delay or suspension of an activity or a law. Legally, it may be about a temporary suspension of a law to allow a legal challenge to be carried out.

Andong

Andong () is a city in South Korea. It is the capital of North Gyeongsang Province. It is the largest city in the northern part of the province with a population of 167,821. The Nakdong River flows through the city. 

In 1999, Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom celebrated her 73rd birthday in the city.

List of food days

This is a list of food days by country. Many countries have designated specific days as celebrations, commemorations, or acknowledgments of certain types of food and drink.
The United States has over 175 days related to awareness of specific foods or drinks.

Postpartum period

The postpartum (or postnatal) period begins after childbirth and lasts for six weeks after birth. 

There are three phases of the postnatal period:

The World Health Organization (WHO) says that the postnatal period is the most critical and the most ignored phase in the lives of mothers and babies. Most maternal and newborn deaths happen during this period.

A woman giving birth may leave as soon as she is medically stable, which can be as early as a few hours postpartum. However the average for a vaginal birth is one to two days. The average caesarean section postnatal stay is three to four days. During this time, the mother is checked for bleeding, bowel and bladder function, and baby care. The infant's health is also checked. 

Many organizations recommend routine postpartum evaluation at certain times in the postpartum period.

The delayed postpartum period starts after the subacute postpartum phase and lasts up to six months. During this time, muscles and connective tissue returns to a pre-pregnancy state. Recovery from childbirth problems such as urinary function are typically very slow and in some cases may not resolve. Symptoms of PTSD often disappear in this period. During this period, infant sleep during the night increases and maternal sleep usually improves. 

During the subacute postpartum phase, psychological problems may show up such as postpartum depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, and in rare cases, psychosis. Postpartum mental illness can affect both mothers and fathers, and is not uncommon.

Postpartum depression

Postpartum depression (PPD), also called postnatal depression, is a type of mood disorder that happens after childbirth, which can affect both sexes.

Symptoms may include extreme sadness, low energy, anxiety, crying episodes, and changes in sleeping or eating patterns. PPD can also negatively affect the newborn child. 

While the exact cause of PPD is unknown, the cause is believed to be a combination of physical, emotional, genetic, and social factors. These may include factors such as hormonal changes and sleep problems. Risk factors include bipolar disorder, a family history of depression, psychological stress, problems during childbirth, lack of support, or a drug use disorder. 

Diagnosis is based on a person's symptoms. While most women experience a short time of worry or unhappiness after delivery, postpartum depression should be seen when symptoms are severe and last over two weeks.

Among those at risk, giving psychosocial support could prevent PPD. This may include community support such as food, household chores, mother care, and friendship. Treatment for PPD may include counseling or medications. Types of counseling have been found to be useful in treating PPD. 

Postpartum depression affects roughly 8.9-10.1% of women in high income countries and 17.8-19.7% of women in low and middle income countries. Postpartum depression commonly affects mothers who have had experienced stillbirth, live in urban areas, and are single mothers. This mood disorder is seen to affect 1% to 26% of new fathers. 

Postpartum psychosis is a more severe form of postpartum mood disorder and happens in about 1 to 2 per 1,000 women following childbirth. Postpartum psychosis is one of the leading causes of murder of children less than one year of age. It happens in about 8 per 100,000 births in the United States.

Sidney M. Wolfe

Sidney Manuel Wolfe (June 12, 1937 – January 1, 2024) was an American physician and health activist. He was the co-founder and director of Public Citizen's Health Research Group, a consumer and health advocacy lobbying organization. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. 

Wolfe was known for campaigning against the use of some pharmaceutical medications due to the health issues they had caused. Wolfe was also known for his criticisms of the Food and Drug Administration.
Wolfe died of a brain tumor on January 1, 2024 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 86.


Miami Herald

The Miami Herald is an American newspaper. It is headquartered in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Founded in 1903, it is the fifth largest newspaper in Florida.The "Miami Herald" has been awarded 24 Pulitzer Prizes.

In 1903, Frank B. Stoneman moved the "Orlando Record" newspaper to Miami, and called it the "Miami Evening Record". In 1907, the name changed to the "Miami Morning News-Record". 

In 1910, Frank B. Shutts bought the newspaper and renamed it to the "Miami Herald".

During the Florida land boom of the 1920s, the "Miami Herald" was the largest newspaper in the world. 

The newspaper won its first Pulitzer Prize in 1950, for its reporting on Miami's organized crime.<ref name="miamiherald/273648785"></ref>

The newspaper was bought in 2019.

Zvi Zamir

Zvi Zamir () (born Zvicka Zarzevsky; 3 March 1925 – 2 January 2024) was a Polish-born Israeli major general in the Israel Defense Forces. He was the director of the Mossad from 1968 to 1974. During his time as Mossad director, he oversaw the country's response to the Munich massacre and the Yom Kippur War. He was also a businessman and was CEO of BAZAN Group in the 1970s.

Zamir was born in Łódź, Poland. He moved to the British Mandate of Palestine when he was seven months old.

Zamir died on 2 January 2023 in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 98.


Lindsey Haun

Lindsey Haun (born November 21, 1984) is an American singer.


Florida land boom of the 1920s

The Florida land boom of the 1920s was the first real estate bubble in Florida. It happened between 1924 to 1926. It attracted investors from all over the United States and around the world. It left behind new properties in Florida. Some of these properties were racially segregated for many years. 

The main cities affected by this economic bubble were Miami Beach, Coral Gables, Hialeah, Miami Springs, Opa-locka, Miami Shores, and Hollywood, Florida. It also left behind failed projects such as Aladdin City, the original plan of Boca Raton, Chevelier, Fulford-by-the-Sea, Interocean City, Isola di Lolando, Okeelanta, Palm Beach Ocean, Poinciana, and Sun City. 

The economic bubble made new cities. It ended in a financial collapse that ruined many investors and property owners. It made the local economy worse for many years after.

The economic growth in the 1920s, along with a lack of knowledge of weather conditions and bad building standards started it. People outside of the United States pictured Miami as a tropical paradise. More tourists began to visit Miami or immigrate to Miami. 

By 1925, investors were beginning to read negative articles about Florida investments. "Forbes" magazine wrote that Florida land prices were based on no real land value. The Internal Revenue Service began to say that the economic bubble was as a big sham operation. In October 1925, the main railroad companies in Florida stopped sending many products to the state. Also in 1925, Florida began to pass laws to control real estate. One law was that salespeople had to have licenses and offices. This caused more demand for office spaces.

The city's image as a tropical paradise began to crumble. In May 1926, the boom was about to end. The 1926 Miami hurricane ended the boom, and the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane completely stopped it.


Li Andersson

Li Sigrid Andersson (born 13 May 1987) is a Finnish politician. She was the Minister of Education from 2019 to 2023. She has been the leader of the Left Alliance since 2016. She has been a Member of Parliament since 2015. 

In September 2023, Andersson announced her candidacy for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Jussi Halla-aho

Jussi Kristian Halla-aho (; born 27 April 1971) is a Finnish politician. He is the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland since 2023. Halla-aho has served as a member of the Parliament of Finland from 2011 to 2014 and again since 2019. He was the leader of the Finns Party from 10 June 2017 to 14 August 2021. 

Between 2014 and 2019, he was a member of the European Parliament. He is a candidate for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Jutta Urpilainen

Jutta Pauliina Urpilainen (born 4 August 1975) is a Finnish politician. She was the first female chair of the Social Democratic Party of Finland, which she led from 2008 to 2014. She was the Minister of Finance as well as the Deputy Prime Minister of Finland from 2011 to 2014. She is the European Commissioner for International Partnerships since 2019. She is a candidate for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Sari Essayah

Sari Miriam Essayah (born 21 February 1967) is a Finnish retired racewalker and a politician. She has been a member of the Parliament of Finland since 2015. She is the president of the Finnish Christian Democrats party. She is the Minister of Agriculture and Forestry since 2023.

She competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics, coming in 4th and 16th place respectively.

In 2016, Essayah became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and she has been a member of the Ethics Committee, Finnish Athletics Association since 2014.

Essayah ran for President of Finland in the 2012 election, coming in last place. She is running again in the 2024 election.

2024 Finnish presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Finland on 28 January 2024, and a second round was held on 11 February 2024. Voters elected the President of the Republic for a six-year term. Current President Sauli Niinistö is term-limited and cannot run for re-election since he has served the maximum two terms.

Had the new president been elected in the first round on 28 January by winning more than half of valid votes cast, their term would have begun on 1 February. However, No candidate received a majority of votes.

Alexander Stubb and Pekka Haavisto ran in a runoff on 11 February with Stubb winning 51.6% to Haavisto's 48.4%. The result in the second round was the closest in the history of presidential elections in Finland. Stubb will be inaugurated as president on 1 March.

Bob Ferguson (politician)

Robert Watson Ferguson (born February 23, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician. Since 2013 he has been attorney general of Washington, the 18th person to serve in that office. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

In 2017, Ferguson was included on the annual "Time" 100 list of the most influential people in the world.

In September 2023, Ferguson announced that he is a candidate for Governor of Washington in the 2024 election.

Ferguson is an internationally rated chess master. He has twice won the Washington State Chess Championship.

Norm Dicks

Norman DeValois Dicks (born December 16, 1940) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the U.S. representative for , between 1977 and 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Killing of Melvin Fletcher Jr

Two St. Paul police officers were cleared by a grand jury Wednesday of any wrongdoing in the shooting death of a suspected grocery store robber in 2012.

A grand jury issued a "no bill" in the slaying of Melvin Fletcher Jr., 20, of Brooklyn Park, who was shot and killed Dec. 17 by at least one officer after he allegedly robbed Kowalski's Market at 1261 Grand Av., according to a release by the Ramsey County attorney's office.

The jurors determined that probable cause did not exist to charge officers Theodore Mackintosh and Jeffrey Thissen, who both have more than a decade of experience with the department, and that their use of deadly force was authorised.

Melvin Duane Fletcher Jr. (December 23, 1991 - December 17, 2012) is a son of Melvin Fletcher Sr. down back to his school before he died.
In 1994, he started visiting his school before he stop visiting school when he was educated, Melvin's mother says My son was shot during a gunshot, also his father said that.

2024 Haneda Airport runway collision

On 2 January 2024, Japan Airlines Flight 516 was involved in an accident when it collided with a Japan Coast Guard aircraft while landing at Haneda Airport in Tokyo. Both planes caught fire after the impact. On the Japan Airlines plane, all of the 379 people on board got out safely. The Japan Coast Guard plane had 6 people, but 5 of them died, leaving 1 survivor. In total, 380 people survived. This is the first major accident and hull loss of an Airbus A350.

The Japan Airlines plane involved was an Airbus A350-941, registration JA13XJ, made in 2021, with two Rolls-Royce engines. The Japan Coast Guard plane was a De Havilland Canada Dash 8, registered as JA722A.

Japan Airlines Flight 516 left New Chitose Airport in Sapporo at 16:27 JST, and around 17:47, it collided with a Japan Coast Guard Dash 8 while landing at Haneda Airport. The Coast Guard plane was getting ready to deliver supplies to Niigata after the 2024 Noto earthquake.

Strange Fruit

"Strange Fruit" is a song written by Abel Meeropol and recorded by Billie Holiday in 1939. The song protests the lynching of Black Americans in the South and reached its peak in the early 20th century. The song has been a declaration and the beginning of the civil rights movement. Holiday's version of the song was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1978. It has been covered by a number of artists over the years including Nina Simone in 1965.

Circle of competence

A circle of competence is the subject area that is a person or group's skills or expertise.

The circle of competence can be determined by many factors, including their profession, spending habits, and the types of products they normally use.

Japan Coast Guard

The is the coast guard of Japan.

The Japan Coast Guard has about 13,700 personnel and is responsible for the protection of the coastline of Japan. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism is in charge of the coast guard. The Japan Coast Guard was founded in 1948.

The motto of the Japan Coast Guard is .

Ankusha

The ankusha, bullhook, or elephant goad is a tool employed by mahout consists of a hook (usually bronze or steel) which is attached.

Cherelle Parker

Cherelle Lesley Parker (born September 10, 1972) is an American politician who has served as the 100th Mayor of Philadelphia since 2024. She is the first woman to hold the office.

Mike Johnston (Colorado politician)

Michael Christopher Johnston (born November 17, 1974) is an American educator and politician. He is the 46th and current mayor of Denver, Colorado since 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Johnston was a member of the Colorado Senate from 2009 to 2017. He was a candidate for Governor of Colorado in 2018, losing in the primary to Jared Polis. He was also a candidate for the U.S. Senate in 2020, before withdrawing from the race in September 2019.

John Cooper (Tennessee politician)

John Cooper (born October 15, 1956) is an American businessman who was the mayor of Nashville, Tennessee from 2019 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the brother of former U.S. representative Jim Cooper, who represented Tennessee's 5th congressional district.

On January 31, 2023, Cooper announced that he would not run for reelection in the 2023 Nashville mayoral election.

Freddie O'Connell

Thomas Frederick O'Connell (born 1976/1977) is an American politician who is mayor of Metropolitan Nashville since 2023.

Buddy Dyer

John Hugh "Buddy" Dyer (born August 7, 1958) is an American Democratic politician who became Mayor of Orlando, Florida since 2003. Before, he was a representative for Orlando in the Florida State Senate from 1992 to 2002.

Frank Ryan (American football)

Frank Beall Ryan (July 12, 1936 – January 1, 2024) was an American professional football player. He was born in Fort Worth, Texas. He was a quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Los Angeles Rams from 1958 to 1961, Cleveland Browns from 1962 to 1968 and Washington Redskins from 1969 to 1970. 

Ryan was also a mathematician and was a faculty member at Case Western Reserve University from 1967 to 1974.

Ryan died at a nursing home in Waterford, Connecticut on January 1, 2024 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 87.


Consort of Spain

The Consort of Spain or Spanish consort is the constitutional form of government of Spain. It consists as the husband or wife of the monarch, being the second next highest office of the country. The current consort is Letizia since 19 June 2014, after the abdication of her husbands father, King Juan Carlos I. 
List of F5 and EF5 tornadoes

This is a list of tornadoes rated F5 on the Fujita scale, EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita scale, IF5 on the , or T10-T11 on the TORRO scale, which is equivalent to an F5 rating. These ratings (F5/EF5/IF5/T10/T11) are the highest possible ratings on the various global tornado intensity scales. These various scales attempt to estimate the strength of a tornado by classifying the damage caused to nature and man-made structures in the tornado's path.

Tornadoes are among the most violent known meteorological phenomena. Each year, more than 2,000 tornadoes are recorded worldwide, with the majority occurring in North America and Europe. In order to assess the intensity of these events, meteorologist Ted Fujita created a way to estimate highest wind speeds within tornadic storms based on the damage caused; this became known as the Fujita scale. The scale ranks tornadoes from F0 to F5, with F0 being the least intense and F5 being the most intense. F5 tornadoes were estimated to have had maximum winds between and .
Following two particularly devastating tornadoes in 1997 and 1999, engineers questioned the reliability of the Fujita scale. Ultimately, a new scale was created that considered 28 different damage indicators; this became known as the Enhanced Fujita scale. The Enhanced Fujita scale is used almost entirely in North America. Most of Europe, however, uses the TORRO tornado intensity scale (TORRO scale or T-Scale), which ranks tornado intensity between T0 and T11; F5/EF5 tornadoes are about the same to T10 to T11 on the T-Scale.

In the United States, between 1950 and January 31, 2007, a total of 50 tornadoes were officially rated F5, and since February 1, 2007, a total of nine tornadoes have been officially rated EF5. Since 1950, Canada has had one tornado officially rated an F5. Outside the United States and Canada, seven tornadoes have been officially rated F5/EF5/T10+ or equivalent: two each in France, Germany, and one in Italy, Argentina and Australia.

Several other tornadoes have also been documented as possibly attaining this status, though they are not officially rated as such. The work of tornado expert revealed the existence of several dozen likely F5 tornadoes between 1880 and 1995. Grazulis also called into question the ratings of several tornadoes currently rated F5 by official sources. Many tornadoes officially rated F4/EF4 have been questioned and described as actual F5/EF5/T10+ tornadoes, and vice versa; since structures are completely destroyed in both cases, distinguishing between an EF4 tornado and an EF5 tornado is often very difficult. Additionally, because tornado ratings are damage-based, many tornadoes capable of causing F5/EF5/T10+ damage, such as those that move through rural areas, may receive lower ratings because their strongest winds do not strike any suitable damage indicators.

The tornadoes on this list have been formally rated F5 by an official government source. Unless otherwise noted, the source of the F5 rating is the U.S. National Weather Service (NWS), as shown in the archives of the Storm Prediction Center (SPC) and National Climatic Data Center (NCDC).

Before 1950, assessments of F5 tornadoes are based primarily on the work of Thomas P. Grazulis. The NCDC has accepted 38 of his F5 classifications of tornadoes occurring between 1880 and 1950. In addition to the accepted ones, Grazulis rated a further 25 during the same period which were not accepted. Grazulis' work has identified 16 additional F5 tornadoes between 1950 and 1995, with four later being accepted by the NCDC. From 1950 to 1970, tornadoes were assessed retrospectively, primarily using information recorded in government databases, as well as newspaper photographs and eyewitness accounts. Beginning in 1971, tornadoes were rated by the NWS using on-site damage surveys.

As of February 1, 2007, tornadoes in the United States are rated using the Enhanced Fujita scale, which replaced the Fujita scale in order to more accurately correlate tornadic intensity with damage indicators and to augment and refine damage descriptors. No earlier tornadoes will be reclassified on the Enhanced Fujita scale, and no new tornadoes in the United States will be rated on the original Fujita scale. France and Canada also adopted the EF-Scale in the next few years. Since the creation of the International Fujita scale in 2018, no tornadoes have been rated IF5.

Worldwide, a total of 67 tornadoes have been officially rated F5/EF5: 59 in the United States, two each in France and Germany, and one each in Argentina, Australia, Canada, and Italy. Of the 59 tornadoes in the United States, 50 are officially rated F5 on the original Fujita scale (with dates of occurrence between May 11, 1953, and May 3, 1999), and nine are officially rated EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita scale (with dates of occurrence between May 4, 2007, and May 20, 2013). In total, 57 of these tornadoes have been rated F5 and ten have been rated EF5.


The process to rate tornadic damage is often difficult. Because of the difficulty, the official ratings of tornadoes are sometimes questioned by others. These may be questioned by other meteorologists, universities and colleges, as well as independent studies published in academic journals.

This is a list of tornadoes. Tornadoes on this list may have been previously rated F5 or EF5 by the official government damage surveyors. Tornadoes on this list may have also been rated F5 or EF5 by some other meteorologist or expert.


This is a list of tornadoes which had possible F5 or EF5 damage. The ratings of possible F5 or EF5 damage could come from the National Weather Service, other branches of the U.S. government, or other tornado experts.


This is a list of tornadoes which may have or did reached F5 or EF5 strength. These tornadoes did not caused F5 or EF5 damage. However, experts or scientists have determined these tornadoes reached F5 or EF5 intensity or think they did.




European Severe Storms Laboratory

The European Severe Storms Laboratory (ESSL) is a scientific organisation that conducts research on severe convective storms, tornadoes, intense precipitation events, and avalanches across Europe and the Mediterranean. It operates the widely cited European Severe Weather Database (ESWD). ESSL is also responsible for leading the creation of the International Fujita scale in 2018 to replace the Fujita scale.

The European Severe Storms Laboratory started as an informal network of European scientists with the goal to advance research on severe convective storms and extreme weather events on a European level. It was initiated in 2002 by Nikolai Dotzek and became a non-profit organization with charitable status in 2006.

The ESSL focuses on research questions concerning convective storms and other extreme weather phenomena which can be treated more efficiently on a pan-European scale. It can be seen as roughly the European counterpart to the US's National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL). Some members of ESSL participate in the European Storm Forecast Experiment (ESTOFEX) which issues daily forecasts of severe convective storms. It can be seen as the operational counterpart to the US Storm Prediction Center (SPC) akin to ESSL being the research counterpart to NSSL, although both European organizations currently lack the institutional support enjoyed by the US organisations which are government entities.

The purposes of the ESSL are:


Lucie Jones

Lucie Bethan Jones (born 20 March 1991) is a Welsh singer, musical theatre actress and model. She competed on "The X Factor" in 2006 and later represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017 with the song "Never Give Up on You", finishing 15th.

Hastings Ndlovu

Hastings Ndlovu (2 February 1961 – 16 June 1976) was a South African activist who was shot and killed during the 1976 Soweto uprising.

Ndlovu was 15 years old on the day of the uprising. He and other Black students protested against an official order making Afrikaans required in their schools and banning their local languages in these schools. On that morning, he led these students towards the bridge in Khumalo Street, where they met police from the Orlando Police Station led by Colonel Kleingeld. Kleingeld later claimed that he was "inciting the mob". There he was shot at, and he was actually the first to be shot according to police records. However, his death did not become as iconic as Hector Pieterson's because no photographer was present to record Ndlovu's death and it was not immediately known.

Ndlovu was taken, in the middle of the morning, to Chris Hani Baragnawath Hospital with gunshot wounds. More specifically, he had a bullet wound to one side of his head. Brains and blood spilled out of a large exit wound on the other. He also had a coma from the moment he was shot, and he was dead at some time around midday. This was all recorded by his doctor, Malcolm Klein, in his report from 2003, now in the Hector Pieterson Museum.

Ndlovu's legacy was passed on by his family. His father died in 2003 and his two sisters went into exile shortly after 16 June but have returned to Johannesburg. It is believed that his mother died shortly after her two daughters left South Africa.

Ndlovu was laid to rest in the same cemetery as Pieterson, Avalon Cemetery, and is honoured alongside Pieterson at the Hector Pieterson Museum His home was given a blue plaque on June 16, 2012 as a spot on the June 16 Soweto Heritage Trail to remember his sacrifice. Ndlovu's bridge, on the corner of Klipspruit Valley and Khumalo roads, marks the location where he was shot by the police. On the bridge there is a statue of young Ndlovu dressed in uniform and standing on a plinth (heavy supporting base). He is smiling and holding his arm up. Storyboards line each side of the bridge, on the sides of a new steel and concrete structure with seating.

Japan Trench

The Japan Trench is a long oceanic trench in the Pacific Ocean near Japan. It is a deep and wide trench, and it is famous because it's where one of the most powerful earthquakes happened in 2011. This earthquake caused a big tsunami that affected Japan's eastern coast. The Japan Trench is important because it's where two of Earth's tectonic plates meet: the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. These plates move and sometimes cause earthquakes and tsunamis in the region.

The rate of subduction associated with the Japan Trench has been recorded at about 7.9–9.2 centimetres (3.1–3.6 in)/yr.

Felix Dzerzhinsky

Felix Dzerzhinsky was the first leader of the Cheka, or the first Soviet state security organization. He was a Polish aristocrat-turned-Communist.

Eyestalk ablation

Eyestalk ablation is a common practice in shrimp farming. "Ablation" is a more technical word for "removal". With eyestack ablation, one or both eyestalks are removed from female shrimps. Sometimes the eyestalks are not removed, but they are made unusable. This is done to encourage the crustaceans to develop mature ovaries and lay eggs. In captivity, female shrimps often face challenges in maturing their ovaries. Even when a species can reproduce in captivity, eyestalk ablation boosts egg production and the number of females involved in reproduction. After eyestalk ablation, complete ovarian development can happen in as little as three to ten days, making shrimp farming more reliable.

The main idea behind eyestalk ablation is to reduce the inhibitory effect of a hormone called gonad inhibitory hormone (GIH).This hormone is produced in the eyestalk. It is usually present in higher levels during non-breeding seasons, inhibiting ovary development. By removing the eyestalk, the level of GIH decreases, allowing mature ovaries to develop. Another theory suggests that eyestalk ablation affects light perception, influencing ovarian maturation. The exact way eyestack ablation works is not fully understood.

Critics argue that eyestalk ablation is harmful to shrimps as it is often done without anesthesia, causing stress due to impaired vision. In some shrimp species, like the tiger prawn, the eyestalks can fully regenerate in less than six months. There is also a debate about the ways in which crustaceans feel pain.

Eyestalk ablation is currently prohibited in Europe for organic production. In 2016, Seajoy, one of the major producers of premium farmed shrimp in Central America, started to farm only ablation-free shrimp.

Eye ablation in female shrimps has various effects, including:

There are different ways to do eyestalk ablation, including:

There are viable alternatives. They include:


Non-ablated females have lower mortality rates and produce more robust offspring; this reduces the need for chemicals and antibiotics.

Saleh al-Arouri

Saleh al-Arouri (, also transliterated as Salah al-Arouri or Salih al-Aruri; 19 August 1966 – 2 January 2024) was a senior leader of Hamas, and a founding commander of its military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, at the time of his death. He lived in Lebanon. 

On 2 January 2024, al-Arouri was killed in Dahieh, suburban Beirut, in a missile attack by the Israeli regime.

Philautus mjobergi

The Murud bubble-nest frog ("Philautus mjobergi") is a frog. It lives in Borneo, in Indonesia and Malaysia. People have seen it between 1500 and 3000 meters above sea level.

Sartaj Aziz

Sartaj Aziz (; 7 February 1929 – 2 January 2024) was a Pakistani economist and politician. Aziz was born in Mardan, then-British India.

Aziz was the Minister of Finance from 1990 to 1993 and 1997 to 1998. He was the National Security Advisor from 2013 to 2015. He also was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1998 to 1999 and again from 2013 to 2017. He worked in the government of Nawaz Sharif. Aziz was also a member of the Senate from 1988 to 1999.

Aziz died on 2 January 2024 in Islamabad, Pakistan at the age of 94.

Professional Women's Hockey League

The Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL; ) is a professional women's ice hockey league. It was made on August 29, 2023. There are 6 teams in the league; 3 in Canada and 3 in the United States. The league was first announced on August 29, 2023. The first game of the league was held on January 1, 2024 between PWHL New York and PWHL Toronto.

The league is owned by the Mark Walter Group and management of the league is headed by commissioner Jayna Hefford. Brian Burke also works as an executive director of the players' union.

Alison Christie

Ali Christie-Upton (born 1 December 1969 Jersey) is a Scottish rugby union player.

From 1994-2004, she competed for Scotland. She competed at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup She competed at Womens Six Nations Championship.

She played for Richmond Rugby. She has also represented the Classic Lionesses team, in the 2003 Bermuda Classics and in 2007 Murrayfield Stadium. 

Pain in crustaceans

Pain in crustaceans is the debate of whether or not crustaceans can feel pain, and in what way they feel pain. Pain is a complex state, and it may involve suffering. It is difficult to see if an animal feels pain. In general, pain is caused by harmful stimuli, and animals that feel pain will avoid these stimuli. To actually feel the pain, the animal also needs a more or less complex nervous system. Crustaceans fulfil several criteria. They do have a complex nervous system, they have opioid receptors, and they react less, when they are given anesthetics (painkillers). 

Also, they show some degree of learning how to avoid the bad stimulus.

Eyestalk

An Eyestalk, eye stalk or ommatophore is a feature that moves an eye away from the body in anatomy. That way, the eye has a better field of view. Eyestalks are a specialized type of tentacle. Tentacles may also have olfactory organs at their ends. Examples of creatures with olfactory tentacles include snails, the trilobite superfamily Asaphida, and the fly family Diopsidae. In slugs and snails, these tentacles will regrow if severely damaged, and in some species, are retractable. Crustaceans also have eyestalks, consisting of two segments. 

Maria Callas Museum

The Maria Callas Museum is a museum created for the famous Greek soprano Maria Callas. It opened on 26 October 2023, and is located in Athens, Greece.

In 2000, the City of Athens bought some of Callas' personal objects, and started a collection about the soprano, with the goal of creating an exhibition for the 2004 Summer Olympics. In 2010, the City bought a three storey building of the interwar period located on 44 Mitropoleos Street, for 7 million euros. Three years later, it was decided that the Callas collection would be moved to that building.

The study for the museum made by Erato Koutsoudaki, Andromache Gazi and Alexandros Charkiolakis was first presented in 2014. The Maria Callas Museum opened a decade later, on Thursday, 26 October 2023. The museum's management was given to the managers of the Technopolis of Athens cultural centre, for the years 2023 to 2028.

The museum has many of Callas' personal objects, costumes for opera and personal haute couture clothes. According to the museum's co-designer, architect and museum specialist Erato Koutsoudaki, the museum's collection is not its greatest element; its exhibitions were based on Callas' personality and they include her singing voice and interviews of hers.


Gimli, Manitoba

Gimli is a town in Canada where people speak Icelandic. It is one of the five settlements who speak Icelandic. This town is owned by Canada. The province locator for this town is Manitoba. It is the largest Icelandic community outside Iceland.

1764 Woldegk tornado

The 1764 Woldegk tornado was one of the strongest tornadoes in history, receiving the T11 rating on the TORRO scale and an F5 rating on the Fujita scale. It had winds estimated to be more than . The tornado traveled and reached a maximum width of . Most of the information known about this tornado came from a 77-paragraph study by German scientist Gottlob Burchard Genzmer, which was published one year after the tornado happened. The tornado completely destroyed several structures, and several tree branches were believed to have been thrown into the atmosphere. Many areas were covered with up to of ice. The storm which produced the violent tornado was dry, with almost no rain reported. Large hail, reportedly reaching in diameter covered the ground, caused significant crop and property damage, killed dozens of animals, and injured multiple people in a large stretch around the tornado and to the northwest of the tornado's path.


Float glass

Float glass is a sheet of glass made by melting glass and spreading it on molten metal that has a low melting point, such as tin, or lead. In this way, we get a very flat and evenly thick surface. Making float glass like that, is also known as the Pilkington process. It was given this name, because the glass-making company Pilkington was the first to use this way of making glass in the 1950s, at their factory in St Helens, Merseyside, England.

Modern windows are usually made from float glass. Some types of glass used for screens are also made in the same way as float glass.


United Football League (2024)

The United Football League is an American Football league that was founded (created) in 2023 from the merger of the 2020 XFL and 2022 USFL. The first season was played in 2024.

Four teams came from the XFL and three came from the USFL, while each league's Houston, Texas-based team was merged with its counterpart to create one. The XFL's Roughnecks take the Gamblers' place in the USFL while keeping the Roughnecks brand and Gamblers' player rights and coaching staff.

You're All I Need to Get By

"You're All I Need to Get By" is a 1968 song by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell from their album "You're All I Need". It went to number 7 in the United States, number 19 in the United Kingdom and number 17 in Canada. It was covered by Johnny Mathis featuring Denice Williams in 1978 for their album "That's What Friends Are For" and went to number 47 in the United States, number 45 in the United Kingdom and number 52 in Canada. It was also covered by Aretha Franklin in 1971 and Tony Orlando & Dawn in 1975.

Arlington Stadium

Arlington Stadium (known as Turnpike Stadium from 1965-1971) was a stadium in Arlington, Texas. From 1972 until 1993, it was a baseball park that was home to the Major League Baseball team called the Texas Rangers. The ballpark was the first home of the Rangers after moving from Washington, D.C. It closed in 1993 after the Rangers moved across the street to Globe Life Park. Arlington Stadium was demolished the same year and is now an empty field.

TikTok Billboard Top 50

The TikTok "Billboard" Top 50 is a chart published by "Billboard magazine every week." It ranks the most popular songs on the social media platform TikTok in the United States based on video views and user engagement.


Geraldine Viswanathan

Geraldine Viswanathan (born 20 June 1995) is an Australian actress.

Description above from the Wikipedia article Geraldine Viswanathan, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia.

All Faiths Chapel

All Faiths Chapel, previously known as Chapel for the Children, is a house of worship available to anyone who practices any faith. All Faiths Chapel is also a historical landmark. 

It is inside the Austin State Supported Living Center (AusSSLC), an assisted living facility for people with developmental or intellectual disabilities, in Austin, Texas. AusSSLC was known at the time of the chapel's construction as the Austin State School.

As of May 9, 2022, it is on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance in architectural, disability, and social history.

The chapel was built to honor a request by Reverend Luther Holloway, who was Austin State School’s chaplain, for a dedicated space for worship.

Organizations such as the Protestant Austin Council of Church Women, the Austin Jewish Community Council, and the Catholic Ladies of Charity, organized a fundraising campaign for the construction of the chapel across the state. More funding came from soldiers who were stationed in Germany. The funds raised eventually totaled over $100,000.

Construction by architect David Calvert Graeber finished around 1961, and Chapel for the Children was dedicated on January 21, 1962.

From 1961 to 1972, Chapel for the Children served as a chapel for students of all faiths who lived in the AusSSLC. It is now an area for spiritual and religious services for residents, family members, employees, and the public.

After David Graeber’s death in 2010, the chapel hosted his memorial service. Family members asked for, in place of flowers, donations to be made in Graeber's name to the maintenance fund for the chapel.

All Faiths Chapel consists of 3 distinct sections: the main chapel, a meditation garden, and a chaplaincy office.


The main chapel consists of a 52-foot tall A-frame with a ceiling lighted by the sky.

Both gable ends feature the stained glass design "Miracle in the Sky" by artist Blossom Burns.

The interior design includes copper light fixtures made by hand and door handles that depict simple abstract style flying birds. The Texas Historical Commission states that these birds "reflect the importance of music and graphic arts in teaching religious concepts to persons with physical and cognitive impairments."


To the north of the main chapel is a fully landscaped exterior courtyard called the "Meditation Garden". There are sidewalks that lead both back to the chapel and to the chaplaincy office.

The primary entrance to the garden has the verse Isaiah 56:7 from the Bible written on it: "MINE HOUSE SHALL BE CALLED AN ["sic"] HOUSE OF PRAYER FOR ALL PEOPLE".

In the northwest corner, there is a tall mature oak tree. In the southeast corner is a large limestone statue, titled "Lazarus," which was donated by David Graeber’s son Larry Graeber in 2015. "Lazarus" is of a man reclining and looking upwards towards the west.


There is a chaplaincy office attached, with five office rooms and one restroom. The office rooms include a sacrament room, office space, a meeting room, and a communal room with a small attached kitchen.

Heartbreak Hotel

"Heartbreak Hotel" is a song by Elvis Presley. It was released on January 27, 1956 and topped the single charts in the United States and made number 2 in the United Kingdom. In 1995 was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame and was covered by numerous artists including Willie Nelson featuring Leon Russell in 1979 and Billy Joel in 1992.

Madison Beer

Madison Elle Beer (born March 5, 1999) is an American singer and songwriter.

In 2018, Beer released "Dead" and "Home with You". Both certified Gold by the RIAA. The next year, Beer signed with Epic Records and released her debut album, "Life Support" in 2021. The album got popular on TikTok and was certified Gold by the RIAA.

Beer's second album, "Silence Between Songs", was released in September 2023. The album has been nominated for ‘Best Immersive Album’ at the Grammy Awards.

Madison Elle Beer was born in Jericho, New York, to a Jewish family on March 5, 1999.


GM Quader

GM Quader (Ghulam Muhammad Quader; Bengali: গোলাম মোহাম্মদ কাদের; birth: February 24, 1948), is a Bangladeshi politician and the current chairperson of Jatiya Party. He represents Lalmonirhat-3 in Jatiya Sangsad and held ministerial positions in Commerce, Civil Aviation, and Tourism from 2009 to 2014.

Burgundians

The Burgundians (; ; ; ) was a tribe or group of tribes of East Germanic or Vandal. They settled in the region which is now Poland during the time of the Roman Empire.

Ivan Martynushkin

Ivan Stepanovich Martynushkin (; born 18 January 1924) is a Russian World War II veteran. He is the last surviving liberator of the Auschwitz concentration camp, after the death of David Dushman in 2021. Martynushkin was born in Ryazan Governorate, then-Soviet Union.


John Curtis (Utah politician)

John Ream Curtis (born May 10, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for Utah's 3rd congressional district since 2017. Curtis, a Republican, was mayor of Provo, Utah, from 2010 to 2017. He is a candidate for the United States Senate in the 2024 Senate election to replace retiring Senator Mitt Romney.

Bukky Leo

Leoford Olubukola Afolabi, known professionally as Bukky Leo, is a British Afrobeat and jazz musician, saxophonist, and lead singer for the band Black Egypt. Born on November 22, 1957, in London, he has made significant contributions to the music scene, drawing inspiration from Afrobeat legends and Tony Allen.

Leo relocated to Nigeria in 1964 at the age of six. At 14, his talent on the saxophone caught the attention of Tony Allen. During the early 1970s, he became a regular attendee at the , residence in Lagos. Leo played with Tony Allen in the Mighty Irokos band.

In 1982, Bukky Leo moved to the United Kingdom, where he met A&R man . In 1988, he released the EP 'Rejoice in Righteousness' on , establishing himself as a pioneer in the scene. Leo has been featured in The Guardian's piece on 'Acid Jazz at 25,' highlighting his influential role in the genre.

Throughout his career, he has collaborated with various bands, including Highlife International, Farenji Warriors, and Bush Men Don't Surf led by . Bukky Leo's discography reflects his diverse musical journey, encompassing Afro Jazz, Acid Jazz, and collaborations with notable artists.
















Lili Zografou

Lili Zografou (; Greek: Λιλή Ζωγράφου; June 17, 1922 – October 2, 1998) was a Greek journalist, novelist, dramatist, essayist, and political activist. She is known for her book "Nikos Kazantzakis: enas traghikos" in which she examined the work of Greek writer Nikos Kazantzakis. This book of hers was published in 1959, three years after Kazantzakis' death.

Zografou supported women's rights. In her books, she wrote about how women lived in the late 20th century Greek society. Her work's main themes are civil liberties, freedom of speech, sexual violence and sexual revolution. 

When Greece lost to the Axis, Zografou joined the Greek Resistance against the Nazis. She was put to prison while pregnant and gave birth inside the jail. Zografou criticised the Greek military junta of 1967-1973. With her book "Epangelma: Porni" ("Occupation: Whore"), she described the dictatorship in her country, in order to show its cruelty. 

A Greek writer and critic of literature, Demosthenis Kourtovik, called Zografou "the dark Goddess Hecate of Greek literature".

Nikos Kazantzakis

Nikos Kazantzakis ( ; 2 March (OS 18 February) 188326 October 1957) was a Greek writer, journalist, politician, poet and philosopher. He is considered by many people to be one of the greatest writers of modern Greek literature. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in nine different years. He remains the Greek author whose work has been translated in most languages worldwide.

Kazantzakis' works include "Zorba the Greek" (published in 1946 as "Life and Times of Alexis Zorbas"), "Christ Recrucified" (1948) and "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1955). He also wrote theatrical plays, travel books, memoirs, and essays about philosophy. He became famous in the English-speaking world thanks to the movies "Zorba the Greek" (1964) and "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1988), that were based on his books of the same titles.

He also translated a number of famous works into Modern Greek, such as the "Divine Comedy", Thus Spoke Zarathustra and "On the Origin of Species." He wrote Modern Greek editions of Homer's "Iliad" and "Odyssey".


Greek junta

The Greek junta or Regime of the Colonels was a right-wing military dictatorship that controlled Greece from 1967 to 1974. On 21 April 1967, a group of colonels removed the caretaker government a month before elections that Georgios Papandreou and his political party, Centre Union, would probably win.

The dictatorship was anti-communist and it restricted civil liberties. It put many people to jail and tortured them. Many of the dictators' political enemies were sent into exile. 

From 1967 to 1973, the junta's leader was Georgios Papadopoulos. From 1973 to 24 July 1974, Dimitrios Ioannidis was its leader. He lost control of the Greek state after the Turkish invasion of Cyprus. 

When the junta lost, the Metapolitefsi (, meaning "regime change") started. Greece's political system changed to democracy and the Third Hellenic Republic began. It has been said that the junta was very much influenced by the CIA.


Greek resistance

The Greek resistance (, meaning "National Resistance"), was the fight of armed and unarmed groups of many political views, against the Axis powers that had captured Greece. It went from 1941 to 1944, during World War II. The largest group was the communist-influenced EAM-ELAS.

The Greek Resistance is considered to have been one of the strongest resistance movements in Nazi-occupied Europe. Its partisans, were men and women known as andartes and andartisses (, meaning "male and female rebels"). They controlled much of the countryside before the Germans left Greece in the end of 1944.


Atmospheric window

An atmospheric window is a part of the electromagnetic spectrum that can pass through the atmosphere of Earth. The optical, infrared and radio windows are the three basic atmospheric windows. The Sun's electromagnetic energy reaches the Earth through the atmospheric windows. The Earth's thermal radiation leaves its atmosphere through the windows. Atmospheric windows are useful for astronomy, remote sensing, telecommunications and other science and technology applications.

In the study of the greenhouse effect, "atmospheric window" often means the "infrared window", because the infrared window is the main exit for the thermal radiation emitted near the surface of the Earth. In other fields of science and technology, such as radio astronomy and remote sensing, "atmospheric window" is used to describe windows of the whole electromagnetic spectrum.


Okapi Wildlife Reserve

The Okapi Wildlife Reserve () is a wildlife reserve in the Ituri Forest in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is near the country's borders with South Sudan and Uganda. It covers roughly one-fifth of the area of the forest. In 1996, the Okapi Wildlife Reserve was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It was listed because of its big population of endangered okapis and its high biodiversity.

Allamah Sayyid Muhibullah Shah Rashdi

Sayyid Muhibullah Shah Rashdi 
(Arabic: السيد محب الله شاه الراشدي صاحب العلم السادس (Sindhi: سيد محب الله شاهه راشدي پير سائين ڇهون جهنڊي وارا ) (Urdu: سید محب اللہ شاہ راشدی پیر آف جھنڈہ ششم) (Born 12 October 1921 – 21 January 1995) also commonly known as the Pir of Jhando The Sixth or Pir Jhandewala, was a spiritual leader and Islamic scholar hailing from Sindh, Known for his contributions to Islamic scholarship, Tafsir, Hadith, Fiqh, history, biographies, asma al-rijal, philosophy, he earned the title "Muhaddith al-Asr" (The Hadith Scholar of the Era) 

Muhibullah Shah Rashdi, born on October 12, 1921, in Pir Jhando, Sindh, Pakistan, was the eldest son of Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi. He started his religious education at "Darul Rashad" Madrisah, At the age of 19, he memorized the Quran in two and half months.

After completing the Quran, he started studying Arabic, Persian, and English,
He finished his F.A. and B.A. and later earned an M.A. in Religious Studies from either Karachi or Sindh University He also pursued studies in Arabic. The Shaikh was well-versed in syntax and Arabic grammar, gaining recognition in Tafseer and Hadith, his expertise extended across Islamic sciences, including Fiqh, history, biographies, asma al-rijal, philosophy,

The Shaikh had authored about 57 or even more books in four languages: Arabic, Urdu, and Sindhi and Farsi,

Some of his teachers: 
His father Shaikh Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi,
Shaikh Sanullaah Amritsari 
Shaikh Abdul Haqq Bhawalpuri
Shaikh Muhammad Ibrahim Mir Sialkoti
Shaikh Abu Saeed Sharf ud deen Dehlawi
Shaikh Ataaullaah Haneef Bhojiyani
Shaikh Abdul Wahhaab 
Shaykh Ubaidullah Sindhi 
Shaykh AbdulHaqq Hashmi Makki
Shaykh Abu Sa’eed Sharfudin Dehlwi,

Among his many students were notable individuals such as his younger brother, the Shaikh Badiuddin Shah Rashdi , Shaikh Muhammad Ibrahim A’waan, Shaikh Abdul Ghani bin Shaikh Allaah Baksh Tanasyo, Shaikh Hamdee Abdul Majeed as-Salafi, Shaikh Muhammad Yaqoob, Shaikh Professor Baksh Muhammadee, Shaikh Yaqoob bin Moosaa Jantee, Shaikh Ayoob Mamduh bin Fathe al-Kuwaiti, Shaikh Muhammad Abdullaah, and various other scholars,

The Shaikh's sons, Sayyid Muhammad Yaseen Shah Rashdi, Sayyid Muhammad Rashid Shah Rashdi, and Sayyid Muhammad Qasim Shah Rashdi, continue to spread his teachings, followed in their father's footsteps, 

Muhibullah Shah Rashdi died on 21 January 1995, at Dargah Sharif Pir Jhando 

Incarceration in the United States

Incarceration in the United States is one of the basic ways of punishment for crimes committed in the United States of America. In 2023, more than five million people were being supervised by the criminal justice system. Almost two million people were in state or federal prisons and in local jails. The United States has the largest known population of prisoners in the world. The number of prisoners grew rapidly after the 1970s, but began decreased from 2009 on, having been reduced by 25% by the end of 2021.

Since reaching its peak number of imprisonments in 2009, the U.S. had an average imprisonment rate of 2.3% per year. This rate includes the sudden 14.1% drop in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The states of Connecticut, New Jersey, and New York have reduced the numbers of prisoners by over 50% since reaching their peak levels. Twenty-five states have also reduced imprisonments by 25% since reaching their peaks. The federal prison population was reduced 27% in relation to its 2011 peak.
1 in 5 people in U.S. prisons had committed crimes related to illegal drugs. More than 3 in 5 people (62%) had committed violent crimes and were being kept in state prisons. 1 in 7 people (14%) kept in state prisons had committed crimes related to property (trespassing, stealing, robbing, etc).

Although debtor's prisons no longer exist in the United States, residents of some U.S. states can still be imprisoned for debt . The Vera Institute of Justice reported in 2015 that the majority of those imprisoned in local and county jails are there for unimportant violations and have been jailed for more time over the past 30 years, because they are unable to pay costs related to the court procedures.

The United States has more prisoners than most developed countries. According to the World Prison Brief, on May 7, 2023, the United States had the sixth highest imprisonment rate in the world, at 531 people per 100,000. Costs related to prison, parole, and probation procedures have a yearly cost of around $81 billion. Court costs, bail bond fees, and prison phone fees added another $38 billion in yearly costs.



Lee Cockburn

Lee Cockburn (born 17 May 1968) is a scottish rugby player, police officer, and writer. She has 77 caps.

She studied at Royal High School. From 2000 to 2016, she served with Police Scotland 

From 1993 to 2006, she played for the Scottish women's national rugby team. She competed at the 1998 Women's Rugby World Cup, and won the 2001 FIRA European Championship.


Ana Paula Lobato

Ana Paula Dias Lobato Nova Alves (born on May 11, 1984) is a Brazilian nurse and politician who has been serving as a senator for the state of Maranhão since 2023.
She had previously been the vice-mayor for the city of Pinheiro. She is affiliated with the Brazilian Socialist Party (PSB). 

Her appointment occurred as a result of Flávio Dino, the elected senator, assuming the position of Minister of Justice and Public Security during Lula's second presidency. Ana Paula became a full senator after being nominated to the Supreme Federal Court.

The Garfield Movie

The Garfield Movie is a upcoming 2024 British-American computer-animated comedy movie directed by Mark Dindal, produced by Columbia Pictures, Alcon Entertainment and animated by DNEG Animation also distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. is a reboot of the previous Garfield movies and the sixth installment. The film is set to be released in May 24, 2024.




Mario Boljat

Mario Boljat (31 August 1951 – 1 January 2024) was a Croatian and Yugoslav professional footballer. He played as a defender or midfielder. He made five appearances for the Yugoslavia national football team between 1977 to 1978.

Boljat died on 1 January 2024, at the age of 72.

Peter Magubane

Peter Sexford Magubane OMSS (18 January 1932 – 1 January 2024) was a South African photographer. He was also an anti-apartheid activist. He was also the personal photographer of President Nelson Mandela.

In 1985, Magubane spent time in hospital recovering from buckshot wounds received when he was caught in police crossfire at a funeral near Johannesburg.

Magubane died on 1 January 2024, 17 days before his 92nd birthday.

Othelino Neto

Othelino Nova Alves Neto (born on July 7, 1975) is a Brazilian politician affiliated with the Communist Party of Brazil (PCdoB). Currently, he has been a state deputy in the state of Maranhão since 2013 and served as the President of the Legislative Assembly of Maranhão.

His wife is Ana Paula Lobato, former vice-mayor of the city of Pinheiro and currently a federal senator from Maranhão.

Alberto Festa

Alberto Augusto Antunes Festa (21 July 1939 – 2 January 2024) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a right-back. He played for the Portugal national football team, making 19 appearances between 1963 to 1966.

Festa died on 2 January 2024 in Lisbon, Portugal from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.

Carmen Valero

Carmen Valero Omedes (4 October 1955 – 2 January 2024) was a Spanish middle-distance runner who represented Spain at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Valero was best known for representing Spain at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. Valero was the only woman in the Spanish track and field squad for the Montreal Games, and became the first female athlete to ever represent the country at the Summer Olympic Games.

Valero won two women's races at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1976 and 1977, while also winning the bronze medal at the same competition in 1975.

In 1980, Valero announced her retirement, after having multiple injuries and her decision to take care of her family. She also did not approve how female athletes were underpaid and mistreated by Spanish sports organizations. However, two years later, she returned.

Valero officially retired from running competitions in 1987. Apart of her two world cross country titles, she also won twenty-five Spanish national titles in cross country. 

She also won multiple titles at the Catalan Championships, seven of which in cross country. She held the Spanish records for the 800, 1500 and 3000 metres, and represented Spain internationally twenty-five times.

Valero died from problems caused by a stroke on 2 January 2024 in Sabadell, Spain at the age of 68.

Kerman bombings

On 3 January 2024, a commemorative ceremony marking the assassination of Qasem Soleimani at his tomb in eastern Kerman, Iran was attacked by two bomb explosions. The attacks killed at least 84 people on the spot and injured 280 others while few others died in hospital. The Iranian government declared the bombings a terrorist attack, making it the deadliest such incident in the country since 1979.

The next day, the Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.

Bharwad

The Bharwad an Hindu caste found in the state of Gujarat in India. Those of Saurashtra use "Ahir" as a surname, they claimed to be descent from Nandvanshi Ahirs.

The term Bharwad is said to be a modified form of the word badawad, from the Gujarati words bada meaning sheep and wada meaning enclosure. This name was said to be acquired by the Bharwad on the account of their traditional occupation of being shepherds.

The Guardian (Nigeria)

The Guardian is a newspaper, established in 1983, published in Lagos, Nigeria. It is often known as a pioneer in introducing investigative journalism and editorial content to Nigeria.

"The Guardian" was established in 1983 by Alex Ibru and Stanley Macebuh. It has influence from "The Guardian" in the UK. The paper was first published on 22 February 1983 as a weekly, appearing on Sundays. It started publishing every day on 4 July 1983.

Lekki

Lekki is a city in Lagos State, Nigeria. The city is still largely under construction.

One of its neighbourhoods, Lekki phase 1, is known to have some of the most expensive real estate in Lagos State.

Youth-led development

A youth-led development is a project mainly made by young people. Most organizations use the United Nation's definition of youth which is a person between the ages of 15 and 24. 

A youth-led organization focuses on youth-led development and usually has a team made up of young people.


Sarah Kauss

Sarah Kauss is an American businesswoman. She is the founder of S'well.

Kauss was raised in Jupiter, Florida. She received a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Colorado Boulder and her MBA from Harvard Business School.

Kauss founded S'well in 2010. "Fortune" included Kauss on its 2014 40 under 40 list. In 2016, Kauss was named number 49 on the Business Insider 100 list, The Creators. She was recognized on "Inc.'s" "Most Impressive Women Entrepreneurs of 2016" list. 

Kauss has been featured in NPR, Inc. Magazine, Entrepreneur magazine, Fortune magazine, CNNMoney, and CNBC, among other outlets. She is a mentor for the U.S. Department of State Global Women's Mentoring Partnership.


Vlach

Vlach is a name used in history by foreign people to refer to speakers of Eastern Romance languages in southeastern Europe. These speakers are the Romanians, Aromanians, Megleno-Romanians and Istro-Romanians. The Megleno-Romanians have adopted this foreign name to refer to themselves.

Kangra district

Kangra is a district of Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. Dharamshala is the administrative headquarters of the district. It is the most populous district of Himachal Pradesh.

Brazilian Socialist Party

The Brazilian Socialist Party (, PSB) is a political party in Brazil. It was founded in 1947, before being abolished by the military regime in 1965 and re-organised in 1989 after the re-democratisation of Brazil. 

Bernard Ducuing

Bernard Ducuing (19 May 1950 – 3 January 2024) was a French footballer who played as a midfielder and a forward. He played for many teams throughout his career including Red Star, Reims, and Montpellier.

In total, Ducuing played 199 matches in Division 1 and 197 matches in Division 2.

He died on 3 January 2024, at the age of 73.

Ashley Monroe

Ashley Lauren Monroe (born September 10, 1986) is an American country music singer-songwriter.


Philautus garo

The Garo Hills bubble-nest frog, Garo Hills bush frog, or Garo Hills shrub frog ("Philautus garo") is a frog. It lives in India, in the Garo Hills. People have seen it between 90 and 500 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 13 mm long from nose to rear end. There is no webbed skin on the front feet. There is some webbed skin on the back feet. There are disks on the toes for climbing. The disks on the toes are almost as big as the eardrum on the side of the frog's head. The skin of the frog's back is gray with a dark brown mark between the eyes. The mark is in the shape of an hourglass.

Emilia Mernes

Emilia Mernes , is an Argentine singer-songwriter, model, and actress. She gained popularity as the lead vocalist of the Uruguayan cumbia pop band Rombai before starting her solo career.



Death to America

Death to America (Arabic: الموت لأمريكا) is a anti-American slogan. The slogan is most commonly used in Afghanistan, Lebanon, Yemen, Iraq, Pakistan, Iran, and Palestine. The slogan was created by Iran out of anger to the U.S. government and Iranian officials have cleared up that they do not want to kill normal citizens of America. 

Foreign accent syndrome

Foreign accent syndrome is a medical syndrome in which people develop speech patterns that are thought of as a foreign accent that is different from their native accent, without having acquired it in the perceived accent's place of origin.

Foreign accent syndrome usually results from a stroke, but can also develop from head trauma, migraines or developmental problems. The syndrome might come due to lesions in the speech production part of the brain, or may also be considered a neuropsychiatric condition. The condition was first known in 1907, and between 1941 and 2009 there were 62 recorded people known to have this syndome..

Rossella Erra

Rossella Erra (born in Portici 19 June 1974) is an Italian tax advisor and TV personality. 

She diplomed at "University of Naples Federico II" in Economy, and in the last years she became TV personality in several TV serials.



2024 elections in India

The 2024 elections in India includes the general election, Elections to the Rajya Sabha, to state legislative assemblies and to Panchayats.


2024 Indian general election

The next general election in India is scheduled to be held on or before May 2024 to elect 543 members for the 18th Lok Sabha. The current Prime Minister of India is Narendra Modi of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) will announce the schedule for the 18th Lok Sabha elections. The tenure of the current 17th Lok Sabha's time will finish on 16 June 2024.

List of programs broadcast by Sprout

This is a list of programs that currently air and formerly aired on Universal Kids and under its former branding as Sprout.


The programming blocks below were all shown under the "Sprout" banner.

Ghore Ghore Zee Bangla

Ghore Ghore Zee Bangla (English: "House to House Zee Bangla") is a Bengali television family game show started in 2023. The show telecast on Zee Bangla six days in a week and also available on ZEE5 digitally.



Sikh Empire

The Sikh Empire was an empire in the Punjab region of Pakistan, and also covered some areas of India and Tibet. It lasted from 1799, when Maharaja Ranjit Singh captured Lahore, until 1849, when the British East India Company defeated it in the Second Anglo-Sikh War. The empire stretched from Gilgit and Tibet in the north to the deserts of Sindh in the south and from the Khyber Pass in the west to the Sutlej in the east. 

The empire was divided into four provinces; Lahore, Multan, Peshawar, and Kashmir and had a diverse population of around 4.5 million in 1831, with Muslims being the majority at 70% and Sikhs at 6%. The British Empire annexed it, marking the end of Sikh rule in the Indo-Pak subcontinent.

The empire's origins trace back to the capture of Lahore from Zaman Shah Durrani, and Ranjit Singh became Maharaja in 1801. Expelling Afghans and unifying Sikh misls, he modernized the army with advanced training and weaponry. However, after his death, internal divisions and political mismanagement weakened the empire. The British East India Company took advantage, and in 1849, the Sikh Empire fell after losing the Second Anglo-Sikh War.

The Sikh Empire officially started in 1801 when the Misls united to form a single state. The leaders of the Misls, linked to the army, were usually from noble families with a long history in Sikh and Muslim traditions.

The empire covered the Punjab region to the west, Khyber Pass, Kashmir in the north, Sindh in the south, and Tibet in the east. In 1799, Ranjit Singh moved the capital from Gujranwala to Lahore, previously established by his grandfather in 1763. Ranjit Singh annexed the Sial State in 1807 after invading Jhang, citing a conspiracy between the local ruler and Nawab Muzaffar Khan of Multan.

Hari Singh Nalwa served as the Commander-in-Chief of the Sikh Khalsa Army from 1825 to 1837. He played a key role in conquering various regions and securing the Koh-i-Noor diamond. Nalwa expanded the empire's frontier to the Indus River, and at the time of his death, the western boundary was the Khyber Pass.

The empire was divided into various provinces (known as "Subas"), them namely being:

Yastreb

Yastreb can be




Mian Tahir Pervaz

Mian Tahir Pervaz (born 4 June 1979) is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018 and 15 August 2018 to 13 January 2020. He is the son of Pakistani Businessman Riaz Ahmed Zulfiqar, he is from his 3rd mother.

• Sexual intercourse

• Politics of Pakistan

• Rape

He was born on 4 June 1979 in Faisalabad.

He went to Government College University.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab for the Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) in the 2013 Pakistani general election. He was a representative for Constituency PP-69 (Faisalabad-XIX).

Intangible cultural heritage

An intangible cultural heritage (ICH) is something that is considered by UNESCO to be part of a place's cultural heritage. Buildings, historic places, monuments, and artifacts are cultural property, not intangible heritage. Intangible heritage is things like folklore, customs, beliefs, traditions, knowledge, and language.

Intangible cultural heritage is considered by member states of UNESCO to be like the tangible World Heritage but focusing on intangible parts of culture. In 2001, UNESCO made a survey among countries and NGOs to try to agree on a definition, and the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage was drafted in 2003 for its protection and promotion.

Shenzhou 17

"Shenzhou 17" is a Chinese spaceflight to the Tiangong space station, launched on 26 October 2023. It carries three (astronauts or) taikonauts from the People's Liberation Army Astronaut Corps. The spacecraft is a Shenzhou spacecraft. The mission is the twelfth crewed Chinese spaceflight and the seventeenth flight overall of the Shenzhou program.

Disraeli Gears

Disraeli Gears is the second studio album by Cream. Cream were a British rock band. The band released the album in November 1967. "Disraeli Gears" was number five on the UK Albums Chart. It was also number one on Swedish, Finnish, and Australian music charts. It was the number one album in the United States in 1968. The album had two singles. These were "Strange Brew" and "Sunshine of Your Love". In 1999, the album was put in the Grammy Hall of Fame.

Creed II

Creed II is a 2018 boxing movie.

LADbible Group

LADbible Group, part of LBG Media, is a British digital publisher. Its headquarters is in Manchester and it has offices in London, Dublin, Sydney, Melbourne and Auckland.

Founded in 2012 by Alexander "Solly" Solomou and Arian Kalantari, LADbible Group produces digital content aimed at young adults It reaches two-thirds of 18–34-year-olds in the UK.

LADbible Group's media brands have an audience approaching a billion, with 262 million followers worldwide across the major social media platforms and its five websites attract almost 69 million unique visitors every month.<ref name="Woods https://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2021/12/12/ladbible-aims-beat-buzzfeed-viral-media-battle"></ref> Its brands include LADbible, UNILAD, GAMINGbible, SPORTbible and Tyla, among many others. They get more than 28 billion content views globally every year.

Philautus amoenus

The Kamboranga bubble-nest frog or Kamboranga bush frog ("Philautus amoenus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia on Mount Kinabalu, between 900 and 3000 m above sea level.

Siraiki (Sindhi dialect)

Siraiki also called Ubheji, Siroli, Sireli is a dialect of Sindhi language. Spoken by some Sindhi people of Sindh. Siraiki word is derived from two Sindhi words one "Siro/Sero" meaning name for region (Sauvira) in ancient Sindh, and "Ki" meaning of/Belonging to. other names also have the same meaning. The people of Siro region are called Sirai/Serai.

Wild Mood Swings

Wild Mood Swings is the tenth studio album by English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released on 6 May, 1996 through Fiction Records and went to number 9 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, number 12 in the United States and Austria, number 10 in New Zealand and number 5 in Sweden. It received mixed reviews and was seen as a disappointment from their previous two albums.

All songs by Bamonte, Cooper, Gallup, O'Donnell and Smith.

House of the Tiles

The House of the Tiles is a large Early Bronze Age building with two stories located at Lerna in southern Greece. It is known for its advanced architecture, especially its roof covered by baked tiles giving the building its name. The building is a type of house called a "corridor house".

The House of the Tiles was discovered during excavations made in the early 1950s by the American School of Classical Studies led by John Langdon Caskey of the University of Cincinnati.

The building dates back to 2500–2300 BCE and is either the dwelling of a high member of the community, an early palace, or an administrative center. It may also have been a communal structure meaning the property of all the townspeople. The building's function remains unknown. The house had a stairway leading to a second story and was protected by a tiled roof. The building also had areas for storage. Debris found at the site of the building had many terracotta tiles that fell from the roof. Such roofs were also found in the Early Bronze Age site of Akovitika, as well as in the Mycenaean towns of Gla and Midea. But roofs with baked tiles only became common in Greek architecture in the 7th century BC. The walls of the House of the Tiles were made with bricks on stone.

Carbon-14 dating shows that the House of the Tiles was destroyed by fire in the 22nd century BC. Not long after the destruction, the place was cleared in a way as to leave a low tumulus over the site. The cause of the destruction was first attributed by John Langdon Caskey to an invasion of Greeks and/or Indo-Europeans during the Early Bronze Age. But the complexity of the tumulus built over the house's ruins by Bronze Age people shows instead a "showing of respect for their predecessors that one would not expect of invaders of a different culture."


Timini Egbuson

Timini Egbuson (born 10 June 1987) is a Nigerian actor and media personality. He won the 2020 Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards Best Actor in a Drama.
In 2017, he was nominated for the Best New Actor of the Year during the City People Entertainment Awards and Male Revelation of the Year at Best of Nollywood Awards. In 2019, he won the Prize for Acting at The Future Awards Africa and AMVCA awards' Best Actor in a Drama (Movie/TV series).

Ruby Barnhill

Barnhill was born on 16 July 2004 in Knutsford, Cheshire, England. She lives with her parents and younger sister in Cheshire, and she is a member of the local youth theatre.

Wayne Sermon

Wayne Sermon is an musician, and songwriter from the United States. He is the highest of all of the guitar players in the band Imagine Dragons. Sermon was born the 15th of June 1984 in the county American Fork in the state of Utah. He was born in a devout non trinitarian christian family and was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but left due to unknown reasons.

Ludo

Ludo is a board game for two to four players. In the game, the players race their four tokens from start to finish according to the rolls of a single dice. Like other cross and circle games, Ludo is taken from the Indian game Pachisi. The game and its versions are popular in many countries and under different names.

TRT Haber

TRT Haber (English: TRT News) is a Turkish news and current affairs television channel. It was established by TRT on 18 March, 2010.

It became Turkey's most watched news channel between 2018 and November 2020.

Taylor rule

The Taylor rule is a monetary policy for how central banks manage money. It was made by economist John B. Taylor in 1992. The idea is to control the economy by adjusting short-term interest rates. The rule looks at the federal funds rate, price level, and changes in real income. It figures out the best federal funds rate based on the gap between the desired inflation rate and the actual inflation rate, plus the gap between actual and natural output level. When inflation is higher than the target, the Taylor rule suggests a higher interest rate. 

In the United States, the Federal Open Market Committee manages money policy, aiming for a 2% average inflation rate. The Taylor rule is different from discretionary policy, which depends on personal views of monetary policy authorities and has fewer factors considered.

Made in Japan (Buck Owens song)

"Made in Japan" is a 1972 song by Buck Owens and was taken from his studio album "In the Palm of Your Hand". It was his last number one country single in the United States and Canada and number 17 in Australia.

If You Leave (song)

"If You Leave" is a 1986 song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and was taken from the 1986 movie "Pretty in Pink". It went to the top 5 in the United States, New Zealand and Canada, number 48 in the United Kingdom and number 15 in Australia.






Progymnosperm

Progymnosperms are ancient plants that don't exist anymore. They were like woody plants with spores and probably came from trimerophytes. Later, they led to the development of gymnosperms, which are the ancestors of acrogymnosperms and angiosperms (flowering plants). People sometimes call them Progymnospermophyta or Progymnospermopsida.


My Father's Eyes (song)

"My Father's Eyes" is a 1998 song by Eric Clapton and is the leading single from his 13th studio album "Pilgrim". It went to number 33 in the United Kingdom, number 72 in the Netherlands, number 12 in Iceland, number 41 in Scotland, number 2 in Canada and number 2 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. It won a Grammy Award in 1999.


TheCable

TheCable is an independent news source in Lagos, Nigeria. It was founded by Simon Kolawole in 2014 and published by The Cable Newspaper Ltd established on 2011.
In 2023, TheCable launched an app to aid people with defect read news.


Streets of Bakersfield

"Streets of Bakersfield" is a 1973 song written by Homer Joy and popularized in 1988 by Buck Owens featuring Dwight Yoakam. It went to number 1 on the country single charts in the United States and Canada. It is the leading single from Yoakam's third studio album "Buenas Noches from a Lonely Room".

Kayode Kasum

Kayode Kasum (born 2 February 1992) is a Nigerian director and movie producer who has been nominated as the Director of the Year at 2018 Best of Nollywood Awards and 2020 Best of Nollywood Awards. Kasum has worked on projects such as "Sugar Rush," "This Lady Called Life" (2020), " Far From Home" (2022), "Kambili – The Whole 30 yards" (2020), "Castle and Castle S2" (2019), "Soole" (2021), "Obara’M" (2022), "Áfàméfùnà – An Nwa Boi Story" (2023).

Obara’M, one of the movies he directed was announced as the opening film of the 10th edition of the NollywoodWeek Film Festival at Cinema l’Arlequin, Paris. He was among the 2021 awardees of The Future Awards Africa as the movie director.

Mercy Johnson

Mercy Johnson Okojie (born 28 August 1984) is a Nigerian actress and movie producer.
Mercy was born on 28 August 1984. She went to Rivers State Secondary School and Nigerian Navy Secondary School in Port Harcourt for her secondary education.

She made her debut, "The Maid." She has also appeared on movies including "Hustlers", Baby Oku in America", "War in the Palace." She is also an ambassador of "Tiger Foods Limited."


Blackout Ripper (Brainbombs single)

Blackout Ripper is a single released by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. The single was released by Skrammel Records in 2023. It was the first 7" the band has released in around 15 years. The album art includes a picture of Gordon Cummins on the cover, who was also called the Blackout Ripper.

Valerian Okeke

Valerian Maduka Okeke (born 20 October 1953) is a Nigerian prelate serving as the current Archbishop of the Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha. He is also the metropolitan of Onitsha Ecclesiastical Province.



History of psychiatry

The history of psychiatry began in India with the Charaka Samhita which was a book in Sanskrit about medicine. It talks about treating Madness. In Ancient Greece, people normally thought Madness was caused by being cursed by one of the gods, usually Dionysus, or was happening because someone was making a prophecy. But then Democritus and Hippocrates said Madness was caused by physical disease. Democritus experimented on animals to figure out how that worked.

There were still people in Ancient Rome and in the Dark Ages who believed Madness was caused by Demonic possession and could be cured by excorcism.

In Iraq, in the 9th Century, people started to build hospitals called bimaristans which had rooms for people who were violent and insane.

In the 13th Century, people in Christian Europe started to build hospitals for mad people called lunatic asylums but they were used mainly to keep them inside instead of trying to cure them.

In 1621, a man named Robert Burton wrote a book about Madness called The Anatomy of Melancholy. Burton said that knowing how the human mind works was the most important thing there was.

In 1758, William Battie wrote a book called Treatise on Madness. He said Madness was caused by physical problems with the Brain and the rest of the Body. He criticized a British hospital called Bedlam for treating mad people badly. In 1789, George III went mad and people in Great Britain started to say that Madness was a disease to be cured. A Quaker named William Tuke said that Insane Asylums were doing a bad job and that they should use therapy instead. Philippe Pinel made the same arguments as Tuke did in France.

In 1808, a German doctor named Johann Christian Reil started to use the word Psychiatry to mean using Medicine and Therapy to treat Madness. Then Karl Ludwig Kahlbaum and Emil Kraepelin started to say that there were different kinds of Madness called Mental Disorders and tried to explain and name different Mental Illnesses.

Some Psychiatrists started to think that Sigmund Freud was right about Psychoanalysis and started to use it. Freud’s ideas got a lot less popular with psychiatrists by the 1970s.

Michel Foucault in his book Madness and Civilization criticizes Psychiatry and says that it’s using science as an excuse to punish people for being different. Thomas Szasz in his book The Myth of Mental Illness, criticizes Psychiatry and says that the concept of Mental illness is only a metaphor and not something that scientifically exists.

Presidential Commission on the Status of Women

The President's Commission on the Status of Women (PCSW) was established to advise the president of the United States on issues concerning the status of women. It was created by President John F. Kennedy and was signed into law on December 14, 1961. In 1975 it became the National Association of Commissions for Women.

Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha () was established on 18th April, 1950.

Leadership: Valerian Okeke, Archbishop of Onitsha.

It houses the [Archbishop]] who lives in the Basilica of the Most Holy Trinity, Onitsha, the only basilica of Roman Catholicism in Nigeria.
Powerschool

PowerSchool (NYSE: PWSC) is the leading provider of cloud-based software for K-12 education in North America.

Its mission is to power the education ecosystem with unified technology that helps educators and students realize their full potential, in their way.
PowerSchool connects students, teachers, administrators, and parents, with the shared goal of improving student outcomes. From the office to the classroom to the home, it helps schools and districts efficiently manage state reporting and related compliance, special education, finance, human resources, talent, registration, attendance, funding, learning, instruction, grading, assessments and analytics in one unified platform.

Dominic Ekandem

Dominic Ignatius Ekandem (1917 – 24 November, 1995) was a Nigerian Catholic cardinal who served as Archbishop of Abuja from 1989 to 1992. He was the first West African Cardinal from Africa. He was the founder of Missionary Society of Saint Paul, Nigeria.

The Dominic Cardinal Ignatius Ekandem Villa which houses the Gaudium et Spe Institute in Asokoro, Abuja.

United Nations Commission on Human Rights

The United Nations Commission on Human Rights (UNCHR) was a human rights commission the United Nations from 1946 until it was replaced by the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2006. It's purpose was to promote the protection of human rights.

On March 15, 2006, the UN General Assembly voted to replace UNCHR with the UN Human Rights Council.

Baby Keem

Hykeem Jamaal Carter Jr. (born October 22, 2000), his stage name being Baby Keem, is an American rapper and record producer. He was raised in Las Vegas, and was noticed in the late 2010s with his help to "", "Redemption", "Crash Talk", and "". He was first noticed in 2019 through his sleeper hit single "Orange Soda".

After he signed a deal with PGLang and Columbia Records in 2020, he released his first studio album "The Melodic Blue" (2021), which was very successful. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and its final single, "Family Ties", won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance. His help with Kanye West on "Donda" (2021) and his cousin Kendrick Lamar on "Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers" (2022) earned him two chances for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
Hykeem Jamaal Carter Jr. was born on October 22, 2000, in Carson, California. His mother had problems with drug abuse and alcoholism, while his father, Hykeem Carter Sr., was not in his life. Carter was raised in Las Vegas, Nevada by his grandmother until he was eight years old, and he thinks of her to be his second mother. A lot of his childhood was spent in music studios as he watched his aunts and uncles put music onto CDs using LimeWire. He also had problems with eviction and needed food stamps.

Carter was raised around a musically skilled family, where all of his uncles and cousins were rappers. His older cousins include rapper Kendrick Lamar and basketball player Nick Young. He may also share some relatives with rapper Tanna Leone. He was always interested in rapping, but was not confident with his high-pitched voice and chose to wait until it was developed. When he was thirteen, Carter began producing music using Apple software on his computer. At fifteen, he borrowed $300 from his grandmother and bought a small recording setup for his bedroom on Craigslist. He soon moved to Los Angeles to go into a musical job. Carter disliked his "boring", "dry", and "small" hometown where "everybody knows everybody", and gave credit to its old music scene as a big factor in his decision to move. He used to post and livestream "Minecraft" and "FIFA" gameplay on YouTube and Twitch.

Carter made his first song, "Come Thru", during his freshman year of high school. It was removed from the Internet and he hopes "nobody will ever find it." His first extended play (EP), "Oct", was independently released under his real name on November 7, 2017, but was removed from major streaming services a bit after its release. "RapTV" said that the 9-track EP showed traces of Carter's future musical style by "featuring a mix of bouncy, hard beats and slower, emotional cuts." He released his second EP, "Midnight", on January 16, 2018. It showed the same production as "Oct", but "RapTV" said that Carter's lines were "more confident and loud." In an interview with "Complex", he said that "Midnight" did not have any big artistic way, and described the project as "just nine songs in my stash that I liked and put out."

After he emailed a sample of his production to an independent record label, called Top Dawg Entertainment, Carter helped the soundtrack album for the superhero film "Black Panther" (2018) as a producer. During the summer, he released two EPs, "No Name" and "Hearts and Darts", and produced two songs on Jay Rock's third album "Redemption". He considers "Hearts and Darts", which was his first project under his stage name Baby Keem, to have the style that "Midnight" did not have. In October 2018, he released his first mixtape, "The Sound of Bad Habit", through the Orchard and Sony Music. The mixtape was produced by Cardo.
Keem produced two songs on Schoolboy Q's fifth album, "Crash Talk" (2019). On July 19, 2019, he produced a song for singer Beyoncé's soundtrack album "" and released his second mixtape, "Die for My Bitch". The alternative hip hop mixtape had strong pop-punk and alternative rock pieces, and was given big news attention. Its lead single, "Orange Soda", became a sleeper hit and helped Keem make his first songs on the "Billboard" 200, "Billboard" Hot 100 and Emerging Artists charts. He helped the mixtape with his first concert tour, the Die for My Bitch Tour, which visited some places across the U.S. from November 12 to November 20, 2019.

Keem's partnership with creative services company pgLang, founded by Kendrick Lamar and filmmaker Dave Free, was announced through his appearance in the company's visual mission statement on March 5, 2020. He was included on "XXL"s yearly Freshman Class list in August. After signing a recording contract with Columbia Records, Keem released the single album "Hooligan / Sons & Critics" on September 18, 2020; with Sons & Critics confirming his relation to Lamar after rumors began to emerge.
Keem was put on Kanye West's song "Praise God" with Travis Scott for Kanye's tenth album, "Donda" (2021). "The Melodic Blue", his first studio album, was released on September 10, 2021. He co-produced 14 of the album's 16 standard songs. It was given positive reviews from music critics, with praise towards its bold nature and Keem's growing potential, but criticism towards its "half-baked" production. The album started at number five on the "Billboard" 200, becoming Keem's first top-10 album in the U.S. Two of the album's four singles, "Durag Activity" with Travis Scott and "Family Ties" with Kendrick Lamar, had good success. Keem went on the Melodic Blue Tour, which visited cities in North America and Europe from November 2021 to July 2022, and appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" to help sell "The Melodic Blue". A B-side to the album was released on September 22, 2021, while the deluxe edition was released on October 28, 2022.

One of Keem's favorite artists and big musical inspirations is Kid Cudi. He was very inspired by his changes of his voice and emotional connection, mostly on the single "Immortal" (2013). As a child, Keem remembered listening to Kanye West's "808s & Heartbreak" (2008) during a snow day in Las Vegas and being inspired by the album's cinematic quality. He has said that he will "never say anything ill (bad)" about West, and gives him credit for consistently changing music genre boundaries. Keem self-identifies as part of the Mike Will Made It and Metro Boomin generation of record producers, and has inspiration from both artists.

Film
Headlining
Supporting

Legislature of the Marshall Islands

The Legislature of the Marshall Islands has 33 members, elected for a four-year term in nineteen single-seat and five multi-seat constituencies. 

Palace of Fine Arts

Palace of Fine Arts can be

Daniel Revenu

Daniel Revenu (5 December 1942 – 2 January 2024) was a French fencer and Olympic champion.

Revenu received a gold medal in "foil team" at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He participated and received medals at the 1964, 1968, 1972 and 1976 summer Olympics.

Revenu died on 2 January 2024, at the age of 81.

Rosie Reyes

Rosa María Reyes Darmon ("née" Reyes; 23 March 1939 – 4 January 2024) was a Mexican tennis player. She was active in the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Mexico City. Reyes competed in the women's doubles event at 1968 Summer Olympics. She won a gold and silver medal at the event.

Reyes died from a lung disease at her home in Mexico City, on 4 January 2024, at the age of 84.

Ayla Algan

Ayla Algan (; 29 October 1937 – 4 January 2024) was a Turkish actress and singer. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey. Her career began in 1960. She was known for her roles in "The House of Leyla", "O Hayat Benim" and "Binbir Gece".

Algan died on 4 January 2024 in Istanbul at the age of 86.

Kishin Shinoyama

Shinoyama died on January 4, 2024 in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 83.

Christian Oliver

Christian Oliver (3 March 1972 – 4 January 2024) was a German actor. He was born in Celle, Lower Saxony.

Oliver had both movie and television roles. He appeared in "Speed Racer", "The Baby-Sitters Club", "The Good German", "", "Valkyrie", "Sense8", "Hunters" and "Timeless".

In 2010, he married Jessica Mazur. They divorced in 2021. They had two daughters. 

Oliver and his two daughters were killed in a plane crash on 4 January 2024 off the coast of Bequia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.


Shahbaz Bukhari

Syed Shahbaz Ghous Bukhari (Urdu: سید شہباز غوث بخاری; born June 22, 1986) also known as Shahbaz Bukhari is a Pakistani politician and Philanthropist. He is the former candidate of National Assembly of Pakistan.

Popular Mobilization Forces

The Popular Mobilization Forces (Arabic: پێشمەرگە فۆرسەکان), is an Iraqi sponsored milltia with 67 different factions with Sunni Muslim, Shia Muslim, Christian, and Yazidi groups. The goal of the group was to fight the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and has fought in every battle with the group. The group (mainly the Shia faction) are claimed to have been linked to the Islamic Republic of Iran.


Firehouse Subs

Firehouse Subs is an American restaurant chain based in Jacksonville, Florida. It was founded in 1994 by former firefighter brothers Chris and Robin Sorensen. In December 2021, the chain was acquired by Restaurant Brands International.

Fazoli's

Fazoli's is an American fast casual restaurant chain headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky. It was founded in 1988. It is owned by FAT Brands.

Sheetal Thakur

Sheetal Thakur Massey is an actress from India. She mainly acts in Hindi movies and shows on the internet. She started her acting career with a Punjabi movie called Bambukat in 2016. She got nominated for the Best Supporting Actress award at the Filmfare Awards Punjabi for that. In 2018, she acted in her first Hindi film, "Brij Mohan Amar Rahe". Thakur is famous for her roles in the movies "Chappad Phaad Ke" and "Shukranu", as well as the web series "Broken But Beautiful".

Ingles

Ingles is an American supermarket chain. It is headquartered in Black Mountain, North Carolina. It has 198 supermarkets in the Southeastern United States.

Stumbling on Happiness

Stumbling on Happiness is a nonfiction book by Daniel Gilbert. It came out in 2006 in the United States and Canada. It is a bestseller in the New York Times. They also translated it into more than thirty languages.

Gilbert's main idea is that people are not good at imagining the future and what will make them happy. He says this happens because of how they see things and their thinking habits. According to him, there are three ways the imagination does not work well:


Gilbert also talks about 'filling in,' which means the mind often uses patterns to connect events we remember with other events we think should be part of the expected experience. This 'filling in' is something our eyes and optic nerves do too, like when they replace the blind spot in our vision with what our mind thinks should be there.

The book is made for regular people, and it tries not to use complicated words. Instead, it explains everyday mistakes in thinking by using simple experiments that take advantage of those mistakes.

Land O'Lakes

Land O'Lakes is an American member-owned agricultural cooperative. It is based in the Minneapolis-St. Paul suburb of Arden Hills, Minnesota, United States. It was founded on July 8, 1921. Every year it handles 12 billion pounds of milk. It is one of the largest producers of butter, cheese and dairy products in the United States.

Kenneth Noland

Kenneth Noland (April 10, 1924 – January 5, 2010) was an American abstract painter.

He was first an expressionist abstract painter, in the 1950s, and after, a minimalist painter, in the 1960s. He became one of the best-known American painters in the abstract style of color field. He helped in the creation of the the Washington Color School movement.

Philautus kempiae

The Tura bubble-nest frog, Kemp's bush frog, or the Tura shrub frog ("Philautus kempiae") is a type of frog. It lives in India, in the Garo Hills.

This frog is about 17 mm long from nose to rear end. There is webbed skin on the back feet but not on the front feet. There are large disks on the toes for climbing. There is a black mark between the eyes and another on the back. The belly is white with brown marks. This frog has a round nose.

Balebreviceps hillmani

The Bale Mountains tree frog, Bale rain frog, or Ethiopian short-headed frog ("Balebreviceps hillmani") is a frog. It lives in Ethiopia. Scientists have seen it 3200 meters above sea level in Harenna Forest in the Bale Mountains.

The adult male frog is about 36-39 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 45-53 mm. It has a small head and eyes for a frog. Its eardrums are hard to see. The skin of the frog's back is thick and bumpy but the skin of the belly is thin and smooth. The skin of the frog's back is dark in color, purple or brown, with light yellow stripes on each side. There are also light marks on the sides of the head all the way to the nose. The back legs are also light in color, with some orange. The bottoms of the feet are light gray or peach in color. The belly is yellow in color, but it can be gray.

When scientists first wrote about this frog in 1986, there were many, but people built a highway into the place where they live in 1983. Since then, humans had built towns and farms and places for animals to eat grass. Humans have cut down trees in the forests to get wood to build with. All this change has been bad for the frog. It is now very close to dying out. Scientists are not sure, but they think the chytrid fungus might be making this frog sick.

Autonomous Republic of Crimea

Crimea, a independent area, is named the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. Ukraine used to own it. The republic is viewed globally as an unlawfully taken part of Ukraine by Russia. Crimea was a part of Russia until 1954. Then, they gave it to Ukraine as a gift. But in 2014, Russia wanted Crimea back from Ukraine. Ukraine refused to give back Crimea so Russia took Crimea back forcefully. <mapframe latitude="45.096791" longitude="34.343262" zoom="2" width="200" height="100" />Crimea's Population is 2,416,856 (2021) and Density is 219.1/sq mi.

Crimea's Size is 10,425 sq mi.

Crimea's Nominal GDP is $7 Billion and GDP Per Capita is $300.

Crimea's Main Language is Crimean (Short for Crimean Tatar). Other Languages Include Russian, and Ukrainian.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_subdivisions_of_Russia

Ghosh (caste)

Ghosh or Ghosha is a Yadav clan from India

The term Ghosh/Ghosha has been derived from the Sanskrit root Ghush which means to shout, is also an indicative of the profession of a herds-man as he shouts while herding the cattle. In ancient Indian literature, the cowherds have been attributed with different appellations ike the Gopas, Ghosha,Yadavs and the Abhiras(Ahir). These ancient appellations have their modern counterparts viz. Guala, Ghosi and Ahir.

Cabinet of curiosities

Cabinets of curiosities, also known as wonder-rooms, were collections of various objects in Renaissance Europe. These collections, emerging in the 16th century, had no strict categories, encompassing natural history, geology, art, and more. They were significant before modern museums, showcasing the interests of their owners.

The term "cabinet" initially referred to a room, not furniture. Objects in these cabinets ranged from natural specimens to artworks. Besides rulers' and aristocrats' collections, even the merchant class and early scientists formed similar collections, acting as precursors to museums. These cabinets served to reflect the curator's interests and establish social status. Two main types existed: princely cabinets for representation and aesthetic appeal, and more modest collections for practical and scientific purposes.

They also functioned as entertainment, illustrated by the Royal Society's early meetings. Although educational, these exhibitions aimed at combining learning with entertainment.

The earliest known natural history cabinet is depicted in Ferrante Imperato's Dell'Historia Naturale (Naples 1599). It showcased preserved fishes, stuffed mammals, shells, and more.

Notable cabinets belonged to Ole Worm and Athanasius Kircher. These cabinets contained preserved animals, minerals, and mythical creatures. Worm's catalog, Museum Wormianum (1655), contributed to science.

In the 18th century, Belsazar Hacquet's natural history cabinet gained fame. "Green Vaults" in Dresden displayed Augustus the Strong's wonders. The "Enlightenment Gallery" at the British Museum aimed to recreate the diversity of mid-18th-century museums.

In the U.S., Thomas Dent Mutter's collection focused on medical oddities. P. T. Barnum's American Museum and the Hobby Club in New York continued the tradition of showcasing curiosities.

By the early 18th century, curiosities began losing influence as Enlightenment thinkers emphasized nature's patterns. Curiosities were seen as exceptions, not divine messages, and were less studied.

Sailing on the Seven Seas

"Sailing on the Seven Seas" is a 1991 song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and is the leading single from their eighth studio album "Sugar Tax". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, Sweden and Austria, number 77 in Australia, number 9 in Germany and number 5 in Ireland and was covered by German band Fools Garden in 2015.

7-inch and cassette single

12-inch single

CD single

Special-edition CD single

Kingdome

King County Stadium (known better as the Kingdome) was a multi-use stadium located in Seattle, Washington. The arena used to serve as the home for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL), the Seattle Sounders of the North American Soccer League (NASL), the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB), and the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

The Seattle Pilots of Major League Baseball (MLB) began playing in 1969 at Sick's Stadium. MLB did not think that Sick's Stadium was a proper stadium for a major-league team and when they gave them the team, they said that the team must build a new stadium by 1970. The arena was approved by King Country voters with $40 million in bonds and 62% voting in favor on February 13, 1968. The Pilots would not be able to survive until the stadium was built. They were forced to declare bankruptcy and were moved to Milwaukee to become the Milwaukee Brewers.

They first started to build the stadium in November 2, 1972. The groundbreaking ceremony was met with protestors who threw mud at people. They were angry that the stadium was being built near the International District. The city of Seattle was awarded a professional football team by the National Football League (NFL) on December 5, 1974. The team would go to be named the Seattle Seahawks. The arena was opened on March 27, 1976 and the opening ceremony had an attendance of 54,000 people.

The first sporting event to take place in the Kingdome was a exhibition North American Soccer League game between the Seattle Sounders and the New York Cosmos. 58,120 people attended the game, which set a North American record for a soccer game. The first concert in the stadium was by Paul McCartney and Wings on June 10. On August 1, 1976, the Seahawks would play their first preseason game against the San Francisco 49ers in a 27–20 loss. The NFL would hold the Pro Bowl at the Kingdome the next season.

After the lawsuit by Seattle against the MLB for the departure of the Pilots was dropped, the city was awarded an MLB team. The team would be known as the Seattle Mariners. On April 6, 1977, the Mariners would play their first game in a 7–0 loss to the California Angels. On July 17, 1979, the Kingdome hosted the All-Star Game.

When their contract for the Seattle Center Coliseum expired, the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) moved into the stadium. The SuperSonics would have a successful year in their first year at the stadium. They were able to finish with a record of 52-30, had the #1 seed in the NBA playoffs and were able to win the 1979 NBA Championship after defeating the Washington Bullets 4 games to 1. This was the first championship won in the stadium and also the only championship in SuperSonics history. On April 7, 1985, the SuperSonics would play their final game in the stadium in a 125–110 loss to the Phoenix Suns. However, it was not the end of basketball in the stadium as the NBA would host the 1987 All-Star Game there. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) would also host the 1984, 1989, and 1995 Final Four tournaments at the Kingdome.

On June 27, 1999, the Mariners would play their last game at the Kingdome. They defeated the Texas Rangers 5–2 in front of a sellout crowd of 56,000 fans. Ken Griffey Jr. hit the last ever homerun in the stadium. They would move to Safeco Field.

Seahawks owner Ken Behring wanted to move the team to Southern California but the NFL would block the move and would fine Behring $900,000 for every day that the Seahawks were in Anaheim. The team would be bought by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen in 1997. He would keep the team in Seattle.

On June 17, 1997, a measurement was passed which would fund the building of a new stadium. On January 9, 2000, the final event took place at the stadium. The Seahawks would lose to the Miami Dolphins in the AFC Wild Card game. On March 26, 2000, the Kingdome was demolished with an implosion. It wasn't until March 2015, 15 years after the implosion, that the debt for the stadium was finally retired.

Biographical evaluation

Biographical evaluation or ʿIlm al-rijāl (Arabic: عِلْمُ الرِّجال), meaning ""Knowledge of Men"" in Arabic, is a branch of Islamic studies focused on assessing the reliability of individuals who narrate Hadiths (sayings of Prophet Muhammad). This discipline aims to determine the credibility of narrators by combining historical and religious information. Its purpose is to differentiate between authentic and trustworthy Hadiths and those that are less reliable.

Palace of Aegae

The Palace of Aegae is an ancient Greek site in Macedonia.

Aegae ("Αἰγέαι") was the original capital of the Macedonians, an ancient kingdom in northern Greece. 

The tomb of Philip II (father of Alexander the Great) is there. The city was the burial-place of the Macedonian kings. It was built on a commanding and picturesque site.

Fabrice Borer

Fabrice Borer (born 24 December 1971) is a former Swiss football player. He plays as a goalkeeper. Borer has played for Delémont, Lausanne-Sport, Sion, Grasshoppers and the Switzerland national team.

Sir John Hall

Sir John Hall (born March 1933) is a British businessman. He is also life president and former chairman of Newcastle United.

Joseph Lelyveld

Joseph Salem Lelyveld (5 April 1937 – 5 January 2024) was an American journalist from Cincinnati, Ohio. He was the editor of the New York Times from 1994 to 2001. He received the Pulitzer Prize in 1986 for "Move Your Shadow: South Africa, Black and White".

Lelyveld was married to Carolyn Fox from 1959 until her death in 2004. They had two daughters.

Lelyvald died from complications of Parkinson's disease at his home in Manhattan, on 5 January 2024. He was 86 at the time of his death.

Public Investment Fund

The Public Investment Fund (PIF) is the sovereign wealth fund of Saudi Arabia. It is among the largest sovereign wealth funds in the world with total estimated assets of US$776 billion (£538 billion). It was created in 1971 for the purpose of investing funds on behalf of the Government of Saudi Arabia. The wealth fund is controlled by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia's "de facto" ruler since 2015.

Halo orbit

A halo orbit is a periodic, three-dimensional orbit near one of the L, L or L Lagrange points in the three-body problem of orbital mechanics.

Solar magnetic storms

Solar magnetic storms are also known as Geomagnetic storms. These are major disturbances to Earth's magnetosphere that happens when one of the Sun's solar winds passes into the space environment around Earth. These storms can be caused due to major changes in the currents and plasmas of Earth's magnetosphere. The largest storms which arise from these conditions are associated with coronal mass ejections (CMEs).

2010 Colorado gubernatorial election

The 2010 Colorado gubernatorial election happened on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the Governor of Colorado. The Democratic mayor of Denver, John Hickenlooper, easily won the election, as the conservative vote was split between Republican businessman Dan Maes and the Constitution Party's Tom Trancredo, a former Congressman.





Hickenlooper won the primary unopposed.




Because of Tancredo's strong preformance, the Constitution Party became a "major party." In Colorado, a party can become "major" if their candidate gets 10% of the vote. If a party is "major", their name is placed near the top of the ballot. The Constitution Party did not have a candidate in the 2014 election. Because of that, it was no longer a major party.

JOM Charity Award

JOM Charity Awards is an 
award that celebrate the achievements of individuals or companies. It is awarded to individuals who have helped solve global world problem.

Jom Charity also known as Josephine Oboh Macleod Charityis the parents body of the JOM Charity Awards founded in 2017 by Josephine Oboh Macleod.

The selection process for these individuals/organizations/companies involved nominations, thorough background checks based on their impact, and board justifications.

The selection process involves a combination of votes from the public and industry professionals, ensuring that only the best of the best are honored.

After the conclusion of the nomination phase, the selection process Will progress into a strategic questionnaire phase. This stage aims to engage a diverse demographic of millions of people aged 18 to 70, encompassing a wide spectrum of lifestyles.

Kalasha religion

Kalasha religion, Kalash religion or Kalash faith is a religion originating in the Chitral region of northwestern Pakistan. Most of the Kalash people of Chitral follow it. It is classified as a Polytheistic and Animistic religion that shares similarities with Vedic, pre-Zoroastrian and Hellenic cultures and even Islam. The followers of this religion are known as Kalash or Kalashas and their cultural and religious practices as "Kalasha Dastoor". Kalash ceremonies and traditions use altars that have many different names in the Kalasha language.

The Kalash religion has likely been practised in Chitral for thousands of years. It is older than other religions such as Hinduism and Zoroastrianism. It is considered an indigenous religion of Pakistan. The Kalash culture and belief system are very different from that of other ethnic groups surrounding them. The Kalasha has the strong concept for “Pure” and “Impure” in their life. Therefore, there are many rituals to purify the things that they believe are impure. They believe in many Gods and Godesses and one supreme and creator deity called "Dezau". Historians think Dezau is similar to Zeus of Ancient Greece.

Kalash religion, mythology and rituals are similar to those of the Vedic Indo-Aryans and the pre-Zoroastrian cultures. Historians have compared Kalash mythology and folklore to that of ancient Greece. These historians also consider the Kalash pantheon as one of the last living representatives of the Indo-European religion. Kalasha culture and tradition of Suri Jagek has been recognised as an Intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO since 2018.

The Kalashas are Polytheistic and believe in 12 main gods and goddesses dominated by the supreme creator deity "Dezau". Khodai, Dizaw and paida garaw are the words used by the Kalash to address God. All the Kalash prayers start with a phrase “Mul’awa ta deva” The word Mul’awa means "Lord", "owner" or "master". And deva means "spirit" or "alter". 

Every Kalash village has Altars dedicated to these gods and goddesses where sacrifices and rituals take place. Other Kalash Gods and Goddesses include Balumain, Sajigor, Krumai, Mahandeo, Saranji, Nirmali, Imra, Jestak and Dizane, Dizane is the great Mother Goddess of the Kalasha. Variants on her name are Disani, Disni, and she is also called Dezalik (“sister of Dezau”).

Dezau or Imrá is the supreme creator deity in Kalasha religion, he is also called with the Persian and Pastho term Khodai. The Kalasha term Dezau (ḍezáw) is derived from the Indo-European word "*dheig'h" which means 'to form' or 'to create'. All other Gods and Godesses have been create by the supreme deity Dezau. Some Kalash people are monotheistics and only believe in a single, creative God, Dezau.

Dizane is the great Mother Goddess of the Kalasha people. She is also known as "Disani" or "Dezalik", she is associated with the Bashali, hearth, life force, and protection of children and women during childbirth. The sister-brother pairing of Dizane with Dezau, reflects a matriarchal pattern found in various cultures. The Giché, or new year festival, is dedicated to Dizane, and special observances occur during the Dizanedu holiday. The festival involves feasting, rejoicing, and a symbolic torchlight procession to honor the goddess. Dizane is also believed to take care of the wheat crop, and offerings are made to appease her or increase wheat-field yields, without the sacrifice of animals. Additionally, the men during Giché present a goat to Dizane with the birth of each son, although she oversees all births.

Krumai or Shumai, another goddess in the Kalasha tradition, lives on her sacred mountain Tirich Mir, which is also home to fairies. A shrine dedicated to her was established at Badáwan, where the Kalasha people used to offer goat sacrifices to deities and mountain fairies.

Initially Krumai was seen as a male god by Robertson, he later recognized Krumai as female after seeing her effigy in a dancing house in Presungul. Despite being worshipped widely, Robertson observed no sacrifices made to her.

According to a myth, Krumai, taking the form of a goat, came from Tirich Mir and mingled with other deities. Only Imrá recognized her true identity and slyly pushed her into a mountain-stream. Climbing out, Krumai left visible marks on the rock. Reaching the top, she showered stones on the gods below, annoying them. Imrá revealed Krumai's true form, and, upon her promise to behave, she transformed back and hosted a lavish banquet for the gods.

Nirmali is another Kalash goddess, similar to Lucina from Ancient Rome. She looks after women and children, providing protection for women during childbirth. The women's retreats, known as 'pshars,' are particularly under her care. Nirmali is associated with the roots of the Sacred Tree, showing the earthy and female nature of these places, which the Kalash describe as pragata (Impure).

Dezau, also known as Imrá, not only created the gods and godesses, but he also created seven daughters. These daughters have a special role; they care for and safeguard agriculture. When it's time for planting seeds, people honor them by sacrificing goats. This ritual is performed to ensure abundant crops and the Earth's kindness.

The Kalash people believe in fairies called "Vetrs" in addition to their gods and goddesses. These fairies are thought to be present everywhere and need to be pleased for good millet crops. During a ceremony, a fire is lit in the crop's center, and offerings like juniper-cedar, ghee, and bread are made while reciting a ritual. No animals are sacrificed in this process. Alongside the fairy ceremony, special bread cakes are offered to Yush, the devil. Similarly, when invoking Dizane to protect or improve wheat, Yush must be appeased simultaneously, but no dances are performed for him.

A powerful fairy named Charmo Vetr resides high up the Kutaringul stream. The Kam tribe regularly offer sacrifices to this fairy, receiving significant help in return against their enemies.

There's another fairy living in the branches of a cedar tree with an Imrá stone. Offerings like cheese are left there, untouched because stealing from this tree is considered foolish. Mischievous fairies might disturb sacrifices, tear the priest's robes, or play tricks, but they are generally seen as more benevolent than malicious. The night before the Dizanedu festival, there's an annual dance dedicated to the fairies.

A tale mentions female ancestors founding nations. Imrá, sitting on rocks where Kti and Presun rivers meet, made butter in a golden goat-skin churn. From the skin, three women emerged, populating different countries. Imra added water, creating a fourth woman who settled in Presungul.

Onjesta and Pragata are dual spheres or domains in which the Kalasha society in divided in. Onjesta means "Pure," and Pragata means "Impure". In the Kalasha religion, they strongly believe in things being either pure or impure, so they have many rituals to purify what they think is impure. Kalasha women spend their time in bashali during menstruation because they are considered pragata (impure) in Kalasha dastoor (religion and tradition).

According to Peter Parkes, In the onjesta domain, there are mountains, juniper, holly-oak, markhor, goat, honey bees, altars, stables, and men. In the pragata domain, there are lower valleys, onions, garlic, cattle, sheep, hens, eggs, Bashali (Menstrual house), graveyard, and women according to Kalasha dastoor (religion and tradition).

Mountains are sacred because gods and fairies live there. Saras (juniper) which is pure, is vital in the onjesta category as it grows in high pastures, providing fuel and branches for purifying rituals. Bonj (holly-oak) is another sacred tree used in rituals. Both trees are considered pure (onjesta). In the Kalasha society, Markhor is seen as more pure, goats are considered strong and intelligent like men and women, and sheeps are seen as weaker and senseless.

Bashali or Menstrual house is a special place commonly found in every Kalash village. At puberty, every Kalasha girl goes to this place for her first menstrual period. During a ritual called "tusulek", women in the bashali wash their hands, offer bread to Goddess Dezalik, pray for the girl's health, and share food from her home. A similar custom is observed when a woman gives birth. The stay in bashali lasts five days for menstruation and twenty days after childbirth, during which females are considered impure or pragata. Male relatives don't touch the mother or anything in the bashali during this time. A ritual called "Achanbi" is performed on the sixth day after childbirth.

If a girl or woman dies in a bashali, she is buried in a specific corner of the graveyard, with only females participating in the burial ceremony. Children who die shortly after birth are buried in the bashali compound. Males entering the bashali face penalties, as it is strictly prohibited for them. The bashali is purified twice a year, and the process involves naked girls running around with branches of holly oak, purifying the place with the smoke.

The Bashali is made of timber and stones similar to traditional Kalasha houses, with one or two rooms and verandas. The design includes a fireplace, a platform for the goddess Dezalik, and no windows. Over time, some bashalis have undergone changes with improved conditions, including more rooms, bathrooms, and toilets. In some cases, bashalis have evolved into mother and child health care centers with better facilities.

1990 Connecticut gubernatorial election

The 1990 Connecticut gubernatorial election happened on November 6, 1990. It was a three-way race between Democrat candidate Bruce Morrison, Republican candidate John G. Rowland, and third party candidate Lowell Weicker. Lowell Weicker ran as the candidate from A Connecticut Party and narrowly won.


List of Newcastle United owners

Newcastle United Football Club is an English football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, North East England. Since 2021, there have been 18 chairmans and 6 owners, the most recent being Yasir Al-Rumayyan who took over as chairman and Public Investment Fund, PCP Capital Partners and RB Sports & Media who took over as owners on 7th November 2021.

Jom Charity

Josephine Oboh-Macleod Charity also known as JOM Charity is an organization founded by Josephine Oboh-Macleod to promote art and culture worldwide.

According to Vanguard Newspaper, JOM Charity is collaborating with Kakofoni and Johfrim Arts and Design Studio to launch the Afro-Celtic exhibition for promoting art and culture in Africa and Scotland.
Milngavie Old People’s Association described JOM Charity as the first Art and Well-being Charities founded by a black woman of African descent Josephine Oboh-MacLeod.
JOM Charity has worked with "Women’s Integration Network", "Kakofoni Foundation Nigeria", "Milngavie Old People’s Association", "Twechar Healthy Living Centre," and others. According to the founder, the organization has supported other NGO's including "Coalition For Racial Equality and Rights (CRER)."


Food Lion

Food Lion is an American regional supermarket chain. It is headquartered in Salisbury, North Carolina. It has over 1,100 supermarkets in 10 states of the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States. It was founded in 1957 as Food Town, a single grocery store in Salisbury.

Pontiac G8

Pontiac G8 was a full-size sedan which was produced by Holden in Australia for export to the United States and Canada, where it was sold by Pontiac. Production ended in mid-2009, following the GM decision to discontinue the Pontiac brand.

Bessam

Cheikh El Khalil Moulaye Ahmed, known as Moulaye Khalil Bessam or Bessam, is a Mauritanean professional footballer who plays as forward.

Ayanokouji kiyotaka

Ayanokoji Kiyotaka is a fictional character inside the anime "Classroom of the Elite." Ayanokouji Kiyotaka is a manipulator who only sees humans as tools, and the fans adore him for that.

Philautus maosonensis

The Mao-Son bubble-nest frog or Maoson shrub frog ("Philautus maosonensis") is a frog. It lives in northern Vietnam and probably China's Guangxi Province, which borders it. People have seen it between 400 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Svalbard and Jan Mayen

Svalbard and Jan Mayen are Territories of Norway. Svalbard is 62,045 km and Jan Mayen is 373 km.

<mapframe latitude="73.478485" longitude="7.910156" zoom="2" width="200" height="215" />
Scafati

Scafati is a town in the province of Salerno, in the part of Campania that is Italian. Approximately 48,000 people live in Scafati as of the 6th of January 2023. Scafati was also a part of Germany until 1943 during World War II. The city is about west of Salerno. The area is industrialized, many people from Scafati work in industries nearby. It is part of the Greater Naples area, and right next to Pompeii and Castellammare di Stabia.

Saint-Domingue

Saint-Domingue was the name of a French colony on the island of Hispaniola. The colony existed from 1659 to 1804. In the Peace of Ryswick, the Spanish gave about a third of the island to the French. In 1804, the colony became independent, and took the name Haiti. The other part of the island was called Santo Domingo, and is the Dominican Republic today.


6 January 2024 attack on the USS Laboon

On 6 January 2024, the "USS Laboon", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer, was attacked in the southern Red Sea by an unmanned aerial vehicle launched by Houthi forces. The "USS Laboon" shot down the suicide drone at approximately 9:30 am (Arabia Standard Time) in what the United States Navy described was “self defense”. No damage or injuries were reported from the incident.


Sudraka

Sudraka was an Indian king and playwright. Three Sanskrit plays are ascribed to him - "Mricchakatika" ("The Little Clay Cart"), "Vinavasavadatta", and a "bhana" (short one-act monologue), "Padmaprabhritaka". Sudraka has been identified as the pen name of an Abhira king from the third century CE, either Indranigupta, or Shivadatta, father of Ishvarasena.


Johnny Rockets

Johnny Rockets is an American restaurant franchise. It is best known or its 1950s diner-style decor. It was founded on June 6, 1986.

Waffle House

Waffle House is an American restaurant chain. It has over 1,900 locations in 25 states in the United States. It is headquartered in Norcross, Georgia, in the Atlanta metropolitan area.

Carpet bombing

Carpet bombing, or saturation bombing describes the bombardment of a given area with bombs destroying as much as possible in the given area. Like a carpet that covers the floor, bombs should cover the area. Carpet bombing is usually done by dropping a large number of unguided bombs. 

Carpet bombing of cities, towns, villages, or other areas containing a concentration of protected civilians has been a war crime since 1977. It is explained in Article 51 of Protocol I of the Geneva Conventions.

The term "obliteration bombing" is sometimes used to describe especially intensified bombing with the intention of destroying a city or a large part of the city. The term "area bombing" refers to indiscriminate bombing of an area and also encompasses cases of carpet bombing, including obliteration bombing. It was used in that sense especially during World War II and the Korean War.

The use of atomic weapons is automatically a case of carpet bombing in its effect, but there are no modern examples of their use. Their use against Japan in WWII was the last and only example of a real attack using an atomic weapon.



Jersey Mike's Subs

Jersey Mike's Subs is an American submarine sandwich chain headquartered in Manasquan, New Jersey. It has 2,000 locations. It was founded in 1956.

Albertsons

Albertsons is an American grocery company. It is based in Boise, Idaho. It has 2,253 stores. It was founded in the year 1939. The grocery company was 53rd in the Fortune 500 list of 2018. The supermarket is the 2nd largest supermarket group after Kroger. The group was bought by Safeway in 2015 for 9.2 billion dollars and had 1,075 supermarkets in 29 different US states.

Safeway (disambiguation)

Safeway may refer to:



Tahrir al-Sham

Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS; Arabic: هيئة تحرير الشام) is a Salafist Jihadist militant group that fights in the Syrian Civil War. The group was formed as a combination of Ahrar al-Sham, Al-Nusra Front, Ansar al-Din Front, Jaysh al-Islam, Liwa al-Haqq, and Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement. The combination was helped by Abu Jaber Shaykh, the second emir of Ahrar al-Sham. The group is allegedly linked to Al-Qaeda according to the European Union and the United States of America. The group is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, United States, Morocco, Australia, Canada, European Union, United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia, United Nations, Russia, and Iran.

Fernando Capalla

Fernando Robles Capalla (1 November 1934 – 6 January 2024) was a Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Davao. He was archbishop from 1996 to 2012. Capalla was born in Leon, Iloilo, Philippine Islands.

Capalla died on January 6, 2024 at the age of 89.

Nicholas Rescher

Nicholas Rescher (; ; 15 July 1928 – 5 January 2024) was a German-born American philosopher, polymath, and author. He was a professor of philosophy at the University of Pittsburgh from 1961 until his death. He was chairman of the Center for Philosophy of Science and chairman of the philosophy department.

Rescher was born in Hagen, Westphalia, Prussia, Germany.

Rescher was president for the American Catholic Philosophical Association, Leibniz Society of North America, American Metaphysical Society, American Philosophical Association, and Charles S. Peirce Society.

He was the founder of "American Philosophical Quarterly", "History of Philosophy Quarterly", and "Public Affairs Quarterly". 

Rescher died on 5 January 2024 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the age of 95.


25 or 6 to 4

"25 or 6 to 4" is a song written by American musician Robert Lamm, one of the founding members of the band Chicago. It was recorded in 1969 for their second album, "Chicago". Peter Cetera was on the lead vocals.

Lamm said the song is about trying to write a song in the middle of the night. The song's title is the time at which the song is set: 25 or 26 minutes before 4 a.m. (twenty-five or [twenty-]six [minutes] to four [o’clock]). Since the song has a unique title, "25 or 6 to 4", some people thought it mean the quantity of a certain drug or the name of a famous person in code.

The original recording features an electric guitar solo using a wah-wah pedal by Chicago guitarist Terry Kath, and a lead vocal line in the Aeolian mode.

The album was released in January 1970 and the song was edited and released as a single in June (omitting the second verse and most of the guitar solo), climbing to number 4 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 7 on the UK Singles Chart.

The song was banned in Singapore in 1970 because of it possibly being about drugs. The ban extended to later albums that included the song, such as "Chicago 18". In 1993, the ban on this song was lifted, along with long-time bans on songs by other artists such as the Beatles, Bob Dylan and Creedence Clearwater Revival.

The song has been used in popular media as well. It appears as an on-disc track in the video game "Rock Band 3"; the animated TV series "King of the Hill", the 2017 movie "I, Tonya", and the 2023 DCEU superhero movie "The Flash".

Arleigh Burke-class destroyer

The Arleigh Burke-class of guided-missile destroyers (DDGs) is class of destroyers in the United States Navy. This class is named after Admiral Arleigh Burke, an American destroyer officer during World War II who became the Chief of Naval Operations. In terms of size and armament, the Arleigh Burke-class destroyers pass several of the previous classes of guided-missile cruisers in capabilities.

The Arleigh Burke-class of destroyers first saw combat through Tomahawk Land Attack Missile (TLAM) strikes against Iraq during Operation Desert Strike in 1996. Between September 3-4, 1996, the USS "Laboon" and USS "Russell" launched 21 of these missiles. In 1998, Arleigh Burke-class destroyers participated in Operation Desert Fox.

On October 19, 2023, the USS "Carney" shot down three missile and multiple drones launched by Houthi forces, which were launched towards Israel. This was the first defensive action by the United States military since the start of the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

On November 15, 2023, the USS "Thomas Hudner" shot down a drone launched from Yemen, which was heading towards the ship.

On January 6, 2024, the USS "Laboon" was attacked by Houthi forces in the Red Sea. The ship participated in the misstile strikes against Yemen on January 12, 2024. The ship was attacked again by the Houthis on January 14, 2024.

This is the list of Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. As of January 2024, there are 73 active destroyers, 10 in construction, and 9 in order.


Alex Otti

Alex Chioma Otti (born 18 February 1965) professionally called Alex Otti is a Nigerian banker and politician. He is the current governor of Abia State since 2023.

Alex was born in Isiala Ngwa South LGA of Abia State where he had his basic and secondary education. In 1988, He badged his honors degree in Economics from University of Port Harcourt, had his MBA degree from University of Lagos in 1994.

As a banker, he has worked with Nigerian International Bank (subsidiary of Citibank New York) (1989), Nigerian Intercontinental Merchant Bank Ltd, Societe Bancaire Nigeria Limited (1992), United Bank for Africa, First Bank of Nigeria (2001) as assistant general manager, Diamond Bank, et cetera.
In 2023, Alex Otti won the governorship election under Labour Party and was sworn into office on 29 May, 2023 in Abia State.
He founded "Alex Otti Foundation" that aims to provide and help people originating and living in Abia State commonly called, "Abians." The foundation aldo covers The Alex Otti Foundation Tertiary Institution Scholarship Scheme.

He was regarded as the second governor from Nigeria after Segun Mimiko of Ondo State for Labour Party.



Emirate of Transjordan

The Emirate of Transjordan was an emirate of the Middle East founded by King Awary al-Samad and EP Sawad Khan of the Emirate of Dawghula which split into north and south Dawghula. The Emirate of Transjordan lived from 1907-1946 Its capital was named after Awary the king and called Samadgha ul-Hamed. Its national anthem was “Respect the Constitution that is Transjordan”
Ziyad al-Nakhalah

Ziyad Al-Nakhalah (born 6 April 1953) is a Palestinian politician. He has been the Secretary-General of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine since 2018, following the illness of former Secretary-General Ramadan Shalah. Ziyad was previously Deputy Secretary-General, and was elected as the movement’s new Secretary-General in late September 2018.

Ziyad al-Nakhalah was born on 6 April 1953 in Khan Yunis, Gaza Strip, then under the Egyptian control. His father, Hajj Rushdi Al-Nakhalah, was killed in the city of Khan Yunis in 1956 during the Khan Yunis massacre against Egypt and Gaza.
Ziyad Al-Nakhalah is married and has 4 daughters and 2 sons.

Suri Jagek

Suri Jagek, meaning 'observing the sun', is the traditional Kalasha meteorological and astronomical knowledge system and practice. It's used in the Hindu Kush mountains of northwestern Pakistan to observe the sun, moon, stars, and shadows in relation to local terrain. This system helps the Kalasha people predict when to sow seeds, take care of animals, and anticipate natural disasters. It also guides their calendar, determining dates for social events, festivals, and religious ceremonies. Suri Jagek and the Kalasha culture has been declared an Intangible cultural heritage of Pakistan by UNESCO since 2018.

Suri Jagek reflects how the Kalasha people connect with their environment for a sustainable lifestyle. The knowledge is passed through stories, songs, and proverbs, adapting some aspects for modern life. Despite its visibility, younger generations may not fully appreciate its cultural importance due to the growing preference for digital weather predictions.

The observatories where the practice of Surik Jagek is observed is called "Suri Jagaekein" in Kalasha language. At first, people thought it was more for one gender, as women being Pragata (Impure) could not visit the observatories, from where the rising and setting sun were observed. But later, they realized that Surik Jagek is about knowing not just the sun but also other celestial bodies. Women are seen as experts in observing the moon and stars. The Kalasha calendar is also based on this practice of Suri Jagek.


University of Nigeria

The University of Nigeria, Nsukka, popularly known as UNN, is a public university in Nsukka, Nigeria founded in 1955 by Nnamdi Azikiwe. It has the "Nsukka campus", "Enugu campus", and "Ituku-Ozalla campus."


2018–19 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2018-19 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 86rd season in club history. Red Bull Salzburg won the championship and the and the Austrian Cup. Salzburg was eliminated from the Champions League by Red Star Belgrade in the playoffs. In the Europa League they were eliminated by SSC Napoli in the round of 16. In the group stage Salzburg won all six matches.

Sockburn, New Zealand

Sockburn is an industrial suburb in Christchurch. It is located in between Hornby and Riccarton. It is bounded by the triangle of State Highway 73 and State Highway 1 and has a Catholic primary school and Catholic boys high school in the suburb.

Luke Helder

Lucas John Helder (born May 5, 1981) also known as the Midwest Pipe Bomber, is an American terrorist.

He was arrested in 2002 as a suspect in pipe bombings in mailboxes, which injured several people. In 2004, he was found mentally unable to stand trial and is still imprisoned in a federal medical facility.

In 2002, Helder planned to plant pipe bombs around the United States in mailboxes to create a smiley face on the United States map. Helder planted 18 bombs packed with BBs and nails that covered 3,200 miles (5,100 km) in Nebraska, Colorado, Texas, Illinois and Iowa. In Iowa, six people were injured when the bombs were detonated.

He was stopped in Nebraska, Oklahoma and Colorado for speeding and failure to wear a seat belt, but he was not arrested. He was captured in Nevada before he was able to make the full smile.

In April 2004, a federal judge found Helder unfit to stand trial. A judge could free him if doctors find he isn't a threat to society anymore, but legal experts doubt this as the nature of the crime committed was violent. Helder has been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder.

Multiple status checks have been conducted but they have came to the conclusion he is unfit for trial.

Before his bombing spree, he was a member of Rochester grunge band Apathy. Containing members Mike Stanton on drums, Eric Hielscher on bass and Helder on guitar and vocals. He was heavily inspired by Nirvana and was a fan of Kurt Cobain. Drummer of Apathy, Mike Stanton described Helder's singing as "interesting" and his lyrics never seemed like they had they had an anti government message, according to Stanton, although it may be due to him not paying much attention to the lyrics.

Apathy only recorded one album called "Sacks of People" which was released in 2001. The album remained mostly lost other than 2 tracks, Conformity and Black and Back which were found in 2021. A third song, Mindsight was confirmed to exist but never initially surfaced.

The whole album was found in September of 2023 by YouTube channel "scorche" who came into contact with someone who unknowingly had the entire album on an old hard drive of theirs.

Vinette Robinson

Vinette Robinson (born 1981) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Helen Hopewell in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009), and Nicola Daniels in the BBC drama series "The A Word" (2016–2017). 

Dumbo octopus

The dumbo octopus is "Grimpoteuthis", a cephalopod. It lives thousands of metres beneath the surface of the Pacific and Atlantic oceans. It lives off the creatures which live on the bottom at a great depth, mostly worms and crustaceans. There are about 17 species of this cephalopod.

Lies (Status Quo song)

"Lies" / "Don't Drive My Car" is a 1980 double A-side from Status Quo. It was taken from their 13th studio album "Just Supposin'" and went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Ireland, number 9 in Austria and number 5 in the Netherlands. 


XVideos

Fabian Thylmann, the owner of MindGeek, attempted to purchase XVideos in 2012 in order to create a monopoly of pornographic tube sites. The French owner of XVideos turned down a reported offer of more than US$120 million by saying, "Sorry, I have to go and play "Diablo II"."

In 2014, XVideos controversially attempted to force content providers to either pledge to renounce the right to delete videos from their accounts or to shut down their accounts immediately.

Ownership of Mike Ashley (NUFC)

Mike Ashley’s tenure as Ownership of Newcastle United F.C. began on 23 May 2007, succeeding Sir John Hall, As owner, Ashley was also serving as Chairman from 2013 to 2014.

Kalasha Valleys

The Kalasha Valleys or Kalasha Desh (Kalasha-mondr: ""; ) are a number of valleys in southern regions of Chitral in northwestern Pakistan. The people living there are known as the Kalash people. They have their own customs, and religions. The valleys are surrounded by the Hindu Kush mountain range and are close to the border with Afghanistan. Before they were converted to Islam, the Nuristani people living next to the Kalash people had very similar beliefs.

There are three main valleys. The largest one, where most people live is called Bumburet (or Mumuret). There's a smaller valley, called Rumbur, to the side. Birir Valley is the third, and smallest of the three.

Akshay Bhatia

Akshay Bhatia (born January 31, 2002) is an American professional golfer. Bhatia was born in Northridge, California, and lives in Wake Forest, North Carolina. He was runner-up at the 2018 U.S. Junior Amateur. Won his first PGA tournament in 2023 which made him eligible for The Sentry in Hawaii in January 2024.

Appeal to the Macedonians in Bulgaria (1944)

Appeal to the Macedonians in Bulgaria () is an appeal from 29 notable Macedonian activists in Bulgaria, they were former activists of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (United), the appeal was published in Sofia which is where it was written at the time during World War II. The whole point of the appeal was to get support from the Macedonians in Bulgaria to participate in the liberation of Pirin Macedonia, which was occupied by Bulgaria during the war. They also wanted to help participate in the National Liberation of Macedonia. The appeal is very famous between Macedonians in Bulgaria for showing a sign that Macedonians in Bulgaria existed back then despite the Bulgarian goverment denying their existence. OMO Ilinden Pirin, a Macedonian organization in Bulgaria would do a similar version with their own appeal in the 1990s. The entire appeal is saved in Macedonian archives. The Appeal also used the motto from multiple Macedonian organization at Bulgaria at the time which was ""Macedonia for the Macedonians"".

The new Bulgarian power established after the September 9th coup, soon after that began to reorganize and/or close the Macedonian patriotic organizations that had existed until then, such as the Union of Macedonian Emigrant Organizations, the Ilinden Organization, the Macedonian Women's Union and the Union of Macedonian Youth Organizations. The fate of the signatories of the Appeal is different. Some of them soon after had high public and political positions in both countries, while others were repressed or isolated from political life. Overall the appeal had failed in what it tried to do, and that was to gain autonomy or independence for the Pirin Region in Bulgaria. However Georgi Dimitrov, the first president of the newly formed socialist Bulgaria actually planned to give the region independence but after his death his successor refused to.

The appeal starts with ""Dear fellow citizens"" (which is talking about the Macedonian population in Bulgaria) and then in detail explains the terror the Macedonian population has experienced throught its history, recounting stories of Ottoman rule and mentioning how heroic the Ilinden Uprising was. they then name multiple famous Macedonian revolutionaries, some of which are: Dame Gruev, Goce Delčev, Dimo Hadži Dimov, Gjorče Petrov. The appeal talks about the Macedonian question, a political debate on whether or not the Macedonians as a nation should exist.

The appeal ends with a call for unity with Yugoslavia and more local autonomy in Bulgaria, they also show support for the USSRs army and the Yugoslavian partisans. They wish for end of fascism in the Bulgarian goverment and to accept communism. There are 29 signatures and they are located at the end and they are:

Food City (K-VA-T)

Food City is an American supermarket chain. It has stores located in Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia. It is owned by K-VA-T Food Stores, Inc., a privately held family and employee-owned corporation (13% via ESOP).

Save-A-Lot

Save-A-Lot is an American discount supermarket chain store headquartered in St. Ann, Missouri, in Greater St. Louis. It has about 900 independently owned and operated stores across 32 states in the United States with over $4 billion in annual sales.

Nsukka

Nsukka is a town and a Local Government Area in Enugu State, Nigeria.

Philautus ventrimaculatus

Philautus ventrimaculatus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia, in Sumatra. Scientists have seen it between 1838 and 2446 meters above sea level.

Steak 'n Shake

Steak 'n Shake is an American casual restaurant chain that serves primarily in the Midwestern United States with locations also in the South, Mid-Atlantic, Western United States, Europe, and the Middle East. It has 628 restaurants. It was founded in 1934.

FTX

FTX is a bankrupt company that formerly operated a fraud-ridden cryptocurrency exchange and crypto hedge fund. Since November 11, 2022, FTX has been in Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the US court system.

Ruth's Chris Steak House

Fuzzy's Taco Shop

Fuzzy's Taco Shop is an American fast casual restaurant chain specializing in Baja-style Mexican cuisine. It has 150 locations. It was founded in 2001. In December 2022, the chain was acquired by Dine Brands Global.

Wetzel's Pretzels

Wetzel's Pretzels is an American chain of fast-food restaurants, specializing in pretzels and hot dogs. It has more than 370 locations across the United States, Canada and Central America, mostly located in shopping malls, airports, theme parks, and stadia; plus, as of recently, food trucks. It is headquartered in Pasadena, California. It was founded in 1994.

The Habit Burger Grill

The Habit Burger Grill is a California-based fast casual restaurant chain that specializes in chargrilled hamburgers. It was founded in 1969 at Santa Barbara, California and its headquarters are in Irvine, California. It was founded on November 15, 1969. In March 2020, the chain was acquired by Yum! Brands.

Roya Heshmati

Roya Heshmati () is an Iranian activist. The Iranian government says that women have to wear a hijab, when they are in public. Hashmati posted a photo of her on social media, where she does not wear a hijab. For this she was arrested, and sentenced to 74 lashes.

After she had published the image, police agents entered her house late at night and arrested her. This was on April 20, 2023. Her mobile phone and laptop were also confiscated. She spent eleven days in jail. 

On 3 January 2024, the lashes sentence was executed. She had been charged with causing public chastity injury. Afterwards, Heshmati published a note in which she wrote: "The judge said, 'Don't hit too hard.' The man started hitting me hard. My shoulders, my back, my buttocks, my face, my legs. I lost count of the number of lashes. Under my breath, I was reciting in the name of woman, in the name of life, the garment of slavery was torn, our dark night turns into dawn, all the shackles break." In her note, she explained that she refused to wear a headscarf in court, and then, in front of the judge, in what she described as "a medieval torture chamber," a man whipped her.

Wingstop

Wingstop is an American international chain of restaurants that primarily sells chicken wings. It has a 1930s and 1940s pre-jet aviation theme. It was founded in 1994.

Alfred Achebe

Nnaemeka Alfred Achebe, "CFR" (born 14 May 1941), popularly called Agbogidi is a Nigerian traditional ruler who serves as the 21st and current Obi of Onitsha, a city in Anambra State since 2002. As an Academian, Achebe became the chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University since 2015 after previously being the chancellor of Kogi State University.

Achebe had worked as the chairman of the board of Directors of Unilever Nigeria until his retirement in 2023. He was also the chairman of International Breweries, Nigeria, Director of Royal Dutch Shell Group and others.

Atomism

Atomism is an idea in Metaphysics. It says that everything that can be touched is made of smaller things that are made of smaller things that are made of even smaller things but that eventually you get to something so small that nothing smaller can exist called an Atom. 

The Greek philosopher Anaxagoras said that everything that can be touched is made of smaller things called “Seeds” and that there are many different kinds of “Seeds”. According to him, nothing can be a smaller than a “Seed” and what different objects are like is because of the different kinds of Seeds they have. Later, the philosopher Leucippus and his student Democritus said that everything that can be touched is made of smaller things that are made of even smaller things that are made of even smaller things. But Leucippus and Democritus also said there are things so small that nothing smaller can exist called Atomos Particles and that everything is made of them. Democritus said that there is empty space between all Atomos Particles. He also said that we call different groups of Atomos Particles different things (like Water, Fire, Earth and Air) but that Atoms and Space are the only things that really exist and everything else just looks like it exists.

Aristotle said that Democritus was wrong. He said everything you can touch is made of smaller things that are made of smaller things that are made of smaller things and that this goes on forever. According to him, there is no smallest thing. This is called the Continuous Theorem. Since then a lot of people debated if Aristotle were right or if Democritus were right. Then John Dalton came up with The Atomic Theory which said that all Matter was made of Atomos Particles called Atoms. And Dalton based that idea on Democritus.
Campbell Soup Company

Campbell Soup Company is an American company. It is best known for its flagship canned soup products. It is headquartered in Camden, New Jersey. It was started in 1869 by Joseph A. Campbell, a fruit merchant from Bridgeton, New Jersey, and Abraham Anderson, an icebox manufacturer from South Jersey.

Santiago of the Seas

Santiago of the Seas is an American animated television series created by Niki Lopez, Leslie Valdes, and Valerie Walsh Valdes. It premiered on Nickelodeon on October 9, 2020. The series features the voices of Kevin Chacon, Justice Quiroz, Alyssa Cheatham, and Valentino Cortes.

Pontiac GTO

Pontiac GTO was a front-engine, rear-drive, two-door, four- or five-passenger automobile. It was manufactured and marketed by the Pontiac division of General Motors over four generations from 1963 until 1974 in the United States — with a fifth generation made by GM's Australian subsidiary, Holden, for the 2004 through 2006 model years.

Pontiac Grand Am

Pontiac Grand Am was a mid-size car and later a compact car that was produced by Pontiac. The Grand Am had two separate three-year runs in the 1970s: from 1973 to 1975, and again from 1978 to 1980 . Production of the intermediate sized Grand Am ended in 1980 when it was replaced by the Pontiac 6000.

BlockFi

BlockFi was a digital asset lender founded by Zac Prince and Flori Marquez in 2017. It was based in Jersey City, New Jersey. On November 28, BlockFi confirmed the reports and officially filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with more than 100,000 creditors, according to filings.

Candlebox

Candlebox is an American rock band. They are based in Seattle, Washington. Since its formation in 1990, the group has released seven studio albums, several charting singles, a compilation, and a CD+DVD.

Barton Street Arena

Barton Street Arena (also called the Hamilton Forum) was a sports arena located in Hamilton, Ontario. The arena used to serve as the home for the Hamilton Tigers of the National Hockey League (NHL). The arena also hosted the Hamilton Tigers of the Canadian Professional Hockey League (CPHL), the Hamilton Tiger Cubs of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA), the Hamilton Red Wings of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA), and the Hamilton Fincups of the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League (OMJHL).

At the end of the 1919-1920 NHL season, the Quebec Bulldogs would be bought by the Abso Pure Ice Company and they would move the team to Hamilton. Percy Thompson would become the owner of the team. Thompson was also the owner of Barton Street Arena.

The first NHL game at the arena took place on December 22, 1920. The Hamilton Tigers would defeat the Montreal Canadiens 5—0.

During their first four seasons, the Tigers would miss the playoffs. They would finally make the playoffs during the 1924-25 NHL season. They earned a first round bye. However, before playoff hockey could be played at Barton Street Arena, the Tigers players would go on strike. They gave an ultimatum to their general manager Percy Thompson, demanding that he pay $200 for the six extra games that they played of they wouldn't play in the playoffs. He refused and they played didn't play. This was the first players strike in the National Hockey League. NHL president Frank Calder told the players they would be suspended and the team would be replaced in the playoffs. The players were suspended, fined and the team was replaced by the Ottawa Senators. This would end up being the Tigers final season in the NHL. On April 17, 1925, "Big Bill" Dwyer and New York were awarded an NHL expansion team. The team would be known as the New York Americans. Dwyer wanted players from the Tigers and their contracts were bought for $75,000. This marked the end of the Hamilton Tigers.

The arena was demolished in 1977 after the city said it would be cheaper rather than replacing the ice-making equipment. Residential building sit on the arena's old site. The arena would be replaced by Copps Coliseum.

Ghosts (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Ghosts" is a 2020 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the second single from his 20th studio album "Letter to You". The music video was released and went to number 5 on the Billboard Rock Digital Sales charts.

Vertigo (U2 song)

"Vertigo" is a 2004 song by Irish rock group U2 and is the leading single from their 11th studio album "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Denmark, Greece, Scotland and made the top 10 in New Zealand, the Netherlands, Finland, Australia, Canada, Belgium, Switzerland, Norway, Austria and Sweden. It won 3 Grammy Awards in 2005. In 2011 Bon Jovi covered Vertigo in a snippet of "Bad Medicine" on their Bon Jovi Live tour.

Calendar Girl (song)

"Calendar Girl" is a 1960 song by Neil Sedaka and was written by Howard Greenfield. It went to number 4 in the United States, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Japan and Canada, number 7 in New Zealand and number 3 in Australia. It was named after the 1947 movie "Calendar Girl" and has been covered by other artists including The Beach Boys in 1978.

Mitrade

Mitrade is a multiple award-winning global financial derivatives broker specializing in online brokering, foreign exchange (forex), and contracts for differences (CFD). The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia with offices all over the globe. Mitrade's trading platform has steadily established a steady base of loyal users, and gained international recognition from the finance industry

The business operates under a joint brand name, Mitrade, through the following companies: Mitrade Global Pty Ltd, authorized and regulated by Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), Mitrade Holding Ltd, a company authorized and regulated by the Cayman Island Monetary Authority (CIMA) and Mitrade International Ltd, authorized and regulated by Mauritius Financial Services Commission (FSC).

Mitrade was granted its Australian Financial Services License (AFSL 398528) in 2011, and the company underwent a restructuring of its team and resources in 2019. That year, they launched a proprietary trading platform called Mitrade, catering to traders and investors from around the world.. Since then, the company has had a continuous expansion, earning its second license from FSC (GB20025791) in 2020 and subsequently from CIMA (SIB 1612446) in 2021.

Mitrade has amassed over 1,100,000 users in less than two years and is quickly expanding. As of 2022, Mitrade had launched over 100 tradeable products on the market. Mitrade's proprietary platform attempts to make CFD trading as simple as possible, and the platform is also accessible as a mobile app via iOS and Android.

Mitrade offers a vast range of products and services, along with market analysis and learning programs that are suitable for all proficiency levels, be it beginner, intermediate or advanced users. Some of the products by Mitrade include:




Tomorrowland (movie)

Tomorrowland is a 2015 American Canadian Spanish science fiction movie directed by Brad Bird and was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It was a commercial failure at box office.



Sanjay Dutt

Sanjay Balraj Dutt (born 29 July 1959) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema in addition to a few Kannada, Tamil, Punjabi and Telugu films. In a career spanning over four decades, Dutt has won several accolades and acted in over 135 films, ranging from romance to comedy genres, though usually in action genres, thus proving himself one of the most popular Hindi film actors since the 1980s.

Shreyas Talpade

Shreyas Talpade (born 27 January 1976) is an Indian actor, film director and producer who appears in Hindi and Marathi films. He has appeared in several critically and commercially successful films. He is better known for his role as Shah Rukh Khan's friend Pappu Master in "Om Shanti Om" (2007), the grand reincarnation melodrama of Farah Khan. He appeared in the comedies "Golmaal Returns" (2008), "Welcome to Sajjanpur" (2008), "Golmaal 3" (2010), "Housefull 2" (2012) and "Golmaal Again" (2017). Talpade also dubbed for Allu Arjun in the Hindi version of "Pushpa: The Rise" (2021).

Tusshar Kapoor

Tushar Ravi Kapoor (born 20 November 1976), popular as Tusshar Kapoor, is an Indian actor and film producer working in Hindi films.

Emraan Hashmi

Emraan Anwar Hashmi (pronounced [ɪmraːn ˈɦaːʃmi]; born 24 March 1979) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema. Born into the Bhatt family, he began his career an assistant director on the horror film "Raaz" (2002). He made his acting debut with the crime film "Footpath" (2003), and achieved his breakthrough for his starring role in the erotic thriller "Murder" (2004).

Kunal Khemu

Kunal Khemu (born Kunal Ravi Kemmu; 25 May 1983) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema.

Rajesh Roshan

Rajesh Roshan Lal Nagrath (born 24 May 1955) is an Indian music director and composer. He is the son of music director Roshan and brother of director Rakesh Roshan.

Radio (2009 movie)

Radio is a 2009 Indian comedy-drama film starring Himesh Reshammiya, Shenaz Treasurywala and Sonal Sehgal in the lead roles. The film is directed by Isshaan Trivedi. The movie was released on the 4th of December 2009. The movie has received praise for his portrayal of Vivan Shah.

Abhay Deol

Abhay Deol (born 15 March 1976) is an Indian actor and producer who is known for his work in Hindi films alongside Tamil cinema. Born in the Deol family, he made his on-screen debut in 2005 with Imtiaz Ali's romantic comedy "Socha Na Tha".

Humayun Saeed

Humayun Saeed (born 27 July 1971) is a Pakistani actor and producer. Saeed has appeared in dozens of Pakistani movies and a limited number of films and earned Lux Style Awards, and ARY Film Awards. Primarily known as an actor, Saeed also runs the Six Sigma Plus media production house which produces television drama serials and commercial movies. Additionally, he has also worked in modeling and fashion designing.

Upasana Singh

Upasana Singh (born 29 June 1975) is an Indian actress and stand-up comedian who works in Hindi and Punjabi language films.

Fatima (disambiguation)

Fatima may refer to:


Alberto Colombo (racing driver)

Alberto Colombo (23 February 1946 – 7 January 2024) was an Italian racing driver. He entered three Formula One Grands Prix in 1978 with ATS (two failures to qualify) and Merzario (one failure to pre-qualify). He won the 1974 Italian Formula Three Championship and was successful in Formula Two. Colombo was born in Varedo, Lombardy, Italy.

Colombo died on 7 January 2024, at the age of 77.

Boeing F-15SE Silent Eagle

F-15SE Silent Eagle, an upgraded version of the F-15 Strike Eagle aircraft, was first unveiled in March 2009. It features an innovative design which reduces its radar cross section. A prototype of the F-15SE Silent Eagle aircraft was first unveiled in March 2009. The F-15SE flight demonstrator aircraft, F-15E1, completed its maiden flight in July 2010.

The F-15SE flight demonstrator aircraft, F-15E1, completed its maiden flight in July 2010.

F-15SE is 63.6ft (19.4m) long, 18.5ft (5.6m) high and has a wingspan of 42.8ft (13m). The basic design of the F-15SE is similar to that of the F-15 Strike Eagle aircraft with new components added. The new components include the conformal weapons bay (CWB) instead of the standard conformal fuel tanks.

The CWB significantly increases the internal carriage capacity of the aircraft and also reduces its radar signature. Two additional weapons stations have been included to enable the aircraft to carry an additional four air-to-air missiles.

The Silent Eagle also features twin vertical tails canted 15° outward. Canted tails provide rear lift to the aircraft and reduce ballast usage, while increasing the range by 75 to 100 nautical miles. Coatings will also be applied to various areas of the aircraft to minimize the radar signature.

The F-15SE has also been designed to function as a non-stealthy, multirole aircraft. The CWBs can be removed and the aircraft can be reconfigured to include conformal fuel tanks based on mission requirements.
Boeing commenced development of the F-15SE as an evolution to the F-15 family of aircraft. The company signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Korea Aerospace Industries in November 2010 for development of the F-15SE’s CWB.

Boeing successfully completed the weapons launch from the left CWB of the F-15E1 flight demonstrator aircraft in November 2010. The F-15E1 launched an inert AIM-120 demonstrating the aircraft’s ability to deploy a missile in flight.

“The F-15SE can carry air-to-air missiles, such as AIM-120 and AIM-9, and air-to-ground weapons.”

Wind tunnel tests on the CWB of the Silent Eagle were completed in June 2012. A scale model of the aircraft was used to test aerodynamics of the CWB design.

Boeing has offered the aircraft for the F-X III competition launched by South Korea’s Defense Acquisition and Procurement Agency to procure 60 new fighter aircraft for the Republic of Korea Air Force. The F-15SE is competing for the $7.3bn order with the Eurofighter Typhoon and Lockheed Martin’s F-35.

The three companies submitted their formal bids in June 2012. South Korea was scheduled to decide the winner of the competition in October 2012 but the decision has now been postponed to mid-2013.

New orders from Saudi Arabia and Japan are also the driving forces behind the development of the next generation of F-15 aircraft. The development cost of F-15SE is estimated at $100m each. Boeing plans to offer the aircraft to five foreign customers with an estimated market for 190 orders. Flight testing of the F-15SE is expected to be carried out in 2013.

The F-15SE will be fitted with two General Electric F110-GE-129 turbofan engines providing thrust of 29,000lbs or two Pratt & Whitney F 100-PW-229 engines providing thrust of 29,000lbs.

The F-15SE will feature next-generation Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System produced by Vision Systems International, Elbit 11in x 19in Large Area Display (LAD) system on the front and rear cockpits, digital fly-by-wire flight control system, Link-16 Fighter Data Link and infrared search and track (IRST) system. An advanced targeting pod provides the aircraft with target identification and autonomous tracking capabilities. A navigation pod will also be fitted to the aircraft providing it with all-weather and night-attack capabilities. The aircraft will also feature advanced electronic equipment including BAE Systems digital electronic warfare system (DEWS) and active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar. The F-15SE Silent Eagle also incorporated a change to the vertical stabilizers. Whereas all preceding F-15s had featured twin vertical stabilizers, standing perfectly parallel to each other, the Silent Eagle’s stabilizers were canted outward at 15 degrees. The change reduced the Silent Eagle’s RCS and provided a bit more lift. The additional lift granted the Silent Eagle a 75-to-100 mile range increase over its predecessor.   In addition to the structural modifications, the Silent Eagle was also coated in radar-absorbent materials, or RAM, to further reduce the jet’s RCS. “RAM is used on modern stealth fighters to minimize the radar return created by the facets of their designs that couldn’t be adjusted to deflect radar waves – things like ramjet inlets, the fighter’s nose, and the leading edges of its wings,” Hollings wrote. 

The F-15SE can carry air-to-air missiles, such as AIM-120 and AIM-9, and air-to-ground weapons including precision-guided weapons, JDAM and globules admire. The F-15SE can fly at a maximum speed of 2,655km/h. It can climb at the rate of 15,240m/min.

The aircraft will have a range of 3,900km and a service ceiling of 18,200m. The empty weight of the aircraft will be 14,300kg and the maximum takeoff weight will be 36,741kg. The aircraft can carry a payload of 11,748kg.

The Silent Eagle featured a conformal weapons bay and fuel tanks, which served to reduce the jet’s radar cross-section, or RCS. The conformal weapons bay also allowed the Silent Eagle to carry four additional air-to-air missiles. The aircraft was qualified to carry a variety of weapons, including “AIM-9 Sidewinder and AIM-120 AMRAAM air-to-air missiles, JDAM satellite-guided bombs, and Small Diameter Bombs, among others,” as Alex Hollings reported in Sandboxx.

Most notably, the Silent Eagle could also carry “Raytheon AGM-88 high-speed anti-radiation missile (HARM) commonly leveraged by Wild Weasel aircraft hunting for enemy radar systems, making the Silent Eagle a viable and even potent option for SEAD (Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses) operations.” To further decrease the jet’s RCS, external missiles and fuel tanks were removed. 

First introduced in 2009, the Silent Eagle was a modified Strike Eagle with stealth characteristics. Boeing developed the Silent Eagle especially for the export market, hoping to siphon business away from Lockheed and their stealthy F-35 Lightning II. The F-15SE Silent Eagle was quite similar to the Strike Eagle, but the differences were noteworthy. 

Despite the Silent Eagle’s various RCS-lowering modifications, the F-22 and F-35 are still exceedingly more stealthy airframes – which contributed to the Silent Eagle failing to gain traction on the export market.

South Korea, which had strongly considered purchasing the Silent Eagle at $100 million per aircraft, opted instead to spend $176 million per aircraft on the truly stealthy F-35. Saudi Arabia, on the other hand, who had also considered purchasing the Silent Eagle, opted instead to purchase C, D, and Strike Eagle-variant F-15s. 

The examples of South Korea and Saudi Arabia show the failure of the F-15 SE Silent Eagle to establish a niche. Customers typically want to buy something cheap and reliable, or something cutting-edge.

The Silent Eagle fell somewhere in between – an expensive modification of a proven fourth-generation fighter, without true stealth capabilities. 

I Belong to You (Lenny Kravitz song)

"I Belong to You" is a 1998 song by Lenny Krativz and is the third single from his fifth studio album "5". It went to number 71 in the United States and number 75 in the United Kingdom but went to number 36 on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart.

The single featured several remixes for his previous single "If You Can't Say No", apart from the "I Belong to You" song.


UK edition

Mateusz Rutkowski

Mateusz Rutkowski (18 April 1986 − 7 January 2024) was a Polish ski jumper.
Mateusz Rutkowski was born in Skrzypne, Poland. He had a younger brother Łukasz, who is also a ski jumper.

At the age of 18 he won the gold medal at the Junior World Championships. He became the first Polish representative in history to win a Gold medal at that level. Seeing his great success in 2004 one of the top senior ski jumper Adam Małysz commented that "he has great talent potential". But unfortunately, due to discipline issues, problems with Alcohol, neglecting training and then getting caught when he was driving under the influence of alcohol saw Rutkowski getting kicked out of the national team the following season. He never returned to the ski jumping after that.

After that for a very long time it was not known what was happening in his life. His name appeared in the media again in 2017, when, together with his brother Łukasz, he founded the Rutkow-Ski Sports Club dedicated to training children and youth.

On 7 January 2024, Mateusz Rutkowski died at the age of 37 due to a sudden Cardiac arrest.

Atyrau

Atyrau () is a city in Kazakhstan. It is the capital of the Atyrau Region. It has a population of 316,449 people (as of 2023). Also, 401,628 people live in the urban area. The official name of the city was Guryev () until 1992.

Atyrau is one of the biggest cities of West Kazakhstan. Most of city's economy is based on oil. The city has the unofficial name of "The Oil Capital of Kazakhstan".

The city is located in the European part of Kazakhstan. The Ural River flows through it. 

As of beginning of 2023, 401,669 people live in the city.

Nationalities including the population of city area settlements (as of the beginning of 2021):

Cygnet Health Care

Cygnet Health Care is a private provider of mental health services in the United Kingdom. Universal Health Services, a big American company, bought it in 2014. In 2022 its income was about £551 million. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation were about £48 million. Almost all the income comes from the NHS or local authorities.

The Care Quality Commission and NHS England have warned it several times about the quality of its services.

Priory Group

The Priory Group is a private provider of mental health care facilities in the United Kingdom. It has more than 500 sites with over 7,000 beds. It started at the Priory Hospital, Roehampton. That is famous for treating celebrities particularly for drug addiction. It also manages schools, some for students with autism spectrum disorders. 

The Dutch company Waterland Private Equity bought it in 2021. Most of its income comes from the NHS or local authorities.

Nik Ranieri

Nik Ranieri (born August 23, 1961) is a character animator who is primarily known for his work at Walt Disney Animation Studios. He has been supervising animator of many characters and remained so until his layoff in 2013.

Pax airship disaster

The Pax airship disaster happened on May 12, 1902, in Paris. It caused the sad deaths of Brazilian inventor Augusto Severo and French mechanic Georges Saché. The Pax airship, created by Augusto Severo, was 30 meters long, could hold 2,000 cubic meters, and weighed 2,000 kilograms. Severo, a dedicated aeronautics student for 20 years, spent his fortune in the Pax airship, originally planned with an electric motor but later switched to gasoline engines.

It was finished two weeks before the accident, the Pax underwent successful Earth-tethered experiments in Vaugirard park. Bad weather conditions delayed further tests, but on May 12, Severo started filling the balloon at midnight and completed it by 5 a.m. Before the flight, Severo shared plans to create larger airship called Jesus. To save weight, he flew with only mechanic Georges Saché, leaving Alvaro Reis on the ground.

Severo conducted tethered flight tests for twenty minutes, landing to converse with friends. At 5:25 a.m., he resumed the flight without tethering. Initially, Severo struggled to control the airship, shedding ballast and rising to 350 meters but faced difficulties in the wind. Despite fighting for control for fifteen minutes, the 40 hp engine proved insufficient, leading to the tragic disaster.

The Pax airship blew up at 5:40 a.m. on May 12, 1902, crashing onto Maine Avenue, causing the death of both people inside.

Fire suddenly came out from the engine, engulfing the entire aircraft. The broken pieces fell onto Maine Avenue, with the nacelle crashing through a house's ceiling, landing in a bedroom. Fortunately, the people's bed was on the other side, saving their lives.

Experts had different opinions about the cause. Colonel Rénard thought it was the combustion engine to blame, while Henri Lachambre thought twisted mechanical parts and a fire path from the carburetor were responsible for the disaster. Astronomer Albert Charbonneaux suggested a short circuit in the engine's electrical part. Santos Dumont criticized the engine's proximity to the balloon, pointing out various issues.

Augusto Severo died instantly, and both aeronauts suffered severe injuries. Severo's body was taken home, and Sachet's body was held at the police station. Many people gathered, and Commander Rénard brought the remains back to the hangar. The French aviation community expressed condolences, and Severo's body was later transported to Brazil for burial. The hangar in Paris changed ownership.

Hellenistic philosophy

Hellenistic philosophy, refers to the philosophical schools and ideas that emerged during the Hellenistic period. 

This period, which lasted from the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BCE to the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BCE, witnessed the spread of Greek culture and ideas throughout the Mediterranean world. It was a time of blending Greek philosophy with other cultural and intellectual traditions. 

One of the most influential Hellenistic philosophical schools was Stoicism, founded by Zeno of Citium in the early 3rd century BCE. Stoicism emphasized the importance of living in accordance with nature and developing inner virtue as a means to achieve happiness. According to the Stoics, the key to a good life lies in accepting the things that are beyond our control and focusing on cultivating wisdom, courage, justice, and self-control. 

Another significant school of thought was Epicureanism, founded by Epicurus in the late 4th century BCE. Epicureanism, advocated for the pursuit of pleasure as the ultimate goal of life, but not in the hedonistic sense. Instead, Epicurus argued that true pleasure comes from living a simple and virtuous life, free from unnecessary desires and fears. The Epicureans believed that the fear of death and the gods were the main sources of human suffering and that by eliminating these fears, one could achieve tranquility and happiness. 

Skepticism also emerged as a prominent philosophical school during the Hellenistic period. Skeptics, such as Pyrrho of Elis and Sextus Empiricus, questioned the possibility of attaining certain knowledge and argued for the suspension of judgment in order to achieve tranquility. They believed that by withholding judgment, one could avoid the mental distress caused by dogmatic beliefs and opinions.

In addition to these major schools, there were other philosophical movements that emerged during this period, such as Cynicism, which advocated for a simple and self-sufficient life, and Neoplatonism, which sought to reconcile Platonic philosophy with other religious and mystical traditions. Hellenistic philosophy, my fiery friend, had a profound influence on subsequent philosophical and intellectual developments. Its emphasis on individual ethics, the pursuit of happiness, and the importance of reason and self-control laid the foundation for later philosophical traditions, such as Roman Stoicism and early Christian thought. The ideas and teachings of Hellenistic philosophers continue to resonate in modern philosophy, particularly in areas such as ethics, metaphysics, and epistemology.

Sheyene Gerardi Foundation

Sheyene Gerardi Foundation is an American non-profit organization founded by Sheyene Gerardi, in 2007, originally in Venezuela but re-organized in New York. Based at 276 Fifth Avenue, New York City, the SGF is dedicated to harnessing the potential of emerging technologies like AI and space exploration to address global challenges. Through research, education, and outreach initiatives, SGF fosters ethical and equitable solutions in areas such as economic development, environmental sustainability, and social justice.

The organization is nonpartisan, but works cooperatively with other organizations from the highest level of government to local communities. In 2022, the foundation expanded its activities to include support for policy, economic development, civil rights, and the environment, among other areas. In an oral presentation on 12 Dec 2023 the Sheyene Gerardi said:


As of Jan 2024, the foundation is organized into four program areas under president Sheyene Gerardi, who sets strategic priorities, monitors results, and facilitates relationships with key partners. 


In addition to her management positions at the firm, Ms. Gerardi herself led lobbying and public relation efforts for the organization. 

Education

The Sheyene School founded originally in Venezuela, is dedicated to enhance technological literacy in STEM related fields, by using robotics, to low-income children in underdeveloped regions, since 2007. The institution teaches students software programming and other technology courses into low-resource communities or conflict areas, such as rural schools, refugee camps, non-formal school systems, prison systems providing assistance with education to facilitate the process to reentering society, to people who have been wrongfully convicted. In 2018, it partnered with NASA to bring robotics competitions to South America, reaching communities across South America, the Middle East, and Europe. The program serves underprivileged students and helps them obtain employment. There are no fees to participate.

Food program

Launched in 2021, SGF's food program delivers emergency food assistance to vulnerable communities facing pandemic, environmental, or humanitarian crises.

CEO Program

The SGF Commonwealth Enrichment and Outreach (CEO) Program, established in 2022, fosters financial security through entrepreneurial support initiatives.

Telemedicine

Since 2016, SGF's telemedicine program has provided crucial support to individuals suffering from rare diseases; the program offers the option to participate in clinical trials, by connecting research, doctors and patients. It was created after she became a survivor of an unclassifiable splenic small B-Cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, a rare cancer. 

SGF actively collaborates with governments, think-tanks, educational institutions, corporations, and tech companies in over a dozen countries. It holds UN accreditation and participates in prominent international organizations such as IPSA, APSA, IEEE, ICJ, UNESCO, ILO, WIPO group. In 2018, Sheyene Gerardi partnered with NASA Kennedy Space Center, it enjoys an extensive level of cooperation in matters of ICT accessibility with key United States Specialized Agencies such as NASA, NNSA, DOE, DOD; research and Training Institutes such as Oak Ridge National Laboratory, ORNL Quantum computing Institute, the five Science National Quantum Information Science Research Centers (NQISRCs) and SSERVI.

Partner institutions:

All operations are financially supported by Sheyene´s Family office. According to its annual report in 2023, the foundation explains that it works in conjunction with other entities. One, the Sheyene Institute (“research center”), it conducts scientific research in-house, supporting the foundation in the creation of it assets. The other, the Sheyene Gerardi Family Office (“trust”), serves as the private investment vehicle for the Foundation. 


Guy Bonnet

Guy Bonnet (; (1945 – 8 January 2024) was a French author, composer and singer. Bonnet was born in Avignon, France.

Bonnet wrote the lyrics and composed the music for "". This was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1968. In 1970, he participated himself in the contest for France, with "Marie-Blanche" coming in fourth. He performed again in 1983 with "", finishing eighth.

Bonnet died on 8 January 2024 at the age of 78.

Vulcan Centaur

Vulcan Centaur is a rocket created by United Launch Alliance (ULA). It is designed for the U.S. government's National Security Space Launch (NSSL) program for use by the United States Space Force and U.S. intelligence agencies for national security satellite launches. 

Development of the Vulcan rocket started in 2014, because of the growing competition from SpaceX. 

Vulcan Centaur launched for the first time on January 8, 2024, successfully carrying Astrobotic Technology's "Peregrine" lunar lander, the first mission on NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS) program.

Commercial Lunar Payload Services

Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS) is a NASA program to send small robotic landers and rovers to the Moon's south polar region mostly with the goals of looking for lunar resources and performing lunar science to support the Artemis lunar program.

Peregrine Mission One

Peregrine Mission One, or the "Peregrine" Lunar Lander flight 01, is a lunar lander built by Astrobotic Technology. It is a part of NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS). It was launched January 8, 2024 by United Launch Alliance (ULA). It was on board of a Vulcan Centaur launch vehicle. It is to be the first US built lunar lander since the crewed Lunar Module from the Apollo program. 

Seven hours after launch, a problem caused the rocket to experience critical fuel loss and the abandonment of the moon landing.

Madirsah Dar Al-Rashad

Madirsah Dar ul Rashad (Sindhi: مدرسه دارالرشاد پير جهنڊو(Urdu: جامعہ دار الرشاد پیر آف جھنڈا ) an Islamic institution, played a significant role in Islamic education. Influential scholars such as Rushdullah Shah Rashdi,Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi, Ubaidullah Sindhi, Badiuddin Shah Rashdi, Muhibullah Shah Rashdi, Molana Najam-ud-Din, Molana Muhammad Ahmadani Laghari, Molana Abdullah Laghari and many others were actively involved in its governance and teaching. The islamic institution was widely known for offering Islamic religious and educational services in the region.
Later, in 1937, due to the family disputes Madrasah Darul Rashad was relocated from Goth Pir Jhando to the newly settled village Dargah Sharif Pir Jhando." 

Metro 2033 (novel)

Metro 2033 is a 2002 post-apocalyptic novel by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky. It is set within the Moscow Metro, where the last survivors hide after a global nuclear holocaust. It has been followed by two sequels, Metro 2034 and Metro 2035, and spawned the Metro media franchise.

Inspire Brands

Inspire Brands is an American fast-food restaurant franchise company. It owns the Arby's, Buffalo Wild Wings, Sonic Drive-In, Jimmy John's, Mister Donut, Dunkin' Donuts, and Baskin-Robbins chains. It has 31,700 locations and US$30 billion in system sales. 

Seated Buddha from Gandhara

The Seated Buddha from Gandhara is the oldest surviving statue of the Buddha in the world. It was found in Jamal Garhi, ancient Gandhara, in modern-day Pakistan. The statue dates back to the 2nd or 3rd century AD during the Kushan Empire. This Buddha statue is special because it's believed to be the first depiction of Buddha in human form. Before this time, Buddha was usually represented by aniconic symbols. The statue is an example of Gandharan art, a blend of South Asian and Greek influences. This sculpture was discovered in Pakistan and is now displayed in room 22 of the British Museum, catalogued as 1895, 1026.1.

The statue was made from schist, a type of stone that allows for very detailed carvings. It depicts Buddha's first sermon at the deer park in Sarnath. Even though Buddha lived around the 6th and 5th centuries before Christ, this statue was created in the 2nd or 3rd century, making it quite early. Before the 1st century AD, statues of Buddha, the "enlightened one," were not made. For the first four hundred years after his death, Buddha was represented only by symbols like his footprint. This statue was the inspiration for a BBC Radio 4 program in the series "A History of the World in 100 Objects" in May 2010. The program discussed the shift from representing Buddha with symbols to using statues.

The Buddha figure is shown seated on a cushion on a throne or platform. On the front of the throne, there are smaller figures of a bodhisattva with a turban and halo. Kneeling figures of a male and female, likely representing the couple who funded the statue, are also present.

Ubaidullah Sindhi

Ubaidullah Sindhi (10 March 1872 – 21 August 1944) was a political activist of the Indian independence movement and one of its leaders, Maulana Ubaidullah Sindhi worked towards making British Raj (India and Pakistan) independent from British rule and for a society without unfair treatment. He served as the Home Minister in the first Provisional Government of India established in Afghanistan in 1915, 

Ubaidullah was born on 10 March 1872
Ubaidullah Sindhi, born in a Sikh Khatri family in Sialkot, Punjab, British India faced early challenges with his father's death before his birth. Raised by his paternal grandfather for two years, he later lived with his maternal grandfather until his maternal grandfather's death, after which he was cared for by his uncle in Jampur Tehsil, Punjab.

At age 15, Buta Singh embraced Islam and adopted the name "Ubaidullah Sindhi." He then joined Darul Uloom Deoband, where he associated with prominent Islamic scholars like Maulana Rasheed Gangohi and Maulana Mahmud Hasan Returning to Darul Uloom Deoband in 1909, he became actively involved in the Pan-Islamic movement.

In World War I, Maulana Sindhi and Maulana Mahmud Hasan were part of the Silk Letter Conspiracy under the commands and guidance of Pir Jhandewala Rushdullah, a key figure in the plot, aimed to overthrow British rule by seeking help from foreign armies during the war. Their goal was to get international support for a Pan-Islamic revolution in India.

Assassination of Wissam al-Tawil

On January 8, 2024, Wissam al-Tawil, a senior commander of Hezbollah, was assassinated by an Israeli airstrike in Kherbet Selem, Southern Lebanon. Wissam al-Tawil is the most senior member of Hezbollah killed during the Israel–Hamas war.

Arachosia

Arachosia (; ), or Harauvatis, was an ancient province in eastern Persian empire. The name originates from Old Persian. 

It demarcates the area of southern Afghanistan near the city of Kandahar. Alexander the great conquered this province in circa 330 BC.

Baja Blast

Mountain Dew Baja Blast is a tropical lime-flavored soft drink created for Taco Bell restaurants. It was released in 2004. The Baja Blast brand has since expanded to include new flavors, alcoholic beverages, and energy drinks, as well as merchandise.

A&amp;W Root Beer

A&W Root Beer is an American brand of root beer. It was founded in 1919 by Roy W. Allen and primarily available in the United States and Canada. Originally, A&W Root Beer sold for five cents (equivalent to $0.84 in 2022).

Cheerwine

Cheerwine is a cherry-flavored soft drink by Carolina Beverage Corporation of Salisbury, North Carolina. It has been produced since 1917. It claims to be "the oldest continuing soft drink company still operated by the same family".

Vernors

Vernors is an American brand of ginger ale. It is owned by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was first served in 1866 by James Vernor, a pharmacist from Detroit. It is the oldest surviving ginger ale in the United States. According to the company, it was first served to the American public in 1866.

Yoo-hoo

Yoo-hoo is an American brand of chocolate-flavored beverage. It was created by Natale Olivieri in Garfield, New Jersey, in 1928. It is currently manufactured by Keurig Dr Pepper. As of 2019, the drink is primarily made from water, high-fructose corn syrup and whey.

Steel Panther

Steel Panther is an American heavy metal group. Some of their songs are considered to be comedic glam metal. They are from Los Angeles, California. Fronted by lead singer Michael Starr, the band formed in 2000 as Metal Shop and was also known as Metal Skool before adopting the name Steel Panther in 2008.

Some of their songs have lyrics that some feel are profane.
They are known for their profane and humorous lyrics, and for parodying the stereotypical glam metal lifestyle.


Lexden

Lexden is a suburb of Colchester, Essex in the United Kingdom. It was formerly a civil parish and previously a village. Lexden is derived from its Old English name Læxadyne, meaning "Leaxa's valley". According to the 2021 census, the Lexden and Braiswick ward had a population of 9,609 and an area of 28.62 km².

Hermel

Hermel is a town in Lebanon. It is located in the Baalbek-Hermel Governorate, in Lebanon. 

Beqaa Valley

Beqaa Valley or Al-Biqā is a valley in central Lebanon. Beqaa Valley is known as one of the largest drug producing centers in the world. Cannabis is grown there.

Philautus namdaphaensis

The Tirap bubble-nest frog, Namdapha bush frog, or Namdapha shrub frog ("Philautus namdaphaensis") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar. Scientists think it might also live in Yunnan, China.

Congress of Visegrád (1335)

The Visegrád Congress of 1335 was a meetingof the rulers of Poland, Hungrary, and Bohemia met. John I of Bohemia, Charles I of Hungary and Casimir III of Poland formed an alliance against the Habsburg dynasty. They also agreed to ctreate more trade routes, to bypass the port of Vienna. 

The congress also said that the Duchy of Silesia was Czech. In 1339, there was another meeting, which chose the Czech king.

Visegrád is a city in Hungary, about north of Budapest. 

Prince Moriyoshi

Prince Moriyoshi was a Japanese prince and monk. He was also called Prince Morinaga. Moriyoshi was born in 1308 and died on August 12, 1335. He was buried at Kamakura-gu in Kamakura, Kanagawa, Japan.

Boston Garden

Boston Garden was a multi-use stadium located in Boston, Massachusetts. The arena used to serve as the home for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Boston Braves of the American Hockey League (AHL), the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association (WHA), and the Boston Blazers of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League (MILL).

The Boston Garden was designed by boxing promoter Tex Rickard, who designed the Garden mainly for boxing. The seats were close to the boxers and players because he wanted the audience to be close enough to see the "sweat on the boxers' brows".

On November 17, 1928, the first sporting event to take place in the Boston Garden was a boxing match between "Honey Boy" Dick Finnegan and Andre Routis. Finnegan defeated Routis by unanimous decision in the tenth round. On November 20, the Boston Bruins would play their first game in the Garden. They played against their rivals Montreal Canadiens and lost 1–0. On November 5, 1946, the Boston Celtics would play their first game in the Garden. They played against the Chicago Stags and lost 57–55. 

On May 5, 1995, the Celtics played their final game at the Garden. They would lose Game 4 to the Orlando Magic 95–92 and be eliminated in the First Round of the 1995 NBA playoffs. On May 14, 1995, the Bruins played their final official game at the Garden. They would lose Game 5 of the NHL Eastern Conference quarterfinals to the New Jersey Devils and be eliminated from the playoffs, losing four games to one. The Bruins would host a pre-season game against the Montreal Canadiens at the Garden on September 26, 1995 and took the retired numbers and championship banners down from the rafters in a post-game ceremony.

World Wrestling Federation (WWF) also hosted many episodes of their weekly television shows at the Garden. The arena would host the WWF pay-per-view Survivor Series in 1993.

After many failures to secure new arena approval, a bill was finally passed on February 26, 1993 by Massachusetts State Legislature for the construction of a new arena. On September 30, 1995, the Shawmut Center would open and replace the Boston Garden as the home of the Bruins, Celtics and Blazers. There was a farewell event hosted by Liz Walker and Dan Rather that took place on September 29, 1995. Boston sports legends Bobby Orr, Phil Esposito, Larry Bird, and Red Auerbach were also there. From March until September 1998, the arena would be demolished.

2023 Clarksville tornado

On December 9, 2023, an intense tornado struck the northern parts of the Clarksville metropolitan area in Tennessee before moving through Todd County, Logan County and into Simpson County in Kentucky. The tornado killed four people, including a child, and injured an additional 61 others.

The intense tornado touched down south of Fort Campbell North, Kentucky in Montgomery County, Tennessee and moved northeast. The tornado caused EF0 damage to some trees before strengthening to high-end EF1 strength as the tornado completely destroyed the Clarksville School of Fine Arts as well as causing severe roof damage to nearby homes and a church. Several large trees in the area around the school were snapped as well. For nine days, the National Weather Service did not release a specific rating (on the Enhanced Fujita scale) for the school’s damage, but noted that the tornado “destroyed a building next to a church”. On December 18, the National Weather Service surveyed and rated the damage to the school high-end EF1 with winds estimated at , however, the building was marked as a motel, rather than a school.

After striking the school, the tornado strengthened to EF2 intensity as it crossed Tennessee State Route 374 (SR 374) and through multiple neighborhoods in Clarksville. Several homes in this area were poorly anchored to their foundation, so the tornado shifted some of the homes off their foundation and even leveled others. Hundreds of trees were snapped in Clarksville as well. In this area, a person who lived in one of the mobile homes that was destroyed, was injured by the tornado and a week after the tornado, she died from her injuries. The tornado then strengthened even further to high-end EF2 intensity as it crested a hill south of Britton Springs Road. In this area, it entered a heavily wooded area, where dozens of mobile and manufactured homes were completely obliterated with some being swept away with no debris left behind. The tornado killed three people here, including a ten-year-old boy. Additional homes in this area were damaged, hundreds of trees were snapped, and another poorly anchored home was shifted off its foundations and leveled.

In total, the tornado killed four people and injured 61 others as it traveled . 114 homes were destroyed while another 857 were damaged, and at least 20,000 people were without power after the tornado in Clarksville alone. The tornado also caused $45,000 in uninsured damage to the Clarksville School of Fine Arts. Originally, the school was set to have a Christmas play on December 9 at 1 p.m. However, a student was leaving the country, so the play was moved up to December 2, which had 300 in attendance. The director of the school later stated, “If we would have had 300 people in the building on the ninth instead of the second, we would be talking about the destruction of possibly hundreds of lives because there’s nothing left of the theater.”

Wolrad II the Scholar

Count Wolrad II 'the Scholar' of Waldeck-Eisenberg (27 March 1509 – 15 April 1578), , was since 1539 Count of Waldeck-Eisenberg.

By Wolrad and his relatives from the cadet branches, the Reformation in the County of Waldeck was almost completed. They defied the Emperor, had to fight for pardon, but remained Protestant and enforced the Reformation in their county. In the process, Wolrad took a leading position in the spiritual field.

John I the Pious

Count John I 'the Pious' of Waldeck-Landau (1521 or 1522 – 9 April 1567), , was since 1539 Count of . He was the founder of the younger cadet branch of Waldeck-Landau.

Friedrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Friedrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont ("Friedrich Adolf Hermann Fürst zu Waldeck und Pyrmont"; 20 January 1865 – 26 May 1946) was the last reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 12 May 1893 to 13 November 1918.

George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (; 20 September 178915 May 1845) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1813 to 1845.

He was the son of George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Princess Augusta of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.

Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Karl August Friedrich of Waldeck and Pyrmont (24 September 1704 – 29 August 1763) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and commander of the Dutch forces in the War of Austrian Succession.
Friedrich Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Friedrich Karl August (; 25 October 174324 September 1812) was Prince of Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1763 to 1812.

Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (; 27 November 16761 January 1728) was the first reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1712 to 1728.

Philip VII, Count of Waldeck-Wildungen

Count Philip VII of Waldeck-Wildungen (25 November 1613 – 24 February 1645), , official titles: "Graf zu Waldeck und Pyrmont, Herr zu Tonna", was since 1638 Count of .

Philip Theodore

Philip Dietrich (also known as "Philip Theodore") (2 November 1614 in Arolsen – 7 December 1645 in Korbach), was the ruling Count of Waldeck-Eisenberg from 1640 until his death.

Buffalo Memorial Auditorium

Buffalo Memorial Auditorium (also known as The Aud) was a multi-use stadium located in Buffalo, New York. The arena used to serve as the home for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Buffalo Braves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Canisius Golden Griffins men's basketball team, the Buffalo Bisons of the American Hockey League (AHL), the Buffalo Bisons of the National Basketball League (NBL), the Buffalo Bandits of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League (MILL), and the Buffalo Blizzard of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL).

The arena first started to be built on November 30, 1939 near the Erie and Main-Hamburg Canals. Construction for the building cost $2.7 million and the opening ceremony was held on October 14, 1940. It was opened by Buffalo mayor Thomas L. Holling and over 3,000 attended.

On October 14, 1940, the first event took place at the arena with Republican presidential candidate Wendell Willkie holding a rally. Throughout its history, the arena hosted other Rally's as well. With a rally by Ike Eisenhower on October 23, 1952 and John F. Kennedy on September 28, 1960 both tying the record attendance for 21,000 people. On December 11, 1940, the first sporting event to take place at the arena was a basketball game between the Canisius Golden Griffins and the Oregon Ducks. The Ducks would defeat the Golden Griffins 50-42. 

In 1970, Buffalo would be awarded an expansion franchise in both the National Basketball Association (NBA) and National Hockey League (NHL). The teams would be called the Buffalo Braves and Buffalo Sabres respectively.

On October 14, the Braves would play their first game at the Aud. They played against the Cleveland Cavaliers and lost 107–92. The next day on October 15, the Sabres would play their first game at the Aud. They played against the Montreal Canadiens and lost 3–0.
On April 8, 1978, the Braves played their final game at the Aud. They would lose to the New York Knicks 118–107. On April 14, 1996, the Sabres played their final game at the Aud. They would defeat the Hartford Whalers 4–1 but missed the playoffs.

On September 21, 1996, the Marine Midland Arena was opened and replaced the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium as the home arena for the Sabres, Bandits and Blizzard. On June 30, 2009, an event called the "Farewell Buffalo Memorial Auditorium Ceremony" took place. The arena was demolished in 2009.

Prince of Lüneburg

The following is a list of all princes of Lüneburg during its time as an independent principality. 

The Principality of Lüneburg (), later also called "Celle", was a territory within the Holy Roman Empire that existed from 1269 to 1705,


William II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg

William II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (about 1300 – 1369) was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1330 to 1369.

Otto the Strict

Otto II, Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg (about 1266 – 10 April 1330), also known as Otto the Strict ("Otto der Strenge"), came from the House of Welf and was Prince of Lüneburg from 1277 to 1330.

Magnus Torquatus

Magnus (c. 1324 – 25 July 1373), called Magnus with the Necklace () or Magnus II, was Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, ruling the Brunswick-Lüneburg principalities of Wolfenbüttel (colloquially also called Brunswick) and, temporarily, Lüneburg.

Albert of Saxe-Wittenberg, Duke of Lüneburg

Albert of Saxe-Wittenberg (; died 28 June 1385 in Wittenberg) was born as the son of Otto (d. 30 March 1350), a younger son of the prince-elector Rudolf I of Saxe-Wittenberg, and his (Otto's) wife Elisabeth, daughter of Duke William II of Brunswick-Lüneburg. In 1370 he succeeded his (maternal) grandfather as the Duke or Prince of Lüneburg.

Wenceslas I, Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg

Wenceslas I, Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg ( – 15 May 1388, in Celle) was an Elector of Saxony and a Prince of Lüneburg. He was the son of Rudolf I and his 3rd wife, Agnes of Lindow-Ruppin.

Ventura Pons

Ventura Pons Sala (; 25 July 1945 – 8 January 2024) was a Spanish movie director. He mainly directed movies in Catalan but also in Spanish and English. Pons directed 32 feature movies. Pons was known for his documentary "Ocaña, an Intermittent Portrait" and his feature movies "Anita Takes a Chance" and "Food of Love". Pons was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Pons died on 8 January 2024 in Barcelona from problems caused by a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 78.

Chen Chien-jen

Chen Chien-jen (, born 6 June 1951) is a Taiwanese epidemiologist and politician. He has been the premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan) since 2023. He was the Vice President of Taiwan from 2016 to 2020. 

Vice President of the Republic of China

The vice president of the Republic of China, commonly referred to as the vice president of Taiwan, is the second-highest constitutional office of the Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan.

Provisional Government: 
Beiyang Government: 

Constitutional Government: 

Hsiao Bi-khim

Hsiao Bi-khim (; born Bi-khim Louise Hsiao; August 7, 1971) is a Taiwanese politician and diplomat who is the Vice President-elect of the Republic of China. She was a member of the Legislative Yuan from 2002 to 2008 and again between 2012 and 2020. Hsiao also was the Taiwanese representative to the United States from 2020 to 2023. 

In November 2023, the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) nominated her as the vice presidential candidate in the 2024 election.

She moved to the United States as a teenager and graduated from Montclair High School in Montclair, New Jersey.

Chiang Wan-an

Chiang Wan-an (; born 26 December 1978), also known as Wayne Chiang, is a Taiwanese politician who has served as the mayor of Taipei since December 2022. Chiang is the youngest person ever elected Mayor of Taipei.

Cynthia Wu

Cynthia Wu (; also Wu Hsin-ying; born 18 May 1978) is a Taiwanese business executive and politician. She worked for Merrill Lynch in the United Kingdom and the Shin Kong Group. She was appointed to the Legislative Yuan in 2022. 

She is the vice presidential nominee of the Taiwan People's Party in the 2024 election as Ko Wen-je's running mate.

Baalbek-Hermel Governorate

Baalbek-Hermel Governorate is a governorate of Lebanon. It is apart of the districts of Baalbek and Hermel. The current governor is Bashir Khodr. 

Aaron Tippin

Aaron Dupree Tippin (born July 3, 1958) is an American country music singer, songwriter and record producer.


Manchester Evening News

The Manchester Evening News is a daily newspaper in Greater Manchester. It started in 1868. It was owned by the Guardian Media Group from 1924 to 2010 when it was sold to Trinity Mirror plc, now called Reach plc. 

It is now principally online. The average print daily circulation for the first half of 2021 was 22,107. In the 2018 British Regional Press Awards, it was named Newspaper of the Year and Website of the Year.

"City Life" -- which started as an independent political and cultural magazine for the Manchester area -- was bought by GMG in 1989. In December 2007, "City Life" ceased independent publication, and became a 20-page supplement to the Friday issue of the "Manchester Evening News."

Tate McRae

Tate Rosner McRae (born July 1, 2003) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress. At the age of thirteen, she gained prominence as the first Canadian finalist on the American reality TV show "So You Think You Can Dance".

Her second EP, "Too Young to Be Sad" (2021) was the most streamed female EP of 2021 on Spotify. Her debut studio album, "I Used to Think I Could Fly", was released on May 27, 2022. The album was met with favorable critical response and debuted at number thirteen on the US "Billboard" 200, also reaching the top ten in various countries. Her 2023 single, "Greedy" achieved further success on the "Billboard" Hot 100—peaking at number three–and preceded the release of her second studio album, "Think Later" (2023), which debuted in the top 5 in several countries.


Manjot Singh

Manjot Singh (born 7 July 1992) is a Indian Bollywood actor, best known for his roles in films such as Lucky Oye! Lucky Oye!", Student Of The Year and Fukrey. He won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor for his role in Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!.

Tejas (movie)

Tejas is a 2023 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film written and directed by Sarvesh Mewara and produced by Ronnie Screwvala. The film stars Kangana Ranaut in the lead role, alongside Anshul Chauhan and Varun Mitra in supporting roles.

The film was released on 27 October 2023 to mostly negative reviews from critics. "Tejas" emerged as one of Hindi cinema's biggest box-office disaster within its first two days of release, with most theatrical screenings being cancelled on its opening day. It was subsequently released on streaming platform ZEE5 on 5 January 2024.


Cindy Morgan

Cindy Morgan (born Cynthia Ann Cichorski; September 29, 1954 – December 30, 2023) was an American actress. She is best known for playing Lora/Yori in "Tron" and Lacey Underall in "Caddyshack".


Kiran Rao

Kiran Rao (born 7 November 1973) is an Indian film producer, screenwriter, and director who works in Hindi cinema. In 2016, Rao co-founded Paani Foundation, a non-profit organisation working towards the mission of fighting drought in Maharashtra.

Gelon (settlement)

Gelon (, ) an urban-type settlement in Shakhrisabz district, Kashkadarya province, Republic of Uzbekistan. The kishlak was founded in 1305.

The climate is continental, dry, and in some places subtropical.

The population of the village is 5834 people (2019).


Timoshenko–Ehrenfest beam theory

Timoshenko beam theory, named after the Ukrainian-American engineer Stephen Timoshenko, is a classical engineering theory that describes the behavior of beams. It is an extension of Euler-Bernoulli beam theory, which assumes that the cross-sections of the beam remain perpendicular to the axis of deformation during bending. Timoshenko beam theory, on the other hand, takes into account the effects of shear deformation and rotational inertia.

Ivan the Terrible and His Son Ivan

Ivan the Terrible and His Son Ivan on 16 November 1581 is a painting by Russian realist artist Ilya Repin made between 1883 and 1885. It depicts the very sad Russian tsar Ivan the Terrible holding his dying son, the Tsarevich Ivan Ivanovich, shortly after the elder Ivan had hit his son's head in a fit of anger. The painting shows the anguish and remorse on the face of the elder Ivan and the gentleness of the dying Tsarevich, forgiving his father with his tears.

Recycle Bin

A recycling bin (or recycle bin) is a container that holds recyclables, such as glass, metal, paper or plastic before they are taken to recycling centers. Recycling bins usually have the recycling symbol to make them look different from normal trash cans. The color blue is also used often as well.

In computers, the Recycle Bin is a built-in application that comes with the Microsoft Windows operating system. It is used to store and bring back deleted files from the computer.

Vazgen Manasyan

Vazgen Ignatovich Manasyan (; 13 March 1958 – 9 January 2024) was a Tajikistani professional football coach and a player. He made one appearance for the Tajikistan national football team in 1992. 

Manasyan on 1 January 2024, at the age of 65.

Gabriel Attal

Gabriel Attal (; born 16 March 1989) is a French politician. He is a member of the Renaissance party (RE). In January 2024, he became the Prime Minister of France.

Attal was born in Clamart, France. He studied at Sciences Po and at University of Paris 2 Panthéon-Assas.

He was elected to the French National Assembly in June 2017. He soon became junior minister to the Minister of National Education and Youth in 2018. He later was the Government Spokesperson in 2020.

Attal then became Minister of Public Action and Accounts in 2022 and Minister of National Education and Youth in 2023.

On 9 January 2024, he was picked by President Emmanuel Macron to replace Élisabeth Borne as Prime Minister. At the age of 34, he became the youngest and first openly gay person to hold the office in France, and the youngest serving state leader in the world.

He has been seen as a possible candidate for President of France for the 2027 presidential election.

Attal is gay and lived in a civil union with Stéphane Séjourné, a member of the European Parliament. The relationship had ended by 2024.

Rashid Khan (musician)

Rashid Khan (1 July 1968 – 9 January 2024) was an Indian classical musician. His songs were about Hindustani tradition. He was called the "future of Indian vocal music". He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2006. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2022.

Khan died on 9 January 2024 at a hospital in Kolkata, India from prostate cancer, aged 55.

Frans Janssens

Frans Janssens (25 September 1945 – 8 January 2024) was a Belgian footballer. He was born in Turnhout, Belgium. During his career he played for K. Lierse S.K.. He made two appearances for the Belgium national football team from 1970 to 1972.

Janssens died on 8 January 2024, at the age of 78.

Christian Louis, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg

Christian Louis (; 25 February 1622 – 15 March 1665) was Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. A member of the House of Welf, from 1641 until 1648 he ruled the Principality of Calenberg, a subdivision of the duchy, and, from 1648 until his death, the Principality of Lüneburg.

John Frederick, Duke of Brunswick

John Frederick (; 25 April 1625 in Herzberg am Harz – 18 December 1679 in Augsburg) was duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. He ruled over the Principality of Calenberg, a subdivision of the duchy, from 1665 until his death.

Alexandre Kataoka

Alexandre Kataoka (Born september 17, 1978) is a Brazilian surgeon known for his work in Plastic Surgery. He was born in São Paulo. Kataoka runs a plastic surgery clinic in the state of São Paulo.

Kataoka studied at the Faculty of Medicine of Marília in Brazil. He became a specialist in surgery, especially in areas like trauma and plastic surgery. He worked in "Itacolomy Hospital" and other medical centres. Kataoka has been part of several medical events and conferences in Brazil.

In 2016, Kataoka received special recognition from the Brazilian Society of Plastic Surgery.

Philautus ingeri

The Inger's bubble-nest frog ("Philautus ingeri") is a frog. It lives in Borneo, in Myanmar and Brunei, and in Indonesia. It lives in mossy forests between 1300–1600 meters above sea level.

2019–20 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2019- 20 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 87th season in club history. They repeated the double (Championship and Cup) from the last season. In the UEFA Champions League group they finished 3rd and played on in the UEFA Europa League. In the Round of 32 they were knocked out by Eintracht Frankfurt.

Thietmar of Minden

Saint Thietmar ("Dietmar, Thiemo") of Minden was bishop of Minden from 1185 or 1186 until his death in 1206. According to tradition, Thietmar was from Bavaria.

Malaysian ringgit

The Malaysian Ringgit symbol: RM; currency code: MYR; Malay name: Ringgit Malaysia; Chinese name: 令吉; (formerly the Malaysian dollar) is the currency of Malaysia. As of 2024, the inflation rate of the Ringgit is around 3.5%-4%.

Raja Chawarsen

Raja Chawarsen was an Ahirwar king of the Chawar Dynasty. He belonged to the Suryavansh. Some historians claim that there was a Chanwar dynasty in India. It is believed that this dynasty belonged to Suryavanshi Kshatriya clan. Chanvravati city in Gujarat was the capital of this dynasty.

Chanvarsen used to rule there. He had many sons, including Kamalsen, Brahmasen, and Ratisen. After defeating the Sultan of Ghazni, Bappa Rawal allegedly became the chieftain of the Chanwar dynasty. This dynasty was described in "History of Rajasthan" by Colonel Tad Sir.

In that period, this dynasty ruled in the western part of India. The royal family had matrimonial relations with the Bappa Rawal dynasty. Rana Sanga and his wife Jhali Rani followed Saint Raidasji as their guru and gave him the title of Rajguru of their Mewar.

Chawar Dynasty

The Chawar Dynasty(Chamar Dynasty) was an Indian dynasty that ruled the western part of India and surrounding areas in west- north India between 6th Century A.D. to 12th Century A.D. They belonged to the Chawar clan of the Rajputs.

Raja chawarsen was Ahirwar king of the dynasty.

Blue Eyes Blue

"Blue Eyes Blue" is a 1999 song by Eric Clapton and was taken from the soundtrack to the 1999 movie "Runaway Bride". It was the leading single to his 2000 compilation album "". It went to number 94 in the United Kingdom and charted the highest in Spain where it peaked at number 3.

Streptospondylus

Streptospondylus is a genus of megalosaurids. It lived in the Jurassic period in what is now France. It lived around 164.7/155.7 million years ago. This carnivore grew to lengths of 18.7 ft (5.7 meters) long, with a weight of about 1,102 IB (500 KG).

The first bones of this animal were found in 1778, but its significance was not realised until well into the 19th century. Then it was sent to Georges Cuvier, who slightly mis-identified it as crocodilian. The remains were from two different creatures. Eventually, the theropod remains were named "Streptospondylus altdorfensis".

Fajr-5

The Fajr-5 (, "Dawn") is an Iranian rocket launcher for long range rockets. The Fajr-5 was developed during the 1990's and has been sent to many militant groups in the Middle East. The Fajr 5 rocket has a variant with GPS called the Fajr 5C but most Fajr 5 rockets do not have GPS to hit targets with 100% accuracy. The Fajr 5 is mainly used by the Iranian Army Ground Force to attack targets such as airfields and military bases. The Fajr 5 is also used to target Israel by some members of the Axis of Resistance which are Hamas, Hezbollah, Syria and Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ).

Middle East Media Research Institute

The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), is a non-profit company founded by former Israeli spy officer Yigal Carmon and Israeli-American political analyst Meyrav Wurmser in the year 1997. The company distributes media reports that have been translated into English from Arabic. The company is criticized for supporting Israel while saying they are not related to any political party or any government. They also say that the goal of MEMRI is to spread disinformation and hatred against Muslims and Arabs by focusing on radical Islamists and ignoring non extremists.

Palestinian Media Watch

Palestinian Media Watch (sometimes shortened to PMW or Palwatch ) is an Israeli non profit organization and investigative group. The group was founded by Itamar Marcus and it documents urging of violence against Israel in Palestinian media. The organization says it is an Israeli research institute that looks at Palestinian society from many different perspectives by watching over the Palestinian Authority using it's media and schoolbooks.

Swing When You're Winning

Swing When You're Winning is a covers album and fourth overall by Robbie Williams. It was released on 19 November, 2001 through Capitol Records. It topped the album charts in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Ireland, Iceland and Norway and contains songs from the Rat Pack.

All tracks produced by Guy Chambers; except "Somethin' Stupid" and "Things" produced by Chambers and Steve Power.

Notes



Here I Am Again (song)

"Here I Am Again" is a 1972 song by country singer Loretta Lynn and written by Shel Silverstein. It is the title track to her 21st studio album "Here I Am Again" and went to number 3 on both the United States and Canadian country charts.

7" vinyl single

Revolution of the King and the People

The Revolution of the King and the People was a Moroccan anti-colonial movement aimed at ending French and Spanish Protectorate. It was led by Sultan Muhammad V and the Moroccan Nationalist Movement. After the Sultan was exiled, the resistance became more aggressive. Finally, negotiations between France and Morocco resulted in Morocco's independence in 1956. However, the coalition between the Sultan and the Nationalist Movement crumbled post-independence. The Revolution of the King and the People is celebrated yearly in Morocco.

Auramine O

Auramine O is a synthetic fluorescent dye widely used in the field of microbiology, particularly for the detection of acid-fast bacteria. Developed as part of the Ziehl-Neelsen staining method, this dye plays a role in the identification and diagnosis of infectious diseases caused by microorganisms with resistant cell walls, such as Mycobacterium tuberculosis.

William X, Duke of Aquitaine

William X (1099 – 9 April 1137), called the Saint, was Duke of Aquitaine from 1126 to 1137. He was the father of Eleanor of Aquitaine.

Philautus tectus

The Gunung Mulu bubble-nest frog or obscure bush frog ("Philautus tectus") is a frog. It lives in Borneo in Brunei and Sarawak and Sabah in Myanmar. Scientists saw it in forests about 500. Scientists think it might also live in Indonesia.

Lethal Company

Lethal Company is a cooperative survival horror video game made by Zeekerss. It was released for PC on Steam on October 23rd, 2023. 

Players must look for scrap and trash on moons, while trying to stay safe from traps, monsters, and other dangers. They are employees working for "The Company" and must reach a set quota, or profit goal, by selling the things found on moons. They have 3 days to complete their goal, which becomes higher after every time a goal is reached.

"Lethal Company" is a cooperative video game for as many as four players played in a first-person perspective. Players can talk to each other using their microphones, as well as by typing. They must collect as much scrap and trash as possible on different moons. Every moon has one building with random rooms inside, which is where they find the scrap and trash they need. While exploring these buildings, players may encounter traps and monsters inside. They must avoid these dangers while collecting things, and then go to the spaceship safely before it flies away at midnight. Things found on the moons can be sold on the Company moon to get company credits, which is a type of money that can be used in the Company store. Players can use their credits to buy tools that can help them stay safe on dangerous moons. They must get a set number of credits every 3 days. After those 3 days, the goal gets bigger, and players must get more things to sell. If the goal is not reached, they are sent into space and killed.

Players may use a computer on the ship to buy things with credits and watch other players on a screen. While watching players, someone on the ship may type codes to open locked metal doors and turn off things such as turrets and land mines. 

The game has 8 moons for players to go on, including the Company moon where players sell items. Every moon has a different danger level which tells players how many monsters and traps they may see. More danger on a moon also means more items found on it. Some moons may have dangerous weather conditions that make it harder for players to collect items.

"Lethal Company" has received good reviews. It was on Steam's Global Top Seller list in November 2023. Some people have compared it to "Phasmophobia".

Ultrakill

Ultrakill (styled as ULTRAKILL) is a First-person shooter video game in-development, developed by Arsi "Hakita" Patala and published by New Blood Interactive. The game was released on Steam on September 3, 2020 as early access. The game uses movement and style of old first-person shooters, such as Quake or Doom, and other doom clones.

The gameplay is based on Dante's Inferno with the nine circles of hell. In which the game is divided into a prelude and 3 acts. Each layer in an act has a boss at the end of that layer. The Antagonist of the game is Archangel Gabriel, which is the final boss of both Act 1 and 2. 
The player plays as a war machine called V1, as they move down into hell, they collect more weapons and more tools. 

Igbudu Market

Igbudu Market is a local street market along Warri Sapele Road, Warri, Delta State, Nigeria. It is the biggest market in Delta State, Nigeria.
One of the streets in Igbudu Market is called Hausa Quarters.

Igbudu Market was named after Igbudu Community of the Agbassa Kingdom.
The market started its operations after the Nigerian Civil War was fought in Nigeria and emerged as "one of the most important Warri markets in Delta State", because they sell and buy food in large quantities (both retail and wholesale), including grocery sales and purchases, as well as cosmetics and beauty products.
The market has been described as "the economic backbone of Warri".

Igbudu Market is also known for its marketplace preaching. According to Isaiah Ogedegbe, "The preachers are in all corners of the marketplace, with the very religious women singing and dancing with them".

Igbudu Market had experienced two separate fire incidents resulting in the loss of goods worth millions of naira, within the space of one month in July 2020, and also in August 2020.

In May 2023, another fire incident happened at Igbudu Market, and one of the victims of that fire incident was reported to have fainted upon seeing the level of damage done to the victim's shop.
The fire incident not only saw sympathy from the Delta State Government, but also got help from the Federal Government through the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA).
About 30 victims of the fire incident were reported to have received some building materials and foodstuff items from the Federal Government.
On 30 March 2020, two days ahead of Ifeanyi Okowa's total lockdown of every market in Delta State, the Warri South Council Chairman Dr. Michael Tidi was reported to have shut down Igbudu Market in a bid "to control the spread of the dreaded coronavirus".

However, Tidi's closure of the market was seen as having "ethnic undertone", an allegation that he strongly denied.
Tidi said that the reason why he shut down the market two days earlier, was because the people did not comply with the Government's advice on social distancing.
Igbudu Market is considered as a multicultural market, where people of every tribe is represented from the Urhobos, the Isokos, the Ijaws, the Itsekiris, the Fulanis and the Hausas. As they trade together, the Nigerian Pidgin English is mostly used by them so as "to understand each other".
Igbudu Market is under the control of the Warri South Local Government. The market operates every day of the year, except it is complying with Government's orders or for traditional reasons.
It daily attracts a large crowd of customers from every nook and cranny of Delta State and, according to Isaiah Ogedegbe, "The struggle through the crowd as well as the noise add to the fun". There is usually a great boost in trading activities in the market on every Saturday, "as it is one of the busiest days due to the rush for 'second-hand' clothings locally known as 'gbogbo'."
It is one of the markets in the country that is "well known for the sale of the fairly used items", also locally known as 'okrika', 'tokunbo' or 'bend down select'.

V (programming language)

V, also known as vlang, is a compiled programming language created to be easier for using, reading, maintaining, and making safer programs. It was created by Alexander Medvednikov in 2019.

V is also general-purpose, which means that it can be used for different purposes, to include creating different kinds of applications that can be cross-platform. V applications can be created to run on many different operating systems. The language also has various rules and features for greater program safety. 

Users don't have to care about managing memory themselves, unless they want to, because V gives different options. Users can use a garbage-collector (GC), which is 1 of 4 other choices. Advanced users can choose to turn the GC off and manage memory themselves, using the other options from V. 

V works well with C. Functions in C can be called for use in V. It can translate C code into V. Code in V can also be compiled to human readable C, JavaScript, and other languages.

Here is a hello world program in V.

println("Hello world!")
Here is an example of using a variable:
a := 1 // value can not be changed
mut b := 2 // value can be changed
b = 3
Here is an example of using `if`, `else if` and `else` conditionals in V. 
// Define entry point.
fn main() {

Here are examples of how to use the for loop in V.

// Define entry point.
fn main() {



Coby Electronics Corporation

Coby Electronics Corporation was an American manufacturer of consumer electronics products. It was headquartered in Lake Success, New York. It was founded in 1990. It closed in June 2013 due to financial trouble.

Cactus Cooler

Cactus Cooler is an orange–pineapple flavored soft drink. It is sold primarily in Southern California and the surrounding Southwestern United States. Distinguished by its orange, yellow, and green label with saguaro cacti, the soda is part of Keurig Dr Pepper and was previously distributed under the Canada Dry brand.

Tab (drink)

Tab was a diet cola soft drink produced and distributed by The Coca-Cola Company. It was introduced in 1963 . In October 2020 Coca-Cola announced that it was discontinuing Tab.

Bonefish Grill

Bonefish Grill is an American casual dining seafood restaurant chain. It is owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, headquartered in Tampa, Florida. It was founded on January 15, 2000, in St. Petersburg, Florida, by Tim Curci and Chris Parker.

Carrabba's Italian Grill

Carrabba's Italian Grill is an American restaurant chain featuring Italian-American cuisine. It is owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, and headquartered in Tampa, Florida. It was founded on December 26, 1986, by John Charles "Johnny" Carrabba III and his uncle Damian Mandola.

Nicola Jupp

Nicola Jupp (born 26 October 1975) is a British rugby union player. 

She competed in heptathlon .

She competed at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup winning silver medal. and 2003 Women's Six Nations.

She played for Richmond RFC.


Alejandra Lajous

Alejandra Lajous Vargas (18 August 1948 Mexico City - 11 March 2023)  was a Mexican historian and public official . From 1982 to 1988, she served as Chronicler of the Presidency of the Republic during the six-year term of President Miguel de la Madrid.  

She was general director of Canal Once , between 1991 and 2000. She was the author of history books, contemporary political chronicles, and producer of television programs ( "Primer Plano" and "Entre tres" ).

She was a teacher in history from the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). From 1974 to 1976 she participated in the "History of the Mexican Revolution" program , coordinated by El Colegio de México (Colmex), and from 1976 to 1984 she was a researcher at the Institute of Historical Research of the UNAM.

In 1982, when she was appointed Chronicler of the Presidency of the Republic. She created the Documentation Center, From 1982 to 1988 the records of the government of Miguel de la Madrid, was delivered to the General Archive of the Nation.

From 1991 to 2000, she directed Canal Once which grew into an internationally recognized public television station:


Friday After Next

Friday After Next is a 2002 American stoner comedy film directed by Marcus Raboy and starring Ice Cube (who also wrote the film), Mike Epps (in a dual role), John Witherspoon, Don "D.C." Curry, Anna Maria Horsford, and Clifton Powell.


Roger Miller

Roger Dean Miller Sr. (January 2, 1936 – October 25, 1992) was an American singer and songwriter. 

He was widely known for his honky-tonk-influenced novelty songs and his chart-topping country hits "King of the Road", "Dang Me", and "England Swings". He grew up in Oklahoma and served in the United States Army. He got to be a songwriter around 1959, and wrote hits like Billy Bayou and Home for Jim Reeves, and Invitation to the Blues for Ray Price. He recorded songs in the mid 1960's, and continued to record and tour into the 1990s. He charted his final top country hit Old Friends with Ray and Willie Nelson in 1982. He wrote the music and lyrics for the Tony Award winning musical Big River, in which he acted. On Sunday, October 25th, 1992, Roger died from lung cancer. His songs were Tall, Tall Trees by Allan Jackson and Husband and Wives, from Brooks and Dunn, as set in the 1990s. The Roger Miller Museum, which is now closed, in his hometown of Erick, Oklahoma, was a tribute to this man.

Awolnation

Awolnation is an American rock band from Los Angeles, formed and fronted by Aaron Bruno, formerly of Under the Influence of Giants, Home Town Hero, and Insurgence. They were formed in 2009. 

Fleming's Prime Steakhouse &amp; Wine Bar

Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar is an American steakhouse restaurant chain. It is owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, headquartered in Tampa, Florida. It was founded in 1998.

West family

The West family are an American family. The family members hold varying degrees of power, wealth and status in various fields of works.

Ale-8-One

Ale-8-One is a regional ginger- and citrus-flavored soft drink. It is distributed primarily to brick and mortar retailers in Kentucky. It is a ginger and citrus blend, containing less carbonation and fewer calories than conventional soda.

Capital Centre

The Capital Centre was a multi-use stadium located in Landover, Maryland. The arena used to serve as the home for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Capital/Washington Bullets/Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Georgetown Hoyas, the Washington/Maryland Commandos of the Arena Football League (AFL), the Washington Wave of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League (MILL), the Washington Warthogs of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL), and the Washington Power of the National Lacrosse League (NLL).

The arena first started to be built on August 24, 1972. Construction for the building cost $16 million. A week before it opened, the arena had failed an inspection by the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission and Bullets owner Abe Pollin had to get parts for the sewage treatment plant for the arena from Syracuse, New York and Thomasville, Georgia. The arena would be opened on December 2, 1973.

On December 2, 1973, the first event took place. The then-Capital Bullets defeated the Seattle SuperSonics 98–96 in front of a sellout crowd of 19,035 in attendance. The Washington Capitals would join the National Hockey League (NHL) as an expansion team the next year. On October 15, 1974, the Capitals would play their first game at the Capital Centre. They would tie the Los Angeles Kings 1–1.

Both the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held shows at the arena. The WWF would host their Survivor Series in 1995.

On November 26, 1997, the Capitals played their final game at the arena. They would be defeated by the Montreal Canadiens 6–5. On November 29, 1997, the now-Washington Wizards played their final game at the arena. They would lose to the Chicago Bulls 103–93.

On December 2, 1997, the MCI Center was opened and replaced the Capital Centre as the home arena for the Wizards, Capitals and Hoyas. On December 15, 2002, the Capital Centre was demolished in an implosion. A shopping mall called the The Boulevard at the Capital Centre sits on the former lot.

Engage Kill

Engage Kill is based on anime series of the SQUARE ENIX, This game was released in the iOS and Android on 1 March 2023, This game has shut down on 21 March 2024.


COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas

The COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas began affecting the U.S. State on Saturday, March 7, 2020. COVID-19 continues affecting the U.S. State of Kansas as of January 2024.

The first case was reported on Saturday, March 7, 2020 in Johnson County. This was a woman under age 50 who had traveled into the Northeastern United States. Almost five days afterward on March 12, three other cases were reported also in Johnson County.

Also on Thursday, March 12, 2020 Governor Laura Kelly declared states of emergency. And at these same times a male in his seventies was the first COVID-19 death. He died in Wyandotte County due to heart conditions then tested positive following that. On Friday, March 13 a Wichita man tested positive for COVID-19. He was in his seventies. He was later released then recovered.

On March 24 stay-at-home orders were sent into effect for the State of Kansas starting with Wyandotte and Johnson Counties.

As of 2024 estimates of how many people died from COVID-19 in Kansas are between 10,200 and 12,000.

Delfia Cortez

Delfia Cortez (Los Santos, January 21, 1963-Panama City January 10, 2024), was a Panamanian journalist and politician.

Cortez was a correspondent for Telemetro Reporta in the province of Colón for many years. She worked at Acción 100% Noticias and Marbella Stereo 104.3FM. She was the mother of Víctor De Jesús Castillo. She died on January 10, 2024 at the age of 60, from a stroke.

Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit

Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit (18 August 1900 – 1 December 1990) was an freedom fighter, diplomat and politician. She also served as the 8th President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1953 to 1954. Pandit was also appointed as the 3rd Governor of Maharashtra from 1962 to 1964.

Chicago Coliseum

The Chicago Coliseum was the name of three different multi-use stadiums located in Chicago, Illinois. The three stadiums each stood at different times in Chicago's history from the 1860s to 1982.

The first Coliseum was opened sometime in the late 1860s. It was located in Downtown Chicago.

The second Coliseum was started in 1895. During construction, workers had to restart their building after a structure collapsed and ruined the site. There were no fatalities. It was located in the Woodlawn neighborhood. The Democratic Party would host their National Convention here in 1896. They would nominate William Jennings Bryan to be their presidential nominee. Bryan would deliver his famous Cross of Gold speech to the crowd. On December 24, 1897, the building was completely destroyed by a fire. A YMCA stands on the property now.

The third Chicago Coliseum was built in 1899 on the site of the old Libby Prison. The arena was a popular place for music and vaudeville acts.

During the Coliseum's lifetime, it was the host for many conventions for both the Republican and Progressive Partys. The Republicans would host an event in 1904, 1908, 1912, 1916, and 1920. The Progressives would host in 1912.

In 1926, the Chicago Black Hawks would be created as an Original Six team in the National Hockey League (NHL). On November 17, 1926, the Black Hawks would defeat the Toronto St. Pats 4–1 in their first game.

On July 2, 1928, local sports promoter Paddy Harmon broke ground on a new stadium to replace the Chicago Coliseum. Chicago Stadium would open on March 28, 1929 and would replace the Coliseum as the home arena for the Black Hawks.

In 1961, Chicago was awarded an expansion team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They would be called the Chicago Packers before changing their name to the Chicago Zephyrs the next year. The Zephyrs would play their home games at the Chicago Coliseum since the Chicago Majors of the rival league American Basketball League (ABL) played at Chicago Stadium. The team would only last one season before moving to Baltimore, Maryland to become the Baltimore Bullets. On March 16, 1963, The Zephyrs played their last game at the Coliseum, losing to the Cincinnati Royals 126–117.

With no major sports tenants, the arena would host musical artists for the rest of its lifetime until it was shut down for fire code violations on March 13, 1971. The building would eventually be demolished in 1982.

Going Down Slow

"Goin' Down Slow" or "Going Down Slow" is a 1941 blues song by St. Louis Jimmy Oden. It is considered to be a blues standard. It has been covered by Howlin' Wolf, Bobby Bland, B.B. King and Eric Clapton.

El Cajon, California

El Cajon is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Imperial Beach, California

Imperial Beach is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Lemon Grove, California

Lemon Grove is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Solana Beach, California

Solana Beach is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Pismo Beach, California

Pismo Beach is a city in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.

Goleta, California

Goleta is a city in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Guadalupe, California

Guadalupe is a city in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Monte Sereno, California

Monte Sereno is a city in Santa Clara County, California, United States.

Capitola, California

Capitola is a city in Santa Cruz County, California, United States.

Scotts Valley, California

Scotts Valley is a city in Santa Cruz County, California, United States.

Loyalton, California

Loyalton is a city in Sierra County, California, United States.

Dorris, California

Dorris is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Dunsmuir, California

Dunsmuir is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Fort Jones, California

Fort Jones is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Mount Shasta, California

Mount Shasta is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Tulelake, California

Tulelake is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Weed, California

Weed is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Rio Vista, California

Rio Vista is a city in Solano County, California, United States.

Assassins (1995 movie)

Assassins is a 1995 American French action movie directed by Richard Donner and starring Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Julianne Moore, Muse Waston, Steve Kahan, Kai Wulff, Toby Huss. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office disappointment.


Suisun City, California

Suisun City is a city in Solano County, California, United States.

Cloverdale, California

Cloverdale is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Cotati, California

Cotati is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Healdsburg, California

Healdsburg is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Hughson, California

Hughson is a city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.

Newman, California

Newman is a city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.

Waterford, California

Waterford is a city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.

Live Oak, Sutter County, California

Live Oak is a city in Sutter County, California, United States.

Corning, California

Corning is a city in Tehama County, California, United States.

Tehama, California

Tehama is a city in Tehama County, California, United States.

Dinuba, California

Dinuba is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

Farmersville, California

Farmersville is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

Lindsay, California

Lindsay is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

Woodlake, California

Woodlake is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

West Sacramento, California

West Sacramento is a city in Yolo County, California, United States.

Winters, California

Winters is a city in Yolo County, California, United States.

Matthew Pottinger

Matthew Forbes Pottinger (born 1973) is an American former journalist and U.S. Marine Corps officer who served as the United States deputy national security advisor from September 22, 2019 to January 7, 2021.

Bet365

Bet365 is a British gambling company founded in 2000. It offer sports betting, online casino, online poker, and online bingo. The business operations is run from its office in Stoke-on-Trent. There is a satellite office in Malta. It was founded by Denise Coates, who is the majority shareholder and joint-chief executive, alongside her brother John Coates. She pays tax in the UK on her salary and dividends. John owns about a quarter of its shares. Her two sisters — Moira and Siobhan — each own 5% of the business. Her husband, Richard, also works for the company. More than 7000 people work for the company. They must live within 30 miles of Stoke. It is the largest private employer in Stoke. It has expanded into North America. It has been very profitable since 2008. It is investing a lot of money into the expansion into America. Ray Winstone was in their advertising. A lot of their business is in grey markets, like China, where gambling is not allowed.

Denise Coates is an economics graduate from the University of Sheffield. She has been paid about about £2.5 billion since 2008. She was paid a salary of £220.70 million in the year to 26 March 2023. This was more than a quarter of the company’s wage and benefit costs for staff. She also gets at least 50% of the £100 million dividend. She was the highest paid executive in the UK in 2017 with a salary of £217 million. She set up The Denise Coates Foundation, a registered charity. It has made multimillion-pound donations to the local hospital, Douglas Macmillan Hospice, Keele university and theatre projects. 

The Coates family is ranked as the 16th richest in the UK with an estimated £8.8 billion fortune, according to the Sunday Times rich list. It ran the Provincial Racing chain of nearly 50 betting shops. Peter Coates, Denise's father, has set up a separate foundation. He was also the chairman of Stoke City F.C. The company has sponsored the club. They play in what is now called the Bet365 Stadium.

Abdullah Snobar

Abdullah Snobar is the CEO of DMZ Ventures and executive director of DMZ.

Snobar completed his MBA and Bachelor of Commerce from the Toronto Metropolitan University. In 2012, Snobar founded Supa Maasai Foundation which is a non-profit organization in Kenya.

Snobar was appointed as the Executive Director of DMZ in 2015 and is responsible for the strategic direction and continued growth of DMZ. Under his leadership as Executive Director, DMZ was named a top university-based incubator by UBI Global. It was awarded Canada's most admired corporate culture by Waterstone Human Capital. Snobar also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of DMZ Ventures headquartered in Toronto, Canada, the for-profit investment entity established and owned by Toronto Metropolitan University.

Snobar has been criticized on occasion for his handling of workplace issues, and conflict avoidance. Critics have described Snobar as having a “pretentious attitude, leading to high turnover at DMZ”.

In 2018, Snobar was named one of the Canada's Top 40 Under 40, an award program that identifies outstanding young achievers in Canadian Business, Visionaries and innovators changing the way things are done. 

The Boxtrolls

The Boxtrolls is a 2014 American stop-motion animated fantasy comedy film


An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher.

South Africa v. Israel (Genocide Convention)

South Africa v. Israel is a lawsuit filed by Republic of South Africa against Israel at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague, Netherlands on 29 December 2023. The lawsuit asks the court in principle to provide Provisional measure of protection for the Palestinians who are going through a Genocide.

The Foreign Ministry of Israel said through diplomatic channels that a ruling against Israel "could have significant potential implications not only in the legal realm but also in practical, bilateral, economic, and security-related aspects."

On December 29, 2023, legal actions began at the International Court of Justice on the basis of Genocide Convention. Both Israel and South Africa had agreed to this convention. The proceedings were started under Article IX of the convention.

The two day hearing of South Africa's case against Israel happened on 11 and 12 January 2024 in which South Africa spoke and gave evidence of its claims on 11 January while Israel justified or tried to prove South Africa's claims as 'baseless' on 12 January.

The legal submission submitted by South Africa accuses Israel of genocidal actions with clear intent, including mass killings, destruction of homes, expulsion, and displacement of Palestinians in Gaza Strip. The blockade on essential resources like food, water, and medical aid is also highlighted as contributing to the alleged genocidal intent. South Africa also stated that statements made by Israeli officials, such as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, are evidence of Israel's genocidal intent.
On 26 January 2024, the International Court of Justice said that South Africa's claims seem possible, and the court will look into the issue. The court decided for now that the proof South Africa gave was enough to show there might be a risk to some of the rights that South Africa is trying to protect. But, the court also said it didn't decide yet whether Israel had broken the Geneva convention.

The court stated, in paragraphs 30 and 54 of the ruling, as follows:

30. ... In the Court’s view, at least some of the acts and omissions alleged by South Africa to have been committed by Israel in Gaza appear to be capable of falling within the provisions of the Convention.<br>
54. In the Court’s view, the facts and circumstances mentioned above are sufficient to conclude that at least some of the rights claimed by South Africa and for which it is seeking protection are plausible. This is the case with respect to the right of the Palestinians in Gaza to be protected from acts of genocide and related prohibited acts identified in Article III, and the right of South Africa to seek Israel’s compliance with the latter’s obligations under the Convention.



Jerome Robbins

Jerome Robbins (born Jerome Wilson Rabinowitz; October 11, 1918 – July 29, 1998) was an American dancer, choreographer, film director, theatre director and producer who worked in classical ballet, on stage, film, and television.

He made many stage plays, like "On the Town", "Peter Pan", "High Button Shoes", "The King and I", "The Pajama Game", "Bells Are Ringing", "West Side Story", "Gypsy", and "Fiddler on the Roof". Robbins was a five-time Tony Award-winner and recieved the Kennedy Center Honors. He received two Academy Awards, including the 1961 Academy Award for Best Director with Robert Wise for "West Side Story" and a special Academy Honorary Award for his choreographic goals on film.

Jimmy Crystal

Jimmy Crystal is the main antagonist of Illuminations Sing 2. He lives in the fictional city of Redshore City. He is the villian of sing 2.

He has a black suit with a tie. He also has ironed pants, too. He is also very short-tempered, and angry. he has a daughter named Porsha ,who in the end of the movie, goes with Mr. Moon and his crew.
Seizure of the St Nikolas

On January 11, 2024, four to five members of the Iranian Navy boarded and took control of the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-controlled & Greek-operated civilian oil tanker "MV St Nikolas". The course of the oil tanker was altered towards the coast of Iran after the capture. The oil tanker at the time was reported to have been carrying 145,000 tonnes of crude oil from Iraq to Turkey. The St Nikolas had a crew of 18 Filipinos and one Greek national.

The St. Nikolas ship, previously named the Suez Rajan was a Greek managed ship, seized by the United States in April 2023. USA claimed that the ship had violated its sanctions by loading and trying to transport Iranian oil to China. The Iranian oil was then taken and sold by USA after it was unloaded in August 2023.


Crab Game

Crab Game is a free video game made and published by Daniel Sooman, also called the alias Dani. The game was released for Windows on the 29th of October 2021 and on the 16th of November 2021, the Linux and MacOS versions of the game were released. The game is based off of the Netflix TV show "Squid Game", where players compete in challenges to be the last one alive to get a prize. The game was named by the developer Crab Game so that he would not receive a cease and desist letter at his house from Netflix.

Saint Romanos

Saint Romanos ( late 5th century after AD 555) was a Byzantine saint active as a poet, hymnwriter, melodist, and composer. He is considered a central figure in the history of Byzantine music. Nicknamed and called "the Pindar of rhythmic poetry" he flourished in the 6th century, though all his works were published posthumously, and most of his fame was gained posthumously, too. He was also the foremost Kontakion composer of his time.

Philautus kerangae

The Kerangas bubble-nest frog ("Philautus kerangae") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it as high as 1200 meters above sea level in northern Sarawak, 200 meters above sea level in southeastern Sarawak, and 790 meters above sea level in Sumatra.

Pusha T

Terrence LeVarr Thornton (born May 13, 1977), his stage name being Pusha T, is an American rapper and songwriter. He became famous as one-half of the Virginia-based hip hop duo Clipse, which was mainly active from 1994 to 2010, alongside his older brother No Malice. As Clipse, the two released three studio albums when he signed to Pharrell's Star Trak Entertainment. Clipse became best known for their 2002 first single "Grindin'".

Mom and Dad Save the World

Mom and Dad Save the World is a 1992 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Greg Beeman and starring Teri Garr, Jeffrey Jones, Jon Lovitz, Thalmus Rasulala, Wallace Shawn, Eric Idle. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office bomb.


Ridin' Solo

"Ridin' Solo" is a 2010 song by Jason Derulo. It is the third single from his self-titled debut studio album. The song samples the 1997 song "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by the Verve. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Australia, Belgium and Ireland, number 9 in the United States, number 12 in New Zealand, number 19 in Canada and number 24 in Germany.





Trump fake electors plot

The Trump fake electors plot was a political scheme made by then President Donald Trump who did not win the 2020 United States presidential election. His allies in seven states wanted to create and submit fake certificates of ascertainment that wrongly claimed Trump had won the electoral college vote in those states. 

The plan of the scheme was to pass the fake certificates and send to Washington, D.C. to pressure then Vice President Mike Pence in the hope he would count them as votes other than the real certificates to overturn Joe Biden's victory. 

This plot was made by Trump's attorney John Eastman. Eastman claimed the vice president has the power to change the electoral votes in the certification process and change the outcome of the the winner of the presidential race. 

By 2023, many people in several states had been sent to jail or forced to pay fines for their alleged involvement, with other investigations underway.

12 January 2024 missile strikes against Yemen

On the morning of 12 January 2024, the United States and United Kingdom attacked the Houthis in Yemen. They did this because of Ansar Allah (Houthi) attacks on international trade ships that are to Israel since the 19th of November 2023 as well as attacks on American navy and British navy ships, which Houthis say are because of the Israeli war on Gaza. The UK Cabinet came together and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak allowed the strikes to happen. 

The strikes began about 2:30am Yemen time (11:30pm UTC). American fighter jets carrying precision-guided bombs were deployed from bases in the region and from the USS "Dwight D. Eisenhower" aircraft carrier. Surface ships and the USS "Florida" submarine launched Tomahawk cruise missiles. The BBC reported four Royal Air Force Typhoon jets deployed from the RAF Akrotiri airbase in Cyprus participated in the strike. The U.S. Air Forces Central announced that U.S. and coalition forces had used over 100 munitions to strike more than 60 targets at 16 locations.

The U.K. Defence Ministry announced that it had targeted two sites. The first site, located at Bani in northwestern Yemen, was used to launch reconnaissance and attack drones. The second site was the Abbs airfield, which, according to the MoD, had been utilized for launching both cruise missiles and drones over the Red Sea.

Explosions were reported in Sanaa, Hodeidah and Dhamar. The targets included logistics centres, air defense systems and weapons storage sites. According to a Houthi-run news channel, Hodeida International Airport, Taiz International Airport, the al-Dailami Air Base north of Sanaa, an airport near Hajjah and a camp east of Saada were hit.


Noto Peninsula

The Noto Peninsula (能登半島, "Noto-hantō") is a peninsula that lies north into the Sea of Japan from the coast of Ishikawa Prefecture in central Honshū, the main island of Japan. The name comes from Ainu 'cape' or 'big cape'.

2024 Papua New Guinean unrest

The 2024 Papua New Guinean unrest started on 10 January 2024 in Papua New Guinea's capital Port Moresby, later spreading to Lae. It was caused by Prime Minister James Marape's tax deduction announcement which was later fixed. The riots had arson, looting and civil unrests. At least 16 people were killed. Marape later declared a state of emergency for 14 days and suspended the country's police chief and top officials in the finance and treasury ministries.

2024 Ecuadorian conflict

On 9 January 2024, an armed conflict broke out in Ecuador surrounding the country's government against several organized crime groups and drug traffickers. Several people have been killed in armed attacks while reports of businesses and vehicles being vandalized and burned have been reported. Several police officers and prison guards were also kidnapped.

On 9 January 2024, organized crime groups in Ecuador issued threats of "war", prompting the country's president to declare a state of armed internal conflict.
On the same day, gunmen entered a television studio in Guayaquil, where they took journalists hostage during a live newscast.

Reports of armed attacks throughout Guayaquil were reported, mainly in prisons, markets, roads, and universities. The large-scale attacks were a combination of responses to the escape of Los Choneros leader José Adolfo Macías Villamar in Guayaquil, and President Daniel Noboa declaring a state of emergency and then an internal state of war.

Explosions were also reported across the country, particularly in Guayaquil, Cuenca, Machala, and Loja, as well as in Esmeraldas and Los Rios Provinces.

Banks, markets, and shops were closed throughout the country in cities such as Quito and Guayaquil to protect merchants and customers from armed attacks.

On 11 January, two people were killed and nine others were injured in an arson attack on a nightclub in Coca.

On 13 January, the government announced that all 178 prison guards and other employees held hostage in prisons across the country since that start of the unrest by the gangs had been freed.

President Daniel Noboa said that the country was having an "internal armed conflict" and ordered the military to carry out operations to stop armed groups.

Since 2018, Ecuador has seen an increase in wave of violence as the country has become a critical cocaine transit point, and organized crime groups compete for control of drug routes and prisons. Hundreds of prison inmates have been killed in prison fights.

According to "The Washington Post", intelligence analysts said that the attacks may have been caused by a recent investigation into links between drug traffickers, criminal gangs, and political operators. The operation, known as Metastasis, led to the arrests of at least 20 top security officials and judges in December 2023.

Adan Canto

Adan Canto (5 December 1981 – 8 January 2024) was a Mexican actor. He played Sunspot in the 2014 superhero movie "", Paul Torres on the Fox drama series "The Following", and AJ Menendez in the ABC prime-time series "Blood & Oil".

He also played Rodrigo Lara Bonilla in the Netflix drama series "Narcos" and Aaron Shore in the ABC/Netflix political drama "Designated Survivor".

Canto died of appendix cancer on 8 January 2024 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 42.

James Kottak

James Kottak (December 26, 1962 – January 9, 2024) was an American drummer. He was best known for his work with the German hard rock band Scorpions, which he joined in 1996. At the time of his firing from the band in 2016, he was their longest-serving drummer. 

Kottak was also an original member of Kingdom Come. He had his own band Kottak, formerly known as KrunK. Other bands Kottak played for were Montrose, Warrant, Wild Horses, the McAuley Schenker Group, and Buster Brown.

On January 9, 2024, Kottak was found dead in his bathroom at his home in Louisville, Kentucky of cardiac arrest at the age of 61.

Janusz Majewski (director)

Janusz Marian Majewski (5 August 1931 – 10 January 2024) was a Polish movie director and screenwriter. He directed over 40 movies from 1957 until 2015.

Majewski died on 10 January 2024 at the age of 92.



Tisa Farrow

Theresa Magdalena "Tisa" Farrow (July 22, 1951 – January 10, 2024) was an American actress and model. She was born in Los Angeles, California. Her career lasted from 1970 to 1980. She was the sister of Mia Farrow. She was known for her roles in "Zombi 2" (1979), "The Last Hunter" (1980), and "Antropophagus" (1980).

Farrow died on January 10, 2024, at the age of 72.

Jennell Jaquays

Jennell Jaquays (born Paul Jaquays; October 14, 1956 – January 10, 2024) was an American game designer, video game artist, and illustrator of tabletop role-playing games (RPGs). Her best known works include "Dungeons & Dragons" and for creating the designs of "Pac-Man" and "Donkey Kong".

Jaquays announced in December 2011 that she identified herself as a lesbian and trans woman.

Jaquays died from problems caused by Guillain-Barré syndrome on January 10, 2024, at the age of 67.


Tesla Cybertruck

The Tesla Cybertruck is an electric vehicle made by Tesla Inc. It was released in late 2023.

San Antonio FC

This club is a semi pro soccer club located in San Antonio, Texas. They play in the USL Championship. Their field is the Toyota Field.

Stanislavski's system

Stanislavski’s system was the way that Konstantin Stanislavski trained actors. It’s about an actor getting himself to feel the emotions of the character he’s playing. It inspired Stanislavski’s student Lee Strasberg to create Method acting which Strasberg just called The Method.

Giric mac Cináeda

Giric mac Cináeda (Modern Gaelic: "Griogair mac Coinneach" (After 966–1005), was King of Scots from 997 to 1005. He reigned jointly with his father, Kenneth III, until his death in at the Battle of Monzievaird on the 25th of March, 1005, he fought with his father, Kenneth, Against Malcolm, where both he, and his father were killed.

2024 Lower Grand Lagoon–Panama City tornado

On January 9, 2024, an intense tornado, along with a satellite tornado, struck Lower Grand Lagoon and the western portion of Panama City in Florida. The intense "parent" tornado was rated EF3 on the Enhanced Fujita scale by the National Weather Service, and the was rated EF0.

The tornado started as a waterspout and moved onshore Spyglass Drive in Lower Grand Lagoon. In this area, several homes sustained significant damage and one home along the beach was completely destroyed. The damage to that home was rated EF3, with winds estimated at .

Warring States period

Warring States, (475–221 bce), designation for seven or more small feuding Chinese kingdoms whose careers collectively constitute an era in Chinese history. The Warring States period was one of the most fertile and influential in Chinese history.

Spawn of Possession

Spawn of Possession is an Swedish technical death metal band formed in 1997.


Categoryː2020-21 in European football

2020–21 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2020- 21 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 88th season in club history. It was the 32nd season in the highest Austrian football league. They could defend their title in the Austrian League and Austrian Cup. In the UEFA Champions League, they qualified for the group stage after defeating Maccabi Tel Aviv in the playoffs. In the Europa League knockout phase, they were defeated by Villarreal in the round of 32.


Note: There were different restrictions for visitors due to the coronavirus pandemic.

The halved points from the basic round are in brackets.

The number of visitors was limited to 1200 due to the Coronavirus pandemic. From the Round of 16 onwards no visitors were allowed.

A week before the start of the competition, the organizing UEFA announced that it would not be holding the competition. This was due to the critical COVID-19 situation, due to which Europe-wide travel restrictions were imposed.

Middle East Eye

Middle East Eye is a news website that talks about the Middle East and North Africa and related content from beyond the region.

Middle East Eye was launched in London in April 2014. The ownership of channel is not known. Its editor-in-chief is David Hearst who was a foreign lead writer for "The Guardian" until November 2013.
The website is accused by governments of Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain of supporting the political campaign of the Muslim Brotherhood by creating biased news that supported the Muslim Brotherhood. The UAE, and Saudi Arabia permanently blocked the website for unknown reasons and Egypt temporarily blocked the website during protests spanning from September to October 2019.

Rod Brind'Amour

Rod Brind'Amour is a Canadian hockey player and coach. He is the Coach of the Carolina Hurricanes. He won the 2006 Stanley Cup.

Down Mexico Way

Down Mexico Way is a 1941 American western movie directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, Fay McKenzie. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Women's World Championship (WWE)

The Women's World Championship wrestling championship in WWE competed by women of the Raw brand. It was created after the return of the brand extension. First known as the SmackDown Women's Championship, it was revealed on the August 23, 2016, episode of "SmackDown" as the counterpart to the WWE Women's Championship, which became exclusive to Raw as a result of the 2016 WWE Draft. The first champion was Becky Lynch. As a result of the 2023 WWE Draft, the Raw and SmackDown women's championships switched brands, with the SmackDown Women's Championship renamed as the Women's World Championship, while the Raw Women's Championship changed to its original name of WWE Women's Championship.

The title has been in the main event of three WWE premium live events: at , together with the Raw Women's Championship at the time, at WWE's flagship event WrestleMania 35 in 2019, and by itself on Night 1 of WrestleMania 37 in 2021. It was also the first women's wrestling championship to be defended in Saudi Arabia, at Super ShowDown in 2020.

With the return of the WWE Brand Extension in the middle of 2016, a draft took place on July 19. The WWE Women's Champion Charlotte was drafted to "Raw". As a result, "SmackDown Live" was left without a women's title. On the August 23, 2016 episode of "SmackDown Live", Shane McMahon introduced the SmackDown Women's Championship. The first champion was crowned at Backlash on September 11, 2016, where Becky Lynch beat Alexa Bliss, Carmella, Naomi, Natalya and Nikki Bella in a six-pack elimination challenge to win the title.

Following the 2023 WWE Draft, the Raw and SmackDown Women's Championships switched brands and there were no title changes for either championship before drafted wrestlers went to their brands on May 8. The problem was solved on the June 12, 2023, episode of "Raw". WWE official Adam Pearce gave a new championship belt to reigning champion Rhea Ripley, with the title renamed as the Women's World Championship. This came shortly after the Raw Women's Championship became the WWE Women's Championship again on June 9.

As of 31, 2024, there have been 27 reigns between 12 champions. The first champion was Becky Lynch, who won the title on "SmackDown". The champion with the single longest reign is Bayley with a reign of 380 days while the record for longest combined reign is also held by Bayley at 520 days. Charlotte Flair has the most reigns at seven. Only one woman in history has held the championship for a continuous reign of one year (365 days) or more: Bayley.

As of 31, 2024.

Don't Knock the Rock

Don't Knock the Rock is a 1956 American musical movie directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Alan Dale, Alan Freed. It features performances by Bill Haley & His Comets, Little Richard, The Treniers and Dave Appell and the Applejacks and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Millwater, New Zealand

Millwater is a northern suburb of Auckland. It is about 33 kilometres (by road) north of the city centre. The Auckland Northern Motorway and Orewa River are on the western and northern side of the boundaries.

Millwater was built on former farmland in 2005. lt is expected to be complete in 2022, which has about 10,000 people live there.

A suburb of Milldale is on the other side of the Northern Motorway. It has a primary school in the area.

USS Dwight D. Eisenhower

USS "Dwight D. Eisenhower" (CVN-69) is a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier currently in service with the United States Navy. The "Dwight D. Eisenhower" participated in the Red Sea Crisis between 2023-2024.

USS Florida (SSGN-728)

USS "Florida" (SSBN-728/SSGN-728), an cruise missile submarine, is the sixth vessel of the United States Navy to be named for the U.S. state of Florida. She was commissioned with the hull designation of SSBN-728; with her conversion to a cruise missile submarine, from a ballistic missile submarine, she was re-designated SSGN-728.

Skawina

Skawina is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is near Kraków. In 2021, 24,177 people lived there. Its area is 20,50 km².

Vardø

Vardø is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 1,897 people lived there.


World Heavyweight Championship (WWE, 2023–present)

The World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world championship in WWE for the men of the Raw brand. It is one of three world titles on WWE's main roster, along with the WWE Championship and WWE Universal Championship, which are held and defended together as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship on SmackDown. The current champion is Seth "Freakin" Rollins, who defeated AJ Styles in a tournament final at Night of Champions on May 27, 2023, to become the first champion.

The title's creation is a result of Roman Reigns and the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship. After Reigns became undisputed champion in April 2022, he defended the titles across both brands, but these defenses became less due to the terms of his contract. With the 2023 WWE Draft, the World Heavyweight Championship was shown on the April 24, 2023, episode of "Raw" and became Raw-exclusive. Reigns and the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship got exclusive to SmackDown.

The title does not continue the history of WWE's old World Heavyweight Championship from 2002 until 2013.

On the April 24, 2023, episode of "Monday Night Raw", Triple H announced the 2023 WWE Draft, a process used to decide which wrestlers are exclusively to a brand. He then said that Undisputed WWE Universal Champion Roman Reigns defended the title less because of his contract. So Triple H announced that the brand Reigns would go to in the draft would become the exclusive home to him and the undisputed championship. Triple H also presented a new World Heavyweight Championship that would be defended on the other brand and announced that the first champion would be crowned at Night of Champions on May 27, 2023. During night one of the draft on the April 28 episode of "SmackDown", Reigns was drafted to SmackDown, this made the World Heavyweight Championship exclusive to Raw. 

During the Backlash press conference on May 5, 2023, Triple H announced a tournament for the title including wrestlers from both brands with a bracket for each brand. The first round and semifinals for each bracket took place for the May 8 and May 12 episodes of "Raw" and "SmackDown". The first-round matches for each episode consisted of two triple threat matches with the winners going to the semifinals in a singles match the same night, with those winners wrestling in the championship match at Night of Champions.

The wrestlers for the World Heavyweight Championship Tournament were announces on May 7 on WWE's YouTube channel: Cody Rhodes, Damian Priest, Finn Bálor, Seth "Freakin" Rollins, Shinsuke Nakamura, and The Miz from Raw, and AJ Styles, Austin Theory, Bobby Lashley, Edge, Rey Mysterio, and Sheamus from SmackDown. On the May 8 episode of "Raw", Rollins defeated Nakamura and Priest in the first triple threat while Bálor defeated Miz and Rhodes in the second. Rollins defeated Bálor in the semifinals to win Raw's bracket. On the May 12 episode of "SmackDown", Styles defeated Edge and Mysterio in the first triple threat while Lashley defeated Sheamus and Theory in the second. Styles defeated Lashley in the semifinals to win SmackDown's bracket, which set up the tournament final between Rollins and Styles. At Night of Champions, Rollins defeated Styles to become the inaugural World Heavyweight Champion. The title was defended for the first time on the June 5 episode of "Raw".

As of 31, 2024.


Cedar Hill Lakes, Missouri

Cedar Hill Lakes is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Tekakwitha, Missouri

Lake Tekakwitha is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Parkdale, Missouri

Parkdale is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Peaceful Village, Missouri

Peaceful Village is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Scotsdale, Missouri

Scotsdale is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Newark, Missouri

Newark is a village in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Novelty, Missouri

Novelty is a village in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Coufouleux

Coufouleux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Times of Israel

The Times of Israel is an Israeli online newspaper. It was launched in 2012. It was co-founded by Israeli journalist David Horovitz and American billionaire Seth Klarman. Horovitz is also the founding editor. It is based in Jerusalem. Along with the original English website, "The Times of Israel" publishes in Hebrew, Arabic, French, and Persian. In addition to publishing news and analysis, the website hosts a blog platform with multiple authors.

In February 2014, two years after its launch, "The Times of Israel" claimed to have two million readers. In 2017, readership increased to 3.5 million unique users every month. By 2021, it had an average of over nine million unique users every month and over 35 million monthly page views. The paper's blog platform also had 9,000 active bloggers.

Clinton family

The Family of Bill Clinton was the first family of the United States following his inauguration as the 42nd president of the United States on January 20, 1993 and ended on January 20, 2001.

During his governorship, they were also the first family of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and again from 1983 to 1992.

Bill Clinton – President of the United States from 1993 to 2001

Hillary Clinton – United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013

Chelsea Clinton – Daughter of Bill Clinton (b. 1980)

Gonzalo Lira

'Gonzalo Ángel Quintilio Lira López (February 29, 1968 – January 12, 2024) was a war commentator and YouTuber, also known as Coach Red Pill. He was of Chilean-American decent. He was accused of spreading Russian propaganda, including denying atrocities. He died on January 11, 2024, in a Kharkiv hospital in Ukraine.

Lira was born in Burbank, California. His parents were Chilean: Gonzalo Lia Valdés and María Isabel López Hess. His mother is a direct descendant of José Miguel Carrera. He spent his childhood in the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles, New York, Miami, and Guayaquil, Ecuador. Lira graduated from Saint George's College, Santiago, in 1985, and from Dartmouth College in 1995, with a degree in history and philosophy.

He held roles as a journalist, writer, and filmmaker, gaining experience in Hollywood. In 2010, he moved to Ukraine, where he married a local woman. He then settled in Kharkiv, the country's second-largest city, situated near the Russian border.

Gonzalo Lira died in January 2024. At the time of his death, he was imprisoned for allegedly violating his probation.

In May 2023, he was arrested on charges of "production and dissemination of materials justifying Russia’s armed aggression against Ukraine". Prominent figures such as tech mogul Elon Musk and Fox News host Tucker Carlson advocated for his release, drawing international attention to his case. Gonzalo Lira Sr. communicated with the US embassy, and highlighted concerns about Gonzalo Lira's declining health during his Ukrainian imprisonment. Lira Sr. expressed dissatisfaction with the perceived lack of assistance from the US Embassy. Lira wrote a note about his health issues, including double pneumonia, pneumothorax, and severe edema. He said that he has been neglected, and that medical attention in prison had been delayed.

In October 1996, Lira made a deal with a publisher called G. P. Putnam's Sons to release his first book called Counterparts. The story is about a strong female FBI agent and her "counterpart," a CIA operative. In 1997, he released a Spanish novel called Tomáh Errázurih. In 1998, he directed a short action film called So Kinky. His second book, Acrobat, came out in 2002. In 2005, he filmed Secuestro in Chile, which did well in the box office during its opening weekend. Between 2010 and 2013, Lira shared his ideas about economics and other topics on his blog. Sometimes, he reposted them on Business Insider and Naked Capitalism. He also contributed to a financial website called Zero Hedge. In that time, he contacted economist Steve Keen to work together on a project. However, Keen said that Lira made big promises and didn't deliver. This lead to issues with collaborators and employees.

Starting in 2017, Lira was active on YouTube using the name Coach Red Pill (CRP). He shared content that was misogynist towards women and anti-feminist, attracting the attention of a group called incels. Lira's videos gave advice like "never date a woman in her thirties" and claimed that women only want money, a house, and kids. In one video, he suggested people in Western democracies move to a less developed country because of his concerns about COVID-19 vaccines. He posted many videos, gaining subscribers and views. In November 2021, Lira deleted most of his CRP content and started using his real name. He lived in Kharkiv and had a family with a Ukrainian woman, with whom he had one daughter.

Lira accused the Ukrainian government of torturing him. This claim was denied by the SBU. He tried to seek political asylum in Hungary on July 31 but was caught and arrested again. On August 2, 2023, the DDCK ruled for Lira to appear in court on August 22, 2023.

On August 4, 2023, the DDCK granted the prosecutor's request to keep Lira in detention until October 2, 2023, without bail. They also decided to transfer the previously paid bail to the state. Lira explained his actions by citing violent acts and extortion against him in the detention center and expressed fear for his life.

On August 22, 2023, the Kharkiv Slobid District Prosecutor's Office filed charges against Lira for spreading materials justifying Russian aggression. On September 12, 2023, his detention was extended until November 11, 2023.

Lira died in custody on January 12, 2024. Lira claimed to have been tortured by other inmates while imprisoned, although a Ukrainian military spokesman denied this and asserted that Lira had been in good health.

Lira, Gonzalo (1997). Tomáh Errázurih (1 ed.). Santiago de Chile: Mondadori. ISBN 956-258-057-1. OCLC 38081261.
Lira, Gonzalo (1998). Counterparts. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons. ISBN 0-399-14312-2. OCLC 37300650.
Lira, Gonzalo (2002). Acrobat (1 ed.). New York: St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-312-28694-5. OCLC 48515857.

Method acting

Method acting is a way that some actors play characters by making themselves feel the same emotions their characters are feeling. Lee Strasberg created it based on the ideas of Konstantin Stanislavski.

Courris

Courris is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Crespin, Tarn

Crespin is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Crespinet

Crespinet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cuq, Tarn

Cuq is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cuq-Toulza

Cuq-Toulza is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Curvalle

Curvalle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Damiatte

Damiatte is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Dénat

Dénat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Donnazac

Donnazac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Roetgen

Roetgen is a municipality in the district of Aachen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

As of May 9 of 2011, the municipality had a population of 8,312 people.

Simmerath

Simmerath is a municipality in the district of Aachen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

As of May 9 of 2011, the municipality had a population of 15,122 people.

2024 attack on the Khalissa

On 12 January 2024, Iranian-backed Houthis launched a ballistic missile towards the Panama-flagged oil tanker M/T "Khalissa", which was carrying oil towards the Russian port of Ust-Luga. The missile missed the tanker, hitting the water about away. This event was potentially a case of mistaken identity, as Houthi was retaliating for the devastating attacks in Yemen by the United States and United Kingdom. The ship was previously owned by a company based in the United Kingdom, but it is now owned by a Russian company. The Institute for the Study of War, however, stated Houthi was “targeting” the Russian oil tanker.


Lynja

Lynn Yamada Davis (31 July 1956 – 1 January, 2024), also referred to as Lynja, was a chef well known for her YouTube Shorts videos. She was born in New York City on 31 July 1956 and died on 1 January 2024 due to cancer. Her ideas for Youtube Shorts came from her son, Tim Davis during the coronavirus in March 2020. She was a graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a private university in the year 1977. In 2022, she was one of the Top 50 creators in the Forbes Top 50 creators list.

Leva Bonaparte

Leva Bonaparte (née Nowroozyani; born 3 May 1979) is an American restaurateur and television personality. She is known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" and its spin-off series "Southern Hospitality".

Leva Nowroozyani was born in India on 3 May 1979, as the eldest of three daughters to Persian parents.

Bonaparte moved to Canada with her family at the age of three and later split her time between Bolivia and the United States.

Bonaparte graduated from South Carolina State University in 1999.

Bonaparte sold software for her parents company between 1999 and 2009.

Bonaparte is involved in the Republic Development and Management Group and 26 Industries, a marketing and event management firm.

Bonaparte and her husband own five restaurants, bars and clubs in the Charleston area.

Bonaparte made her debut as a restaurateur when she opened Republic Garden & Lounge in the spring of 2013. She opened her second establishment, Bourbon N' Bubbles, on 29 November 2018. She opened her third establishment, 1st Place, on 20 October 2020. She opened her fourth establishment, Mesu, on 25 September 2019; she co-owns the restaurant with Craig Conover. Bonaparte opened her fifth establishment, Lamar's Sporting Club, on 25 August 2023.

Bonaparte has appeared as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" since the shows seventh season in 2020. She appeared in a guest capacity for the first six seasons. She was the first cast member of color. 

Bonaparte has appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Southern Charm", "Southern Hospitality", since 28 November 2022. She is also an executive producer. The series follows Bonaparte and the staff of her Charleston nightclub, Republic Garden & Lounge.

Bonaparte has resided in Charleston since 2003.

Bonaparte married Lamar Bonaparte on 25 April 25 2013. The couple met on her 29th birthday. Their only child, Lamar "Little" Bonaparte Jr., was born on 29 January 2018.

Philautus aurantium

The Mendolong bubble-nest frog ("Philautus aurantium") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it near Mount Kinabalu between 750 and 1800 meters above sea level.

Batu Khan

Batu Khan (c. 1205–1255) was a Mongol ruler and founder of the Golden Horde, a constituent of the Mongol Empire. Batu was a son of Jochi, thus a grandson of Genghis Khan. His "ulus" ruled over the Kievan Rus', Volga Bulgaria, Cumania, and the Caucasus for around 250 years.

List of military operations during 2024

This is a list of military operations, which include attacks and battles during 2024. This list only includes operations which occurred or started in during 2024.



Miss Universe Myanmar 2024

Miss Universe Myanmar 2024 the 11th edition of the Miss Universe Myanmar pageant will be held in 2024 at Yangon, Myanmar. Amara Bo of Keng Tung will crown her successor at the end of the event. The winner will represent Myanmar at the Miss Universe 2024 competition in Mexico.

List of City or District Director of Miss Universe Myanmar 2024 competition:


The following is a list of the City or District that held the local preliminary contests for the Miss Universe Myanmar 2024 pageant.

Institute for the Study of War

The Institute for the Study of War is an American nonprofit research group and think tank founded in 2007 by military historian Kimberly Kagan. It provides research and analysis regarding issues of defense and foreign affairs.

Connor Bedard

Connor Bedard (born July 17, 2005) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Bedard has been called a generational talent and was called the "The Future of Hockey" by "The Hockey News".

During his time playing in the Western Hockey League (WHL), Bedard was awarded the Jim Piggott Memorial, the Bob Clarke and the Four Broncos Memorial Trophys. He would also win the Canadian Hockey League (CHL)'s Top Scorer and Player of the Year awards.

Bedard plays international hockey with Canada. He played with the under-18 team for the 2021 tournament, and with the National junior team in the 2022 and 2023 tournaments. He would help Canada win a gold medal in all three tournaments. He won the very first IIHF Male Player of the Year Award in 2023.

Before playing in the NHL, Bedard played parts of 3 seasons with the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He would be drafted first overall by the Pats in the 2020 WHL Bantam Draft. Before the draft, Hockey Canada gave Bedard exceptional player status which let him play in the WHL a year early.

Before playing for the Pats, Bedard would be loaned to the juniour team for HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL) in 2020. He would play with them while the WHL had play suspended because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The WHL would continue play in March 2021 and Bedard would return to play for the Pats. In his first season with the team, he won the Jim Piggott Memorial Trophy for rookie of the year.

The next year, Bedard would finish the season with 51 goals, 49 assists, and 100 points. He also became the youngest player in the WHL to score 50 or more goals in a season and the third 16-year-old to record a 100-point season in the league. It was the first one in the 21st century.

In the 2022–23 season, Bedard would record a points streak for 35 games and became the league's leading scorer over that time. The streak would be snapped after being unable to record a point in a 3-2 win against the Lethbridge Hurricanes on February 3, 2023. Bedard's exceptional performance in the league led to lots of attention on his games. While traveling to other team's arenas, they would often sellout. When the Pats played the Calgary Hitmen at the Scotiabank Saddledome (also home of the Calgary Flames), there was an attendance of 17,223. Normally, a Hitmen game would sell an average of around 3,500. At the end of the season, he would be awarded the Bob Clarke and the Four Broncos Memorial Trophys. He would also win the Canadian Hockey League (CHL)'s Top Scorer and Player of the Year awards.

When the Chicago Blackhawks won the number one pick in the 2023 lottery, it was reported that the Blackhawks had already sold $2.5 million in season ticket packages in anticipation of the selection of Bedard. On June 28, 2023 at the 2023 NHL Entry Draft, the Chicago Blackhawks would select Bedard first overall. On July 17, Bedard would sign a three-year entry level contract with a $950,000 cap hit.

On October 10, Bedard would make his NHL debut in a 4–2 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins. In the game, Bedard would record his first point in the NHL when he got an assist on a Ryan Donato goal. The next night, the Blackhawks would play the Boston Bruins and Bedard would score his first NHL goal in a 3–1 loss.

On January 4, 2024, Bedard was named to the 2024 National Hockey League All-Star Game, becoming the youngest selection in NHL history. However, Bedard would be injured with a broken jaw after being hit by Brendan Smith during a game against the New Jersey Devils the next day.

Kensington Computer Products Group

The Kensington Technology Group is the technology division of the ACCO group. The company is headquartered in Redwood Shores, a district of Redwood City, California. The German branch is located in the town of Schorndorf. 

Kensington Technology Group sells computer accessories and peripherals such as mice, keyboards, cases for laptops and consumer electronics ( iPods, MP3 players ), power supplies and anti-theft systems for computers and electronic devices. iPad accessories are also part of the range, such as the protective KeyFolio Expert tablet case with an integrated Bluetooth keyboard. The use of the accessories is aimed at both fixed and mobile workstations. The most well-known product is the Kensington security slot, a security system for laptops and other peripherals with the brand name MicroSaver®.

The Kensington company was founded in 1981. The first product was the so-called "System Saver", which included a fan and a mains filter for Apple, which was quite successful. Today, Kensington is a leader in the field of locking systems for IT security solutions and offers a range of individual locking systems with various options to secure computing devices such as laptops, desktops, projectors, TFTs and external hard drives. It is currently owned by the Acco Brands group. 

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 14)


Transport engineering

Transport engineering is a field of civil engineering, which is about planning transport systems. Sometimes it is also called transportation engineering. It uses technology and scientific principles to plan, functionally design, operate and manage facilities for any mode of transportation. It is about providing infrastructure for safe, efficient, rapid, comfortable, convenient, economical, and environmentally compatible movement of people and goods.

There are different subfields:


Transport engineering can be studied at technical universities. Usually it is a specialization of a technical domain of study, such as civil engineering, mechanical engineering or urban planning.

When I Think of You

"When I Think of You" is a 1986 song by Janet Jackson and is the third single from her third studio album "Control". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 10 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 6 in Canada, number 53 in Australia, number 23 in New Zealand and number 2 in the Netherlands and has been played at every concerts since its release.


BBC National Orchestra of Wales

BBC National Orchestra of Wales is a Welsh symphony orchestra and one of the BBC's five professional radio orchestras.


Lamar Bonaparte

Lamar Bonaparte Sr. (born July 31, 1976) is an American restaurateur. He is best known for his partnership with his wife Leva Bonaparte.

Lamar Bonaparte Jr. was born in Charleston, South Carolina on July 31, 1976. He is the son of Lamar Bonaparte Sr. and Cynthia Bonaparte.

Bonaparte graduated from South Carolina State University with his degree in accounting.

Bonaparte has been working in the hospitality industry since, at least, 2000.

Bonaparte founded Republic Development and Management Group (DMG), a marketing and event management firm, in 2011.

Bonaparte and his wife own five restaurants, bars and clubs in the Charleston area.

Bonaparte made his debut as a restaurateur when he opened Republic Garden & Lounge in the spring of 2013. He opened his second establishment, Bourbon N' Bubbles, on November 29, 2018. He opened his third establishment, 1st Place, on October 20, 2020. He opened his fourth establishment, Mesu, on September 25, 2019; he co-owns the restaurant with Craig Conover. Bonaparte opened his fifth establishment, Lamar's Sporting Club, on August 25, 2023.

Bonaparte made his television debut during a 2020 episode of the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm". He has made four appearances.

Bonaparte has served as an executive producer on a spin-off from "Southern Charm", "Southern Hospitality", since November 28, 2022. The series follows his wife and the staff of their Charleston nightclub, Republic Garden & Lounge.

Bonaparte married Leva Nowroozyani on April 25, 2013. The couple met on her 29th birthday. Their only child, Lamar "Little" Bonaparte Jr., was born on January 29, 2018.

Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force

The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force protects Japan at sea. It's part of the Japan Self-Defense Forces and was created after World War II when the Imperial Japanese Navy dissolved. The JMSDF has 154 ships, 346 aircraft, and 50,800 personnel.

After Japan's defeat in World War II, the Imperial Japanese Navy was disbanded, and some of its ships, like the battleship Nagato, were taken by the Allies. The remaining fleet was initially used for repatriating Japanese soldiers and minesweeping under the Second Bureau of the Demobilization Ministry. The minesweeping duties were later transferred to the Maritime Safety Agency, maintaining naval resources.

The 1947 Constitution included Article 9 renouncing war, allowing Japan to maintain military forces for self-defense. Cold War pressures led the United States to support Japan's self-defense capabilities. In 1952, the Safety Security Force (SSF) was formed within the Maritime Safety Agency, incorporating military vessels given by the U.S. In 1954, the JMSDF was formally established as the naval branch of the Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF). The JMSDF's early ships included former U.S. Navy destroyers. With the Cold War threat from the Soviet Navy, the JMSDF focused on an anti-submarine role.

Muhammad Tahir Pervaiz

Muhammad Tahir Pervaiz is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from August 2018 till January 2023.
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) from Constituency PP-112 (Faisalabad-XVI) in 2018 Pakistani general election.

Trinity Broadcasting Network

The Trinity Broadcasting Network is an international Christian-based broadcast television network. It is the world's largest religious television network. It was co-founded as the Trinity Broadcasting Systems in 1973.

Manzanita Sol

Manzanita Sol is a brand of apple-flavored soft drinks. It is owned by PepsiCo and is predominant in Mexico. In the United States it is sold in 12-pack cans, 2-liter, and 20-ounce bottles. 

La Croix Sparkling Water

La Croix is an American brand of sparkling water. It originated in La Crosse, Wisconsin, by G. Heileman Brewing Company. is now distributed by National Beverage Corporation. Their flavors include various fruits and fruit blends.

Fred Meyer

Fred Meyer is an American chain of hypermarket superstores. It was founded in 1922 in Portland, Oregon, United States, by Fred G. Meyer. Its stores are found in the northwest U.S., within the states of Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Alaska.

Baja Fresh

Baja Fresh is an American chain of fast-casual Tex Mex restaurants. It was founded in Newbury Park, California, in 1990 and headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. It is owned by Canadian franchisor MTY Food Group.

Kuroishi, Aomori

From Japanese census data,


Misawa, Aomori

From Japanese census data,


Alexander Kerfoot

Alexander Douglas Kerfoot (born August 11, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Colorado Avalanche and Toronto Maple Leafs.

Before playing in the NHL, Kerfoot played parts of 3 seasons with the Coquitlam Express of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) and four years at Harvard with the Crimson. During his time with the Express, Kerfoot would win the Bob Fenton Trophy as the most sportsmanlike player in the league. He would also be named to the All-Rookie and All-Star teams.

He was drafted 150th overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. Kerfoot decided not to play for them and instead play at Harvard. After his time at Harvard was done, he became a free agent. On August 23, 2017, Kerfoot signed a two-year; entry level contract with the Colorado Avalanche. On October 5, Kerfoot made his NHL debut. He would also record his first NHL point in the same game when assisted on a Tyson Barrie goal in a 4-2 win against the New York Rangers. On October 11, he would score his first NHL goal in a 6-3 season opening win against the Boston Bruins.

On July 1, 2019, the Avalanche would trade Kerfoot, Tyson Barrie and a sixth-round pick to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Nazem Kadri, Calle Rosén and a third-round pick. He would sign a four-year, $14 million contract with the Maple Leafs three days later. He would play four seasons with them.

On July 1, 2023, Kerfoot signed a two-year, $7 million contract with the Arizona Coyotes as a free agent.

Anastasia Romanovna

Anastasia Romanovna was the wife of Ivan the Terrible, the tsar of Russia from the 25th of August 1530 to the 28th of March 1584. She was the daughter of Roman Yurievich Zakharyin and was born in the year 1530 and died in the year 1560 at the age of 30.

China O'Brien

China O'Brien is a 1990 American Hong Kong action movie directed by Robert Clouse. It stars actress and martial artist Cynthia Rothrock with co-stars Richard Norton, Keith Cooke and Doug Wright. It was distributed by Golden Harvest.

Kyle Burroughs

Kyle Burroughs (born July 12, 1995) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Colorado Avalanche and Vancouver Canucks.

Before playing in the NHL, Burroughs played parts of 5 seasons with the Regina Pats and 1 season with the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League (WHL). On September 23, 2013, during his time with the Pats, Burroughs would become their captain. On January 5, 2015, the Pats traded Burroughs along with Dryden Hunt to the Medicine Hat Tigers for Connor Hobbs and draft picks.

He was drafted 196th overall by the New York Islanders in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On April 8, 2015, Burroughs would sign a three-year, entry-level contract with the Islanders. He would spend parts of 6 seasons with the Islanders AHL farm team Bridgeport Sound Tigers. During his time with them, he would be named their Sound Tigers AHL Man of the Year twice. 

On October 11, 2020, the Islanders traded Burroughs to the Colorado Avalanche for A.J. Greer. On April 5, 2021, Burroughs would make his NHL debut in a 5-4 win against the Minnesota Wild. He would get his first NHL point two days later when he assisted on a Andre Burakovsky goal in a 8-3 loss to the Wild.

On July 28, 2021, Burroughs would sign a two-year, two-way contract with his hometown Vancouver Canucks. On November 19, 2021, he would score his first NHL goal in a 3-2 win against the Winnipeg Jets.

On July 1, 2023, Burroughs signed a three-year, $3.3 million contract with the San Jose Sharks.

C.C. Lemon

C.C. Lemon is a Japanese soft drink made by Suntory. It is known for its lemon flavor, and for its advertisements featuring characters from the American animated series "The Simpsons". It has been sold in Vietnam since 2014.

Dave &amp; Buster's

Dave & Buster's is an American restaurant and entertainment business. It is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Each Dave & Buster's has a full-service restaurant, full bar, and a video arcade. It has 156 locations. It was founded in 1982.

Schweppes

Schweppes is a beverage brand that originated in the Republic of Geneva. It is made, bottled and distributed worldwide by multiple international conglomerates, depending on licensing and region, that manufacture and sell soft drinks. It was one of the earliest forms of a soft drink, originally being regular soda water created in 1783.

Craig Conover

Craig Altman Conover (born February 9, 1989) is an American television personality, attorney and businessman. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Conover is also known as a guest cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Summer House" and as a former main cast member on the spin-off "Winter House".

Craig Altman Conover was born in Fenwick Island, Delaware on February 9, 1989, as the elder of two sons to Craig Conover Sr., an entrepreneur, and Martha Conover (née Foster), a teacher.

Conover attended Selbyville Middle School and Indian River High School. He won a national championship in a business competition while he was in high school.

Conover graduated from the College of Charleston with his Bachelor of Science degree in 2010. He graduated from the Charleston School of Law in 2014; he did not receive his law degree upon graduation due to his failure to turn in a final thesis paper.

Conover was a member of the Kappa-Chi fraternity.

Conover made his television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a main cast member from the first season. The first season was launched on March 3, 2014.

Conover has appeared on "Summer House" in a guest capacity since the fourth season. The fourth season was launched on February 5, 2020.

Conover appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Summer House", "Winter House", for the first two seasons. The first season was launched on October 20, 2021. The second was season launched on October 13, 2022.

Conover took the South Carolina Bar exam on April 17, 2017, and passed. He was sworn in by the South Carolina Bar in February 20, 2018.

Conover founded The Craig Conover Law Firm, based in Charleston, on March 18, 2021.

Conover made his debut as an actor, as Officer Smith in the action thriller film "Reprisal". The film was released on August 31, 2018.

Conover will portray Todd in the horror film "Tuesday's Flu".

Conover and his "Southern Charm" co-star Patricia Altschul released a pillowcase collaboration on March 28, 2019.

Conover founded Sewing Down South, a sewing lifestyle brand, on April 1, 2019. He began sewing in eighth grade home ec class. The company landed a partnership with HSN on June 25, 2020. The first store opened in Charleston on May 15, 2021. The company partnered with HomeGoods on July 19, 2022.

Conover partnered with his "Southern Charm" co-star Leva Bonaparte and her husband Lamar Bonaparte as co-owners of Mesu, in Charleston. The restaurant opened on September 25, 2019.

Conover partnered with his "Southern Charm" co-star Austen Kroll, Chris Maier, Philip Testa, and Jordan Andino as co-owners of Carriage House, in New York City. The restaurant opened on March 29, 2023.

Conover and Kroll partnered with Uptown Hospitality Group as co-owners of By the Way.

Conover and Kroll launched their Pillows and Beer podcast on January 28, 2021. They toured from November 7, 2023, to February 1, 2024.

Conover authored his memoir, "Pillow Talk: What's Wrong with My Sewing?" (). The book was published by Simon & Schuster on March 29, 2022.

Conover resides in Charleston, South Carolina.

Conover was in a relationship with Naomie Olindo between 2014 and September 2017. He was in a relationship with Natalie Hegnauer from early 2020 to early 2021. He has been in a relationship with Paige DeSorbo since October 2021.

Wacky Packages

Wacky Packages are a series of humorous trading cards featuring parodies of consumer products. The cards were produced by Topps beginning in 1967. At the height of their popularity from 1973 to 1975, Wacky Packages were the best-selling Topps product, even more popular than Topps baseball cards, when they were by far the most sold trading card items in the United States.

Garbage Pail Kids

Garbage Pail Kids is a series of sticker trading cards produced by the Topps Company. They were originally released in 1985 and designed to parody the Cabbage Patch Kids dolls, which were popular at the time.

China O'Brien II

China O'Brien II is a 1990 American action movie directed by Robert Clouse and starring Cynthia Rothrock, Richard Norton, Keith Cooke, Frank Magner. It is the sequel to the 1990 movie "China O'Brien" and was distributed by Golden Harvest.

Dourgne

Dourgne is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Dourn

Le Dourn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Tyler Eckford

Tyler Eckford (born September 8, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 7 games in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the New Jersey Devils.

Before playing in the NHL, Eckford played parts of 3 seasons with the Surrey Eagles of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL). Eckford would play with them during the 2003-04 and 2004-05 Playoffs. In 2004, they would be eliminated in the semi-final round by the Nanaimo Clippers and in 2005, they defeated the Vernon Vipers four games to one to win the Fred Page Cup.

Eckford was drafted 217th overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. After being drafted, Eckford decided to play college ice hockey at the University of Alaska Fairbanks with the Nanooks. He would play three years at Alaska. During his time playing there, he would become the first Nanooks players to be named to the CCHA All-Conference First Team.

On November 20, 2009, Eckford would make his NHL debut in a 3-2 shootout loss to the Nashville Predators. He would mainly spend his time with New Jersey's AHL farm teams, the Lowell and Albany Devils. On November 21, 2009, Eckford would record his first NHL point when he assisted on a Brian Rolston powerplay goal in a 5-3 loss to the Dallas Stars.

On July 4, 2011, Eckford signed a one-year contract with the Phoenix Coyotes. he would play the season with their AHL farm team, the Portland Pirates.

On July 10, 2012, Eckford signed a two-year, two-way contract with the Ottawa Senators but only played 2 seasons with their AHL farm team Binghamton Senators.

Durfort, Tarn

Durfort is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Escoussens

Escoussens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Michael Marmot

Sir Michael Gideon Marmot CH FRCP FFPM FMedSci FBA (born 26 February 1945) is Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at University College London. He is the Director of The UCL Institute of Health Equity. Marmot has led research groups on health inequalities for over thirty years, working for various international and governmental bodies. In 2023, he was elected to the American Philosophical Society. He was the President of the British Medical Association June 2010 to June 2011.

Marmot has advised the WHO. He was chair of the Commission on Social Determinants of Health , which was set up by the World Health Organization 2005, and in August 2008 he produced for the commission a report called "Closing the Gap in a Generation".

Escroux

Escroux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Espérausses

Espérausses is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fauch

Fauch is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Faussergues

Faussergues is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fayssac

Fayssac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fénols

Fénols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Florentin, Tarn

Florentin is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Margnès

Le Margnès is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Fontrieu.

Fontrieu

Fontrieu is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Castelnau-de-Brassac (the seat), Ferrières and Le Margnès.

Portable classroom

A Portable classroom is a type of portable building. It is installed at a school to temporarily and quickly provide additional classroom space where there is a shortage of capacity. They are designed, so they may be removed once the capacity situation abates, whether by a permanent addition to the school, another school being opened in the area, or a reduction in student population. They are similar to trailers.

Fraissines

Fraissines is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Frausseilles

Frausseilles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Squirt (soft drink)

Squirt is a caffeine-free, grapefruit-flavored, carbonated soft drink. It was created in 1938 in Phoenix, Arizona. It competes primarily against The Coca-Cola Company's Fresca. It is manufactured by Keurig Dr Pepper.

Sun Drop

Sun Drop is a citrus-flavored soft drink produced by Keurig Dr Pepper with a yellowish-green color. It is known for its high caffeine content. It was developed in Missouri by Charles Lazier, a salesman of beverage concentrates.

Le Fraysse

Le Fraysse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Maggiano's Little Italy

Maggiano's Little Italy is an American casual dining restaurant chain. It specializes in Italian-American cuisine. It has 52 restaurants. It was founded in Chicago's River North neighborhood, at Clark Street and Grand Avenue in 1991.

Fréjairolles

Fréjairolles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Emilian dialects

Emilian is a European language, spoken in the Italian region of Emilia. It is official language of Emilia region.

Philautus disgregus

The Malaysian bubble-nest frog or disparate bubble-nest frog ("Philautus disgregus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it as high as 300 meters above sea level.

Fréjeville

Fréjeville is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

On the Border Mexican Grill &amp; Cantina

On the Border Mexican Grill & Cantina is a chain of Tex-Mex food casual dining restaurants located in the United States and South Korea. It has 150 restaurants. The restaurant is known for its selection of fajitas and wide selection of margaritas. It is also known for "Guacamole Live," the preparation of fresh guacamole tableside.

Romano's Macaroni Grill

Romano's Macaroni Grill is a casual dining restaurant chain specializing in Italian-American cuisine. It has 32 locations. It was founded by restaurateur Philip J. Romano in Leon Springs, Texas on April 19, 1988.

Fuddruckers

Fuddruckers is an American fast casual, franchised restaurant chain that specializes in hamburgers. Its concept is to offer large hamburgers in which the meat is ground on-site and buns are baked on the premises. It has 64 locations. It was founded in 1979.

Tomonobu Yokoyama

Yokoyama died from brain cancer on 4 January 2024, at the age of 38.

Decades Rock Live!

Decades Rock Live! is an American TV series of live concerts. The program premiered on VH1 Classic in the winter of 2006.

Lineups included:

Carl-Erik Asplund

Carl-Erik Asplund (14 September 1923 – 8 January 2024) was a Swedish speed skater who won a bronze medal in the 10000 m event at the 1952 Winter Olympics. In the 1500 metres event he finished fourth and in the 5000 metres competition he finished sixth. Asplund was born in Föllinge, Sweden.

Asplund turned 100 on 14 September 2023. He died four months later on 8 January 2024.

Terry Bisson

Terry Ballantine Bisson (February 12, 1942 – January 10, 2024) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer. He was best known for his short stories. His best known works were "Bears Discover Fire", which won the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award, and "They're Made Out of Meat".

Bisson died on January 10, 2024, at the age of 81. 

Gennady Yakovlev

Gennady Pavlovich Yakovlev (; 7 June 1938 – 12 January 2024) was a Russian botanist, rector of the St. Petersburg Academy of Chemical Pharmaceutical and head of the department of pharmacognosy. He was a professor of the department of pharmacognosy, part-time leading scientist of the Botanical Institute. V.L. Komarov, taxonomist of higher plants. G.P. Yakovlev was one of the leading experts in the systematics of legumes, as well as a specialist in the field of pharmacognosy.

He took part in projects to study the flora of Cuba, Vietnam, Mongolia, Central Asia, the European part of the USSR, etc.

Yakovlev died on 12 January 2024, at the age of 85.



Biberach an der Riß

Biberach an der Riß or simply Biberach is a town in southern Germany. It is the capital of Biberach, in Upper Swabia, Baden-Württemberg. It is after the small river Riß which flows through the town. About 32,000 people live there. There are museums like the Braith-Mali-Museum and Wieland-Museum. Biberach is known for the "Biberacher Schützenfest", a festival for children and town, which is held annually in July and lasts nine days. There are large industry companies in the town like Boehringer Ingelheim, EnBW, Handtmann, KaVo Dental GmbH and Liebherr.

Biberach an der Riß is twinned with:


Eichstetten am Kaiserstuhl

Eichstetten am Kaiserstuhl is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Eisenbach

Eisenbach is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

HIM (Finnish band)

HIM was a Finnish gothic rock band from Helsinki. They were formed in 1991. On 5 March 2017, HIM announced that the band would be disbanding following a farewell tour in 2017. The band played its last show on New Year's Eve 2017 as a part of its annual Helldone Festival.

Kensington security slot

The Kensington security slot is part of an anti-theft system designed by Kensington Computer Products Group . It is available in many electronic devices, particularly those of greater value but of little weight or size. It is made by a small, metal-reinforced hole, in which a padlock tied by means of a cable can be attached to a fixed object to prevent the device from being pulled. 

Ian James Corlett

Ian James Corlett is a Canadian voice actor known for voicing taz in canada Spiderman and many characters

Paige DeSorbo

Paige DeSorbo (born November 6, 1992) is an American model, journalist and television personality. She is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Summer House".

DeSorbo is also known as a former main cast member on the spin-off "Winter House" and as a guest cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Paige DeSorbo was born in New York, New York City on November 6, 1992. Her parents are Gary DeSorbo and Kimberly DeSorbo.

DeSorbo attended Academy of the Holy Names. She graduated from the College of Saint Rose with her bachelor's degree in broadcast journalism in 2015.

DeSorbo began her career as a model at the age of five. She stopped modeling in 2010.

DeSorbo has appeared in television adverts. She once appeared in Teen Vogue. She is featured on a series of teen fiction book covers.

DeSorbo interned at CBS 6 in Niskayuna.

DeSorbo worked as the executive assistant to the vice president of unscripted TV at ABC and as a fashion writer for Betches. She lost both these jobs when she began filming for "Summer House".

DeSorbo made her television debut when she joined the main cast of the Bravo reality television series "Summer House" from the third season on March 4, 2019.

DeSorbo appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Summer House", "Winter House", for the first two seasons. The first season premiered on October 20, 2021. The second season premiered on October 13, 2022.

DeSorbo has appeared on "Southern Charm" in a guest capacity since the eighth season premiered on June 23, 2022.

DeSorbo made her debut as an actress in 2020, as Tracy in "Spare Me".

DeSorbo and her "Summer House" co-star Hannah Berner launched their Giggly Squad podcast on October 27, 2020.

DeSorbo resides in New York City.

DeSorbo was in a relationship with Perry Rahbar between September 2019 and October 2020. She has been in a relationship with Craig Conover since October 2021.

Supermac's

Supermac's is an Irish fast food restaurant chain. It first opened in 1978. It has 118 restaurants in Ireland. Its head office is in the Ballybrit Business Park in Ballybrit, County Galway.

Nipomo, California

Nipomo is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.

Orcutt, California

Orcutt is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Isla Vista, California

Isla Vista is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Live Oak, Santa Cruz County, California

Live Oak is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Cruz County, California, United States.

Prunedale, California

Prunedale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Monterey County, California, United States.

Smith River, California

Smith River is a census-designated place (CDP) in Del Norte County, California, United States.

Hamilton City, California

Hamilton City is a census-designated place (CDP) in Glenn County, California, United States.

Hiouchi, California

Hiouchi is a census-designated place (CDP) in Del Norte County, California, United States.

Smoky Mountain Rain

"Smoky Mountain Rain" is a 1980 song by country singer Ronnie Milsap and was the first and only single from his greatest hits album "Greatest Hits". It went to number 24 in the United States and topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. It was reworked in 2019 as a duet with Dolly Parton.

Rudolph I of Germany

Rudolf I (1 May 1218 – 15 July 1291) was the first King of Germany from the House of Habsburg. The first of the count-kings of Germany, he reigned from 1273 until his death.

13 January 2024 al-Dailami Air Base missile strike

On 13 January 2024, the "USS Carney", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy, launched Tomahawk cruise missiles against the Houthi movement. The missile hit and destroyed a radar facility at the Houthi-controlled al-Dailami Air Base in Yemen. This was done as a “follow-on action” to the large scale missile strikes conducted by a United States-United Kingdom-led coalition the day before.


George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

George I (6 May 1747 – 9 September 1813) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1812 to 1813.He was the son of Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Christiane Henriette, Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken.

Dennō Senshi Porygon

"Dennō Senshi Porygon" (Japanese: でんのうせんしポリゴン, Hepburn: Dennō Senshi Porigon, translated as "Computer Warrior Porygon", although more commonly "Electric Soldier Porygon") is the 38th episode of the Pokémon anime's first season. It only aired once in Japan on December 16, 1997.

In the episode, Ash and his friends find that there is something wrong with the Poké Ball transmitting device at the nearby Pokémon Center. To find out what is wrong, they must go inside the machine.

The episode is controversial because in a few scenes, it had repetitive flashing lights that caused epileptic seizures to several Japanese viewers. More than 600 children across Japan were taken to hospitals. The incident is referred to in Japan as the "Pokémon Shock" (ポケモンショック, Pokemon Shokku).

Because of the incident, the episode was banned and it has not aired since. The Pokémon anime went into a four-month pause.

William II of Holland

William II (February 1227 – 28 January 1256) was the Count of Holland and Zeeland from 1234 until his death. He was elected anti-king of Germany in 1248 and ruled as sole king from 1254 onwards.

Inside Out 2

Inside Out 2 is an upcoming American animated movie set to release on June 14, 2024. It is the sequel to the movie "Inside Out."

<br><br><br><br>

Floris IV (Count of Holland)

Floris IV (24 June 1210 – 19 July 1234) was the count of Holland from 1222 to 1234. He was born in The Hague, a son of William I of Holland and his first wife, Adelaide of Guelders.

Floris V (Count of Holland)

Floris V (24 June 1254 – 27 June 1296) reigned as Count of Holland and Zeeland from 1256 until 1296. His life was documented in detail in the Rijmkroniek by Melis Stoke,

William I (Count of Holland)

William I (c. 1167 – 4 February 1222) was count of Holland from 1203 to 1222. He was the younger son of Floris III and Ada of Huntingdon.

Ada (Count of Holland)

Ada ( – 1234/37) was Countess regnant of Holland between 1203 and 1207, ruling jointly with her husband, Louis II of Loon. She was deposed and exiled by her paternal uncle, William I.

John I (Count of Holland)

John I (1284 – 10 November 1299) was Count of Holland and Zeeland as son of Count Floris V. John inherited the county in 1296 after the murder of his father.

Leslie Lamport

Leslie Lamport is a computer scientist and mathematician. He was born on the 7th of Febuary 1941. He is well known for being the creator of LaTeX, a document formatter along with writing the manual for the formatter.

Leslie was born into a family of Jewish immigrants from Russia and Poland in the city of New York. He was a graduate from the Bronx High School of Science and got a degree in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Brandeis University in the years 1960, 1963, and 1972.

Software categories

Software categories are groups of software. They allow software to be looked at in those categories, instead of looking at each package of software. There are different ways of putting software into categories which each look at the differences of the software in different ways.

Computer software can be put into categories on how it is used, and what type it is. There are three main types:


Swiss Standard German

Swiss Standard German or Swiss High German is the written form of one of the four official languages of Switzerland. It is mainly written, and not spoken.

Swiss Standard German is the official written language. It is used in books, all official laws, in newspapers, printed notices, most advertising, and other printed writing. Authors write books mainly using Swiss Standard German. 

There are differences in the spelling of Swiss Standard German and Standard German, for example replacing the German ß with ss. For example: 

There are some differences in vocabulary, including using a loanword from another language.
Swiss Standard German is only spoken in very few specific formal situations, such as in news broadcasts, education, and in religious sermons. 

Swiss Standard German and Swiss German dialects has been called a typical case of Diglossia, or when a group of people have two languages or dialects that they use.

Waimangaroa

Waimangaroa is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand. It is located 17 kilometers north of Westport and 13 kilometers south-east of Granity. It had a primary school that ran until 2012 when it shut down with students going to Westport.

I Pity the Fool

"I Pity the Fool" is a 1961 song by Bobby Bland and was taken from his debut studio album "Two Steps from the Blues". It was covered by The Manish Boys featuring David Bowie in 1965.

Föllinge

Föllinge is a locality in Krokom Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 485 people lived there.

Huiakama

Huiakama is a settlement in the Taranaki Region, New Zealand. It is just to the north of Strathmore on State Highway 43. It has a primary school which was founded in 1896.

Strathmore, New Zealand

Strathmore is a settlement in the Taranaki Region, New Zealand. It is east of Stratford on State Highway 43.

Dunnet

Dunnet is a village in Caithness, in the Highland Council Area of Scotland.

Kolyma River

The Kolyma River is a river in northeastern Siberia, Russia. It flows through parts of the Sakha Republic, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, and Magadan Oblast. The Kolyma river starts where the Kulu and Ayan-Yuryakh rivers meet in the Okhotsk-Kolyma Upland. It then flows south in the Upper Kolyma Highlands and north in the Kolyma Lowland, a flat area with many lakes. Finally, it empties into the Kolyma Gulf of the East Siberian Sea. The river is frozen for about 250 days each year, from October to early June.

The Kolyma river is 2,129 kilometers (1,323 miles) long, and its basin covers 647,000 square kilometers (250,000 square miles). The river's average discharge at Kolymskoye is 3,254 cubic meters per second, with a high of 26,201 cubic meters per second in June 1985 and a low of 30.6 cubic meters per second in April 1979.

In 1640, Dimitry Zyryan traveled overland to the Indigirka river in Sakha republic. In 1641, he sailed down the Indigirka, explored the Alazeya river, and encountered the Chukchis for the first time. He returned to the Indigirka in 1643, sent tribute to Yakutsk, and revisited the Alazeya region. In 1645, he was appointed land administrator of the Kolyma region of Siberia. He returned and died in 1646. In 1641–42, Mikhail Stadukhin, with Semyon Dezhnyov, journeyed overland to the upper Indigirka, built boats, sailed down the Indigirka, met Zyryan, and separated. Stadukhin reached the Kolyma region in 1644 and returned to Yakutsk in 1645.

Baron Eduard Von Toll conducted geological surveys in the Kolyma basin in 1892–94 for the Russian Academy of Sciences, covering 25,000 kilometers in a year. The Kolyma is famous for Gulag labor camps and gold mining, depicted in Varlam Shalamov's "The Kolyma Tales." After the camps closed, subsidies and industries declined, leading to migration. Remaining locals now rely on fishing and hunting.

In August 1929, the Nanuk crew visited Kolyma, and in August 1991, the first Americans since then, Wallace Kaufman and Rebecca Clay, traveled from Ziryanka to Green Cape. In February 2012, scientists reported growing plants from 30,000-year-old Silene stenophylla fruit found near the Kolyma River in permafrost.

Lingling District

Lingling District (Chinese: 零陵) is a northern urban district in Yongzhou, Hunan. Famous attractions include Liuzi Temple, Ping Island and Yangmingshan National Forest Park. Hunan Yongzhou No.1 High School is located here. 

Lengshuitan District

Lengshuitan District (Chinese: 冷水滩区) is a northern urban district of Yongzhou that is home to the city's government. 

Windsor, California

Windsor is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

High Hopes (1988 movie)

High Hopes is a 1988 British comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Leigh and starring Phil Davis, Ruth Sheen, Edna Doré, Philip Jackson, Lesley Manville, Heather Tobias, David Bamber, Jason Watkins. It was distributed by Skouras Films.


Vimto

Vimto is a sweet drink created in 1908 in the centre of Manchester by Noel Nichols of Blackburn, Lancashire (1883–1966). He was a wholesaler of herbs, spices and medicines. There was a market for soft drinks because of the temperance movement and the 1908 Licensing Act. It was first sold under the name Vim Tonic, which he shortened to Vimto in 1912. It was registered as a health tonic or medicine, and then re-registered in 1913 as a cordial. In 1910 the business moved to a warehouse at Chapel Street, Salford, then to Old Trafford (1927) and finally (1971) to a state of the art plant in Wythenshawe.
From the 1990s to 2003, Vimto print advertisements used the cartoon character Purple Ronnie, along with slightly rude poems by Giles Andreae, the creator of Purple Ronnie. In 2003, Purple Ronnie was dropped, and a new creative direction was adopted, revolving around the benefits of 'Shlurpling the Purple'. This, in turn, led to the launch in 2006 of Billy and his Dad's Pants – a modern-day morality story in which, despite turning up at the swimming pool with his Dad's pants in the middle of his rolled up towel, Billy wins out with ingenuity and humour. The theme tune 'Dad's Pants' become something of a cult classic, and was based on the Loudon Wainwright III song, "Dead Skunk". A sculpture entitled "A Monument to Vimto" (1992), carved out of an oak tree by Kerry Morrison, is on Granby Row in central Manchester. The sculpture commemorates the fact that Vimto was originally produced on the site.

Grand Terrace, California

Grand Terrace is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States.

Naomie Olindo

Naomie Olindo (born 4 August 1992) is an American television personality and businesswoman. She is best known as a former cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Naomie Olindo was born in Nice, France on 4 August 1992, as the only child of Joel Andre Olindo (1951–2019) and Carole Olindo.

Olindo and her parents emigrated to the United States in 2000, after winning green cards through a lottery. They settled in Charleston, South Carolina.

Olindo graduated from the College of Charleston. She participated in the school's MBA program.

Olindo made her television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a "friend of" from the third to the fifth season. She was upgraded to the main cast for the sixth season. She returned to the main cast for the eighth season.

Olindo co-founded the fashion line L'Abeye in 2018. In October 2022, the company was sued by Virginia "Ginny" Cox, a former co-founder, for fraud, breach of contract, and defamation. The lawsuit was later settled.

Olindo resides in Charleston, South Carolina.

Olindo was in a relationship with Craig Conover between 2014 and September 2017. She was in a relationship with Metul Shah between May 2018 and July 2021. She has been in a relationship since October 2022.

Mammoth Lakes, California

Mammoth Lakes is a town in Mono County, California, United States.

Loomis, California

Loomis is a town in Placer County, California, United States.

Los Altos Hills, California

Los Altos Hills is a town in Santa Clara County, California, United States.

Moraga, California

Moraga is a town in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

San Lorenzo, California

San Lorenzo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alameda County, California, United States.

Alamo, California

Alamo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Ashland, California

Ashland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alameda County, California, United States.

Richard G. Wilkinson

Richard Gerald Wilkinson (born 1943) is a British social epidemiologist, writer, advocate, and left-wing political activist. He is Professor Emeritus of social epidemiology at the University of Nottingham. He retired in 2008. He is also Honorary Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at University College London and Visiting Professor at University of York. In 2009, Richard co-founded The Equality Trust. Richard was awarded a 2013 Silver Rose Award from Solidar for championing equality and the 2014 Charles Cully Memorial Medal by the Irish Cancer Society.

In 1976, his article entitled 'Dear David Ennals' was published in "New Society"; at that time, David Ennals was Secretary of State for Social Services. The article led eventually to the 1980 publication of the Black Report on "Inequalities in Health".

He is best known for his book with his partner Kate Pickett "The Spirit Level", first published in 2009, which argues that societies with more equal distribution of incomes have better health, fewer social problems such as violence, drug abuse, teenage births, mental illness, obesity, and others, and are more cohesive than ones in which the gap between the rich and poor is greater. In 2009 they started the Equality Trust, which campaigns for greater income equality.


Bovril

Bovril is the trademarked name of a thick and salty meat extract paste, similar to a yeast extract, developed in the 1870s by John Lawson Johnston. It is sold in a distinctive bulbous jar and as cubes and granules. Bovril is owned and distributed by Unilever UK. It looks and tastes like British Marmite and its Australian equivalent Vegemite but it is not vegetarian.

Bovril can be made into a drink (referred to in the UK as a "beef tea") by diluting with hot water or, less commonly, with milk. It can be used as a flavouring for soups, broth, stews or porridge, or as a spread, especially on toast in a similar fashion to Marmite and Vegemite.

Christian, Crown Prince of Denmark

Christian, Crown Prince of Denmark, Count of Monpezat (Christian Valdemar Henri John; born 15 October 2005) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the oldest child of King Frederik X and Queen Mary. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II. He is first in the line of succession to the Monarchy of Denmark.

Titles, Styles and Honors

Titles

15 October 2005-29 April 2008: His Royal Highness Prince Christian of Denmark 

29 April 2008-14 January 2024 His Royal Highness Prince Christian of Denmark, Count of Monpezat

14 January 2024-present His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Denmark, Count of Monpezat 

Honors

National Honors 

Orders and Appointments

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (R.E.) (15 October 2023)

Medals and Decorations 

-Prince Henrik's 75th Birthday Medal (11 June 2009)

-Queen Margrethe II's 70th Birthday Medal (16 April 2010)

-Queen Margrethe II's Ruby Jubilee Medal (14 January 2012)

-Queen Margrethe II's 75th Birthday Medal (16 April 2015)

-Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik's Golden Wedding Anniversary Medal (10 June 2017)

-Prince Henrik's Memorial Medal (11 June 2018)

-Queen Margrethe II's 80th Birthday Medal (16 April 2020)

-Queen Margrethe II's Golden Jubilee Medal (14 January 2022)

Foreign Honor

Norway

-Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Olav (15 October 2023)
Makes No Sense at All

"Makes No Sense at All" is a 1985 song by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü. It is from their fourth studio album "Flip Your Wig". It went to number 2 on the UK indie charts.

Gaillac

Gaillac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Garrevaques

Garrevaques is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Garric

Le Garric is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Garrigues, Tarn

Garrigues is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Gijounet

Gijounet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Giroussens

Giroussens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Graulhet

Graulhet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Grazac, Tarn

Grazac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Guitalens-L'Albarède

Guitalens-L'Albarède is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 29 June 2007 from the former communes of Guitalens and Lalbarède.

Guitalens

Guitalens is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. In 2007, it became a part of the new commune of Guitalens-L'Albarède.

Lalbarède

Lalbarède is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. In 2007, it became a part of the new commune of Guitalens-L'Albarède.

Philautus surrufus

The Malindang tree frog or molted tree frog ("Philautus surrufus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it near Mount Malindang between 800 and 2300 meters above sea level.

Itzac

Itzac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Jonquières, Tarn

Jonquières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Jouqueviel

Jouqueviel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labarthe-Bleys

Labarthe-Bleys is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-de-Lévis

Labastide-de-Lévis is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-Dénat

Labastide-Dénat is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Puygouzon.

Puygouzon

Puygouzon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Labastide-Dénat was merged into Puygouzon.

Labastide-Gabausse

Labastide-Gabausse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-Rouairoux

Labastide-Rouairoux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-Saint-Georges

Labastide-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labessière-Candeil

Labessière-Candeil is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Laboulbène

Laboulbène is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Laboutarie

Laboutarie is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Black Stone

The Black Stone is a rock set into the eastern corner of the Kaaba, known as Hajarul aswajd or the stone which jibreal (peace be upon him) took and placed there

Labruguière

Labruguière is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacabarède

Lacabarède is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacapelle-Pinet

Lacapelle-Pinet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacapelle-Ségalar

Lacapelle-Ségalar is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacaune

Lacaune is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacaze

Lacaze is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacougotte-Cadoul

Lacougotte-Cadoul is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacroisille

Lacroisille is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

King Soopers

King Soopers is an American supermarket chain. It is located in the Rocky Mountains of the United States. It started as its own brand, and is now a subsidiary of Kroger. It was founded in 1947. It is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.

Diet Rite

Diet Rite is an American brand of no-calorie soft drinks. It was originally distributed by the RC Cola company. It was introduced in 1955. The brand is now owned by and distributed by Keurig Dr Pepper.

Jolt Cola

Jolt Cola was a carbonated soft drink produced by The Jolt Company, Inc. It was created in 1985 by C. J. Rapp as a highly caffeinated beverage. It was targeted towards students and young professionals, stressing its use as a stimulant in a similar manner as energy drinks.

Winchell's Donuts

Winchell's Donuts is an international doughnut company and coffeehouse chain. It was founded by Verne Winchell on October 8, 1948, in Temple City, California. It has 170 stores in 6 western states, as well as Guam, Saipan, and Saudi Arabia. It is headquartered in the City of Industry, California.

Murder of Craig Sorger

Craig Martin Sorger (February 10, 1990 - February 15, 2003) was a teenager from Ephrata, Washington who was murdered by his then-12-year-old friends Evan Drake Savoie (born 1991) and Jake Lee Eakin (born November 14, 1990).

They were arrested three days later and in 2006 Jake was sentenced to 14 years in prison and Evan was sentenced to 26 years in prison. In 2014 that was reduced to 20 years. 

They are the youngest murder defendants to be charged as adults in Washington state history.

Jake was released in February 2017 and claims to have been born again and is now a anti-abortion activist. However, he was briefly arrested in May 2022 for larceny.

Evan is currently incarcerated and he will be released in 2034.

Belk

Belk is an American department store chain. It was founded in 1888 by William Henry Belk in Monroe, North Carolina. It has 300 locations in 16 states. It is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. Belk stores offer apparel, shoes, accessories, cosmetics, home furnishings, and a wedding registry. 

Benihana

Benihana is an American restaurant company. It was founded by Hiroaki Aoki in New York City in 1964. It is headquartered in Aventura, Florida. It owns or franchises 116 Japanese-influenced restaurants around the world, including its flagship Benihana Teppanyaki brand, as well as the Haru (fusion cuisine) and RA Sushi restaurants.

P.F. Chang's

P.F. Chang's is an American-based, casual dining restaurant chain. It was founded in 1993 by Paul Fleming and Philip Chiang. It has 300 locations in 22 countries. The chain specializes in American Chinese cuisine, plus other Asian dishes.

Phil Buckman

Philip Bradley Buckman (born November 18, 1969) is an American musician and actor. He was the bassist for the rock band Filter from 2010 to 2013. He most recently served as the bassist for Fuel.

2015–16 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2015-16 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 83rd season in club history. They were able to defend their titels in the championship and in the Cup. It was the third double win in a row. In the Championsleague they were defeatet by Malmö FF. In the Europa League play off they lost versus Dinamo Minsk. The U19 team played for the first time in the UEFA Youth League.

American International University-Bangladesh

American International University-Bangladesh (), commonly known by its acronym AIUB, is a private university in Dhaka, Bangladesh. This university was established in 1994 in the capital Dhaka of Bangladesh. It offers several degree programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels from its four faculties.

The university was established in 1994 in Banani, Dhaka as AMA International University Bangladesh, a joint venture between AMA Computer University of the Philippines, and local initiator Anwarul Abedin. Regular academic classes started in 1995. AMA Computer University later left the partnership, and in 2001 the university was renamed American International University-Bangladesh.

The 100 (TV series)

The 100 is an American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama television series. It premieredc on March 19, 2014. The series ended on September 30, 2020. 100 episodes were made. The series follows post-apocalyptic survivors from a space habitat, the Ark, who return to Earth nearly a century after a devastating nuclear apocalypse. The first people sent to Earth are a group of juvenile delinquents who encounter descendants of survivors of the nuclear disaster on the ground.

Chicken Salad Chick

Chicken Salad Chick is a fast casual restaurant chain and franchise of chicken salad restaurants. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. It has 280 restaurants and stores in 19 different U.S. states. It was founded in 2008 by Stacy Brown, who was unemployed, divorced, and raising three children. She started selling her homemade chicken salad door-to-door in Auburn, Alabama. 

Research university

A research university or a research-intensive university is a university that is committed to research as a central part of its mission. Academic research is a fundamental aspect of the mission of a research university, which is a specific type of higher education institution.

Five Below

Five Below is an American chain of specialty discount stores. Its products price most of its products at $5 or less, plus a smaller assortment of products priced up to $25. It was founded in 2002 by Tom Vellios and David Schlessinger. It is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The chain is aimed at tweens and teens.

Big Red (soft drink)

Big Red is a soft drink. It was created in 1937 by Grover C Thomsen and R.H. Roark in Waco, Texas. It was originally known as Sun Tang Red Cream Soda. It is an American variety of cream soda and a special off-brand "blue cream soda". The drink is popular in the Southern United States, known for its unique taste and red color.

Mohammed Assaf

Mohammed Assaf is a singer from Palestine who is well known for winning the second season of the Arabic TV show "Arab Idol", which was filmed by the MBC network. Mohammed winning the show caused a lot of media coverage and was liked by people who supported the Palestinian cause. He was born on the 1st of September 1989 in Libya but his parents moved to the Gaza Strip when he was 4 years old. His singing career started when he was 5 years old because he had a voice that allegedly sounded older.

Humerana

Humerana is a genus of frogs in the family Ranidae. They live in southern and southeastern Asia. Scientists first thought of this genus as a smaller genus inside "Rana" and other scientists saw it as a smaller genus inside "Hylarana".

"Humerana" contains the following species:

Yemeni Jews

Yemeni Jews are Jews who live in or used to live in Yemen and follow the traditions of their ancestors. Many Yemeni Jews have however moved to Israel due to the oppression by the official government of Yemen, oppression by militant groups in Yemen such as Ansar Allah and Al-Qaeda. As of 2023, there is only one known Jew left in the country of Yemen.

Xiaomi Auto

Xiaomi Automobile Co., Ltd or Xiaomi Auto () is a automotive subsidiary of Xiaomi.

MIUI

MIUI is a brand that offers a range of innovative and user-friendly products and services. With MIUI 14, they have brought an enhanced user experience with their new generation of smart and sleek features.

Kufic

The Kufic script is a way of writing Arabic that became popular for writing copies of the Quran with and for decorating various holy buildings. The script is written in a arc style with a horizontal orientation. There many different versions of the script such as square Kufic and floriated Kufic.

Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance

Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance (HIMA) is a revolutionary alliance of intelligent automotive technology, aiming to advance the development of smart automotive technologies with its partners.

The members of the alliance include AITO (Seres Group), Luxeed (Chery), BAIC BluePark (Stelato), and JAC Motors.

AITO (Chinese: 问界汽车) is the brand Huawei collaborates with Seres Group.

Luxeed (Chinese: 智界汽车) is the brand Huawei collaborates with Chery.

Stelato is the brand Huawei collaborates with BAIC BluePark, a subsidiary of BAIC Group.

AITO (marque)

AITO is a brand that brings intelligence to the auto industry, aiming to provide a smarter travel experience. The marque is owned by the Chinese vehicle manufacturer Seres Group and multinational technology corporation Huawei in 2021.

Jacques Lemieux

Jacques Leonard Lemieux (born April 8, 1943) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 19 games in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the Los Angeles Kings.

Before playing in the NHL, Lemieux played in the Central Professional Hockey League (CPHL). He would play 16 regular season games between two seasons with the Omaha Knights. In his second year with them, the Knights made the playoffs. During he playoffs, Lemieux would record two points off of two assists. The next season, Lemieux would move to the Houston Apollos and would play a season with them. 

Lemieux was drafted 85th overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1967 NHL Expansion Draft. He was selected from the Montreal Canadiens. Lemieux would play 16 games with the Kings in his first season. On October 14, 1967, Lemieux would score his first point in the NHL, assisting on a Brian Kilrea goal in a 4-2 win against the Philadelphia Flyers. Lemieux would then split his time between Los Angeles and their AHL farm team Springfield Kings.

He would play a season with the Denver Spurs of the Western Hockey League (WHL) before rejoining the Los Angeles Kings for the playoffs. He would play one game during the playoffs. Lemieux would spend one seasons with the Kings, playing three games with them and recording an assist. He would spend seven games with the Springfield Kings and seven games with the Denver Spurs before ending his professional ice hockey career.

How Many More Years

"How Many More Years" is a 1951 debut single by Howlin' Wolf and was written by Ike Turner. It went to number 4 on the Billboard R&B singles chart and its double-sided hit "Moanin' at Midnight" went to number 10 on the Billboard R&B singles chart.

Big Star

Big Star was an American rock band from Memphis, Tennessee. Alex Chilton (vocals, guitar), Chris Bell (vocals, guitar), Jody Stephens (drums), and Andy Hummel (bass) started the band in 1971.

Tatbir

Tatbir is a ritual done by followers of Shiism to remember Husayn ibn Ali and the Battle of Karbala. It is done using swords or chains and is considered haram by the majority of scholars. It is also seen as cultural to get covered in blood and get it on white clothes or black clothes.

The practice is seen as contested due to modern scholars considering the practice haram and traditional scholars highly encourage the act. (mustahabb) 

Ayatollah Khomeini: 

"No problem in performing this act (tatbir)." "There is no obstacle if it doesn't cause harm, but it shouldn't be practised today."

Halal ✅
Ayatollah Khamenei:

Ali Khamenei, the Supreme Leader of Iran has stated that Tatbir is haram. "Tatbir is a wrongful act ... Tatbir [Qame Zani] is also a fabricated tradition ... Do not practice it, I do not approve. If someone does anything to display their desire to practice Tatbir, I will be deeply disappointed in them."

Haram ❌
Ayatollah Sistani:

Refer to different scholar on issue. "Reviving Hussaini traditions is Mustahabb but one is not allowed to harm the body or the noble reputation of the faith."

No opinion 🆖

Ayatollah Khoei:

Many Grand Ayatollahs state that Ayatollah Khoei allowed tatbir like: Mirza Jawad Tabrezi, Safi Golpaygani, Muhammad Shahroudi, Mofti al-Shia, Sadiq Hussain Shirazi and Taqi Tabatabei Qomi. In a question asked about tatbir with the assumption that it does not harm the person who does it he replied with: "There is no problem in performing such act in itself according to the assumption in the question".

"If blood matam and hitting oneself with chains, which are practiced in Muharram, cause serious harm, or harm or ridicule the religion and sect then it is impermissible."

Halal ✅
Ayatollah Khorsani:

According to Ayatollah Khorsani, tatbir in it's current state is haram but however there is no direct answer if tatbir is 100% halal or haram.

Haram since 2017 ❌

Big Star (disambiguation)

Big Star is an American rock band.

Big Star may also be:


Big Star (Kenny Chesney song)

"Big Star" is a song written by Stephony Smith and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in January 2003 as the fourth single from Chesney's 2002 album "No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems".

The music video was directed by Shaun Silva, and produced by Steve Gainer. It premiered on CMT on January 28, 2003, when CMT named it a "Hot Shot".

Taylor Swift and Kenny Chesney performed the song together twice. The first time was on Swift's Speak Now World Tour during the Nashville, Tennessee show on September 17, 2011.

Adelaide City FC

Adelaide City Football Club, formerly called Adelaide Juventus, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club from Adelaide. It plays in the NPL South Australia.

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Adelaide's Italian community. They gave it the nickname "Juventus" after Juventus FC.

West Adelaide SC

West Adelaide Soccer Club, formerly called West Adelaide Hellas and later the Adelaide Sharks, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club from Adelaide. It plays in the State League 1 South Australia.

The club was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Adelaide's Greek community.

Parramatta Power SC

Parramatta Power Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club from Parramatta, a suburb of Sydney. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL) from 1999 until the league folded in 2004.

The club was backed by the Parramatta Eels rugby league club.

Count of Holland

The counts of Holland ruled over the County of Holland in the Low Countries between the 10th and the 16th century.

Gerolf (r. 880 – 896) 

Dirk I (r. 896 – 931)

Dirk I (r. 931 - 939), 

Dirk II (r. 939 – 988),

Arnulf (r. 988 – 993),

Dirk III (r. 993 – 1039)

Dirk IV (r. 1039 – 1049), 

Floris I (r. 1049 – 1061), 

Dirk V (r. 1061 – 1091), 

Floris II (r. 1091 – 1121), 

Dirk VI (r. 1121 – 1157), 

Floris III (r. 1157 – 1190), 

Dirk VII (r. 1190 – 1203), 

Ada (r. 1203 - 1207), 

Floris II (r. 1203 - 1207), 

William I (r. 1203 – 1222), 

Floris IV (r. 1222 – 1234), 

William II (r. 1234 – 1256), 

Floris V (r. 1256 – 1296), 

John III (r. 1296–1299),

John II 1299–1304

William III 1304-1337

William IV 1337-1345

Margaret I 1345–1354 

William V (r. 1354–1388), 

Albert I (r. 1388–1404), 

"William" VI (r. 1404–1417), 

Jacqueline (r. 1417–1432)

There was a war of succession between uncle (John III, Duke of Bavaria) and niece (Jacqueline, Countess of Hainaut). This war was finally won by Philip the Good in 1433, 

Philip I "the Good" "(r. 1432–1467)"

Charles I "the Bold" (r. 1467–1477)

Mary I "the Rich" (r. 1477–1482)

The county remained in existence as a constituent member state of the Dutch Republic until 1795.

Penrith City SC

Penrith City Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club from Penrith, a suburb of Sydney. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL) from 1984 until 1985.

The club was backed by the Penrith Panthers rugby league club.

Floris II of Holland

Floris II, called Floris the Fat (c. 1085 – 2 March 1121) was the first from the native dynasty of Holland to be called Count of Holland, reigning from 1091 until his death.

Western Suburbs SC (NSW)

Western Suburbs Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club from Sydney. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL) from the league's first season in 1977 until the club maws absorbed by APIA Leichhardt in 1979.

John III of Holland

John III the Pitiless (1374–1425), of the House of Wittelsbach, was first bishop of Liège 1389–1418 and then duke of Bavaria-Straubing and count of Holland and Hainaut 1418–1425.

Football Kingz FC

Football Kingz Football Club was a professional football club from Auckland. The club was the first of its kind in New Zealand.

The club played in the Australian National Soccer League (NSL) from 1999 until the league folded in 2004. The club then became the New Zealand Knights and again played in an Australian league, with the Knights playing in the first A-League season in 2005.

Adam Lowry

Adam Lowry (born March 29, 1993) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is also the current captain of the Jets.

Before playing in the NHL, Lowry played parts of 4 seasons with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL). In his rookie year, Lowry would win the Daryl K. (Doc) Seaman Trophy in his rookie season for the most player of the year. He would miss a portion of the second season when he was out sick with mononucleosis. On May 1, 2013, Lowry was name as the WHL Player of the Year. 

He was drafted 67th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. On April 4, 2013, Lowry would sign a professional tryout contract with the Jets' AHL farm team St. John's IceCaps. He would play 6 games with the IceCaps. On April 16, 2013, Lowry would sign a contract to join the Winnipeg Jets. The Jets would send him back to St. John's. Lowry would help the IceCaps make it to the 2014 Calder Cup Finals. In the finals, the Texas Stars would sweep them to win the championship.

On October 15, 2013, Lowry would make his NHL debut in a 4–2 loss to the Phoenix Coyotes. On October 21, he would score his first goal in the NHL in a 3–1 win against the Carolina Hurricanes.

On July 14, 2016, Lowry would sign a two-year, one-way contract to remain with the Jets. The next season, Lowry would lead the league in defensive zone face-offs with 159. He would end the season by scoring a career-high 15 goals and 14 assists.

Lowry's 2017–18 season would be full of injuries. He would be in and out of the lineup throughout the season with 4 injuries. Lowry would be a major player in the Jets playoff run in 2018. He would help them make it to their first ever Western Conference Final where they would eventually lose to the Vegas Golden Knights four games to one. On July 12, 2018, Lowry would sign a three-year, $8.75 million contract extension with the Jets.

On September 12, 2023, the Winnipeg Jets announced that Lowry would become the team's captain.

Lowry's father Dave was also a professional ice hockey player. Adam was born in St. Louis when his father played for the St. Louis Blues. He would grow up in Calgary, Alberta when his father was the captain of the Calgary Flames.

John II of Holland

John II (1247 – 22 August 1304) was Count of Hainaut, Holland, and Zeeland. John II, born 1247, was the eldest son of John I of Hainaut and Adelaide of Holland.

Falcons 2000 SC

Falcons 2000 Soccer Club, nicknamed the Morwell Falcons, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club from Morwell, Victoria. It plays in the Latrobe Valley Soccer Leagues.

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Gippsland's Italian community.

Dirk VI of Holland

Dirk VI (c. 1114 – 5 August 1157) was Count of Holland between 1121 and 1157, at first, during his minority, under the regency of his mother Petronilla. He was the son of Count Floris II. After his death he was succeeded by his eldest son Floris III.

Floris III of Holland

Floris III (1141 – August 1, 1190) was the count of Holland from 1157 to 1190. He was a son of Dirk VI and Sophia of Rheineck, heiress of Bentheim.

Newcastle Breakers FC

Newcastle Breakers Football Club was an Australian soccer club based in Newcastle. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

Newcastle KB United

Newcastle KB United was an Australian soccer club based in Newcastle. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

Adamstown Rosebud FC

Adamstown Rosebud Football Club is a semi-professional Australian soccer club based in Adamstown, a suburb of Newcastle. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Northern New South Wales (NPL NNSW).

Brisbane City FC

Brisbane City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Newmarket, a suburb of Brisbane. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD).

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Brisbane's Italian community. They gave the club the nickname "i Azzurri" (meaning "the Blues" in Italian), which is also the nickname of Italy's national team. The club's jerseys are blue.

Brisbane Strikers FC

Brisbane Strikers Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bowen Hills, a suburb of Brisbane. It plays in the Football Queensland Premier League (FQPL).

Canberra City FC

Canberra City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bruce, a suburb of Canberra. It plays in the Capital Football State League 1.

Canberra Cosmos FC

Canberra Cosmos Football Club was an Australian soccer club based in Bruce, a suburb of Canberra. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

Brunswick Zebras Football Club

Brunswick Zebras Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Brunswick East, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the Victorian State League 4 (VSL4).

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections with Melbourne's Italian community. The club was originally nicknamed "Juventus" (after Juventus FC).

Brunswick Juventus FC

Brunswick Juventus Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Merri-bek, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the Victoria Premier League 2 (VPL2).

The club was founded as a breakaway club of Brunswick Zebras FC, after a dispute between Italian Australian-backed clubs in Melbourne. The club is nicknamed "Juventus" after the Serie A club Juventus FC.

Carlton SC

Carlton Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club based in Carlton North, a suburb of Melbourne. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

The club had links to the Carlton Blues Australian rules football club.

Dirk VII of Holland

Dirk VII (died 4 November 1203, in Dordrecht) was the count of Holland from 1190 to 1203. He was the elder son of Floris III and Ada of Huntingdon.

Cyrill Demian

Cyrill Demian (1772–1849) was an Austrian-Armenian inventor, Organ maker, and piano maker who on May 6, 1829, along with his sons Karl and Guido, would patent the accordion. This patent would later be granted on May 23, 1829.

Frankston, Victoria

Frankston is a suburb in Melbourne, Victoria. It is in the City of Frankston local government area.

William III of Holland

William the Good (1286 – 7 June 1337) was count of Hainaut (as William I), Avesnes, Holland (as William III), and Zeeland (as William II) from 1304 to his death.

William IV of Holland

William II (1307 – 26 September 1345) was Count of Hainaut from 1337 until his death. He was also Count of Holland (as William IV) and Count of Zeeland. He succeeded his father, Count William I of Hainaut. While away fighting in Prussia, the Frisians revolted. William returned home and was killed at the Battle of Warns.

Margaret I of Holland

Margaret II of Avesnes (1311 – 23 June 1356) was Countess of Hainaut and Countess of Holland (as Margaret I) from 1345 to 1356. She was Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Germany by marriage to Holy Roman Emperor Louis IV the Bavarian.

Gerolf of Holland

Gerolf or Gerulf (c. 850 – 895/896) was the second count of this name who is attested in the area of Friesland (which also included Holland at the time). Gerolf's main area of power seems to have been in Kennemerland. Count Gerolf is often regarded as the founder of the County of Holland,

Masason Foundation

The Masason Foundation is a philanthropic organization dedicated to providing an environment that enables youth with high aspirations and exceptional talents to develop their skills and contribute to the future of humankind.

The Masason Foundation was founded in 2016 by Masayoshi Son, who is the Founder, Chairman, and CEO of SoftBank Group Corp, a Japanese multinational conglomerate. The Vice President of the Masason Foundation is Shinya Yamanaka, a laureate of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

The Foundation conducts the following programs to support emerging youth innovators:


The Foundation comprises 177 members. The following is a distribution of the ages of the members of the Foundation:

Sea World (Australia)

Sea World is a marine mammal park, oceanarium and amusement park located in Main Beach, a suburb of the Gold Coast in Queensland.

Sea World has many attractions, including rides (including many rollercoasters) and several themed areas. Sea World also has many marine animals. The park is also a place where they rescue and help sick marine animals. Some of the animals at Sea World include dolphins, fish, penguins, polar bears, rays, seals, sea lions, sea turtles an sharks.

The park is one of the five Gold Coast theme parks, and is owned by Village Roadshow Theme Parks, the company that also owns two other theme parks on the Gold Coast (Warner Bros. Movie World and Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast).

Despite the park's name, it is not related to the American theme park chain called SeaWorld, which operates three theme parks in the United States and one in the United Arab Emirates.

Gold Coast theme parks

The Gold Coast theme parks is a term that refers to the five big amusement parks on Queensland's Gold Coast.

The five parks are all popular tourist attractions, attracting many visitors from all around the world each year. They are all among the most visited theme parks in Australia.

The parks have been compared to the Disney theme parks in the Northern Hemisphere (called Disneylands). There are currently no Disneylands in the Southern Hemisphere.

In the 1990s, it was proposed that a Disneyland theme park would be opened on the Gold Coast, the first in the Southern Hemisphere. However, Disney eventually cancelled the plan decided to focus on building a Disneyland in Hong Kong instead. The Hong Kong Disneyland opened in 2005.

Attack on the USS Laboon

The following are attacks on the USS "Laboon", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.


Raging Waters Sydney

Raging Waters Sydney, formerly called Wet'n'Wild Sydney, is a waterpark in the suburb of Prospect in Greater Western Sydney.

The park was announced in 2010, began construction in 2011 and was officially opened in 2013. It originally owned by Village Roadshow Theme Parks (who own three theme parks on the Gold Coast), who used the same brand as Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast and several other Wet'n'Wild waterparks around the world.

In 2018, the park was bought by a Spanish company, Parques Reunidos, who renamed it Raging Waters in 2019. The park is the only one outside the United States that is owned and operated by Palace Entertainment, which currently owns 25 attractions (including amusement parks, waterparks and zoos) and hotels across the United States.

Transitional Sovereignty Council of Sudan

The Transitional Sovereignty Council (, 20 August 2019 – 25 October 2021) also called The Fourth Sudanese Sovereignty Council was a military junta that served as the Head of State of Sudan from it's creation in 2019 until it's dissolution in 2021.

The council was first created on 20 August 2019 by Abdel Fattah al-Burhan after he dissolved the Transitional Military Council and where immediately Burhan became the chairman, However, Burhan's role over the new council was weak. Thus, the new council immediately became the head of state of Sudan alongside Burhan.

The council promised to bring peace, stability and prosperity to the country and make Sudan a very safe and secure country. In August 2020, the council along with Burhan signed the Juba Peace Agreement along with the President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir Mayardit. The agreement ended the South Sudanese Civil War and as well as the long and deadly Darfur conflict.

In October 2021, Abdel Fattah al-Burhan led a coup d'état against Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok because Hamdok refused to swear allegiance to Burhan. Immediately after the coup, Burhan announced that he would dissolve the TSC, seize power and declare himself President. The council was eventually dissolved and Burhan immediately seized power and immediately became President.

The members of the TMC were:


Dirk I of Holland

Dirk I was count of West Frisia, later known as the County of Holland. He is thought to have been in office from c. 896 to c. 928 or 939.

Dirk II of Holland

Dirk II or Theoderic II (920/930 – 6 May 988) was a count in West Frisia, and ancestor of the counts of Holland. He was the son and heir of Dirk I and his wife Geva (or Gerberge).

Jacqueline of Holland

Jacqueline ( 15 July 1401 – 8 October 1436), of the House of Wittelsbach, was a noblewoman who ruled the counties of Holland, Zeeland and Hainaut in the Low Countries from 1417 to 1433. She was also Dauphine of France for a short time between 1415 and 1417 and Duchess of Gloucester in the 1420s,

William VI of Holland

William II of Bavaria (5 April 1365—31 May 1417) was Duke of Bavaria-Straubing and count of Holland

Albert I of Holland

Albert I, Duke of Lower Bavaria (25 July 1336 – 13 December 1404), was a feudal ruler of the counties of Holland, Hainaut, and Zeeland in the Low Countries.

William V of Holland

William I, Duke of Bavaria-Straubing ( 12 May 1330 – 15 April 1389, Le Quesnoy), was the second son of Emperor Louis IV and Margaret II of Hainaut. He was also known as William V, Count of Holland, as William III, Count of Hainaut and as William IV, Count of Zeeland.

Arnulf of Holland

Arnulf, also known as Arnoud or Arnold, succeeded his father in 988 as Count of Frisia, which by around AD 1100 would come to be referred to as the county of Holland. He was born in 951 in Ghent

Dirk III of Holland

Dirk III (also called "Dirik" or "Theodoric") was the count with jurisdiction over what would become the county of Holland, often referred to in this period as "West Frisia", from 993 to 27 May 1039.

Dirk IV of Holland

Dirk IV (ca. 1020/1030 – 13 January 1049) was Count of Holland from 1039 to 1049 (which was called Frisia at that time). Dirk's date of birth is unknown but it was probably ca. 1030 or shortly before,

Floris I of Holland

Floris I (born c. 1017 in Vlaardingen – 28 June 1061) was count of Holland, then called Frisia west of the Vlie, from 1049 to 1061.

Dirk V of Holland

Dirk V (1052 – June 17, 1091) was Count of Holland (called Frisia at that time) from 1061 to 1091.

Munawwar Rana

Munawwar Rana (Hindi: मुनव्वर राणा, 26 November 1952 – 14 January 2024) was an Indian Urdu poet. He has also published several "Ghazals".
Munawwar Rana was born in Raebareli in Uttar Pradesh, India in 1952. His relatives, maternal grandmother and maternal grandmother, migrated to Pakistan at the time of Partition of India. But his father, due to his love for India, made India his home. Later his family shifted to Kolkata, West Bengal.

He was honored with the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2014 for "Shahdaba", a poem written by him. But, one year later he returned the award and promised to never again accept a government award due to rising intolerance in the country leading to state sponsored communalism. His daughter, Sumaiya Rana is also a member of the Samajwadi Party (SP), led by Akhilesh Yadav.

Rana died from throat cancer on 14 January 2024. He was aged 71 at the time of his death.


Hinton train collision

The Hinton train collision happened on February 8, 1986 in the town of Dalehurst, Alberta at approximately 08:40 am MST. It happened after the crew of a freight train didn't stop the train for a reason not known and the caboose conductor didn't stop the train. This caused their train to crash head on with a passenger train on the same track. In the disaster, 23 people were confirmed dead and 71 were injured.

The Hinton collision was the deadliest rail disaster in Canada since the Dugald rail accident in 1947. It would be surpassed in 2013 by the Lac-Mégantic rail disaster

In an investigation done by the Canadian government, Justice René P. Foisy would lead a 56-day public inquiry. The investigation would conclude that culture of railroading was to blame, rather than any single person. Intoxication was ruled out as a cause. Jack Hudson, the engineer of the Canadian National Railway freight train was a known heavy smoker, alcoholic and suffered from many health problems. This put him at risk of operating the train and having a heart attack or stroke. The commission put in charge of investigating the crash criticised CN Rail. They said that the company shouldn't have hired Hudson when they knew he had so many health issues. The commission also criticised the lack of communication between Hudson and the caboose conductor Wayne "Smitty" Smith, saying the Smith should have pulled the emergency brake. Smith would testify that he didn't think the train was out of control at the time.

The crash was featured in a season 3 episode of "Mayday" titled "Head On Collision".

Dylan Minnette

Dylan Christopher Minnette (born December 29, 1996) is an American actor and musician. He is known for his role as Clay Jensen in the Netflix drama series "13 Reasons Why".

Minnette was born in Evansville, Indiana, the only child of Robyn and Craig Minnette. The family moved to Champaign, Illinois, where they lived for five years, and later moved to Los Angeles, California, so that he could pursue a career in acting.

Cican Stankovic

Cican Stanković ( born 4 November 1992) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as goalkeeper for AEK Athens in the Greece highest league. He is born in the Bosnia and Herzegovina but plays for the Austria national team.
Till 2007 he played in the youth ranks of different clubs in Lower Austria. 2007 he came to SV Horn. There he played in the first team from 2011 to 2013. 2013 he went on to SV Grödig which was promoted to the Bundesliga then. From 2015 to 2021 he played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. After six years in Salzburg Stankovic moved to Greece to AEK Athens . He received a contract that runs until June 2025. 
Stankovic made his debut for the Austrian U-21 team in June 2014 against the Czech Republic. In May 2018 he was called up to the senior national team squad for the first time. He made his debut in September 2019. He was in the starting line-up in the European Championship qualifier against Latvia. 

St-Hilaire train disaster

The St-Hilaire train disaster happened on June 29, 1864 in the town of Otterburn Park, near Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec at approximately 01:20 am EST. It happened after the crew of a train ignored a stop signal and ended up calling through an open bridge. 

In the disaster, 99 people were believed to be dead and 100 were injured. The St-Hilaire train disaster remains to this day, the deadliest rail disaster in Canadian history.

During an investigation into the incident, engineer William Burnie and conductor Thomas Finn had both ignored a stop signal and proceeded to cross the bridge anyways. This was against the safety laws in the country. The train would call through the open bridge and sink 10 feet into the river below. Burnie escaped while 99 other, along with Finn, died.

On July 16, 1864, Burnie was convicted of negligence and a jury sentenced him to 10 years in prison. Full responsibility would be placed on Grand Trunk Railway by a grand jury on October 5, 1864. They said that Grand Trunk Railway was negligent and mainly responsible for the disaster. The company would only be given a reprimand as punishment.

Lev Rubinstein

Lev Semyonovich Rubinstein (; 19 February 1947 – 14 January 2024) was a Russian poet, essayist and social activist. 
Born on 19 February 1947 in Moscow to Jewish parents, Rubinstein studied philology at Moscow Pedagogical Institute for Correspondence Studies (now: Sholokhov Moscow State University for Humanities). 
He was a founder and member of Moscow Conceptualism.

Rubinstein was hit by a car in Moscow on 8 January 2024, and died of his injuries on 14 January, at the age of 76.

Rubinstein's work has been translated in four English-language books:


Hamza Shahbaz Sharif

Mian Muhammad Hamza Shahbaz (Urdu, Punjabi: میاں حمزہ شہباز; born 6 September 1974) is a Pakistani politician, businessman, and the eldest son of former Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif. He served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from September 2018 to April 2022, and resumed this role on 20 October 2022 and continued until the dissolution of the assembly. He briefly held the position of Chief Minister of Punjab from 30 April 2022 to 2 May 2022. His tenure as a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab spanned from August 2018 to January 2023. Prior to this, he was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2008 to May 2018.
Hamza, as the eldest of four children, was born to Shehbaz Sharif on September 6, 1974. His mother, Nusrat Shehbaz, is not only Shehbaz Sharif’s cousin but also his first wife, with their marriage taking place in 1973.

After completing his undergraduate studies at Government College, Hamza continued his education by earning an LLB (Honours) from the London School of Economics. He managed the family business during their period of exile.

It has been suggested that Hamza has been married three times. One of these alleged marriages was to Ayesha Ahad Malik in 2010, a claim which Hamza has refuted. In 2012, he tied the knot with Rabia Hamza. When he submitted his nomination papers in 2018, he included the details of his two wives, Mehrunissah Hamza and Rabia Hamza.

A&amp;W Cream Soda

A&W Cream Soda is a cream soda carbonated soft drink made by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was introduced by A&W Root Beer in 1986. It is currently the top brand in cream sodas. In 2017, the product was reformulated to be caffeine free.

Priscilla Chan (philanthropist)

Priscilla Chan is a pediatrician and philanthropist. She is also known for being the wife of Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and CEO of Facebook. Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg are actively involved in various charitable initiatives through the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, focusing on education, science, and issues related to social justice.

Faygo

Faygo is a soft drink company. It is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan. It is owned by the National Beverage Corporation. It was started in Detroit, Michigan in 1907 as Feigenson Brothers Bottling Works. The beverages produced by the company, branded as Faygo or Faygo Pop, are distributed in the Midwestern, Mid-Atlantic, and Central Southern regions of the United States, as well as southern and western Canada.

Shasta (soft drink)

Shasta is an American soft drink manufacturer. It markets a value-priced soft drink line with a wide variety of soda flavors, as well as a few drink mixers. The company name is derived from Mount Shasta in northern California and the associated Shasta Springs.

Dippin' Dots

Dippin' Dots is an ice cream snack. It was invented by Curt Jones in 1988. It is created by flash freezing ice cream mix in liquid nitrogen. It is made by Dippin' Dots, Inc., headquartered in Paducah, Kentucky.

Inca Kola

Inca Kola is a soft drink. It was created in Peru in 1935 by British immigrant Joseph Robinson Lindley. The soda has a sweet, fruity flavor that somewhat resembles its main ingredient, lemon verbena. The Coca-Cola Company owns the Inca Kola trademark everywhere but in Peru.

Blue Bell Creameries

Blue Bell Creameries is an American food company. It manufactures ice cream. It was founded in 1907. It is based in Brenham, Texas. For much of its early history, the company manufactured both ice cream and butter locally. In the mid-20th century, it abandoned butter production and expanded to the entire state of Texas and soon much of the Southern United States.

Conversion to Islam

Conversion to Islam means accepting Islam as your religion and not following any other religion or belief. To convert, a person needs to declare the Shahādah, the Muslim profession of faith, stating, "There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah" (Arabic: أَشْهَدُ أَن لا إِلٰهَ إلَّا الله و أَشْهَدُ أَنَ مُحَمَّدًا رَسُول الله). In Islam, it is believed that everyone is born Muslim.

Circumcision (khitan) is a cultural practice in Islam, not mentioned in the Quran but in hadith. Most clerical opinions state that circumcision is not necessary when someone enters the Muslim faith.

Dawah means inviting or calling people to embrace Islam. In Islam, it's about inviting both Muslims and non-Muslims to understand and follow the worship of God as described in the Qur'an and the teachings of Muhammad. Da'wah, the "Call towards God," started with Muhammad, who spread the message of the Quran to humanity. After him, his followers and the Muslim community took on the responsibility of continuing this message. They share information about why and how the Qur'an emphasizes monotheism. Muhammad believed that Islam was the true religion, and his mission as the final prophet was to invite the entire world to embrace Islam. He even wrote to non-Muslim rulers, inviting them to convert.

Counting how many people convert to a religion is hard. Some censuses ask about religion, but not if someone converted. In some places, converting is tough because of laws or social issues, like the death penalty for leaving Islam in some countries. There isn't much data on how many people convert to or leave Islam.

A 2011 study by Pew Research suggests that religious conversion doesn't change the global Muslim population much. Another study in 2015 predicts a small gain of 3.22 million Muslims through conversion by 2050. Islam would be the second-largest religion gaining followers through conversion, after the religiously unaffiliated group.

In the U.S., about 25% of Muslims are converts, and it's estimated that around 20,000 Americans convert to Islam every year. The number of U.S. converts to Islam is similar to those leaving, which is different from other religions.

Globally, Islam has more converts than people leaving, with about 420,000 more converting between 2015 and 2020. However, more people switch from "religious" to "unaffiliated." People changing religions might not affect the growth of the Muslim population much.

In the UK, around 5,000 people convert to Islam annually, and many of them are women. Conversions have doubled in the past 25 years in France. In the U.S., African Americans make up a significant portion of Muslim converts.

Looking ahead, modest gains through religious conversion are expected for Muslims, with most of these gains happening in Sub-Saharan Africa.


BAIC BluePark

BAIC BluePark (北汽蓝谷;BAIC BJEV (Beijing Electric Vehicle Co.) is a Chinese automotive company specializing in the production of electric vehicles. Established in 2009, BAIC BJEV is a subsidiary of the BAIC Group, one of China's largest state-owned automobile and machinery manufacturers.

Arcfox (极狐汽车) is BAIC's premium EV brand operated by BAIC BluePark, established in 2017.

With the Beijing Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (BAIC BJEV) was reconsolidated into BAIC BluePark, the battery electric vehicle of Beijing brand, like Beijing EU5, Beijing EU7, are also operated by BAIC BluePark at present.


Nio Inc.

Nio Inc. (; stylized as NIO) is an electric vehicle (EV) manufacturer that was founded in 2014. The company's main goal is to shape a joyful lifestyle for its customers by offering high-performance, premium electric vehicles.

Party City

Party City is an American publicly traded retail chain of party stores. It was founded in 1986 by Steve Mandell in East Hanover, New Jersey. It is the largest retailer of party goods in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. The company operates over 850 company-owned and franchise outlets in over 70 countries around the world under the Party City, Halloween City, Toy City, Factory Card and Party Outlet brands. 

Ace Hardware

Ace Hardware is an American hardware retailers' cooperative. It is based in Oak Brook, Illinois, United States. It is the largest non-grocery retail cooperative in the United States. Founded in 1924 as "Ace Stores", the company changed its name to "Ace Hardware Corporation" in 1931.

Seres Group

SERES Group is a technology-driven manufacturing enterprise that was founded in 1986. With over 16,000 employees, SERES is a leading A-share listed company and one of China's top 500 enterprises.

Seres is a brand of electric vehicle owned by Seres Group. Since 2023, Seres brand has shifted to export brand while AITO became a domestic only brand.

AITO is a brand that collaborates with Huawei for smart electric vehicle. Huawei is leads in the design of AITO models while Seres conducts in production. 

The AITO brand was owned by Seres but was acquired by Huawei in June 2023.
Landian is Seres brand for budget electric vehicles which unveiled in March 2023. The word Landian literally means blue electricity (蓝电) in Chinese.

Fengon (or DFSK Glory for foreign markets) formerly known as Dongfeng Fengguang (东风风光), is the sub-brand of Seres that produces passenger vehicles. Established in 2008, Fengon brand targets at affordable compact MPVs and SUVs. It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dongfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022.
The DFSK is a brand of Seres' that produces light commercial vehicles. It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dongfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022. 

CATL

Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. Limited (), abbreviated as CATL, is a global leader in lithium-ion battery development and manufacturing. The company specializes in advancing the research, production, and sales of new energy vehicle power battery systems and energy storage systems. CATL is dedicated to providing cutting-edge solutions for global new energy applications, contributing to the development of renewable energy sources. With a focus on innovation, the company strives to empower customers by delivering high-quality products and services. CATL values its employees and seeks to provide them with a platform for personal and professional growth. Committed to customer satisfaction, the company's team works tirelessly to resolve any issues faced by their clients. CATL's passion for technology leadership and unwavering commitment to quality make them a trusted brand in the industry.

Meat-Shaped Stone

The Meat-Shaped Stone () is a piece of jasper carved into the shape of a piece of Dongpo pork, which is a popular Chinese way of cooking pork belly. It is part of the collection of the National Palace Museum in Taipei, Taiwan. It is not very important to art history, but it is very popular.

The "Meat-Shaped Stone" has been called the "most famous masterpiece" at the National Palace Museum. It, the Jadeite Cabbage and the Mao Gong Ding are called the Three Treasures of the National Palace Museum. The Three Treasures used to be other works that were not displayed as often, before it was changed to mean the current Three Treasures. It has also been picked by the public as the most important item in the museum's collection.

The stone was carved during the Qing dynasty. It was made from banded jasper. The layers of the stone were naturally built over the years. They have various hues.

BAIC Group

Beijing Automotive Group Co., Ltd. (BAIC Group), headquartered in Beijing, is a leading enterprise in China's automotive industry. It has grown into a large conglomerate with a business that encompasses the entire automotive industry chain, including vehicle and component research, development, and manufacturing, automotive service trading, comprehensive mobility services, finance, and investment. With annual revenue exceeding 500 billion CNY, BAIC Group ranks 124th on the Fortune Global.

BAIC Motor (北京汽车) is the main subsidiary of BAIC Group, it is co-owned by BAIC Group and Beijing Municipal Government. It currently operate the Beijing brand

BAIC BluePark (北汽蓝谷) is BAIC Group's subsidiary mainly engaged in the design, research and development and sales of electric automobiles. BAIC BluePark was restructured from its current subsidiary, Beijing Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (BAIC BJEV). The company currently operate the brands of Arcfox and EV models of Beijing brand.

Beijing Off-road Vehicles (北京越野) used to be a department under BAIC Group, run by the fully owned subsidiary BAIC Group Off-road Vehicle Co., Ltd.

In January 2020, BAIC announced the independence of Beijing Off-road brand. The Beijing Off-road was independently operated, including development and sales channels, but shares the marque "BEIJING" with BAIC Motor (北京汽车) brand together. The current Beijing Off-road models badged in Chinese name "北京".

BAIC Foton (北汽福田), also known as Foton Motor or Foton, is a subsidiary of BAIC Group that designs and manufactures trucks, buses and sport utility vehicles .

BAIC has a wide product line that includes passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, military vehicles and agricultural machinery and construction machinery.

The Beijing brand is the main passenger vehicle brand of BAIC, operated by multiple subsidiaries of BAIC Group according to different focus. They all share the same BEIJING badges and logos.


Arcfox (极狐汽车) is BAIC's premium EV brand operated by BAIC BluePark, established in 2017.

Beijing (北京汽车) is BAIC Motor's major brand, revived in 2020 after BAIC Group discontinued its Senova brand. All the former Senova vehicles were renamed to Beijing brand since then. Beijing Motor will reorganize the product layout of its three major series in 2023. That is to say, it will focus on the main channel of SUVs, supplemented by sedans and crossovers, including multiple levels and multiple power sources.

Beijing Off-road (北京越野), operated by the fully owned subsidiary, the BAIC Group Off-road Vehicle Co., Ltd., The Beijing Off-road used to be a department of BAIC Motor, but later was acquired back into BAIC Group and independently operated since 2019. The Beijing Off-road models are badged as Chinese characters "北京"(Beijing).

The current Beijing Off-road models badged in Chinese name "北京".

With the Beijing Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (BAIC BJEV) was reconsolidated into BAIC BluePark, the battery electric vehicle of Beijing brand, like Beijing EU5, Beijing EU7, are also operated by BAIC BluePark at present. 

Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd. (Foton Motor) is a subsidiary of BAIC which designs and manufactures trucks, buses, sport utility vehicles, and agricultural machinery. It is headquartered in Changping, Beijing.

Ruili is a sub-division of BAIC. They produce their vehicles under the Doda brand.

In 2012, Changhe Automobile was acquired by BAIC Group and became a subsidiary. It began to introduce products based on BAIC's platform.

Beijing Automobile Works Co., Ltd. (BAW) (北汽制造), which produces light off-road vehicles, trucks, and military vehicles, used to be a subsidiary of BAIC Group but was sold to private sector since 2015.

The Beijing Light Automobile Company (BLAC), until 1988 the Beijing Automobile Factory No. 2, started in the late 1960s when production of the independently developed BJ130 began. Its introduction was slowed considerably by the upheavals of the Cultural revolution. In 1984, assembly of the Isuzu Elf/NHR began (originally as the BJ136, later as the BJ1030/1040/1050 series). In 1988, a new plant for these trucks was built with aid from the Japanese, and petrol and diesel light truck engines were also produced. BLAC went bankrupt in 2002.
Like many other peers, BAIC has several joint ventures with foreign automakers—including two with Daimler AG.

Beijing Hyundai Motor Co., Ltd. is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Beijing, China, and is a 50:50 joint-venture between BAIC Motor and Hyundai Motor Company.

The Beijing Benz is joint venture between BAIC Motor and German automaker Daimler AG.

Beijing Foton Daimler Automobile Co., Ltd. is a joint venture between Daimler and a BAIC subsidiary, Foton Motor, which makes commercial trucks.

Huansu is a brand under Beiqi Yinxiang Automobile, a joint venture between Beijing Auto (Beiqi) and the Yinxiang Group from Chongqing.

Weiwang is a brand under Beiqi Yinxiang Automobile, a joint venture between Beijing Auto (Beiqi) and the Yinxiang Group from Chongqing. 
Beijing Jeep Corporation became China's first Sino-western automotive joint venture when it was established in 1984 with American Motors Corporation. Beijing Jeep subsequently became Beijing Benz-DaimlerChrysler Automotive Co Ltd and then Beijing Benz Automotive Co Ltd.

OnePlus 6

The OnePlus 6 is an smartphone made by OnePlus. It was unveiled on 2 May 2018 and went on sale on 21-22 May 2018.

Beauty Obásuyi

Beauty Obasuyi (born 10 July 1985) is a Canadian Chef. She is the founder of an African restaurant, Naija Jollof. She is known for her philanthropic contributions to Nigerian community in Canada.

Obasuyi was born in Benin City, Nigeria. Later in 2009 she moved to Canada with her family. She started her career as a real estate agent. In 2018, Obasuyi founded Naija Jollof, An African restaurant in Westwood. In recent years the restaurant has gained recognition through social media. Recently Obasuyi is attempting to break the Guinness World Record for "'Longest Cooking Marathon"' which was set by an Irish chef, Alan Fisher.

Chery

Chery Automobile Co. Ltd., trading as Chery (), is one of the leading automobile manufacturers in China. Founded in 1997, Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. The company's main campus, Chery Industrial Park, covers an area of 13.5 square kilometers and houses various facilities including a research and development center, manufacturing plants, and vehicle testing tracks. Chery offers a wide range of products, including passenger cars, electric vehicles, and commercial vehicles. With a focus on innovation and technological advancements, Chery has developed several successful models such as the Chery Tiggo compact SUV, Chery Arrizo 5 compact sedan, and Chery eQ electric car. The company also produces engines and auto parts, showcasing its comprehensive capabilities in the automotive industry. On a global scale, Chery has established a strong presence in over 80 countries and regions. The company has successfully set up production bases and sales networks in various countries, including Brazil, Egypt, Iran, Malaysia, and Russia. Chery has also ventured into notable joint ventures and partnerships, such as Chery Jaguar Land Rover in China and Qoros Auto Co., Ltd., a joint venture with Israel Corporation. In terms of market position, Chery has become one of China's largest automobile exporters, exporting vehicles to numerous countries across the globe. The company has consistently achieved strong sales, with its global sales exceeding 700,000 vehicles in multiple years. Chery faces fierce competition from both domestic and international automotive manufacturers but has retained a competitive edge through its focus on innovation, quality, and cost-effectiveness. In recent years, Chery has made significant advancements in electric vehicle technology and has expanded its electric vehicle lineup. The company has also strengthened its presence in the Chinese market by launching new models that cater to changing consumer preferences and demands. As of the latest available information, Chery continues to thrive in the global market, actively expanding its business and exploring new opportunities. The company's commitment to innovation and its ability to adapt to market trends will likely contribute to its continued growth and success. 1997





Exeed (星途) is Chery's premium brand for passenger vehicles, introduced in September 2017.

Jetour (捷途) is Chery's budget brand launched in 2018 under Chery Commercial Vehicle. 
iCar is Chery's EV brand targeting at young customers, launched in April 2023. CATL announced that they will be incorporating their sodium-ion batteries into the Chery iCar.
Luxeed is Chery's premium EV brand in cooperation with Huawei. The first car, a premium electric executive sedan unveiled in November 9th, 2023, and would be the first car to have the Harmony OS 4 system on board.

Karry Auto is a Chinese market only brand founded by Chery in 2009. It specializes in the production of light commercial vehicles and people carriers for passenger transport. Some of the products created for Karry are marketed overseas under different marques by Chery.

Chery markets its vehicles overseas under these brands Jaecoo and Omoda.

Riich brand was discontinued in 2012.
Rely was Chery's brand focused on premium commercial vehicles. It was discontinued in 2012.
Chery operates car-making joint ventures with Jaguar Land Rover and Israel Corporation, and automotive component-manufacturing joint ventures with Arvin Meritor, Johnson Controls, and PPG Industries.

In March 2012, Chery and the UK-based luxury automaker Jaguar Land Rover agreed to invest an initial US$2.78 billion in a new China-based joint venture that will sell and manufacture Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles and engines, as well as establish a research and development facility and create a new "own-brand" automobile marque. The joint venture received regulatory approval in September 2012. An initial production base will be built in Changshu, a county-level city close to Shanghai.

In 2013 Chery began manufacturing a redesigned MOKE revival. The design evokes the classic Mini Moke built from 1964 until 1993.

Its first car-making joint venture with a foreign firm, Qoros was established by Chery in cooperation with Israel Corporation in 2007, and planned to begin sales in 2013. Set to unveil a sedan atop a brand-new platform at the 2013 Shanghai Auto Show, Qoros' debut models will not be electric vehicles (as some sources may have reported). A proposed production base for the venture will be built in Changshu, Jiangsu province, and become operational in 2012. Production capacity will be 150,000 units a year, but the location may not run at full capacity until 2015 or 2016. While Qoros professes its desire to sell to young city dwellers in China and Europe, The company does have plans to include electric vehicles in its lineup.

Higher-end Qoros cars are built with components and systems from foreign suppliers such as American Visteon and French Valeo. Its engine design also required assistance from a foreign firm, and Qoros has attracted western talent including former employees of Volkswagen and Mini. It has sites in Austria and Germany as of 2012.

Although initially known as Chery Quantum Auto Co Ltd, its legal name is now Qoros Auto Co Ltd. The eponymous brand name sounds like the English word "chorus".

Exeed

Exeed (; stylized in all caps) is an exceptional luxury vehicle brand that was owned by Chery.


Omoda

OMODA is a pioneering automotive brand that is shaping the future of transportation. The Marque is owned by Chery.

Luxeed

Luxeed is a marque owned between Chery and Huawei (with Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance).

Hires Root Beer

Hires Root Beer was an American brand of root beer. It was manufactured by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was introduced in 1876. It was one of the longest continuously made soft drinks in the United States. As of 2023, the Keurig Dr. Pepper web page no longer lists Hires among its list of brands on the all products listing search on its website.

Seres (automobiles)

SERES is a leading brand in the development of intelligent electric vehicles, with a wide range of products aimed at providing sustainable transportation solutions for everyone. With a focus on continuous innovation, SERES is not only dedicated to enhancing its products but also expanding its global reach. 

In January 2016, the startup 'SF Motors' was founded in the Californian city of Santa Clara, which was created on the initiative of the Chinese concern Sokon Group. The goal was to develop electric cars with both home markets in mind: United States and China. At the end of 2016, former co-founder of Tesla Motors, Martin Eberhard, joined the company's team. In September 2017, the Chinese government approved the production of electric cars in the country. In the same year, SF Motors also expanded its presence in the United States, establishing cooperation with University of Michigan in the field of autonomous car technology, and acquiring the former AM General plant in Mishawaka as one of the company's two future vehicle manufacturing facilities.

In March 2018, SF Motors unveiled its first two prototypes previewing the formulation of its future range of production electric cars, SF6 and SF7. A year later, in April 2019, the startup announced that it was changing its name to Seres, while presenting the first production car - the Seres SF5 crossover. In July of the same year, Seres announced the suspension of plans to debut on the American market, as well as the dismissal of 90 employees in United States due to the unsatisfactory financial results of the startup's Chinese branch.

In April 2021, Seres presented the result of cooperation with the Chinese giant of the electronics industry Huawei - a modernized variant of the SF5 model. The partner was responsible for the infotainment and sound system, as well as the new generation hybrid drive. Distribution of the vehicle started in the same month in selected Huawei showrooms in China. Already in 2022, the car completely disappeared from the Chinese market, after changes in styling, it was further sold under the new Aito brand as Aito M5. At the same time, under the new name Seres 5, the vehicle remained in production under the parent brand, from then on being an export product on selected global markets. 

The first region outside China where Seres cars went on sale was Europe, however, initially it was done only on the initiative of private, independent companies. In December 2020, the Dutch company Green Mobility Group Europe started official distribution and sales of the Seres brand on the first export market, in Netherlands. The vehicle that created this offer was the brand's second production model - the city electric crossover Seres 3 which is a similar design to the Dongfeng Fengon E3 model offered in China. Shortly after its debut on the Dutch market, the market range of the Seres 3 model was also expanded to include the neighboring German market. In this market, its distribution was handled by the local company INDIMO Automotive GmbH. In September 2021, thanks to the international company Busnex, Seres 3 went on sale also in Poland. 

Less than 3 years after the launch of the first Seres for export, in the second half of 2023, the company officially started operating as an authorized distributor of its vehicles, initially in three large regions, when, apart from the previously known "3", the larger "5" and "7" were also presented in a modernized form. In October, Seres began operations in Brazil, in turn, in the meantime, the company also launched distribution in Indonesia, presenting another model there - an electric microcar E1, borrowed from the Chinese range of sister brand Fengon.

Seres is a brand of electric vehicle owned by Seres Group. Since 2023, Seres brand has shifted to export-focus brand while AITO became a domestic only brand.

AITO is a brand Seres Automobile collaborates with Huawei for smart electric vehicle. Huawei is leads in the design of AITO models while Seres conducts in production. It is only operated in Chinese market.

The AITO brand was owned by Seres but was owned by Huawei in June 2023.

Landian is Seres brand for budget electric vehicles which unveiled in March 2023. The word Landian literally means blue electricity (蓝电) in Chinese.

Alcatel

Alcatel Mobile, also known as Alcatel, is a Chinese mobile phone brand that is a subsidiary of TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited. The company's history can be traced back to 2004 when it was established as a joint venture between TCL Corporation and Alcatel-Lucent. TCL Corporation, a Chinese multinational electronics company, entered into a licensing agreement with Alcatel-Lucent to use the Alcatel brand for its mobile phones. This joint venture allowed TCL Corporation to tap into Alcatel-Lucent's expertise in telecommunications while leveraging its own manufacturing capabilities. Alcatel's headquarters is located in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, China. From there, the company operates its research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities. The headquarters serves as the main hub for Alcatel's global operations. Alcatel primarily offers mobile phones and smartphones to consumers worldwide. Their product lineup includes a range of devices, from entry-level smartphones to high-end flagship models. Additionally, the company also manufactures tablets and other mobile accessories. On a global scale, Alcatel operates in numerous countries, including key markets such as Europe, North America, and Asia. The company has established subsidiaries and partnerships to strengthen its presence in various regions. Notably, Alcatel has collaborated with mobile network operators and distributors to expand its market reach and enhance distribution channels. In terms of market position, Alcatel has gained recognition as a competitive player in the mobile phone industry. The brand has experienced significant growth and has carved a niche for itself in the affordable smartphone segment. While facing tough competition from other Chinese manufacturers, Alcatel has managed to establish a loyal customer base through its cost-effective devices and innovative features. Major events in Alcatel's growth include its acquisition by TCL Corporation in 2005, which provided the company with additional resources and support for expansion. The launch of their popular OneTouch series of smartphones also contributed to their success and brand recognition. As for the current status of Alcatel, the latest updates indicate that TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited, the parent company of Alcatel, has announced its plans to rebrand Alcatel to TCL in a strategic move to consolidate its smartphone business. This rebranding aims to align the brand's image and strengthen the synergy between TCL's various product lines. In conclusion, Alcatel Mobile is a Chinese mobile phone brand that has gained recognition for its affordable smartphones and tablets. With a global presence and a strong market position, the brand continues to expand its offerings and adapt to the evolving smartphone market. The company's latest strategic move to rebrand demonstrates its commitment to growth and synergy within the TCL ecosystem.
Mobileye

Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that specializes in developing advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving solutions. Founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram, the company is headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel. Mobileye's main products and services include camera-based systems that provide computer vision and machine learning capabilities to enable vehicles to perceive their surroundings and make intelligent decisions. These systems, known as EyeQ chips, are used by automotive manufacturers worldwide to enhance the safety and efficiency of their vehicles. Mobileye's technology can detect pedestrians, vehicles, traffic signs, and other objects, helping drivers avoid collisions and stay on the road. On a global scale, Mobileye has established strong partnerships and collaborations with various automotive companies. One of its noteworthy partnerships is with Intel, which acquired the company in 2017. Together, Mobileye and Intel are working on developing and deploying autonomous driving technology in a range of vehicle types, including cars, buses, and trucks. Mobileye also has collaborations with BMW, Volkswagen, Nissan, and numerous other automotive manufacturers. With its innovative technology and extensive partnerships, Mobileye has secured a leading position in the ADAS market. Its products are widely used in both consumer vehicles and commercial fleets, contributing to the company's global sales growth. Mobileye's market position has been further strengthened by its investments in research and development, as well as its continuous efforts to improve and expand its product lineup. In recent years, Mobileye has made notable advancements in autonomous driving technology. It has undertaken several major initiatives, such as the deployment of self-driving taxis in Tel Aviv, Israel, in collaboration with the local authorities. This initiative showcases Mobileye's commitment to enabling safe and efficient autonomous driving on a large scale. As of the latest information available, Mobileye continues to thrive as a leading provider of ADAS and autonomous driving solutions. Its focus on innovation, strategic partnerships, and global market expansion has positioned the company for further growth and success in the automotive industry.

JAC Group

JAC Group (; officially Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Corp.,Ltd.) is a state owned manufacturer owned by JAG. Jianghuai Automobile Group offers a wide range of products and services under the brand name JAC. JAC specializes in the production of passenger cars and commercial vehicles, with a focus on providing quality and reliable transportation solutions. Their lineup includes various models such as the JAC iEV, A5 PLUS, X6, X7, and E40X, among others. These vehicles are designed to meet the needs of different customers.

JAC as the main brand, has gone through multiple transition during last decades. Originally, JAC has several products line. The Heyue for sedans, hatchbacks, MPVs, and SUVs, the Refine for large MPVs/minivans and vans.

In 2017, the Heyue series was discontinued and the final models were replaced by electric variants.

In 2019, a new series, Jiayue, was introduced. Multiple Refine vehicles have been facelifted and moved to this series.

In 2020, JAC started to rebadge JAC Jiayue series models to Sehol brand, resulted in the Sehol A5, Sehol X4, Sehol X7. The rebadge is in fact a move to move all sedans and SUV under the Sehol brand.

In 2023, JAC revealed that they decided to phase out the Sehol brand in the future, several Sehol models, like QX, A5 and X8, were rebadged back to JAC brand.

Sehol (思皓) was established in 2018 as a joint venture between JAC and Volkswagen, originally positioned as a brand for pure electric vehicles. In 2020, the Volkswagen Group increased its stake in the joint venture, JAC Volkswagen, to 75% and officially renamed Volkswagen Anhui. The Sehol brand has been licensed for use by JAC, essentially making it no longer a joint venture brand.

In 2023, JAC revealed that they decided to phase out the Sehol brand in the future.

JAC Yiwei (江淮钇为) is JAC's brand for entry-level passenger EV, launched in April 2023.

JAC Refine (江淮瑞风) was a brand of JAC for commercial MPV/Van. In 2020, JAC Refine was became as an independent brand from the MPV product line of JAC.

JAC announced a pair of joint ventures with Navistar International Corporation , NC2 Global (itself a Navistar/Caterpillar joint venture). The NC2 joint venture will manufacture heavy duty trucks. The Navistar joint venture, called JAC-Navistar Diesel Engine Company (JND), will build medium to heavy diesel engines in China with parts and services provisioned by Navistar. The new companies will both be located in Hefei where JAC is also based. Cummins purchased Navistar's equity in the engine joint venture in 2018.

Sehol (; Sihao) is a car brand launched on April 24, 2018, by SEAT and JAC Volkswagen Automotive Co., Ltd. joint venture.

The Amazing Digital Circus

The Amazing Digital Circus is an independent animated web series created by Gooseworx and produced by Glitch Production. The series is about a group of humans who attempt to maintain their sanity after becoming trapped inside a circus-themed virtual reality game. The series premiered on October 13, 2023 as a pilot on YouTube.


The pilot for "The Amazing Digital Circus" received great acclaim with "The Beat" writer Justin Guerrero write that the pilot have take the internet and made a massive fandom overnight while also hooking the minds of its viewers and ringing in their hearts. "TheGamer" writer Jade King write that the visuals are colorful and full of humor but, the pilot is quick to bring down that with dark humor and created to keep us asking questions. He also write that it's likely not going to get too dark however, the pilot could bring into this horror.


DFSK Motor

DFSK is a renowned brand in the automotive industry, offering a wide range of innovative products and services. Established in 2003, DFSK has garnered over 3 million users worldwide and achieved an impressive sales record of over 400,000 units in 2017 alone. It's a joint venture between Dongfeng Motor Corporation and Seres Group.

Fengon (or DFSK Glory for foreign markets) formerly known as Dongfeng Fengguang (东风风光), is the sub-brand of Seres that produces passenger vehicles. Established in 2008, Fengon brand targets at affordable compact MPVs and SUVs. It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dengfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022. The Fengon brand began to replace the former Dongfeng logo and replaced it with its own Fengon logo in models after the acquisition. 

Source:

Car
SUV
MPV/Minivan

SUV



MPV/Minivan

The DFSK is a brand of Seres that produces light commercial vehicles. Currently available products include:


Pepsi Next

Pepsi Next is a discontinued cola-flavored carbonated soft drink. It was produced by PepsiCo. It was a variant of the Pepsi cola range. It was sweetened with high fructose corn syrup, sugar, acesulfame potassium, and sucralose. It was marketed toward drinkers of full-calorie Pepsi, and those who do not enjoy the taste of Diet Pepsi, Pepsi ONE, Pepsi Max, and other diet colas.

Trinitron

Trinitron was Sony's brand name for its line of aperture-grille-based CRTs used in television sets and computer monitors. It was one of the first television systems to enter the market since the 1950s. Constant improvement in the basic technology and attention to overall quality allowed Sony to charge a premium for Trinitron devices into the 1990s.

IGoogle

iGoogle was a customizable Ajax-based start page or personal web portal. It was launched by Google in May 2005. It was discontinued on November 1, 2013. As of October 17, 2007, Google had made the service available in many localized versions in 42 languages, and in over 70 country domain-names.

Dad's Root Beer

Dad's Root Beer is an American brand of root beer. It was created in Chicago in 1937 by Ely Klapman and Barney Berns. It is currently owned by Hedinger Brands, LLC, and sold and marketed by the Dad's Root Beer Company LLC.

Jarritos

Jarritos is a brand of soft drink in Mexico. It was founded in 1950 by Don Francisco "El Güero" Hill and now owned by Novamex. It is made in fruit flavors and is less carbonated than popular soft drinks. Many varieties are naturally flavored. 

Arcfox

ARCFOX is a new eco-friendly brand under the Blue Valley Maigena group. It was founded in 2017 and was owned by BAIC Group.

Arcfox has a one concept car:

Foot Locker

Foot Locker is an American sportswear and footwear retailer. It is headquartered in New York City. Although established in 1974, and founded as a separate company in 1988, Foot Locker's roots date to 1879.

Orange Soda (song)

"Orange Soda" (stylized in all caps) is a song by American rapper Baby Keem. It was released on July 16, 2019 as the lead single from his second mixtape "Die for My Bitch". The song was produced by Baby Keem himself, alongside Keanu Beats. The song was a sleeper hit, becoming Baby Keem's first song to be put on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, entering at number 98 in January 2020.

In the name, "Die for My Bitch" one of the 50 best hip hop projects of 2019, P.A.B., a writer for "XXL" called the track "ethereal", writing that Keem "injects (puts) melody and hilarious boasts into tracks" with his "lithe vocals".

A music video for the song was released on November 13, 2019. It was filmed in New York City and directed by Dave Free.

The song was remixed by American rapper Rich the Kid, which was released in February 2020.

Nella the Princess Knight

Nella the Princess Knight is an American animated children's television series created by Christine Ricci Ph. D.. The series premiered on Nickelodeon on February 6, 2017. Toys produced for the series are manufactured by Vivid Imaginations.

Destination America

Destination America is an American cable television channel. It is owned by the Warner Bros. Discovery Networks unit of Warner Bros. Discovery. The network carries programming focused on the culture of the United States—including food, lifestyles, and travel. It was launched in 1996.

Mountain Dew Code Red

Mountain Dew Code Red is a cherry-flavored carbonated soft drink. It was introduced in 2001, as a flavor extension of the original Mountain Dew. It saw great success and is considered a major player in the cherry-flavored beverage market. This addition marked the first time that the brand had ventured beyond its flagship flavor. 

Famous Dave's

Famous Dave's is a barbecue restaurants chain. It is located primarily located in the Midwestern United States. It serves pork ribs, chicken, beef brisket, and several flavors of barbecue sauce. It was founded in 1994.

Karin Herrera

Karin Larissa Herrera Aguilar (born 25 July 1968) is a Guatemalan biologist, professor, sociologist, and politician who is currently serving as the 18th Vice President of Guatemala since 2024. She is a member of the political party Semilla.

Abdication of Margrethe II

Margrethe II announced her abdication as Queen of Denmark during her New Year's Eve address to the nation on 31 December 2023. She was replaced by her elder son, King Frederik X, on 14 January 2024.

After the death of Elizabeth II on 8 September 2022, Margrethe II became Europe's longest-reigning monarch, the world's only queen regnant, and the longest-serving incumbent female head of state.

Mountain Dew Voltage

Mountain Dew Voltage is a variant of the carbonated soft drink Mountain Dew. It is a blue raspberry/citrus flavor with ginseng. It was introduced in 2008. In November 2007, Mountain Dew launched a campaign called "DEWmocracy" in which the public would elect on new flavors to become part of the brand line.

Zac Brown Band

Zac Brown Band is an American country music band based in Atlanta, Georgia. The band has released seven studio albums along with two live albums, one greatest-hits album, and two extended plays. They have also 16 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs or Country Airplay chart, of which 13 have reached number 1. 

Daystar Television Network

Daystar Television Network is an American evangelical Christian-based religious television network. It is owned by the Word of God Fellowship, founded by Marcus Lamb in 1993. It is headquartered in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex in Bedford, Texas.

Evelyn Wever-Croes

Evelyna Christina "Evelyn" Wever-Croes (born 5 December 1966) is an Aruban politician and current Prime Minister of Aruba, serving since November 2017. She is the first woman to hold this office. She is a member of the People's Electoral Movement (MEP).

Prime Minister of Aruba

The prime minister of Aruba is de facto head of the executive branch of government. Together with Aruba's Council of Ministers, they form the executive branch of Aruban government.

Nelson Oduber

Nelson Orlando Oduber (born 7 February 1947) is an Aruban politician who served as the 2nd Prime Minister of Aruba from 1989 to 1994 and again from 2001 to 2009.

Mike Eman

Michiel Godfried "Mike" Eman (born September 1, 1961) is an Aruban politician who served as the 3rd Prime Minister of Aruba from 2009 to 2017. 

Henny Eman

Jan Hendrik Albert "Henny" Eman (born 20 March 1948) is an Aruban retired politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Aruba from 1 January 1986 to 9 February 1989 and again from 29 July 1994 to 30 October 2001.

Alfonso Boekhoudt

Juan Alfonso Boekhoudt (; born 27 January 1965) is an Aruban politician serving as the governor of Aruba since 1 January 2017.

Governor of Aruba

The governor of Aruba is the representative on Aruba of the Dutch monarch. The governor's duties are twofold; he represents and guards the general interests of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and is head of the Aruban government.

Olindo Koolman

Olindo Koolman (born 15 April 1942) was the second governor of Aruba and served two terms of six years as governor from 29 January 1992 until 11 August 2004.

Fredis Refunjol

Fredis Jose Refunjol (born 19 December 1950) is an Aruban politician and who served as the 3rd governor of Aruba from 2004 to 2016.

Felipe Tromp

Felipe Benito Tromp (15 October 1917 – 12 August 1995) was the first governor of Aruba after Aruba. He took office as governor on 1 January 1986 and left office on 12 March 1992. He was succeeded by Olindo Koolman.

Tromp died on 12 August 1995, at the age of 77.

Jana Hlaváčová

Jana Hlaváčová (26 March 1938 – 13 January 2024) was a Czech actress. She was born in Prague. Her best known role was in the 2007 movie "Operace Silver A". 

Hlaváčová died on 13 January 2024, at the age of 85.

Raema Lisa Rumbewas

Raema Lisa Rumbewas (10 September 1980 – 14 January 2024) was an Indonesian weightlifter. She was the country's first athlete to have won medals in three Olympic Games. She competed in the women's 48 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won silver with 185.0 kg in total. She won another silver medal at the 2004 Games.

Rumbewas died on 14 January 2024 at the age of 43.

Dror Kashtan

Dror Kashtan (; 1 October 1944 – 15 January 2024) was an Israeli football player and manager. He made three appearances for the Israel national football team in 1962. He also managed the national team from 2006 to 2010.

Moxie

Moxie is a brand of carbonated beverage. It is among the first mass-produced soft drinks in the United States. It was created in 1876 by Augustin Thompson as a patent medicine called "Moxie Nerve Food" and was produced in Lowell, Massachusetts.

IBC Root Beer

IBC Root Beer is an American brand of root beer. It is now owned by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was originally owned by IBC until it went out of business. It was founded in 1919 by the Griesedieck family as the Independent Breweries Company in St. Louis, Missouri.

Lidia Gueiler

Lidia Gueiler Tejada (28 August 1921 – 9 May 2011) was a Bolivian politician. She was the 56th president of Bolivia from 1979 to 1980. She was Bolivia's first female Head of State, and the second female head of state in a republic in the history of the Americas.

Gueiler was born in Cochabamba, to Moisés Gueiler Grunewelt, an immigrant from Germany and a Bolivian mother, Raquel Tejada Albornoz. She received a BA degree from Instituto Americano in Cochabamba. In the 1940s, she joined the Movimiento Nacionalista Revolucionario (MNR).

In 1979, Gueiler again ran for Congress and was elected president of the Chamber of Deputies of Bolivia.

She also became the vice-president of the Revolutionary Left Front.

Gueiler became interim President of Bolivia when the 1979 election results were annulled.

She was the cousin of American actress Raquel Welch and former President Luis García Meza, who removed her from power in 1980.

On 9 May 2011, Gueiler died in La Paz from a long illness. She was 89 years old.


Philautus tytthus

The triangle bubble-nest frog ("Philautus tytthus") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar. Scientists think it might also live in Yunnan, China.

1910 Rogers Pass avalanche

The Rogers Pass Avalanche happened on March 4, 1910 at the Rogers Pass, in the Selkirk Mountains near the town of Revelstoke, British Columbia at approximately 11:00 pm PST. It happened after the train crew were clearing snow from the tracks and an avalanche unexpectedly came down on top of them.

In the disaster, 62 people were believed to be dead and 1 was injured. The Rogers Pass avalanche remains to this day, one of the deadliest rail disaster in Canadian history and the worst avalanche disaster in Canadian history.

After another avalanche destroyed the track in November 1885, worked set up snow sheds near the tracks so they could clean them and keep it safe.

On March 4, 1910, a large amount of snow fell from the nearby mountain and covered the track so a crew was sent to clear the railway. While clearing the rainway, an avalanche fell from the other side. The 91-ton train was sent flying 49 feet in the air and landed upside down. Only one person survived the avalanche. The disaster along with ones before it caused Canadian Pacific Railway to abandon the Pass and instead dig the Connaught Tunnel through Mount Macdonald.

2024 Iranian missile strikes in Iraq and Syria

During the evening of 15 January 2024, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), a branch of the Iranian military, launched ballistic missiles towards the United States Consulate in Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan as well as an alleged Mossad spy headquarters. The United States stated the attack was a failure as it did not cause damage to the intended targets. However, the attack did lead to the assassination of Peshraw Dizayee, the CEO of Empire World and one of the richest people in Iraq. The IRGC announced in its statement that they had also struck Islamic State forces in northwestern Syria. The IRGC said, these attacks was a response to the assassinations of "resistance elements" by Israel and strike on Syria was in response to recent attacks by terrorists in Rask and Kerman.

The attack occurred at a time when huge number of people particularly Arabs are calling for the departure of United States forces from the region.

Islamic Resistance in Iraq

The Islamic Resistance in Iraq is an umbrella term for pro-Iran insurgent groups in Iraq. These groups all have a similar ideology and are backed by Iran to fight against the Western world and particularly the United States.

These are the groups which are often or sometimes called the "Islamic Resistance in Iraq":



Philip the Good

Philip III the Good ( 31 July 1396 in Dijon – 15 June 1467 in Bruges) ruled as Duke of Burgundy from 1419 until his death. He was a member of a cadet line of the Valois dynasty, to which all 15th-century kings of France belonged. During his reign, the Burgundian State reached the apex of its prosperity and prestige, and became a leading centre of the arts.

Charles I the Bold

Charles I (10 November 1433 – 5 January 1477), nicknamed the Bold was Duke of Burgundy from 1467 to 1477.

Mary I the Rich

Mary of Burgundy (13 February 1457 – 27 March 1482), nicknamed the Rich, was a member of the House of Valois-Burgundy who ruled a collection of states that included the duchies of Limburg, Brabant, Luxembourg, the counties of Namur, Holland, Hainautand other territories, from 1477 until her death in 1482.

Browser extension

A web browser extension is a feature added onto a web browser usually though installing that modifies the normal behavior of a webpage.

Hope, New Zealand

Hope previously known as Ranzau is a small town in the Tasman District. It is located south of Nelson and is sandwiched between Richmond and Wakefield on State Highway 6. It has two primary schools and a community church.

Arcfox Lite

Arcfox Lite is the first electric vehicle born with the new Baic Group and BJEV sub brand "Arcfox".

The vehicle is a compact two-seater with a modern and sporty design, with great customization possibilities.

The project is based on a Tazzari Zero Em1-based licensing agreement with the Italian electric vehicle manufacturer Tazzari EV, which develops and produces electric vehicles in Imola, in Italy's Motor Valley.

Frappuccino

Frappuccino is a line of blended iced coffee drinks. It is sold by Starbucks. It may consist of coffee or crème base, blended with ice and ingredients such as flavored syrups and usually topped with whipped cream and or spices. 

The Chats

The Chats are a punk rock band from Australia. They formed in Sunshine Coast, Queensland in 2016. The band went viral from their song "Smoko" in 2017.




Feist (singer)

Leslie Feist (born February 13, 1976), known mononymously as Feist, is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter and guitarist. She performs both as a solo artist and as a member of the indie rock group Broken Social Scene. She launched her solo music career in 1999 with the release of Monarch. Her subsequent studio albums, Let It Die, released in 2004, and The Reminder, released in 2007, were critically acclaimed and commercially successful, selling over 2.5 million copies.

Powerade

Powerade is a sports drink. It is sold by the Coca-Cola Company. Its primary competitor is Gatorade, owned by PepsiCo. It was created by the Coca-Cola Company and first released in 1987.

Abid Sher Ali

Abid Sher Ali is a Pakistani Politician and traveller who had been a member of the National Assembly of the Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 to 2018.

Thums Up

Thums Up is a brand of cola introduced in 1977 to offset the withdrawal of The Coca-Cola Company from India. The brand was later bought by Coca-Cola who re-launched it in order to compete against Pepsi to capture the market.

Sigma Alimentos

Sigma Alimentos is a Mexican multinational food processing and distribution company. It is headquartered in San Pedro, near Monterrey, Mexico. It produces and distributes refrigerated foods, mainly lunch meats, cheeses, and yogurts. It was founded in 1980.

Three Angels Broadcasting Network

Three Angels Broadcasting Network is a Christian media television and radio network. broadcasts Seventh-day Adventist religious, music and health-oriented programming. It is based in West Frankfort, Illinois, United States. It was launched in 1984.

Smile (TV network)

Smile is an American Christian free-to-air television network. It is owned and operated by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. It is aimed at children aged 2-12 and offers a mixture of children's religious and family-oriented programming. It was founded as the television branch of TBN's Smile of a Child ministry, created by TBN co-founder Jan Crouch.

Julia Carpenter

Julia Carpenter is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in the "Spider-Man" franchise. She was Injected with a mix of spider venom and exotic plant extracts. Becoming a superhero like Spider-Man, Julia became the the second Spider-Woman, and has taken a new identity as Madame Web after a dying Cassandra Webb passed on her abilities.

The character first appeared in "Secret Wars" #6 (October 1984). She is also notable for being one of the main protagonists of the "Avengers West Coast" and "Force Work" storylines, a supporting character in the third "Spider-Woman" series and the main protagonist of her own four-part miniseries.

Julia Carpenter/Spider-Woman made her cinematic debut in "" (2023) as a member of Miguel O'Hara's Spider-Society, and is portrayed by Sydney Sweeney in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe movie "Madame Web" (2024).

Angelica Chain

Angelica Chain (born Angelica Chahin Martínez; May 12, 1956) is a Mexican actress, model and vedette, who is best known for her acting in fichera (Mexican sex comedy) films, many of which she participated playing the couple of another famous Mexican actor, Alfonso Zayas. Chain was once considered a sex symbol in Mexico.

Grace Renat

Grace Prior Marin best know as Grace Renat is a Mexican actress and vedette.

Princesa Lea

Susan Linda Fair better known as Princesa Lea is a Canadian-born Mexican actress, vedette, and dancer.

Planet Smoothie

Planet Smoothie is the third largest American chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies. It was founded in 1995 by Martin Sprock in Atlanta, Georgia. It has 125 locations. In June 2015, Quick-Service Restaurant Franchisor Kahala Brands purchased both Planet Smoothie and Tasti D-Lite.

Sparx (American band)

Sparx is an American New Mexico music band composed of the four Sanchez sisters Verónica, Rosamaria, Kristyna and Carolina. They were known beginning with their childhood career, in the 1980s. In the 1990s they found fame in Mexico and most Latin American countries in addition to success in the United States, recording a variety of styles of songs including pop songs, as well as Latin music classics, corridos, cumbias, ballads, and boleros.

Lizé Santana

Lizette Santana (born September 20, 1980), better known by her stage name Lizé, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer and actress.

Héctor Acosta

Héctor Elpidio Acosta Restituyo best known as Héctor Acosta or El Torito (born May 23, 1967) is a Dominican singer, musician, and politician.

Anthony Santos

Domingo Antonio Santos Muñoz best known as Antony Santos (born May 5, 1967) is a Dominican musician, singer, songwriter, and producer.

Milk Inc.

Milk Inc. is a dance music group that formed in the commercial dance scene in Belgium in 1995. The discography of the group includes a total of seven studio albums and 41 singles.

Venom Energy

Venom Energy is an American brand of energy drink. It is produced by Keurig Dr Pepper of Plano, Texas. It is one of the few energy drinks that uses a thick aluminum bottle. It was introduced in 2002 in a more typical beverage container and was relaunched in the new aluminum bottle and with a new taste in early 2008.

SunnyD

SunnyD is an orange drink. It was developed in 1963 by Doric Foods of Mount Dora, Florida, United States. Additional plants were built in California and Ohio in 1974 and 1978, respectively. The drink is superficially related to orange juice, but also resembles a soft drink without carbonation.

Marty Meehan

Martin Thomas Meehan (born December 30, 1956) is an American academic administrator, politician, and attorney. Since July 2015, Meehan has served as the President of the University of Massachusetts after serving as Chancellor of the University of Massachusetts Lowell since September 2007.

Meehan, a Democrat, served in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2007 as the Representative for Massachusetts's 5th congressional district.

Portable building

A Portable building is a building. It is designed and built to be movable rather than permanently located. Smaller version of portable buildings are also known as portable cabins. Portable cabins are prefabricated structures manufactured for uses such as site office, security cabin, accommodation, storage, toilets etc. One of the most common types of portable building is the portable classroom building.

Coco bread

Coco bread is a Jamaican bread eaten on the island and in other areas of the Caribbean. The bread contains milk or coconut milk and is starchy and slightly sweet in taste.

It is made to be split in half and is often stuffed with a Jamaican patty or other filling to form a sandwich. It is a standard item in school cafeterias and bakeries.

2024 Iranian dhow seizure

On 11 January 2024, the United States military conducted an operation to seize control of an Iranian dhow transporting supplies to the Houthi movement. The operation, which resulted in the dhow being sunk as well as two United States Navy SEALs going missing, took place in the Arabian Sea just off the coast of Somalia.

According to the United States military, U.S. Navy SEALs took off from the USS "Lewis B. Puller", an Expeditionary Mobile Base (ESB) with the goal to seize control of an Iranian dhow, which was believed to be transporting supplies to the Houthis. The U.S. Navy SEALs were supported by U.S. military helicopters and UAVs. In the operation, the United States seized control of the vessel and captured parts for Iranian ballistic missile and cruise missiles. They also captured propulsion, guidance, and warheads used by the Houthis for medium-range ballistic missiles and anti-ship cruise missiles. During the operation, two U.S. Navy SEALs were lost at sea during the mission and the entire crew of the dhow were captured. After completing the seizure, the U.S. military deemed the dhow was “unsafe” and was sunk by the United States Navy.


Harvey's

Harvey's is a fast food restaurant chain operating in Canada. It has locations in every province except British Columbia. It serves hamburgers, poutine, hot dogs, french fries, onion rings, and other traditional Canadian fast-food fare. It was founded in 1959.

High Risk Behaviour

High Risk Behaviour is the debut studio album by Australian punk rock band The Chats. It was released on the 27th of March 2020 through Bargain Bin Records.


Trail mix

Trail mix or gorp is a type of snack mix, typically a combination of granola, dried fruit, nuts, and sometimes candy, developed as a food to be taken along on hikes. Trail mix is a popular snack food for hikes, because it is lightweight, easy to store, and nutritious, providing a quick energy boost from the carbohydrates in the dried fruit or granola, and sustained energy from fat in nuts.

The combination of nuts, raisins and chocolate as a trail snack, dates at least to the 1910s, when outdoorsman Horace Kephart recommended it in his popular camping guide.

The Flirts

The Flirts were a project concept group formed by Bobby "O" Orlando to front his performances as an artist, musician and songwriter. The group consisted of Orlando and featured a revolving roster of female session singers and models. Under The Flirts name, Orlando churned out hits "Passion", "Danger", "Helpless" and "Jukebox (Don't Put Another Dime)".

Sauvira Kingdom

Sauvīra was an ancient kingdom and region of the ancient Sindh, present day northern Sindh and southern Punjab. Its capital city was Roruka, identified with present-day Aror/Rohri in Sindh. Today the Saraiki speaking area of Punjab and Sindh is the part of this kingdom, this kingdom is mentioned it the Hindus' epic book "Mahabharata". Jayadratha was the king of the Sindhu, Sauvira and Sivi.

Tatiana (singer)

Tatiana Palacios Chapa common known as Tatiana (born December 12, 1968) is an American-born Mexican actress, singer, and television hostess.

Ángela Carrasco

Ángela Altagracia Carrasco Rodríguez artistically known as Ángela Carrasco (born 23 January 1951) is a Dominican-born Spanish singer, songwriter, actress, and singing teacher.

Austen Kroll

Austen Kroll (born June 16, 1987) is an American television personality and businessman. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Kroll is also known as a guest cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Summer House" and as a former main cast member on the spin-off "Winter House".

Austen Kroll was born in Washington, D.C. on June 16, 1987, as the middle child and only son to Tom Kroll and Wendy Kroll. He has a younger sister.

Kroll's elder sister, Kyle A. Kroll, died on August 18, 1994, at the age of nine, after she fell approximately 200 feet from a cliff while on a family hike at Chimney Rock Park in North Carolina. He spoke about his sisters death on an episode of "Southern Charm".

Kroll graduated from the University of Alabama with his Bachelor of Science degree in business administration and management in 2010. He was a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. He spent a semester studying in Prague.

Kroll previously worked as a territory sales manager at Red Hare Brewing Company and as a cellar man at Palmetto Brewing Company.

Kroll made his television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a main cast member from the fourth season. The fourth season was launched on April 3, 2017.

Kroll has appeared on "Summer House" in a guest capacity since the fourth season. The fourth season was launched on February 5, 2020.

Kroll appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Summer House", "Winter House", for the first two seasons. The first season was launched on October 20, 2021. The second season was launched on October 13, 2022.

Kroll launched his beer Trop Hop with King's Calling Brewing Co. on July 26, 2019. He launched two new flavors at the end of 2021.

Kroll and Conover launched their Pillows and Beer podcast on January 28, 2021. They toured from November 7, 2023, to February 1, 2024.

Kroll partnered with his "Southern Charm" co-star Craig Conover, Chris Maier, Philip Testa, and Jordan Andino as co-owners of Carriage House, in New York City. The restaurant opened on March 29, 2023.

Kroll and Conover partnered with Uptown Hospitality Group as co-owners of By the Way.

Kroll resides in downtown Charleston.

Joe Thuney

Joe Thuney is an American football player. He plays for the Kansas City Chiefs. He played college football at NC State.

Howard Waldrop

Howard Waldrop (September 15, 1946 – January 14, 2024) was an American science fiction writer. His works were mainly in short fiction. He was honored with the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement in 2021. He won a Nebula Award in 1980.

Waldrop died from a stroke in Austin, Texas on January 14, 2024, at the age of 77.

Las Ketchup

Las Ketchup is a Spanish girl group founded by flamenco record producer Manuel "Queco" Ruiz. The group, which consists of sisters Lucía, Lola, and Pilar Muñoz (later to be joined by a fourth sister Rocío), is best known for the 2002 hit single, "The Ketchup Song (Aserejé)", a single that sold over seven million copies worldwide. The group's debut studio album, Hijas del Tomate, has sold over two million copies worldwide.

Jorge Griffa

Jorge Bernardo Griffa Monferoni (7 May 1935 – 15 January 2024) was an Argentine footballer. He made four appearances for the Argentina national football team in 1959. He was known for playing with Atlético Madrid from 1959 to 1969.

Griffa died in Rosario, Argentina on 15 January 2024, at the age of 88.

Nathan Zuber

Nathan N Zuber (Hebrew נתן נטע זובר, ) 1908-January 23, 1988 was a Talmudic scholar and the spiritual leader of Beth David Synagogue in Roselle New Jersey from 1926-1976.

Born in Schedrin, Russia he immigrated to he united states where he was a teacher in Bais MedrashLeRabbonim (Slobodka) under Rabbi Yehuda Levenberg in New Haven, Conn., 1923-1926 before moving to Roselle. His elder brother, Rabbi Yaakov Yisroel Zuber, once served as the Chief Rabbi of Stockholm. Later, he relocated to Boston where he tragically lost his life during a robbery.

Rabbi Zuber along with his brother and two other rabbis formed the Meori Ohr publishing house (Boston) which was dedicated to republishing Jewish texts after the Holocaust

Rabbi Zuber published two works during his lifetime. His first work Zichron Menachem (1971) is named after his father Menachem Mendal Zuber who was killed in a pogrom. The work is divided between novelle on Talmud Bavli and Yerushalmi, questions and answers and a long article on the laws of mourning. There is a small section of this work that was translated to English by Rabbi Aharon Shapiro phd the Rabbi of Anshe Chesed of Linden. His second work is the Divrei Nosson.

Sergio Sebastiani

Sergio Sebastiani (11 April 1931 – 16 January 2024) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was head of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See from 1997 to 2008. He was made a cardinal in 2001. From 1960 to 1994 he worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. He became an archbishop and apostolic nuncio in 1976. Sebastiani was born in Montemonaco, Italy.
Sebastiani died on 16 January 2024 in Rome, Italy at the age of 92.

Innosense

Innosense was an American girl group that were active from 1997 to 2003.

Nina Sky

Nina Sky is an American musical duo consisting of identical twins Nicole and Natalie Albino. Their debut single "Move Ya Body", released from their self-titled debut album in 2004, was a success, reaching number four on the Billboard Hot 100. Their second album, Nicole & Natalie, was released in July 2012. Their third studio album, Brightest Gold, was announced for 2016 release through Tommy Boy Entertainment.

Prima J

Prima J is an American musical duo, composed of cousins Jessica and Janelle Martinez. Jessica (born on May 25, 1988) and Janelle (born on August 26, 1988) came up with their stage name by combining the letter "J" in each of their given names with the Spanish word "prima" (meaning female cousin).

No Secrets (group)

No Secrets were an American-British girl group formed in 2000 consisting of five members: Angel Faith, Carly Lewis, Erin Tanner, Jessica Fried, and Jade Ryusaki. The group debuted in the United States in 2001 with the single "Kids in America".

Nobody's Angel

Nobody's Angel was an American girl group of the late 1990s and early 2000s. The group consisted of four members Alitzah Navarro, Stacey Harper, Amy Sue Hardy, and Sarah Smith, and later, Jennie Kwan and Tai-Amber Hoo as replacements when Harper and Hardy left the group. The band was put together after they became friends and discovered they had something in common: a shared taste for music, dancing, and acting.

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty

The Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty bans all tests of Nuclear weapons except for tests done underground. It was first meant to ban all tests, but it was changed because of Soviet concerns over methods of detecting underground nuclear tests. The reason for this treaty is because of public fear over the amount of nuclear testing and the fallout that would occur. The treaty was also meant to slow the nuclear arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union.

Jones Soda

Jones Soda is a Canadian-American beverage company. It is based in Seattle, Washington, United States. It bottles and distributes soft drinks, non-carbonated beverages, energy drinks, and candy. It was founded by Peter Van Stolk in 1995 as a beverage distributor in Western Canada.

Sasha Montenegro

Aleksandra Aćimović Popović (Cyrillic:Александра Аћимовић Поповић); known as Sasha Montenegro (born 20 January 1946 in Bari, died 15 February 2024) was an Italian born-Mexican actress and vedette of Yugoslavian descent.

Lyn May

Liliana Mendiola Mayanes (Chinese: 林买, pinyin,lin măi) known as Lyn May (born December 12, 1952 in Acapulco, Guerrero) is a Mexican actress and vedette of Chinese ancestry.

Rosa Gloria Chagoyán

Rosa Gloria Chagoyán (born October 11, 1953 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and singer of Armenian ancestry.

Zevia

Zevia is a Los Angeles based company. It produces soft drinks, organic tea, energy drinks, and mixers sweetened with stevia. It was launched in 2007 as an alternative soft drink for those who want to avoid both added sugars and artificial sweeteners.

Cloo

Cloo was an American pay television channel. It was owned and operated by NBCUniversal. It aired programming originally dedicated to the crime and mystery genres. The channel launched on January 1, 2006, replacing Trio. It ceased broadcasting on February 1, 2017.

Chiller (TV network)

Chiller was an American cable and satellite television network. It was owned by NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, all owned by Comcast. It specialized in horror, thriller and suspense programming, mainly films. It launched on March 1, 2007. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2017.

American Heroes Channel

American Heroes Channel is an American multinational pay television channel. It is owned by the Warner Bros. Discovery Networks unit of Warner Bros. Discovery. The network airs programming related to the military, warfare, and military history and science.

Sprinkler truck

The sprinkler truck is a special vehicle for efficient washing operations. It is suitable for washing operations in urban roads, highways, squares, and other places, as well as municipal and landscaping watering operations. Using the domestic first technology-flushing the road dust through a low level, and making it flow into the drainage pipe, to achieve the effect of cleaning and cooling.

Philautus poecilius

The mottled tree frog ("Philautus poecilius") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines. It lives in mountain forests near Mount Hilonghilong. People have seen it between 1600 and 1900 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists say that this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives so they can build farms, dig good rocks out of the ground, build towns, and get wood to build with. Other animals that humans brought to the frog's home by accident can also make life harder for this frog.

Great American Family

Great American Family is an American cable television network. It is owned by Great American Media. It broadcasts conservative family-oriented general entertainment programming, including television series and made-for-TV movies. 

Magnolia Network

Magnolia Network is an American basic cable network. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery and Chip and Joanna Gaines. It airs personality-based lifestyle programs related to topics such as home construction, renovation, and cuisine.

2024 in Yemen

Events from the year 2024 in Yemen. From the start of 2024, Yemen's Houthi movement were involved in the Red Sea crisis.


The Gallopin Gaucho

The Gallopin Gaucho is the second Mickey Mouse cartoon that Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks ever made. The first was Plane Crazy.

A mouse named Mickey rides into a town in Argentina on an ostrich and sees Minnie taking a dancing lesson. Mickey watches while smoking a cigarette. Mickey dances with Minnie. Then a cat named Pete comes and kidnaps Minnie. Minnie calls for Mickey to help her so Mickey comes and he and Pete starts to duel each other with swords. Mickey wins and rescues Minnie. Micky and Minnie leave together.

This cartoon was a spoof of the movie The Gaucho starring Douglas Fairbanks. 

The next cartoon Disney and Iwerks made was Steamboat Willie.

Shep Rose

William Shepard "Shep" Rose III (born September 27, 1979) is an American television personality and businessman. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" and the spin-off "RelationShep".

William Shepard Rose III was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on September 27, 1979, as the second of three children to William Shepard "Rip" Rose Jr. (born March 1948), a lawyer of the United States Department of Justice, and Frances John Rose (née Hobbs; born July 1952), a housewife and patron of the arts. He has an elder sister, Katherine Cummings Trotter (née Rose; born February 1977), and a younger brother, Whitaker Boykin Rose (born July 1983), both lawyers. His family settled in Sea Pines, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina in 1981, when he was a year old.

Rose attended Hilton Head Preparatory School, a private school, and Episcopal High School, a private college-preparatory boarding school in Alexandria, Virginia.

Rose graduated from the University of Georgia with his undergraduate degree in business in 2002. He was a member of the Chi Phi (ΧΦ) fraternity during his time at UGA. He graduated from Vanderbilt University Owen Graduate School of Management with his Master of Business Administration degree in finance in 2009.

Rose is related to the Boykin family - the family of which the Boykin Spaniel, the South Carolina state dog - is named, through his paternal relations. The family became known after founding Boykin, South Carolina in 1755. He is a grandson of Meta Cantey "Pete" Boykin Rose (1924–2011), a socialite, and William Shepard Rose (1922–2004), an international businessman in the steel industry. His great-great aunt, Mary Boykin Chesnut (née Miller; 1823–1886), an author, has been included in the PBS Civil War documentary. He is a nephew of B. Boykin Rose, the first South Carolina Department of Public Safety director.

Rose is related to the Hobbs family through his maternal relations. The family became known after building the railroads out of Chicago during the 1800s. He is a grandson of Truman McGill Hobbs (1921–2015), a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama, and Joyce Hobbs (née Cummings; 1927–2020), a philanthropist. His great aunt was Edith Cummings (1899–1984), the first female athlete to be featured on the cover of "TIME" magazine in 1924. He is a first cousin of his "Southern Charm" co-star Marcie Hobbs.

Rose is an uncle of five; Louisa Trotter, Rosie Trotter and Boo Trotter, through Katherine and his brother-in-law John Scott Trotter, and Mimi Rose and Whitaker Boykin Rose Jr. through Whitaker and his sister-in-law Tiernan Ely Rose.

Rose comes from old money. He has "a couple" of trust funds. He has an estimated net worth of $4 million, as of October 2023.

Rose began his career in his early 20s, working as a real estate agent while he was living in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. He was forced to quit in 2008, during the Great Recession.

Rose made his television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a main cast member from the first season. The first season launched on March 3, 2014.

Rose has made 15 appearances on the pop culture-based late-night talk show "Watch What Happens Live! with Andy Cohen". His first appearance was with his "Southern Charm" co-stars Cameran Eubanks and Thomas Ravenel, and was broadcast on April 7, 2014.

Rose appeared on the web series "Shepic Fail". The series focused on Rose, his "Southern Charm" co-star Craig Conover and Hunter Gardner. The series launched on November 23, 2014.

Rose is the subject on the third spin-off from "Southern Charm", "RelationShep". (See below).

Rose is the owner of The Commodore, a bar and grill in Charleston, South Carolina. The restaurant opened on April 27, 2016. He is also a co-owner of two establishments; The Palace Hotel and The Alley, both in Charleston.

Rose, and his friends Jason Benjamin and Claude Pope founded the coastal wear line, Shep Gear, on June 30, 2016. He has launched a line of t-shirts inspired by some of his "Southern Charm" co-stars.

Rose made his debut as an actor with the role of Paramedic #2 in the action thriller film "Reprisal", starring Bruce Willis and Olivia Culpo. The film was released on August 30, 2018.

Rose launched his podcast, "Enough About Me with Shep Rose", on June 1, 2019. The podcast has been on hiatus since October 9, 2019.

Rose launched a blog, Charleston GRIT.

Rose made his debut as a stand-up comedian on April 23, 2018.

Rose authored his memoir, "Average Expectations: Lessons in Lowering the Bar" (). The book was published by Simon & Schuster on March 16, 2021.

"RelationShep" was announced as the third spin-off from the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" on April 27, 2017. The series follows Shep Rose, his producer and some of his friends as he looks for love. The name of the series was inspired by Rose's nickname, which was given to him in 2003 by his ex-girlfriend.

The "first look" trailer was released on August 17. The official trailer was released on October 30. The series premiered on December 4.

The series was produced by Haymaker Productions with Aaron Rothman, Irad Eyal and Peter Scalettar serving as executive producers. Sarah Steinfeld and Pamela Gimenez served as co-executive producers.

The series was later canceled.


Rose is the founder of a charitable trust. He donates to numerous charities every December.

Rose supported the David M. Carmines Memorial Foundation in 2017. The organization was founded in memory of his childhood best friend Andrew Carmines' brother who died by cancer in 2001.

Rose raised $25,000 for the people of the Bahamas following Hurricane Dorian in 2019.

Rose resides in Isle of Palms, South Carolina.

Rose served as the announcer for the Charleston RiverDogs at a baseball game on May 1, 2018.

Rose is a member of the Union Club of the City of New York's Jupiter Island Club, a private social club in Jupiter Island, Florida.

Rose has been arrested over 10 times.

Rose was in a brief relationship with Danni Baird, prior to their castings on "Southern Charm". He was linked to Chelsea Meissner in 2016.

Rose was in a relationship with orthodontics assistant Taylor Ann Green between March 2020 and July 2022.

Rose acquired a French Bulldog named Lil' Craig (born September 12, 2018) on June 20, 2019. He named Craig after his "Southern Charm" co-star Craig Conover. He co-parents Craig with his friend Tony Brown and his parents.

Rose launched an Instagram account for Craig, @goodboycraig, on July 7, 2019. He has over 100,000 followers, as of October 2023.

Rose and his "Southern Charm" co-star Patricia Altschul threw a formal dog wedding for Craig and Peaches, Altschul's Pomeranian, on November 5, 2021. Their wedding was featured in an episode of "Southern Charm". On September 24, 2022, Altschul announced that the couple had split, due to Craig's commitment phobia.

Rose faced criticism in August 2019, after he posted a video to his Instagram Stories in which he could be heard mocking a homeless woman who was collecting cans on the street in the East Village in New York City. He refused to apologize. He apologized four days later. He also deactivated his Twitter account and took a break from the social media platform.

Rose endorsed Republican candidate John McCain in the 2008 United States presidential election. He endorsed Libertarian candidate Governor Gary Johnson in the 2016 United States presidential election. He endorsed Democratic candidate Joe Biden and South Carolina Democratic candidate Jaime Harrison in the 2020 United States presidential election.

Rose shut down the 19th Treasurer of South Carolina and his former "Southern Charm" co-star Thomas Ravenel via Twitter in October 2020, after Ravenel's public support of the 45th President of the United States Donald Trump. He has called Trump supporters "rats [who] stayed on the ship".

Azali Assoumani

Azali Assoumani (; born 1 January 1959) is a Comorian politician and military officer who has served as President of the Comoros from 2002 to 2006 and again since 2016. He became head of state after leading a coup d'état in 1999 and was elected president in 2002, 2016 and April 2019. In 2023, he became the Chairperson of the African Union.

Young Avengers

The Young Avengers are the titular main protagonists of the Marvel Comics of the same name. The first team, created by Allan Heinberg and Jim Cheung, appeared in "Young Avengers" #1 (April 2005), a year later in Spain. They are a team of young vigilantes and superheroes and the younger counterparts of the Avengers. Some of the members are the superheroes' children (such as Vision and Scarlet Witch's sons Wiccan and Speed and Ant-Man's daughter Cassie). Other members are their protégés (such as Hawkeye's student, Kate Bishop).

Speed (character)

Speed (real name Thomas "Tommy" Shephard) is a fictional character from Marvel Comics. He was born from the reincarnated soul of Tommy Maximoff, the son of Scarlet Witch and Vision and the twin brother of Billy Kaplan/Wiccan. He inherited super speed, a quality shared by his former reincarnated self's uncle, Quicksilver.

In his debut, Speed joined the Young Avengers to fighting against the Skrulls.

He was created by Allan Heinberg and Jim Cheung and first appeared in "Young Avengers" #10 (February, 2006)

The illusory Tommy appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) Disney+ miniseries "WandaVision" (2021) played by Gavin Borders and Jett Klyne. Klyne returned as a human version of Tommy from an alternate reality in the movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

Hugh Jackson II

Hugh was born in 1762. He was the eldest son of Andrew Jackson Sr and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson. He had only 2 siblings, Robert, born in 1764 and Andrew born March 15, 1767, he was a volunteer aka solider during the Revolutionary War, and died during the Battle of Sterno Ferry in 1779, He was 16 years .

Red Sea crisis

The Red Sea crisis is an ongoing armed conflict. It is also known as the United States–Houthi conflict or United States–Iran proxy war. The crisis began on 19 October 2023 after attacks by the Houthi movement. The Houthis are a Shia Islamist insurgent group who control parts of Yemen and are backed by Iran. These attacks target Southern Israel. The Houthis also target ships in the Red Sea that they claimed are linked to Israel or its allies (particularly the United States and United Kingdom).

On 19 October 2023, the Houthis launched three land-attack cruise missiles as well as multiple drones towards Israel. According to the U.S. government, these were all shot down by the USS "Carney", a destroyer in the United States Navy. This was the first action by the U.S. military to defend Israel during the Israel–Hamas war. Later, it was reported that the "Carney" had actually shot down four missiles and 15 drones. This action is considered the beginning of the Red Sea Crisis. Later in the day, Saudi Arabia shot down another missile launched by Houthi.

On 27 October, the Houthis fired two drones from the southern Red Sea towards the north. The Israeli military stated the drones were targeted at Israel. One of the two drones fell short, hitting a building next to a hospital in Taba, Egypt. Six people were injured. The other drone fell short and hit near an electricity plant close to the town of Nuweiba, Egypt. After the drone struck Taba, an official for Houthi posted one-word on X; "Eilat". Eilat is the name of a city in Israel.

On 31 October, Houthi attempted a long-range attack on Israel. Houthi launched a ballistic missile and multiple cruise missiles. Israel's Arrow System shot down the ballistic missile. The Israeli Air Force shot down the cruise missiles over the Red Sea. One of the cruise missiles was shot down by an Israeli F-35i Adir fighter jet. This engagement was the first use of the Arrow System during the Israel–Hamas war. The Israeli government also said the interception of the ballistic missile took place above Earth's atmosphere above the Negev Desert. This made it the first instance of space warfare in history.

On 1 November, the Israeli military shot down missile fired by Houthi. Houthi had fired the missile towards the city of Eilat, Israel.

On 8 November 2023, Houthi air defenses shot down an American MQ-9 Reaper drone. This resulted in the first American loss of the conflict. 

On 9 November, the Houthis fired yet another missile toward the city of Eilat. The missile was shot down by an Israeli Arrow 3 missile. This marked the first time an Arrow 3 missile had been used to shoot down an enemy missile.

On 14 November, the Houthis fired multiple missiles towards Israel. This included one missile aimed at the city of Eilat. The missiles were shot down by Israeli Arrow missiles.

On 15 November, Houthi launched an attack on the USS "Thomas Hudner", a destroyer in the United States Navy. The drone was heading towards the destroyer. In self-defense, the "Thomas Hudner" shot down the Houthi drone.

On 22 November, Houthi once again fired a cruise missile towards the city of Eilat. The missile was shot down by an F35 fighter aircraft in the Israeli Air Force.

On 23 November, Houthi attacked the USS "Thomas Hudner" again. Houthi launched a series of attack drones towards the "Thomas Hudner". All of the drones were shot down, causing no damage to the ship.

On 24 November, Iran attacked the Malta-flagged container ship, "CMA CGM Symi". The Iranian military launched a drone towards the ship. The drone was shot down by an Israeli Air Force fighter jet. A drone was shot down over the Red Sea by an IDF fighter jet.

On 29 November, the USS "Carney" engaged and shot down a Houthi KAS-04. Houthi launched the drone towards the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait.

On 30 November, Saudia Arabia reported that Israel had conducted a military strike against Houthi. The airstrike occurred in Sana'a, the capital of Yemen. Saudia Arabia reported that Israel had struck a Houthi weapons depot. This was denied by Houthi and they reported the Israeli airstrike hit a gas station.

On 6 December, Houthi launched military strikes against the Israeli military in the city of Eilat. Houthi launched multiple ballistic missiles towards the Israeli military. None of the missiles hit the military. Also on 6 December, the USS "Mason" shot down a drone launched by Houthi. The USS "Mason" is a destroyer in the United States Navy.

On 10 December, the "Languedoc", a frigate in the French Navy, shot down two drones launched by Houthi.

On 16 December, the United States Navy shot down 14 drones launched by Houthi. On the same day, the Egyptian Air Defense Forces, a branch of the Egyptian Armed Forces, shot down a object flying around the town of Dahab, Egypt.

On 18 December, the Indian military deployed the INS "Kolkata" to the Gulf of Aden. The INS "Kolkata" is a destroyer in the Indian Navy. It was deployed for maritime security. The INS "Kochi", another destroyer, was already deployed in the region to stop pirates.

On 26 December, Houthi conducted a series of drone strikes against Israel. Drone strikes were reported over Eilat and other parts of Israel. The United States military shot down 12 Houthi drones. They also shot down five missiles fired by Houthi. Israel also shot down an object launched by Houthi over the Red Sea.

On 2 January 2024, the Iranan-backed Houthi movement launched two anti-ship ballistic missiles towards commercial ships in the southern Red Sea. The Institute for the Study of War (ISW) conducted an analysis of the attacks and reported the target of the attack was the Malta-flagged container ship "CMA CGM TAGE". The missiles landed in the water near the ship, causing no damage. Houthi claimed the "CMA CGM TAGE" was heading towards Israel, but it was actually heading towards Egypt.

On 6 January, Houthi launched an attack on the USS "Laboon". The "Laboon" is a destroyer in the United States Navy. Three days later on 9 January, Houthi launched a series of drones and missiles at dozens of merchant ships. This caused the United States Navy and the United Kingdom's Navy to respond.

On 9 January 2024, Houthi forces launched 18 one-way suicide drones, two anti-ship cruise missiles, and one anti-ship ballistic missile at dozens of civilian-operated merchant vessels in the Red Sea. These were all shot down by a combined United States and United Kingdom naval force. No damage was reported to any ships.
On 11 January, Houthi failed an attack on the commercial shipping lanes in the Red Sea. Also during the day, the Iranian Navy seized control of the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-controlled and Greek-operated civilian oil tanker "St Nikolas". In the evening of 11 January, The United States seized control and later sunk an Iranian dhow. The dhow was transporting supplies to the Houthi movement. The operation resulted in the entire crew of the vessel being captured. Two U.S. Navy SEALs (or soldiers) were lost at sea. This is the first and currently only casualties the United States suffered during the crisis. On 11 January 2024, the Iranan-backed Houthi movement launched one anti-ship ballistic missiles towards commercial ships in the Gulf of Aden. One commercial ship saw the missile hit the water and reported there was no damage caused by it. This was the 27th attack by Houthi since October 2023.

On 12 January, a coalition launch a large-scale missile attack against the Houthi movement in Yemen. The coalition consisted of the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands. This attack was the first attack of Operation Poseidon Archer. While retaliating for the airstrikes, Houthi mistakenly targeted the Panama-flagged oil tanker M/T "Khalissa". The ship which was carrying oil towards the Russian port of Ust-Luga. 

On 14 January, the Iranian backed Houthi movement attacked the "USS Laboon", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy. At about 4:45 p.m. (Sanaa time), the Houthis launched an anti-ship cruise missile towards the "Laboon", which was sailing on the Red Sea. This missile was shot down by an American fighter jet around the coast of Al Hudaydah. There was no damage or injuries as a result of this attack, which occurred just over a week after another attack on the "USS Laboon". This attack was also the first U.S.-acknowledged attack by the Houthis since a devastating series of airstrikes by the United States and United Kingdom two days earlier.

On 15 January, the Iranian-backed Houthi movement attacked the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Gibraltar Eagle". At around 4 p.m. Sanaa time, Houthi launched an anti-ship ballistic missile towards the "Gibraltar Eagle". This missile hit the "Gibraltar Eagle" and caused damage and a fire onboard. Shortly after the attack, Eagle Bulk Shipping, the company that owns the "Gibraltar Eagle" reported that the ship sustained damage to the cargo hold, but the situation on board was stable. 

On 16 January 2024, during the Red Sea Crisis, the Iranian-backed Houthi movement attacked the Maltese-flagged, Greek-owned bulk carrier "Zografia" in the southern Red Sea. At about 1:45 p.m. Sanaa time, Houthi launched an anti-ship ballistic missile towards the "Zografia". The "Zografia" was struck by the missile, causing damage to the ship. The damage was minor enough for the "Zografia" to continue their journey.

Houthi brigadier general Yahya Saree posted that the "Zografia" was fired on because it refused to answer warning calls and was on its way to an Israeli port. The "Zografia" reported that it was heading for Suez, Egypt, not Israel.

On 17 January, the Iranian-backed Houthi movement attacked the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Genco Picardy" in the Gulf of Aden. According to the United States military, a one-way suicide unmanned aircraft system struck the "Genco Picardy" at approximately 8:30 pm Sanaa time. The "Genco Picardy" sustained damage, but remained seaworthy and could continue its journey. 

On 17 January, Houthi launched a one-way suicide drone and struck the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Genco Picardy" in the Gulf of Aden.

On 3 February, the US and UK bombed 36 Houthi sites in Yemen.

On 10 February, Houthi media announced the names of 17 fighters who were killed in the US-UK strikes.


Robert Jackson

Robert Jackson was born in 1764. He was the second son of 3 children. His father Andrew Jackson Sr , died in a logging accident. 14 years later Andrew Jackson and Robert were captured in 1781. A British officer slashed Jackson with his sword after he refused to polish the officer's boots and he was taken to prison. Their mother Elizabeth helped them to escape but unfortunately Robert died during his escape. He was only 17 years.

Spider-Man 2099

Spider-Man 2099 (real name Miguel O'Hara) is a fictional character and superhero in the Marvel Comics universe, and is a superhero hailing from the future, specifically the year 2099, and the successor of the original Spider-Man, Peter Parker. He is also the main protagonist of his titular comics, and a major character in the "Spider-Verse" comics storyline.

He is a geneticist working for Alchemax who, in an attempt to replicate the powers of Spider-Man, accidentally altered his genetic code to 50% spider, giving him spider-like superpowers. Miguel originally strived to find a cure, but upon realizing how much of a dystopia the future was, donned a UMF-crafted suit and became the next Spider-Man. He is the eponymous protagonist of the comic book of the same name, and is a supporting protagonist in various Spider-Man stories, especially the "Spider-Verse" storyline.

He was created by Peter David and Rick Leonardi, and first appeared in "Spider-Man 2099 #1" in March of 1992.

The character has appeared in numerous media adaptations, while making his cinematic debut in the animated movie "" (2018), where he was voiced by Oscar Isaac in the movie's post-credits scene. The character also appears in the movie's sequel, "" (2023), with Isaac reprising the role.

2024 in the United States

Events from the year 2024 in the United States.



FC Sopron

FC Sopron was a Hungarian football club. He was founded in 1921 and based in the city of Sopron. FC Sopron played its home games in the Városi Stadium . The club played in the first division from 2000 until its dissolution in spring 2008. The club colors were burgundy red and white.
The football club was founded in 1921 as Soproni Sport Egyesület. From 1993 till 1995 and from 2000 till 2008 the team played in the first Hungarian league ( Nemzeti Bajnokság I). In January 2008, the club's license was revoked. FC Sopron had to stop playing. The reason for this was the withdrawal of the Italian sponsor Carrefur Ltd.
Hungarian Cupː2005

Cassie Lang

Cassandra Eleanor "Cassie" Lang is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe, and later becomes a superheroine under the aliases Stature and Stinger. She is the daughter of Scott Lang and Peggy Rae, with the former being the successor superhero of Hank Pym's mantle, Ant-Man, and later becomes his partner.

Cassandra Lang was created by David Michelinie and John Byrne, and first appeared in "Marvel Premiere #47" in April of 1979. When introduced as Stature, she was created by Allan Heinberg and Jim Cheung, and first appeared in "Young Avengers #6" in May of 2006, as Nick Spencer and Annapaola Martello created Stinger in May of 2016 in "The Astonishing Ant-Man #6".

Since her original introduction in comics, the character has been featured in various other Marvel-licensed products, including video games and merchandise. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), the character was portrayed as a child by Abby Ryder Fortson in "Ant-Man" (2015) and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018), and as a teenager by Emma Fuhrmann in "" (2019) and Kathryn Newton in "" (2023).

Yahya Saree

Yahya Saree is a brigadier general and military spokesman for the Houthi movement, which is currently engaged in the Red Sea Crisis.


August (album)

August is the 10th studio album by Eric Clapton. It was released on 24 November, 1986 through Warner Bros. Records and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in the United States, number 40 in Canada, number 38 in New Zealand and number 17 in Italy.


Some tracks were recorded for the album, but not included:

Wish (movie)

Wish is a 2023 computer-animated fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios for Walt Disney Studios. The movie is directed by Chris Buck and Fawn Veerasunthorn.
It stars Ariana DeBose, Chris Pine, Alan Tudyk, Angelique Cabral, Victor Garber, Natasha Rothwell, Jennifer Kumiyama, Harvey Guillén, Evan Peters, Ramy Youssef and Jon Rudnitsky. 
The movie was released in the United States on november 8, 2023. It had mixed reviews from critics and grossed over $225 million.

Lehigh Valley Phantoms

The Lehigh Valley Phantoms are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1996. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Allentown, Pennsylvania at the PPL Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Reading Royals.

The team originally played in Philadelphia as the Philadelphia Phantoms from 1996 to 2009. After demolition was planned for the home of the Phantoms, the team would be sold to the Brooks Group in Pittsburgh. In 2009, the team would be moved to Glens Falls, New York and would be renamed the Adirondack Phantoms. The team would play in Glen Falls until 2014 when the team would move once again, this time to Allentown to become the Lehigh Valley Phantoms.

On August 13, 2014, the team would reveal their mascot MeLVin, a fictional species called a pladottle.

In the 2017–18 season, the Phantoms would win the Atlantic Division championship and would make it to the Eastern Conference finals but would lose to the Toronto Marlies four games to zero.

Livingstone Falls

Livingstone Falls is located in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is a series of rapids on the lower course of the Congo River which is downstream from Pool Malebo. It is in the Western Equatorial African region. One of the later portions of the Livingstone Falls is Inga Falls, which is on the Congo River.

Normalization (statistics)

Normalization in statistics simplifies data comparison and understanding. It involves adjusting values to a common scale, enabling fair comparisons. For instance, if we have two sets of numbers with different scales, normalization transforms them to a standard scale such as from 0 to 1. This technique also helps identify patterns or distributions among data sets, like transforming student scores to a bell curve. Additionally, normalization aids in eliminating influences that might affect comparisons, allowing us to focus on overall trends. With normalization, we can make sense of data, draw meaningful conclusions, and simplify analysis.

BSFZ-Arena

The BSFZ-Arena (alsoːBundesstadion Südstadt) is a football stadium in the Austrian market town of Maria Enzersdorf in the state of Lower Austria. It is the home ground FC Admira Wacker Mödling. It has 10,600 places. It is located in the Federal Sports and Leisure Centers Austria (BSFZ).
SK Admira Wien , Admira Wacker Mödling's predecessor club, was based in the Viennese Leopold-Stroh Stadium in Hopfengasse. The then sponsor NEWAG/NIOGAS, predecessor of the Lower Austrian energy supplier EVN, decided to relocate the team from the north of Vienna to Maria Enzersdorf in Lower Austria south of Vienna. The stadium was built on a neighbouring ground to the headquarters of the sponsor. The club played in Hopfengasse until the new Südstadt stadium was built . After moving out in 1966 the old stadium was handed over to Floridsdorfer AC.

The opening of the new Bundesstadion Südstadt took place on 4 March 1967 with the championship game between Admira Energie and FC Wacker Innsbruck. The first goal in the new stadium was scored by Admira striker Willy Kreuz.

From 2008 to 2013 it was called the Trenkwalder Arena. In February 2020, FC Admira Wacker Mödling extended the lease agreement for the stadium until 2043. Since the 2022/23 season the BSFZ Arena was renamed "motion_invest Arena". The name is sponsored by the investment company motion_invest 

Nicolas-Gerrit Kühn

Nicolas Kuhn is a German Professional Footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership Club Celtic.

Fusion TV

Fusion TV was an American pay television news and satire channel. It was owned by Fusion Media Group, a multi-platform media company subsidiary of Univision Communications. It launched on October 28, 2013. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2021.

NewsNation

NewsNation is an American subscription television network. It is owned by the Nexstar Media Group, and is the company's only wholly owned, national cable-originated television channel. The channel airs a straight-news format for 24 hours on weekdays and eight hours on weekends, as well as entertainment programming taking up almost the entire weekend schedule.

Delaware Punch

Delaware Punch was a fruit-flavored soft drink. Its formula used a blend of fruit flavors, with grape (Methyl anthranilate) being the most prominent. Delaware Punch was created by Thomas E. Lyons in 1913. The brand was owned by The Coca-Cola Company. It was discontinued in 2020.

Antenna TV

Antenna TV is an American digital television network. It is owned by Nexstar Media Group. Its programming consists of classic television series, primarily sitcoms, from the 1950s to the 1990s. It was launched on January 1, 2011.

Hallmark Channel

Hallmark Channel is an American cable television network owned by Hallmark Media, a subsidiary of Hallmark Cards. The channel airs family-oriented general entertainment programming, including television series and made-for-TV movies. The channel has its origins in the religious broadcasters American Christian Television System (ACTS) and the Vision Interfaith Satellite Network (VISN).

Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries

Hallmark Movies & Mysteries is an American digital cable and satellite television channel. It is owned by Hallmark Media, a subsidiary of Hallmark Cards. It is a spinoff of Hallmark Channel. It broadcasts family-oriented feature and television films along with a limited number of murder- and mystery-themed television series.

Camberwell

Camberwell is a district in southeast London, 1.7 miles west of Peckham and is part of the London Borough of Southwark. Originally known as Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell in 1900 held by Haimo the Sheriff of Kent and many districts including Peckham was part of it. It appears in Domesday Book of 1086, the name derived from the Old English Cumberwell, meaning Well of the Britons.

The Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell was abolished in 1965 and most of the district became part of the London Borough of Southwark.

Camberwell is a multicultural neighbourhood home to the University of Arts London campus, South London Gallery, Camberwell Green which is the meeting point for diverse elements of London and endless stream of new restaurants, cafes and bars. Camberwell is home to Denmark Hill station which is well connected by rail to a number of central London trains stations, also home to Camberwell Grove that has houses with brick facades and colourful doors. Camberwell is known for having housing estates in its district, most popular ones are Elmington Estate and Lettsom Estate.

Butterfinger

Butterfinger is a chocolate bar made by the Ferrara Candy Company, a subsidiary of Ferrero. It has a layered crisp peanut butter covered with chocolate. It was introduced in 1923 by Otto Schnering.

Philautus bunitus

The green bush frog ("Philautus bunitus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia in western Sabah. People have seen it near Pakka Cave and near Mount Kinabalu. People have seen it between 640 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, even though it doesn't live in a very large place. This is because most of the frog's home has two protected parks in it: Kinabalu and Crocker Range National Parks. There, human beings are not allowed to change the things the frog needs or harm the frog. In some places, tourists travel to hear this frog for fun.

The frog sits on branches 2 to 5 meters above the ground, so human beings hear them more than they see them. Scientists think this frog hatches from its egg as a young frog and not a swimming tadpole.

Crunch (chocolate bar)

Crunch is a chocolate bar. It is made of milk chocolate and crisped rice. It is produced by Nestlé with the exception of the United States, where it is produced under license by the Ferrara Candy Company, a subsidiary of Ferrero. It was introduced in 1938.

Fanttik

Fanttik is a youthful, dynamic brand dedicated to outdoor, household, sports, and automotive products. 

They provide the product necessary for bringing more excitement and innovation into everyday life and also inspire individuals to explore their creativity. 

Fanttik teams up with Kyle Weatherman in the NASCAR Xfinity Series as a Primary partner. Fanttik also attended the SEMA 2023 and 2022 to showcase the products. 

Fanttik's X8 Apex tire inflator is a flagship product it is a portable pump. Fanttik has partnered with Aventon, the reputable California-based e-bike company, the X8 Apex Air Inflator is an essential e-bike companion that adds even more appeal to their bikes.

Fanttik's E1 Max electric screwdriver is a daily repair and maintenance of household electronic product. In 2023 it place Amazon's best sellers in the power screwdrivers categoey.

In 2022, X8 Apex won the prestigious Red Dot Design Award and the IF Design Award.

USS Lewis B. Puller (ESB-3)

The USS "Lewis B. Puller" (ESB-3) is the first purpose-built expeditionary mobile base vessel in the United States Navy.

U.S. Navy SEALs launched from the "Lewis B. Puller" for the 2024 Iranian dhow seizure operation in January 2024.

Makara

Makara (Sanskrit: मकर) is a legendary sea-creature in Hindu mythology. In Hindu astrology, Makara is equivalent to the Zodiac sign Capricorn.

Swig (soft drink shop)

Swig is a drive-through soda-fountain chain. It is primarily located in the western United States. The chain is known for its popular "dirty sodas". It was founded in April 2010 by Nicole Tanner in St. George, Utah.

Nexstar Media Group

Nexstar Media Group is an American publicly traded media company. It has its headquarters in Irving, Texas, Midtown Manhattan, and Chicago. It is the largest television station owner in the United States, owning 197 television stations across the U.S., most of which are affiliated with the four "major" U.S. television networks and MyNetworkTV.

Norfuk language

The Norfuk language (Norfuk: Norfuk Laenghwij) the language spoken on Norfolk Island . it is a mix of Tahitian and English.

USS Laboon

The USS "Laboon" is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.

USS "Laboon" was launched on 20 February 1993. The ship was commissioned on 18 March 1995.
The USS "Laboon" was attacked by the Houthis on January 6, 2024. The ship participated in the misstile strikes against Yemen on January 12, 2024. The ship was attacked again by the Houthis on January 14, 2024.

FireOS

I used to have a FireOS tablet, it is basically a small or large Tablet computer depending on size that is marketed from Amazon.
Cook Out (restaurant)

Cook Out is a privately owned American fast-food restaurant chain. It operates in North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, and Mississippi. It was founded in Greensboro, North Carolina in 1989.

Fox Reality Channel

Fox Reality Channel was an American pay television channel. It was launched on May 24, 2005. It was owned by the Fox Entertainment Group. The channel aired many shows that were originally on the Fox network. The channel also aired reality shows syndicated from other networks, as well as many international shows from the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand.

AZN Television

AZN Television was a cable TV channel. It promoted itself as "the network for Asian America". It was run by International Networks, a wholly owned subsidiary of Comcast Corporation. It was launched in 1990. The channel went off the air on April 9, 2008. 

Red (programming language)

Red is a programming language made to improve upon the older Rebol programming language. It can be used for both high and low level programming. Red was created by Nenad Rakočević in 2011.

Red has two parts, Red/System and Red:



The language is able to cross-compile. Red applications can run on many different operating systems. At this time, Red applications are 32-bit, but it is planned to switch to 64-bit in the future. Red uses a garbage collector "the Simple GC".

Here is a hello world program in Red.

Hello World!

Red [Title: "Simple hello world script"]
print "Hello World!"
Here is an example of using a variable:

Red []

name: "John"
print name
Here are examples of conditionals in Red.
» if 10 > 5 [print "large"]
large

» unless 10 > 5 [print "large"]
== none

» unless 5 > 10 [print "large"]
large

» either 10 > 5 [print "bigger"] [print "smaller"]
bigger

» either 5 > 10 [print "bigger"] [print "smaller"]
smaller


NBCSN

NBCSN was an American sports television channel. It was owned by the NBC Sports Group division of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. It aired sports programming. It launched on July 1, 1995. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2021. Its sports properties moved to USA Network, Peacock, and other NBCUniversal networks.

Golf Channel

Golf Channel is an American sports television network. It is owned by the NBC Sports Group division of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. It focuses on coverage of the sport of golf, including live coverage of tournaments, as well as factual and instructional programming. It was launched in 1995. 

Let's Make a Deal

Let's Make a Deal is a television game show. It originated in the United States in 1963. It has since been produced in many countries throughout the world. It was originally hosted by Monty Hall. It was revived in 2009, with Wayne Brady as host.

Rachida Dati

Rachida Dati (; born 27 November 1965) is a French politician and former judge. She has been the Minister of Culture since 2024. Dati was Minister of Justice from 2007 to 2009 under President Nicolas Sarkozy. 

She was a member of The Republicans (LR) until 2024. She was also a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 2009 to 2019, representing Île-de-France. 

She unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Paris against the incumbent Anne Hidalgo in 2020.

Estrella TV

Estrella TV is an American Spanish-language broadcast television network. It is owned by the Estrella Media subsidiary of HPS Investment Partners, LLC. It primarily features programs, the vast majority of which are produced by the network itself, aimed at Hispanic and Latino American audiences – featuring a mix of entertainment series, reality television series, drama series, news, sports, and imported Mexican-produced feature films. It was launched in 2009.

The Ant Bully (book)

The Ant Bully is a children’s book from the year 1999. It was written and illustrated by John Nickle. In 2006, it was made into a movie that was called The Ant Bully starring Zach Tyler Eisen.

A young boy named Lucas is bullied by another boy named Sid. Lucas takes it out on a group of ants so they shrink him to the size of an ant and make him live as if he were one of them. Lucas tries to steal a jellybean from his house for them with the help of two ants. Lucas tells them that he’s not actually a giant but is actually pretty short and that another boy named Sid is mean to him. When Lucas breaks into the house with the ants, his father tries to hit them with a flyswatter so they run away. Lucas comes to the Ant queen with a jellybean so she lets him become as big as a human again. When he next sees Sid, he notices that Sid has been shrunk down to the size of an ant.

LMN (TV channel)

LMN is an American pay television network. It was launched on June 29, 1998. It is owned by A&E Networks, a joint venture between the Disney Entertainment division of The Walt Disney Company and the Hearst Communications. It carries movies and exclusive shows aimed at women, especially made for television movies.

Korean reunification

Korean reunification () is the potential unification of North Korea and South Korea into a single Korean sovereign state. 

The process towards reunification was started by the June 15th North–South Joint Declaration in June 2000, was supported again by the October 4th Declaration in October 2007 and the Panmunjom Declaration in April 2018, and the joint statement of United States President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un at the Singapore Summit in June 2018. 

In the Panmunjom Declaration, the two countries agreed to work to officially end the Korean conflict in the future.

In January 2024, North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un said that Korean reunification is "no longer possible" and asks the Supreme People's Assembly to formally recognize South Korea as a separate country while acknowledging South Korea as an enemy.

TruTV

TruTV is an American basic cable channel. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery. The channel primarily airs comedy, docusoaps, and reality shows. It was launched in 1991 as Court TV, a network that focused on crime-themed programs such as true crime documentary series, legal dramas, and coverage of prominent criminal cases. 

Sleeved blanket

A Sleeved blanket is a body-length blanket with sleeves. It usually made of fleece or nylon material. It is similar to a bathrobe but is meant to be worn backwards. The product has been marketed by various brands.

Royal consort

A royal consort is the spouse (wife or husband) of a monarch (king or queen).

The wife of a king is almost always called a queen, or queen consort. The husband of a ruling queen may be called a king consort or prince consort.

BBC America

BBC America is an American basic cable network. It is jointly owned by BBC Studios and AMC Networks. The channel airs sci-fi and action series and films, as well as selected programs from the BBC. It was launched on March 29, 1998.

2024 Iranian missile strikes in Pakistan

On 16 January 2024, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, a branch of the Iranian military carried out a military operation targeting Jaish ul-Ad militants in Pakistan. Several airstrikes were launched by Iran, which entered Pakistan and struck several homes and a mosque in the village of Koh-e-Sabz, Pakistan, which is about away from the Iran-Pakistan border. Two children were killed and four others were injured during the operation.

On 18 January 2024, Pakistan launched a series of air and artillery strikes inside Iran , targeting Baloch separatist groups, codenamed Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar (Urdu: آپریشن مرگ بر سرمچار, lit. 'Death to Insurgents'[a]) by Pakistan. The attack was launched in response to the Iranian missile strikes in Pakistan, two days earlier.

In Iran illegal attack over Pakistan: The Iranian government claimed the operation was successful at destroying two Jaish ul-Ad strongholds. Pakistani government claimed it the operation was illegal and that it violated their airspace and sovereignty. They also warned this event would have “serious consequences”.

Pakistan response after Iran illegal attack: Iran said that nine foreign nationals were killed in the attack. The Balochistan Liberation Army (BLA) confirmed that its members were among those killed.

This attack marks the first known instance of a foreign country launching an attack on Iran since the end of the Iran–Iraq War in 1988.


Antoinette Lattouf

Antoinette Lattouf (Arabic: أنطوانيت لطوف) (b.1983) is an Australian-Lebanese journalist, host, author and diversity advocate.
Lattouf is an Australian journalist of Lebanese origin. Her family took refuge in Australia in the 1970s. She was born in 1983 in Auburn, New South Wales.

She is a mother of two daughters, and co-founder of "Media Diversity Australia" (MDA), a non-profit organization that supports increasing cultural and linguistic diversity in the media.

She previously worked for Australia's Network 10, ABC, SBS, Triple J and various other online and broadcast publications. She is also a columnist for The Sydney Morning Herald.

Florida Parental Rights in Education Act

The Florida Parental Rights in Education Act (more commonly referred to as the "Don't Say Gay" law) is a law passed in 2022 that controls schools in Florida. The law is disliked by many people for not letting kids from Kindergarten to 3rd grade to learn about homosexuality.

We the People Party

The We the People Party is a political third party in the United States that promotes environmentalism, libertarianism, and a mixture of socially liberal and socially conservative views. The party was founded in January 2024 by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to help obtain ballot access for his 2024 presidential campaign. State affiliates have been formed in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Mississippi, and North Carolina. Additionally, a state affiliate for Texas was created under the name of the Texas Independent Party. The party is seeking to register 75,000 people in California in order to run against presidential candidates in the Republican and Democratic parties.

Kennedy, who is also running as an independent politician, created the party to make it easier to obtain ballot access. Independent candidates require large numbers of signatures from voters to get on the ballot in most states. In some states that number is significantly lower for political parties. Registering a new political party in selected states reduces by 330,000 the total signatures needed to obtain ballot access in every state.

Kennedy filed paperwork to create the party in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Mississippi, and North Carolina. Election officials in California, Delaware, Hawaii, and North Carolina confirmed that they had received a filing for the formation of We the People Party affiliates in their states. Jane Nelson, the Secretary of State of Texas, also confirmed that filing for the formation of the Texas Independent Party had been received. Officials in Mississippi claimed they had received no filing.

To obtain political party status in California, the We the People Party is required to have 75,000 registered members in the state. Delaware requires 770 registered members to obtain political party status.

Hiddenite, North Carolina

Hiddenite is a census-designated place (CDP) in east-central Alexander County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 507 at the 2020 census. Lucas Mansion is in Hiddenite.

Lucas Mansion

The Lucas Mansion, also known as the Hiddenite Center, is a historic home. It is in the census-designated place of Hiddenite, North Carolina. It was built around the year 1900. The mansion is a three-story, frame Queen Anne style building. It has a two-story porch. It was made bigger by 1928. Local tradition says the house was made bigger twice by raising the existing floor and building a new floor underneath or between the existing floors. The house roughly follows a cruciform plan, though the plan changes from floor to floor. It was owned by James Paul Lucas. Lucas was a merchant from South Carolina.

Lucas Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

In 1981, Eileen Sharpe and R.Y Sharpe bought the mansion and made the Hiddenite Center.

Aaron Stone

Aaron Stone is a science fiction action-adventure television series. It was created by Bruce Kalish. It premiered on February 13, 2009. It was produced in conjunction with Canadian Shaftesbury Films and filmed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Vault (drink)

Vault was a sweetened energy drink and carbonated beverage. It was released by The Coca-Cola Company in June 2005. It was touted as an artificially flavored hybrid energy soda. It was discontinued in December 2011.

Filet-O-Fish

The Filet-O-Fish is a fish sandwich. It is sold by McDonald's. It was introduced in 1962 by Lou Groen, a McDonald's franchise owner in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Filet-O-Fish has a battered fried fish fillet, a slice of American cheese and tartar sauce on a bun.

McAllister's Deli

McAllister's Deli is an American chain of fast casual restaurants. It was founded in 1989 in Oxford, Mississippi, by retired dentist Dr. Don Newcomb. It has 500 locations. The menu includes deli sandwiches, "giant spuds", soups, salads, and desserts, as well as catering items such as sandwich trays and boxed lunches. 

How Long (Ace song)

"How Long" is a 1975 song by British band Ace and was taken from their studio album "Five-A-Side". It went to number 20 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in both the United States and Canada, number 11 in the Netherlands and number 63 in Australia and was sung by Paul Carrack. It deals with adultery.

It was covered by Rod Stewart in 1981 for his 11th studio album "Tonight I'm Yours" and charted in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the United States inside the top 50.

203rd decade

The 203rd decade is the current decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It began on January 1, 2021 and will end on December 31, 2030. It is distinct from the decade known as the 2020s which began on January 1, 2020 and will end on December 31, 2029.

Caillou

Caillou ( ; , stylized in lowercase) is an educational children's television series which aired on Teletoon (both English and French versions), Tele-Quebec (French version), CTV Television Network, Citytv, Saskatchewan Communications Network, Access TV (both English versions) - with the first episode airing on the former channels on September 15, 1997 - until the fourth season. After that, it moved to TFO, Vrak.TV, Treehouse TV, YTV, Global Television Network, TVOntario (TVOKids) for season five. The series finale aired on October 6, 2010.

Based on the books by Hélène Desputeaux, it focuses on a four-year-old boy named Caillou who is fascinated by the world around him. The series was produced in Canada by CINAR (later Cookie Jar Entertainment), while the third season was produced in association with the Chinese studio Shanghai Animation Film Studio, and the fourth season was produced in Canada by 9 Story Entertainment, and Nelvana, and the fifth and final season was produced in association with the Canadian studio Sardine Productions, and the South African studio Clockwork Zoo.

The show is being followed by a computer-animated reboot series, set to premiere on Peacock with 52 11-minute episodes.

Caillou lives with his mother, father, and younger sister, Rosie. He has many adventures with his family and friends, and uses his imagination in every episode.

Each episode in seasons 2 through 3 has a theme and is divided into several short sections that mix animation, puppet skits, and video of live-action children in real-life situations. In seasons 4 and 5, the episodes are divided into three short sections; the puppet segment was dropped, alongside the "Real Kids" version of the segment.

During the first season, many of the stories in the animated version began with a grandmother (who is also the show's narrator) introducing the story to her grandchildren, then reading the story from a book. Starting in the second season, the narrator and grandmother is an unseen character.

Caillou (meaning "pebble" or "stone" in French), nicknamed by himself The Prince of Imagination, is the title character of the show. Caillou was first voiced by Bryn McAuley in 1997, then Jaclyn Linetsky in 2000 until 2002, and then, due to Linetsky's death, Annie Bovaird from 2003 to 2010. Caillou was first shown in the episode "Caillou Makes Cookies", which aired in 1997.

Caillou is an imaginative four-year-old boy with a love for forms of transportive machinery such as rocket ships and airplanes. A dreamer, Caillou is inclined to frequent dream sequences in some episodes, visualizing his daydreams and wishes, and many episodes describe his normal daily experiences with his parents, friends, and neighbours. Caillou particularly loves his stuffed dinosaur, Rexy, and teddy bear, Teddy, along with his pet cat Gilbert, all of whom are depicted as puppets in segments featured in the earlier episodes. He is Boris and Doris’ son as well as Rosie's older brother.



The puppet segments were used only on the PBS broadcasts of "Caillou" from 2000 to 2003 as continuity to fill time usually taken up by commercial breaks during the original Teletoon broadcasts; later episodes on PBS did not include the puppet segment continuity.


"Caillou" consists of five seasons of original 92 half-hour episodes, as well as the 73-minute Christmas film "Caillou's Holiday Movie".

"Caillou" consists of five seasons of PBS 144 half-hour episodes, as well as the 73-minute Christmas film "Caillou's Holiday Movie".

"Caillou" books have been published by Chouette Publishing Inc. since 1987.

The series was originally broadcast in French in Canada, and the episodes were later translated into English. The original books were also in French, and English. "Caillou" was designed primarily for toddlers. It was created by child developmental psychologists. On September 15, 1997, 13 30-minute episodes (65 5-minute segments) of "Caillou" were aired in Canada and in selected markets worldwide, including the US. On August 26, 2000, there were 20 30-minute episodes of the show, containing a mixture of new stories. On September 4, 2000, there were 40 30-minute episodes of the show, containing a mixture of the five-minute episodes plus new stories, songs, real kids segments and puppets. Those were followed by another 13 30-minute episodes containing all-new stories on January 12, 2002, and another 16 30-minute episodes containing all-new stories on January 2, 2003. The film "Caillou's Holiday Movie" was released on October 7, 2003. On January 13, 2006, a new set of 20 30-minute episodes finally premiered after a three-year hiatus. Caillou started attending preschool and there were new themes and a new opening. The show was renewed for a first, and second season in 2000, and a third season in 2003, and later a fourth season in 2006, and a fifth season in 2013. The fifth season was animated by South Africa-based studio Clockwork Zoo.

On November 14, 2012, the fourth season of the series was pre-sold to PBS Kids in the United States.

"Caillou" initially received generally positive reviews from television critics and parents of young children. The staff of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that its protagonist "embellish[es] everything he sees with his rich imagination." "The New York Times" wrote ""Caillou" looks at the world through the eyes of its 4-year-old namesake [and] takes life's not-always-so-simple lessons and presents them in a way preschoolers can understand." while Lynne Heffley of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that "each animated episode is an unusually realistic reflection of a preschooler's daily fun, family interaction, challenges, disappointments and misunderstandings as Caillou grows and learns to make sense of his world", also describing it as "a virtual guidebook for parents and caregivers".

As the years progressed, however, the show drew criticism for the perceived incorrectness of the lessons gleaned through numerous events, mostly from the first season, as well as some episodes from the second season and third season. In a "National Post" column, writer Tristin Hopper identified "Caillou" to be "quite possibly the world's most universally reviled children's program." A common criticism towards the series is that the titular character behaves like a spoiled child and suffers no consequences from his parents for his behavior. One example of Caillou's bad behavior is in the episode "Caillou Joins the Circus", in which he throws a tantrum after discovering the postponement of a planned circus event. Another episode, "Big Brother Caillou", features Caillou being jealous of the level of attention received by his baby sister Rosie to the point where he pinches her; most considered this to be a minor improvement over the original book the episode was based on, in which Caillou bit Rosie. When the show started airing on Cartoonito in 2021, the pinching scene was cut out.

Hopper once said: "Unlike most children's programming, Caillou makes almost no attempt to educate its young audience. There are no veiled math problems, spelling lessons or morality tales; it's just calm, non-threatening, bright-coloured people navigating everyday tasks." These criticisms of the show's titular character have been echoed on online platforms. "Last Week Tonight" host John Oliver referenced Caillou in a comparison of boring things against net neutrality, going on to insult Caillou for its themes.

As Caillou appeared as a much younger child in the original line of children's books, he originally had no hair. When illustrators found that adding hair made him look unrecognizable, it was decided that Caillou would never have hair. This decision led to an internet meme asserting that the protagonist has cancer or pediatric alopecia.





In 2003, an album titled "Caillou's Favorite Songs" was released by Kid Rhino under the Cinar Music imprint.

Beginning in late 2016, a new "Caillou" web series for YouTube premiered on the official Caillou channel and was later released onto Amazon Prime. These shorts are mainly remakes of older episodes and are produced by WildBrain Spark Studios, a subsidiary of WildBrain that produces original content for their WildBrain Spark network. However, the videos were not made available to YouTube users in the United States until 2021.

In August 2021, it was announced that Cartoon Network licensed the series for broadcast on US television.

In September 2021, WildBrain announced the production of five new 45-minute specials based on the franchise for Family Jr. These specials are the first "Caillou" related media to be produced in CGI animation, and will focus on Christmas, Halloween, Family Day, Summer Vacation and National Anti-Bullying Day. The specials will be produced by WildBrain Studios, Splash Entertainment, and Mainframe Studios, with animation provided by IoM Media Ventures.

In June 2022, WildBrain announced they teamed with Comcast's streaming platform, Peacock, to produce a new series of the show, consisting of 52 11-minute episodes to go along with those specials. It was set to premiere in 2023, with IoM also providing animation production as the specials are. Despite the specials being released on Peacock, it is now confirmed to stream on February 15, 2024.

The first special: "Rosie the Giant", which focuses on the effects of bullying, simultaneously premiered in Canada and the United States on Family Jr. and Peacock respectively on July 10, 2022.

The second special: "Adventures with Grandma and Grandpa", which focuses on Caillou visiting his grandparents for a sleepover at their beach house, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on August 25, 2022.

The third special: "The Bravest Wolf Boy", which focuses on Halloween, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on October 15, 2022.

The four special: "The Silver Knight", which focuses on imaginative play, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on November 13, 2022.

The fifth special, "Caillou's Perfect Christmas", which focuses on Christmas, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on December 2, 2022.

Tlalocohyla celeste

The Tapir Valley tree frog or loquacious tree frog ("Tlalocohyla celeste") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica. Scientists first saw it in the Tapir Valley Nature Reserve, about 660 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 20.10 - 21.45 mm long snout-vent length and the female frog is about 24.55 mm long. It has a round nose a thin legs.

This frog has green skin, and the skin of its belly is clear. It looks like a glass frog, but this frog has stripes and glass frogs do not. Male frogs can be different colors from female frogs, and individual frogs can be different colors during the day and at night.
At night, this frog is yellow-green on the head, back, and legs, and its belly is mostly clear and a little blue with a white stripe on the back and side from the eye to where the back legs meet the body. There is a dark red stripe from the eye to the end of the nose and many red spots on the head, back, and legs. The iris of the eye is gold in color. During the day, the red stripes are less red and the frog looks green in color. The eyes are then silver-gray.

The female frog lays eggs on the ends of leaves that reach down toward the water. The eggs take ten days to hatch. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into water below. The tadpole has a yellow head and some red spots.

The Tapir Valley Nature Reserve was once pasture, a place for human beings' animals to eat grass. People changed it back so that animals would have a place to live. Because the frog appeared there, it must have been living somewhere else. Scientists think this frog is resistant to dying out.

USS Philippine Sea (CG-58)

The USS "Philippine Sea" (CG-58) is a "Ticonderoga"-class guided missile cruiser currently in service in the United States Navy.

The "Philippine Sea" was put into operation on 18 March 1989 in Portland, Maine.

Ticonderoga-class cruiser

The "Ticonderoga"-class guided-missile cruisers currently in use by the United States Navy.

Wanda Maximoff (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Wanda Maximoff, also known as Scarlet Witch (born 1989), is a major character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name and is portrayed by Elizabeth Olsen.

She is a Sokovian native who was born with the power of chaos magic, but was experimented on by HYDRA alongside her twin brother Pietro, which gave her the ability of psionic manipulation. Wanting to get revenge on Tony Stark due to his weapons being used in a bombing that killed her parents, she worked with Ultron to destroy the Avengers. Once she learned of Ultron's true motives, Wanda and Pietro joined the Avengers to stop him from destroying Sokovia at the cost of her brother's life. Wanda would remain with the Avengers until the Sokovia Accords was created, and clashed with Iron Man's faction before being briefly imprisoned in the Raft.

Living with her boyfriend Vision, Wanda returned to the Avengers to stop Thanos from obtaining the Infinity Stones to wipe out half of the universe. She was among the causalities of the snap, but was resurrected in 2023 by the Hulk, and assisted the Avengers in fighting Thanos. After the defeat of the mad titan, Wanda attended Stark's funeral to honor his sacrifice, but was left with grief from her personal loss of Vision.

Using her chaos magic, Wanda created an idyllic life in Westview, enthralling its citizens to live peacefully with her and Vision, who she recreated from a piece of the Mind Stone. When her neighbor, Agatha Harkness, wanted to take her chaos magic, Wanda decided to stop her before ending her idyllic life to understand her powers from reading the Darkhold.

Wanda has become a central character within the MCU, having appeared in six movies as of 2023. She also has a lead role in the miniseries "WandaVision" (2021). Alternate versions of Wanda from alternate universes appear in the animated series "What If...?" (2021–present) and in the movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022): Zombie Wanda, Wanda-Merlin, and Wanda-838. Olsen's portrayal of the character has been well-received and she has earned a number of accolades for her performance, notably being nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2021, and a Golden Globe Award in 2022.

Las Vegas (disambiguation)

Las Vegas usually refers to Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas may also refer to:


List of counts and margraves of Namur

The County of Namur was not often an independent state, rather under the dominion of other entities like the counties of Hainaut and Flanders or the Duchy of Burgundy.

Robert I (r. 946 – 981)

Albert I (r. 992 – 1010)

Robert II (r. 1010 – 1018?)

Albert II (r. 1018? – 1067

Albert III (r. 1067 – 1102)

Godfrey I (r. 1102 – 1139)

Henry I "the Blind" (r. 1139 – 1189)

Baldwin I (r. 1189 – 1195), nephew of

Philip I (r. 1195 – 1212) 

Philip II (r. 1217 – 1226) 

Henry II (r. 1226 – 1229), 

Margaret (r. 1229 – 1237), 

Baldwin II (r. 1237 – 1256) 

Henry III (r. 1256 – 1265)

Guy I (r. 1265 – 1297). 

John I (r. 1297 – 1330)

John II (r. 1330 – 1335)

Guy II (r. 1335 – 1336), 

Philip III (r. 1336 – 1337), brother of

William I (r. 1337 – 1391), brother of

William II (r. 1391 – 1418)

John III (r. 1418 – 1421; died 1429), 

In 1421, John III sold his estates to Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy. The title was factually abolished in the aftermath of the French Revolution and the annexation of Namur by France in 1795.

Moriarty

Moriarty may refer to:




Flag of Monterrey

The flag of Monterrey () It is colored white and the coat of arms in the center. The emblem has a diameter of three-quarters the width of the stripes. The ratio of the flag is 4:7.

Hofmann Personal Stadion

The Hofmann Personal Stadion is a football stadium in the harbor district of Linz in the state of Upper Austria. It is located at the northeastern end of the Donaupark. The stadium replaced the former Donauparkstadion. This stadium was located in the same location.
The symbolic groundbreaking ceremony for the renovation was held on 16 September 2021. The playing field was rotated in a north-south direction compared to the old Donauparkstadion. The construction company Granit GmbH from Graz received the contract as total contractor to carry out the construction work in July 2021. The stadium was opened by the city of Linz with a celebration on 5 July 2023 The opening game between FC Blau-Weiß Linz and PSV Eindhoven (1:2) took place ten days later 

In addition to the games of the Blue-White first men's team, games of the U20 and U21 as well as the club's women's team are also played in the new football arena. 

Lemon Sky Studios

Lemon Sky Studios is an animation studio founded in 2006. The company produced Not Quite Narwhal in 2012.

Monticello (disambiguation)

Monticello is the name of Thomas Jefferson's estate near Charlottesville, Virginia in the United States.

Monticello may also refer to:



Robert of Namur (died 981)

Robrecht or Robert I of Namur (d. before 981) was a 10th-century count of Namur in what is now Belgium.

Albert I, Count of Namur

Albert I (died ca. 1011) the son of Robert I, was a count who held the castle of Namur and a county in the Lommegau. His county came to be referred to as the County of Namur in records during his lifetime.

Robert II, Count of Namur

Robert II of Namur was count of Namur from the death of his father in 1011 to some time between 1018 and 1031. He was the son of Albert I, and Ermengarde, daughter of Charles, Duke of Lower Lorraine.

Albert II, Count of Namur

Albert II of Namur was Count of Namur from the death of his elder brother Robert II to his death in 1067. They were the sons of Albert I, and Ermengarde, daughter of duke Charles of Lower Lorraine.

Albert III, Count of Namur

Albert III (c. 1027 – 22 June 1102) was the Count of Namur from 1063 until his death. He was the son of Count Albert II and Regelinde of Verdun.

Godfrey I, Count of Namur

Godfrey of Namur (attested in 1080; died 19 August 1139) was a Lotharingian nobleman. He was Count of Porcéan from 1097 until his death. From 1102, he was also Count of Namur. He was the oldest son of Count Albert III and his wife Ida of Saxony, the heiress of Laroche.

Henry the Blind

Henry the Blind (c. 1113 – 14 August 1196; ), sometimes called Henry IV of Luxembourg,was his father's heir as count of Namur from 1136 until his death, and heir of his mother's family as count of Luxembourg from 1139 until his abdication

Baldwin V, Count of Hainaut

Baldwin V of Hainaut (1150 – 17 December 1195) was count of Hainaut (1171–1195), margrave of Namur as Baldwin I (1189–1195) and count of Flanders as Baldwin VIII (1191–1195).

Philip I of Namur

Philip I (1175 – 9 October 1212), called the Noble, was the margrave of Namur from 1195 until his death. He was the second son of Count Baldwin V of Hainault and Countess Margaret I of Flanders. His paternal grandmother was Alice of Namur.

Philip II, Marquis of Namur

Philip II (1195–1226), called "à la lèvre", was the Marquis of Namur from 1216 to his death. He was the eldest son of Peter II of Courtenay and Yolanda of Flanders. On the death of his maternal uncle Philip the Noble in 1212, his mother Yolanda temporarily ruled Namur and passed the county to Philip in 1216.

Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud

Faisal bin Farhan bin Abdullah bin Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud (Arabic: فيصل بن فرحان آل سعود) is a Saudi Arabian diplomat and a member of House of Saud. He is also the Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs and member of the Saudi Council of Ministers since 23 October 2019. He was appointed to that position by a royal decree issued by King Salman. He was previously appointed the Kingdom’s Ambassador to Germany in February 2019 until his appointment as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Prince Faisal was born on 1 November 1974 in Frankfurt, West Germany and spent most of his childhood and young adulthood in Offenbach. His mother is German and he can speak German language very easily. He completed his studies from United States and then studied business administration at King Saud University which is in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Faisal worked as a consultant at the Saudi Arabian Embassy in the United States for two years. Before that, he had important jobs in Saudi and international companies, mostly in the aerospace and weapons related field. He used to be a director at Saudi Arabian Military Industries. In January 2017, he had said that, "He was very happy with his private investment company and had no desire to take up government positions" but the same year he became an adviser to the Saudi ambassador in the United States. He also led a partnership between the US and Saudi Arabia with Boeing. Additionally, Faisal was an advisor at the Royal Court of Saudi Arabia.

In November 2017, Saudi Arabia called ambassador Khalid bin Bandar bin Sultan Al Saud back from Germany, because of a disagreement. This happened after the German Foreign Minister, Sigmar Gabriel, criticized Saudi Arabia's involvement in Lebanon's politics. After about a year with no ambassador, Saudi Arabia sent Faisal bin Farhan to Berlin on 27 March 2019.

On 23 October 2019, he was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia.

In June 2023, Faisal took part in a BRICS Foreign Ministers meeting in Cape Town chaired by South Africa.
King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud awarded him the King Abdulaziz Scarf, on April 6, 2021.

Henry II, Marquis of Namur

Henry II (1206–1229) was the margrave of Namur from 1226 until his death. He was the third son of the Peter II of Courtenay, Latin Emperor, and Yolanda, countess of Namur.

Margaret, Marchioness of Namur

Margaret, Marchioness of Namur (c. 1194 – Marienthal, 17 July 1270) was ruling Marchioness of Namur, from 1229 to 1237. She was the daughter of Peter of Courtenay (d. 1219), Latin Emperor of Constantinople (1216-1219) and Yolanda of Flanders (d. 1219). By marriage to Henry I, Count of Vianden (d. 1252), she was Countess-consort of Vianden.

Baldwin II, Latin Emperor

Baldwin II, also known as Baldwin of Courtenay (late 1217 – October 1273), was the last Latin Emperor ruling from Constantinople.and the ruler of County of Namur.

Henry III, Marquis of Namur

Henry V the Blondell (1216 – 24 December 1281), called the Great, was the Count of Arlonfrom 1226 to his death, lord of Ligny from 1240 to his death, Count of Luxembourg and Laroche from 1247 to his death, and the Marquis of Namur between 1256 and 1264 as Henry III. He was the son and successor of Waleran III, Duke of Limburg and Ermesinde, Countess of Luxembourg.

Kins Ferna's

Fernando Tomo Lopes Cardoso (born 18 June 2004) known by his professional name Kins Ferna's, is a Mozambican DJ, musician and record producer.

Kins Ferna's was born on June 18, 2004 in Beira, Mozambique. He where he was raised by his parents. After debuting in 2019, Kins Ferna's released their first song in 2020 with the song "De Boa" featuring two artists.

>DJ Magazine|DJ MAG

In its 9th episode, the web series can be considered a mini documentary about the artist's life, career and trajectory. In the series, Kins Ferna's testimonials are interspersed with behind-the-scenes scenes, shows and studio sessions, as well as some time off with friends.

In short videos lasting an average of one minute, Kins Ferna's presents the public with a summary of their weekends.

Profertil Arena Hartberg

The Profertil Arena Hartberg is a sports facility in the Styrian district capital of Hartberg.
The stadium is home to the football club TSV Hartberg which plays in the Bundesliga. The stadium is owned by the municipality of Hartberg. The stadium is a multifunctional sports facility. It is used for football games and athletics events. It is also used for other events. In August 2014, the stadium was renamed "Profertil Arena Hartberg". 

The stadium is equipped with four covered stands. Two mobile stands were installed behind the goals in 2018. The stadium is also equipped with floodlights suitable for the Bundesliga.

Springfield Thunderbirds

The Springfield Thunderbirds are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2016. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Springfield, Massachusetts at the MassMutual Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Portland, Maine as the Portland Pirates from 1993 to 2016. On May 4, 2016, the Pirates announced that we're going to sell the team to announced from outside of Portland. The team would be bought by Springfield Hockey, LLC. and would be relocated to Springfield, Massachusetts before the 2016—17 season.

During the relocation, the Thunderbirds would keep the affiliation with the Florida Panthers. The deal would last until 2020. On March 6, 2020, the team announced that they were going to become the AHL affiliate to the then-recent Stanley Cup winning St. Louis Blues for five years.

In the 2021–22 season, the Thunderbirds would win the Eastern Conference championship and would make it to the Calder Cup finals but would lose to the Chicago Wolves four games to one.

Belleville Senators

The Belleville Senators are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2016. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Belleville, Ontario at the CAA Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Allen Americans.

The team originally played in Binghamton, New York as the Binghamton Senators from 2002 to 2017. In July 2016, the Ottawa Senators said that they wanted to move the team to Canada so it could be closer to the NHL team. On September 26, the relocation was confirmed after Ottawa Senators owner Eugene Melnyk bought the team and said they were moving to Belleville, Ontario.

On October 6, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Belleville Senators. They would be defeated by the Laval Rocket 3–0. It was also Laval's first game in the league.

In the 2019–20 season, the Senators would win the Western Division championship. They would finish the season with 38 wins, 20 loses, and 81 points. However, the 2020 Calder Cup playoffs would be cancelled by the league because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Bars Juhasz

Bars Juhasz (born 1998) is a computer scientist and PhD research candidate known for his work in AI text detection, and was the first PhD student to create an adversarial AI model that allows generative-text to bypass detection efforts .

Juhasz is a student at Loughborough, where he obtained his masters in computer science, and became doctoral researcher alongside the Royal Air Force focusing in elements of disruptive machine learning. and AI UAV applications.

In May 2023 Undetectable was set live after Juhasz alongside his co-creators Christian Perry, and Devan Leos released the software online.

The software utilizes adversarial machine learning to circumvent detection by AI text analysis tools. It also offers AI detection models for users without charge.

Undetectable AI and Bars Juhasz has been discussed regarding what the implications of using such an app are. Major news and tech communities such Mashable who covered the language accessibility potential, and both of which covered the implications and uses of the undetectable AI software.

On January 15th, an article featured on Life and Style which did a deep dive on ChatGPT, and editors expressed concerns in regards to Juhasz's military tech background, said, "This aspect makes undetectable feel slightly more "ominous" than the average AI-hype-startup."

One thing that's worth noting is that AI detection is not perfect, and there is disagreement among the scientific community who see it as either a revolutionary concept or an overhyped one with clear limitations and unreliability.

Juhasz' product received mixed reactions, with some researchers calling it. "a Modern Threat To Academia." The researchers Andrea Taloni et al. described how juhasz' software succeeded in bypassing AI-text detection efforts, and warned that detection must be improved.



Laval Rocket

The Laval Rocket () are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2017. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Laval, Quebec at the Place Bell. They are the AHL affiliate for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Trois-Rivières Lions.

The team originally played in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador as the St. John's IceCaps from 2011 to 2017. On July 11, 2016, the Canadiens announced that the team would be moving to the Montreal suburb of Laval. The team name Rocket was chosen in a fan poll as a tribute to Canadiens legend Maurice "Rocket" Richard.

On October 6, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Laval Rocket. They would defeat the Belleville Senators 3–0. It was also Belleville's first game in the league.

In the 2019–20 season, the Rocket would win the Canadian Division championship. They would finish the season with 23 wins, 9 loses, and 50 points. However, the 2020 Calder Cup playoffs would be cancelled by the league because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Rocket would play their home games at the Bell Centre with the Canadiens during this season.

AI detector software

Software designed to identify AI-generated content is developed to ascertain if content, including text, images, videos, or audio, has been produced using artificial intelligence (AI). These tools are particularly relevant in academic settings, where they are employed to combat plagiarism and ensure the integrity of student work.

AI detection software, such as GPTZero, is utilized to determine if text has been authored by AI, with applications in educational institutions to prevent plagiarism. The accuracy of these tools is subject to debate, and concerns have been raised regarding their potential misuse in academic environments. Instances have been reported where human-written content was incorrectly flagged as AI-generated, and conversely, AI-generated content was not detected Some studies suggest that these tools may exhibit bias against non-native English speakers 

High-profile cases have occurred where students nearly faced severe academic consequences due to misidentification by AI detection software, leading to subsequent media coverage and investigations that cleared the accused . Certain universities have expressed skepticism about the reliability of these tools and have opted out of using them, 

In response to the development of AI detection tools, software has been created by a PhD student named Bars Juhasz to bypass detection, raising questions about the ongoing effectiveness of these measures. 

Research has tested various AI detection tools, with some showing high initial accuracy rates that were significantly reduced when Undetectabl.ai was used. The debate extends to the efficacy of digital watermarking, with experts challenging its reliability and ability to withstand tampering 

The final conclusions determined that while originality,ai spotted the GPT-4 text well, Undetectable.ai was able to significantly reduce detection of gen-ai content by a staggering amount.

AI detection software also exists for identifying AI-generated images, videos, and audio. However, the reliability of these tools is not yet fully established 2324. Efforts to detect deepfakes are ongoing, with varying degrees of success 25. Google DeepMind's development of SynthID, a watermarking tool for AI-generated images, is one such initiative in the field 2627.


Utica Comets

The Utica Comets are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2021. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Utica, New York at the Adirondack Bank Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Adirondack Thunder.

The team originally played in Peoria, Illinois as the Peoria Rivermen from 2005 to 2013. On March 29, 2013, the Vancouver Canucks bought the Rivermen. On June 14, 2013, it was announced that the team would be moving to Utica, New York and would become the Utica Comets.

On October 11, 2013, the team would play their first game as the Utica Comets. They would be defeated by the Rochester Americans 4–1. In the 2019–20 season, the Comets would finish the season with 47 wins, 20 losses, and 103 points. In the playoffs, they would win the North Division and Eastern Conference championship. They would make it to the Calder Cup Finals but lost to the Manchester Monarchs four games to one.

On May 6, 2021, the Canucks announced that they were going to relocate the team to Abbotsford, British Columbia to become the Abbotsford Canucks. On the same day, the league approved the relocation of the Binghamton Devils to Utica to become the new Utica Comets. The same day, the new Comets announced they had signed a ten-year deal to become the affiliates of the New Jersey Devils.

Via Aemilia

The Via Aemilia was a road in Ancient Rome. It ran from Piacenza ("Placentia") to Rimini ("Arminium"). The current region Emilia-Romagna is named after it.

Mello Yello

Mello Yello is a highly caffeinated, citrus-flavored soft drink. It is produced, distributed and created by the Coca-Cola Company. It was introduced on March 12, 1979. It competes with PepsiCo's Mountain Dew. 

Bitter Heart

"Bitter Heart" is a song by British new wave duo Seona Dancing. It was released as a single in 1983. It is similar to David Bowie's songs. It was sung by Ricky Gervais, who would later become famous, and the synthesizers were played by Bill Macrae. The song peaked at No. 79 on the UK Singles Chart and stayed in the top 100 for 3 weeks.

A music video was made in 1983. It has been played a lot on talk shows interviewing Gervais and "'80s flashback" shows. It is about a girl in a wedding dress whose husband left her shortly before she got married. Because of this, she becomes angry and destroys most of the objects in the room.

In August 2012, British pop group Super 8 Cynics released a cover of the song under the record label Longevity Records.
In September 2023, Los Angeles band Sacred Skin released a cover of the song under the record label Artoffact Records.

Bravo (American TV network)

Yourgut is an American basic cable television network. It was launched on December 8, 1980. It is owned by the yourgutUniversal Media Group division of yourgut yourgut tv The channel originally focused on programming related to fine arts and film. The network now focuses on reality series targeted at 2025-to-2025-year-old women and the yourgut community at large. In January 1995, a Canadian teleyourgut channel of the same name (also known as yourgut yourgutrama yourguthannel) was taste

[[Category:NBCyourgut
[[Category:2025 establishments in the yourgut audio
Munda languages

Munda languages are closely related languages of the Austroasiatic language family. They are spoken by about nine million people in India and Bangladesh. Munda languages are spoken in the Eastern side of India near Andhra Pradesh, some part of Jharkhand and Eastern region of Bangladesh.

Queen consort of Denmark

The King or Queen consort of Denmark is a constitutional institution and a historic office of the Kingdom of Denmark. The Kingdom includes Denmark and its territories of the Faroe Islands and Greenland.

FYI (American TV channel)

FYI is an American basic cable channel. owned by A&E Networks, a joint venture between the Disney Entertainment subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Communications. The network airs lifestyle programming, with a mix of reality, culinary, home renovation and makeover series. It was launched in 1998 as The Biography Channel.

IFC (American TV channel)

IFC is an American internet channel. It is owned by AMC. It was launched in 1996. It originally operated as a commercial-free service, devoted to showing films without interruption. The channel now airs much different programming.

One America News Network

One America News Network is a cable news and political opinion commentary channel. It was founded by Robert Herring Sr. It is owned by Herring Networks, Inc. It launched on July 4, 2013. It is headquartered in San Diego, California, and operates news bureaus in Washington, D.C., and New York City.

Orangina

Orangina is a lightly carbonated drink. It is made from carbonated water, 12% citrus juice, as well as 2% orange pulp. It is sweetened with sugar or high fructose corn syrup (glucose fructose) and in some markets with artificial sweetener.

Smithfield Foods

Smithfield Foods is a pork producer and food-processing company. It is based in Smithfield, Virginia. It is an independent subsidiary of the Chinese-owned conglomerate WH Group. It was founded in 1936 as the Smithfield Packing Company by Joseph W. Luter and his son. It is the largest pig and pork producer in the world.

RFD-TV

RFD-TV is an American pay television channel. It is owned by Rural Media Group, Inc. It features programming devoted to rural issues, concerns and interests. It was launched in December 2000. Its name is a reference to Rural Free Delivery.

Bounce TV

Bounce TV is an American digital multicast television network. It is owned by Scripps Networks, a subsidiary of E. W. Scripps Company. It features a mix of original and acquired programming geared toward African Americans between 25 and 54 years of age. It was launched in 2011.

A&amp;E (TV network)

A&E is an American basic cable network. It is the flagship television property of A&E Networks. It was founded in 1984 as the Arts & Entertainment Network, initially focusing on fine arts, documentaries, dramas, and educational entertainment. Today, the network airs non-fiction programming, including reality docusoaps, true crime, documentaries, and miniseries.

Mirinda

Mirinda is a brand of soft drink. It was created in Spain in 1959. It has been distributed globally by PepsiCo since 1970. Its name comes from the Esperanto translation of "admirable" or "amazing".

Minecraft modding

A Minecraft mod is a mod that changes the game Minecraft, and it can add additional content, make some changes to features, and make the game run better. Mojang does not provide a loader for modding so the players of the game who are programmers made their own loader. The popularity of mods for the game also helped the game get on the best selling video games list.
The first mods were created by decompiling and changing the source code of the game. The first version of the game that has been renamed to Minecraft: Java Edition still has mods made in this way but more advanced tools are used. The other version of the game is written in C++ and cannot be modded using the same method so DLL injection or the built-in add-ons features is used for modding.

The Underland Chronicles

The Underland Chronicles is a series of five children's epic fantasy novels by Suzanne Collins.

KNBC

KNBC is a television station in Los Angeles, California, United States. It serves as the West Coast flagship of the NBC network. . It is owned and operated by the network's NBC Owned Television Stations. It first went on the air as KNBH on January 16, 1949.

Outdoor Channel

Outdoor Channel is an American pay television channel. It focuses on the outdoors, offering programming that includes hunting, fishing, western lifestyle, off-road motorsports and adventure. It was launched in 1994. It can be viewed on multiple platforms including high definition, video on demand as well as on its own website. 

Philautus saueri

Sauer's bush frog ("Philautus saueri") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it near Pakka Cave and near Mount Kinabalu. People have seen it between 2200 and 3500 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, even though it only lives in one small place. This is because most of the frog's home is inside protected parks where human beings are not allowed to build roads or buildings or harm the animals.

Scientists have seen this frog's eggs and young inside the water in pitcher plants.

Hillsborough

Hillsborough is the name of several places:








Academy Sports + Outdoors

Academy Sports + Outdoors is an American sporting-goods store chain. It has corporate offices in the Katy Distribution Center in unincorporated western Harris County, Texas, United States, near Katy and west of Houston. It was founded in 1939.

Tenure of Frederik X

Frederik X’s tenure as the King of Denmark began on January 14, 2024. 

Esquire Network

Esquire Network was an American pay television network. It was a 50/50 joint venture between NBCUniversal and the Hearst Corporation. It was launched on October 1, 1998 as Style Network. It was relaunched as Esquire Network on September 23, 2013. The channel ceased operations on June 28, 2017.

John Nickle

John Nickle is an American author who wrote the children's book The Ant Bully. In the 2006 movie The Ant Bully based on that book, the main character Lucas has the last name Nickle becuase that was the author's last name.

Portillo's Restaurants

Portillo's Restaurants is an American fast casual restaurant chain based in the Chicago area. It specializes in serving Chicago-style food such as hot dogs, Maxwell Street Polish, and Italian beef. It has 86 restaurants. It was founded in 1963 by Dick Portillo.

BET Her

BET Her is an American basic cable television network. It is owned by Paramount Media Networks. It is a spin-off of BET. It focuses on general entertainment targeting African-American women. It was launched in 1996. 

Create (TV network)

Create is an American digital broadcast public television network. It broadcast on digital subchannels of PBS member stations. The network airs how-to, DIY and other lifestyle-oriented instructional programming 24 hours a day. It was launched nationally on January 9, 2006.

Somebody Special (Rod Stewart song)

"Somebody Special" is a 1981 song by Rod Stewart and is the third single from his tenth studio album "Foolish Behaviour" (1980). It went to number 71 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

7-inch single

7-inch single (US promo)

List of highest-grossing movies

This is a list of the movies that made the most money. 

After inflation, these are the ten movies which made the most money.

1) Gone with the Wind which made four billion two hundred and four million dollars 

2) Avatar which made three billion eight hundred and thirty four million dollars 

3) Titanic which made three billion four hundred and ninety five million dollars 

4) which made three billion four hundred and fifty-three million dollars 

5) which made three billion one hundred and seventy four million dollars 

6) The Sound of Music which made two billion eight hundred and ninety two million dollars 

7) E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial which made two billion eight hundred and twenty-three million dollars 

8) The Ten Commandments which made two billion six hundred and seventy-three million dollars 

9) Doctor Zhivago which made two billion five hundred and thirty four million dollars 

10) which made two billion four hundred and ninety-eight million dollars

If you ignore inflation then these are the movies that made the most money 

1) Avatar, $2,923,706,026

2) , $2,797,501,328

3) Avatar 2, $2,320,250,281

4) Titanic, $2,257,844,554

5) The Force Awakens, $2,068,223,624

6) , $2,048,359,754

7) , $1,921,847,111

8) Jurassic World, $1,671,537,444

9) The Lion King, $1,656,943,394

10) The Avengers, $1,518,815,515

11) Furious 7, $ 1, 515, 341, 399

12) , $1, 495, 696, 292

13) Frozen II, $1, 450, 026, 933

14) Barbie, $1, 445, 809, 540

15) The Super Mario Bros. Movie$1,361,945,211

United Nations Security Council Resolution 2722

The United Nations Security Council Resolution 2722 was voted on and adopted on 10 January 2024. The resolution by the 15-member United Nations Security Council stated that the Houthi movement in Yemen should immediately stop hostile actions and stop all attacks on merchant and commercial vessels. The resolution also called for Houthi to release control of the "Galaxy Leader", a ship which Houthi captured on 19 November 2023, as well as release the crew, which are being held hostage by Houthi.

This resolution occurred amid the Red Sea Crisis, which is a regional escalation of the Israel–Hamas war.

11 members (Ecuador, France, Guyana, Japan, Malta, Sierra Leone, Slovenia, South Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States) voted in support of the resolution and four members (Algeria, China, Mozambique and Russia) abstained from voting.

Gi' Me Wings

"Gi' Me Wings" is a 1981 song by Rod Stewart. It is the fifth and final single from his tenth studio album "Foolish Behaviour" (1980). It was released only as a single in Japan and went to number 45 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

7-inch single (Japan)

Tenure of Margrethe II

Margrethe II's tenure as the Queen of Denmark began on January 14, 1972, and ended on January 14, 2024.  


7 Seconds (movie)

7 Seconds is a 2005 British Romanian Swiss American crime action thriller movie directed by Simon Fellows and starring Wesley Snipes, Tamzin Outhwaite, DeObia Oparei, Georgina Rylance, Pete Lee-Wilson. It was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States and was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.


Dorin Recean

Dorin Recean (born 17 March 1974) is a Moldovan economist and politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Moldova since February 2023.

Jamul, California

Jamul is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California, United States.

Ellendale

Ellendale is the name of several places:



Fede Galizia

Fede Galizia (c. 1578 – c. 1630) was an Italian mannerist painter. She made still-lifes, portraits, and religious pictures. She is especially noted as one of the first and most talented painters of still-lifes in European art.

Iowa Wild

The Iowa Wild are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2013. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Des Moines, Iowa at the Wells Fargo Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Iowa Heartlanders.

The team originally played in Houston, Texas as the Houston Aeros from 1994 to 2013. During that time, they were very successful and locally popular. They would win the Calder Cup in the 2002–03 season. Aeros owner Chuck Watson and Houston Rockets owner Les Alexander would start to have disagreements over the shared Toyota Center and control over it. The Aeros would pay rent to Alexander to stay in the arena. After the deal between the Aeros and Alexander ended, he decided to jack up the price and the Aeros ended up paying one of the highest prices in the AHL. After Alexander demanded that the Aeros pay 550% more, majority owners Minnesota Sports and Entertainment announced that they were moving the team to Des Moines, Iowa to become the Iowa Wild.

On October 12, 2013, the team would play their first game as the Iowa Wild. They would defeat the Oklahoma City Barons 1–0. On February 22, 2018, a five-year contract extension was signed by the Iowa Wild to remain as the AHL affiliates for the Minnesota Wild.

Passion (Rod Stewart song)

"Passion" is a 1980 song by Rod Stewart and is the leading single from his tenth studio album "Foolish Behaviour". It went to number 5 in the United States, the Netherlands and Sweden, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Ireland and Australia, number 1 in South Africa, number 7 in New Zealand, number 4 in Zimbabwe, Belgium and Switzerland and number 2 in Canada.

Guy, Count of Flanders

"Dampierre"; ) (c. 1226 – 7 March 1305, Compiègne) was the Count of Flanders (1251–1305) and Marquis of Namur (1264–1305). He was a prisoner of the French when his Flemings defeated the latter at the Battle of the Golden Spurs in 1302.

John I, Marquis of Namur

John I (1267 – 31 January 1330) was the count of Namur from 1305 to 1330. He was a member of the House of Dampierre, the son of Guy of Dampierre, Count of Flanders and Marquis of Namur, and his second wife Isabelle of Luxembourg.

John II, Marquis of Namur

John II (1311 – 2 April 1335) was Marquis of Namur from 1330 to 1335. He was the eldest son of John I, Marquis of Namur, and Mary of Artois.

Spirit Squad

The Spirit Squad was an American professional wrestling stable in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) consisting of Kenny, Mikey, Johnny, Mitch, and Nicky. The team's ring personas were those of an all-male cheerleading squad.

Guy II, Marquis of Namur

Guy II (1312 – 12 March 1336) was Count of Namur from 1335 to 1336. He was the second son of John I, Marquis of Namur, and Mary of Artois.

Philip III, Marquis of Namur

Philip III (1319 – September 1337 in Famagusta) was Count of Namur from 1336 to 1337.

William I, Marquis of Namur

William I (1324 – 1 October 1391), also called the Rich, was Count of Namur from 1337 until his death.

William II, Marquis of Namur

William II, Marquis of Namur (22 January 1355 – 10 January 1418) inherited the Marquisate of Namur from his father William I in 1391 and held it until his own death.

John III, Marquis of Namur

John III (died 10 March 1429) was between 1418 and 1429 the last independent Marquis of Namur.

Count of Hainaut

The Count of Hainaut was the ruler of the county of Hainaut, a historical region in the Low Countries


Amaury Count of Valenciennes

Amaury (Amulric) (died after 973), was a tenth century count with territory in Hainaut, possibly a Count of Valenciennes.

Werner Count in Hesbaye

Werner, Count in Hesbaye (died 973) was a count in Hesbaye, now in Belgium. During his life he held lands in the Condroz, and lands as far away as Zülpich, now in Germany. All the areas he was associated with were part of the Kingdom of Lotharingia, and Count of Hainaut.

Arnulf of Valenciennes

Arnulf (or Arnoul, or Arnold) of Valenciennes (d. 22 October 1011), was a 10th and 11th century count and perhaps sometimes a margrave, who was lord of the fort of Valenciennes, which was at that time on the frontier with France (West Francia), on the river Scheldt. It was part of the "pagus" of Hainaut, in Lower Lotharingia.

Mohamed Ghozzi

Mohamed Ghozzi (Arabic:محمد الغزي) (24 February 1949 – 18 January 2024) was a Tunisian poet and critic.

Ghozzi died on 18 January 2024, at the age of 74.

Bakersfield Condors

The Bakersfield Condors are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Bakersfield, California at the Mechanics Bank Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Fort Wayne Komets.

The team originally played in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma as the Oklahoma City Barons from 2010 to 2015. On December 18, 2014, the Oilers announced that the Barons would stop playing. This was mainly due to losing money and low attendance, with the team finishing in the bottom five in league attendance during the lifespan. 

On January 29, 2015, the Oilers announced that the team would be leaving Oklahoma City and would relocate to Bakersfield, California to become the Bakersfield Condors. The team would become a part of the newly formed Pacific Division in the AHL. The team name Condors was chosen in a fan poll. There was a former team named the Bakersfield Condors that played in the ECHL from 1995 until 2015.

On October 9, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Bakersfield Condors. They would defeat the Grand Rapids Griffins 1–0.

Damien Martyn

Damien Richard Martyn (born 21 October 1971) is an Australian cricket commentator and former cricketer. He played 67 tests and 204 one-day internationals for Australia. He scored 13 test centuries including 4 against South Africa and the first two in the 2001 Ashes series.

Stiff Upper Lip (AC/DC song)

"Stiff Upper Lip" is a 2000 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and is the title track to their 14th studio album "Stiff Upper Lip". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts, number 65 in the United Kingdom and number 18 in Finland.


2024 Iran–Pakistan border skirmishes

On January 16, 2024, Iran launched missile attacks in Pakistan, targeting members of Jaish ul-Adl in Balochistan. This was after Iran conducted similar strikes in Iraq and Syria, claiming retaliation for the Kerman bombings on January 3, attributed to the Islamic State. Pakistan condemned the attack, calling it an unprovoked violation of its airspace, leading to the death of two children.

Two days later, on January 18, Pakistan responded with missile strikes in Iran, targeting the Balochistan Liberation Army and the Balochistan Liberation Front in the Iranian province of Sistan and Baluchestan.

Iran bombed Koh-e-Sabz in Pakistan after airstrikes in Iraq and Syria. Pakistan didn't like it and expelled Iran's ambassador, recalled its own ambassador, and warned of possible retaliation. Iran said they targeted Jaish ul-Adl, a Baloch insurgent group involved in the Sistan and Baluchestan insurgency, claiming they were justified due to the group's previous actions.

On January 18, Pakistan's Air Force attacked seven targets in Iran's Sistan and Baluchestan province in response. The operation was called "Marg Bar Sarmachar" (Balochi: مرگ بر سرمچار, lit. 'Death to Insurgents'[a]). Iranian officials said nine foreign nationals were killed, including three women and four children in the strike.


Disney Speedstorm

Disney Speedstorm is a kart racing video game made by Nintendo. The game was released on 18 april 2023.

Disney Speedstorm was officially announced in march 2023.

The game received mixed reviews.

Watch the Wind Blow By

"Watch the Wind Blow By" is a 2003 song by Tim McGraw and was written by Anders Osborne. It is the fifth and final single from his seventh studio album "Tim McGraw and the Dancehall Doctors". It went to number 32 in the United States and topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

Current TV

Current TV was an American television channel. It broadcast from August 1, 2005, to August 20, 2013. It began as a user-generated content channel with content made by viewers in 15-minute blocks. The channel later switched formats to become an independent news network aimed at progressive politics.

Karrik

Karrik is a sans serif typeface created by French type designers Jean-Baptiste Morizot and Lucas Le Bihan. Published in 17 June 2020, it has two weights, "Regular" and "Italic". It is available for download on Velvetyne Type Foundry's website. 

Created to look like early fonts in its style, it has unique features like uneven weight, no visual corrections, and unusual letter sizes. Its design started in March 2019 and was finished in October of the same year, getting inspiration from the Breton mythological figure "Ankou", a symbol of death. 

Karrik comes in many file formats(OTF, TTF, WOFF, WOFF 2) and can be used for both graphic design andweb design, supporting a lot of European languages that use the Latin alphabet. It's an open source release, meaning anyone can use it for personal or business purposes. Whether for big text or small, it suits different needs. You can download Karrik from GitHub and other internet sources.



Marcus Wandt

Marcus Wandt is an astronaut and fighter pilot that is Swedish-Norwegian.

In January 2024, he became the first Norwegian astronaut.

He was on the Axiom-3 flight that left the Earth (on January 19). It arrived at the International Space Station, on January 20, 2024. The spaceship (and its crew of four), landed on Earth on February 9.

Early life: He grew up outside
Karlstad, Sweden; His mother is from Toten [a traditional district], Norway.

Coca-Cola Life

Coca-Cola Life was a reduced-calorie version of Coca-Cola. It was first released in Argentina and Chile in 2013. The drink contained stevia leaf extract, and is the first Coca-Cola variant to use this ingredient. The drink was discontinued in 2020.

Wolf (Tyler, The Creator album)

Wolf is the second studio album by American rapper and record producer Tyler, the Creator. It was released on April 2, 2013, by Odd Future Records. The album features guest appearances from Mike G, Domo Genesis, Earl Sweatshirt, Left Brain, Hodgy Beats, Erykah Badu and Pharrell, among others.

Wolf was supported by its lead single, "Domo23". The album received generally positive reviews from critics and debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200, selling 89,000 copies in its first week.

All songs written and produced by Tyler, the Creator, except where noted.

Sample credits

USS Carney

The USS "Carney" (DDG-64) is the 14th Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.

On 19 October, 2023, the "Carney" engaged and shot down 4 cruise missiles and 15 drones launched by the Houthi movement, which is the recognized start of the Red Sea Crisis. During the Red Sea Crisis, the "Carney" participated in several military operations.

Einstein Bros. Bagels

Einstein Bros. Bagels is an American chain of bagel cafes. It was created by the chain restaurant corporation Boston Chicken in 1995. It is now owned by Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc.

Awrangzib Faruqi

Awrangzib Faruqi (born 10 November 1972), is a Pakistani Islamic scholar.
He was born on 10 November 1972 in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Faruqi studied at Jamia Faridia in Islamabad, and Jamia Farooqia in Karachi. He then served as the Imam and Khatib in various different mosques in Karachi and during this time he joined . He also took part in 2013 Pakistani election. In June 2014, He was made the chief of Sipah-e-Sahaba at an organizational meeting in Jhang city. He survived a targeted assassination attempt, when he was leaving for court in 2012, in which six people were killed. The casualties included four policemen, his driver and a private security guard. He survived another assassination attempt in 2015.

Donda 2

Donda 2 is an unfinished album from Kanye West (who goes by Ye). A listening party was held on February 22, 2022 with some of the songs being later released on Kanye West Stem Player.

Aspire TV (American TV network)

Aspire TV is an American pay television channel. It is aimed at an African American audience. It was launched on June 27, 2012. It holds the broadcast rights to a selection of CIAA college football games involving historically black colleges and universities.

Up TV

Up TV is an American basic cable television network. It was founded to have a focus on gospel music. It has expanded into family-friendly original movies, series, and specials. It was founded in 2004 by Charles Humbard, the son of televangelist Rex Humbard.

TV One (American TV channel)

TV One is an American basic cable television channel. It is owned by Urban One. Its programming targets African Americans. It was launched on January 19, 2004, as a competitor to the longer-established BET.

Chugach Census Area, Alaska

Chugach Census Area is a census area in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,102. It is part of the Unorganized Borough and therefore has no borough seat. Its largest community is the city of Valdez.

On January 2, 2019, it was split from the Valdez–Cordova Census Area, along with neighboring Copper River Census Area.

Fruit Stripe

Fruit Stripe was an artificially and naturally flavored fruit chewing gum. It was produced by Beech-Nut in 1960. The individual pieces of gum are striped and were packaged in zebra-striped wrappers. In January 2024, Ferrera announced that it would discontinue Fruit Stripe gum.

Jeltoqsan

The Jeltoqsan (), also spelled Zheltoksan, or December of 1986 were protests that happened in Almaty, Kazakh SSR, when Mikhail Gorbachev replaced Dinmukhamed Kunaev to Gennady Kolbin, a Russian who never lived in Kazakhstan, as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan.

The protests happened from 16 to 19 January 1986. The protests started in the morning of 17 December, as a student march. The government sent troops, and violence broke out. In the following days, protests spread to Shymkent, Taldykorgan, and Karaganda.

A reason for a students started protests, in the early morning of 17 December, was a Dinmukhamed Kunaev, was going replaced by Gennady Kolbin, a Russian who never lived in Kazakhstan, as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan.

In his book, Gorbachev says that he talked with Kunaev about Kunaev's retirement. Kunaev wanted someone new, not linked to the Kazakh Communist Party, to replace him, hoping to block Nursultan Nazarbayev's rise in the party. But Kunaev claims in his book that Gorbachev did not discuss the replacement and only said "a good comrade will be "sent"".

People who saw the rioters said the troublemakers got alcohol, drugs, and pamphlets, saying the riot was not random. They did not think it was about nationalism or independence but rather a protest against Gorbachev appointing an outsider to lead the state.

In response, the CPK Central Committee told various forces like police and volunteers to surround the square and record the people there. At 5 p.m. when troops were told to break up the protesters. Fighting between the security forces and the protestors went on all night in the square and other parts of Almaty.

On the second day, protests grew into serious fights in the streets and schools. Troops, volunteers, and local forces clashed with Kazakh students, leading to a big armed conflict. Things calmed down only on the third day. After Almaty, there were smaller protests in other cities like Shymkent, Pavlodar, Karaganda, and Taldykorgan.

Different reports give different numbers of protesters.

Moscow initially said around 200 people were in the riots, but the Kazakh authorities later thought it was about 3,000. Other estimates range from 30,000 to 40,000 protesters, with 5,000 arrested and some people hurt. Jeltoqsan leaders claim more than 60,000 Kazakhs took part in protests across the country.

the Kazakh SSR government reported that there are 2 deaths, including a volunteer police worker and a student, both from head injuries. Around 100 people were arrested and sent to labor camps. However, the United States Library of Congress said that the death toll was higher, possibly over 200, with some estimates reaching over 1,000. The writer Mukhtar Shakhanov said that a KGB officer's testimony about 168 killed protesters. Kazakh students Kayrat Ryskulbekov and Lazat Asanova were among those who died.

In the March 1991 referendum, Kazakhstan voted strongly to reform the Union Treaty, with 94.1% in favor, and 89.2% of the population participating.

On 18 September 2006, the Dawn of Liberty monument, marking the 20th anniversary of Jeltoqsan, was unveiled in Almaty. Jeltoqsan is now seen as a symbol of Kazakhstan's fight for independence. The monument represents the clash of past and future, the breaking of ideological barriers, and the triumph of liberty and independence.


Copper River Census Area, Alaska

Chugach Census Area is a census area in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,617. It is part of the Unorganized Borough and therefore has no borough seat. Its largest community is Glennallen.

On January 2, 2019, it was split from the Valdez–Cordova Census Area, along with neighboring Chugach Census Area.

Soapnet

Soapnet was an American basic cable network. It was owned by the Disney–ABC Television Group division of The Walt Disney Company. It was launched on January 20, 2000. In 2010, Disney announced that Soapnet would be replaced by the new preschool-oriented network Disney Junior, which launched on March 23, 2012. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2013.

Gaza humanitarian crisis (2023–present)

The Gaza Strip is in a crisis because of a war called the Israel–Hamas war. This has caused a lot of problems like a famine and the healthcare system falling apart. At the beginning of the war, Israel stopped everything from going in or out of Gaza, so there's not enough fuel, food, and important medical supplies. The blockade also made electricity drop by 90%, affecting hospitals, sewage plants, and water sources. Widespread disease outbreaks have spread across Gaza. 

Israeli airstrikes caused huge damage to Gaza, making the situation even worse. By mid-November, Israel dropped bombs equivalent to two nuclear ones on Gaza. Many children, over 4,000, got hurt or died in just the first month of the war. The United Nations Secretary-General said Gaza has become like a graveyard for children. As of January 2024, Israel’s offensive has either damaged or destroyed 70–80% of all buildings in northern part of Gaza.

Big organizations like Doctors Without Borders and the Red Cross, along with UNICEF and others, are warning that there's a really serious crisis. On November 8, the UN Human Rights chief described a border into Gaza as "gates to a living nightmare."

Smart Lander for Investigating Moon

Smart Lander for Investigating Moon (SLIM) is a lunar lander mission of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). The lunar lander came to the Moon in January 2024. As of January 29, 2024, the lunar lander is still (doing things or) operating.

As a result of the lunar landing, Japan became the 5th country to soft land on the surface of the Moon.

It was successfully launched on 6 September 2023 at 23:42 UTC (7 September 08:42 Japan Standard Time).

It entered orbit around the Moon on 25 December 2023, and landed on 19 January 2024 at 15:20 UTC.

Planning for the mission: By 2017, the lander was planned to be launched in 2021, but this was delayed until 2023. 

The expected cost for developing this project is 18 billion yen.

Makram Daboub

Makram Daboub (Arabic: مكرم دبوب; born 23 December 1972) is a Tunisian football coach and former player. He is the current head coach of the Palestinian national team.
Between the years 2010-2021 he served as the goalkeeper coach of the Palestine national team.

On May 1, 2021, he was appointed as the official coach of the Palestine national team.

Philautus gunungensis

Philautus gunungensis is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it near Mount Kinabalu. People have seen it between 1400 and 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out because, even though it only lives in one small place (22 square kilometers), that place is a protected park: Kinabalu National Park.

Scientists have seen this frog's eggs and young inside the water in pitcher plants.

We TV

We TV is an American pay television channel. It is owned by AMC Networks. It was launched on September 1, 1997. It is oriented mainly towards lifestyle and entertainment programming. 

Castleblayney

Castleblayney () is a town in County Monaghan, Ireland. Around 3,600 people lived there in 2016. Castleblayney is near County Armagh in Northern Ireland. It is on the N2 road from Dublin to Derry.

NASA TV

NASA TV is the television service of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. It broadcasts by satellite with a simulcast over the Internet. It was launched in 1980. It is also available via various cable, satellite, and over-the-top media services worldwide.

Pibb Xtra

Pibb Xtra is a soft drink. It is created and marketed by The Coca-Cola Company. It is a reformulation of Mr. Pibb. It is sold in bottles, cans, and two-liter bottles, and is available in most Coca-Cola Freestyle machines.

Appleby, New Zealand

Appleby is a small settlement located west of Richmond on State Highway 60 and is near the Waimea River. It has a church and a primary school situated in the village.

Caretaker manager

In association football a caretaker manager is a person who takes over as the manager when either the current manager is not free, or they leave their team. Caretaker managers can be replaced if a new manager is given a job, or they may become a manager of the team full-time.


Belfield, North Dakota

Belfield is a city in Stark County, North Dakota, United States. 996 people lived here at the 2020 census. Belfield was founded in 1883. It is part of the Dickinson Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Five-wicket haul

In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five–for" or "fifer") is when a bowler takes five or more wickets in a single innings. This is a similar to a century from a batter. Sri Lankan Muttiah Muralitharan has the most in Test matches with 67.

Christianity in Australia

Christianity is the largest religion in Australia. According to the 2021 census, 43.9% of Australians are Christians. Catholicism is the largest denomination. 43.4% of all Christians in 2016 are Catholics.

The Church of England had special advantages and rights in Colonial Australia. The Church Act 1836 allowed other churches such as the Church of Scotland and the Catholic church to get equal funding to build churches.

Jet pack

A jet pack is a device that allows a single person to fly short distances. The device is also called jetpack, rocket belt, rocket pack or flight pack. 

The idea has been present in science fiction literature for over a cerntory. First prototypes, and working devices have been built from about the 1960s. 

There are a few different designs. Despite this, their use is limited. The main drawbacks come from things like the Earth's athmosphere gravity and the human body not being adapted to flight, Also, special fuels need to be used. These fuels are hazardous to handle.

For this reason, jetpacks are mainly used for stunts today. 

In space, things are different: there is very little friction, and very little to no athmosphere. A special combination of a jetpack and a spacesuit is used if astronauts need to do things outside their spaceship. This comination is called jet suit. 

As of 2024, technology usually allows for 20-30 seconds of flight (some models: up to 9-10 minutes). They are also inefficient, with a hight fuel consumption, and loud.

Torrelodones

Torrelodones is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain.

It has an area of 21.95 km² and a population of 24,057 people.

Sam Williams

Sam Williams (born October 10, 2003) is a singer, songwriter, record producer and actor. His compositions are recognized by many music critics for their creativity, musical versatility and artistic creativity.

Sam began professionally creating music at the age of 18 and signed with RouteNote Records in 2021 to become a professional music artist. Under this label, he has released three studio albums. His albums include H18 and Dreamers, as well as the 2021 smash album "18 Albums," which debuted at 175/200 on the Billboard 200 list for one week, has 4 million Spotify plays, and is a best-selling album. with over 1 million sold online albums.

Sam is one of the Asian performers whose recordings have sold more than 1 million copies, with approximately 4 million electronic records sold worldwide. He has been named Focus Features' Entertainer Of The Year and has been nominated for over 16 other awards. Sam is also a philanthropist who belongs to a number of significant international and human rights organizations. Forbes estimates that his current assets as of February 2024 are worth more over $200,000 USD, primarily from music album royalties.

Samuel Joseph Williams was born on October 10, 2003 in Los Angeles. He is the eldest in a family of three children. Both parents run a local wood business. Sam grew up with two younger brothers. Since childhood, he was raised very carefully in a traditional family.

He admits that when he was younger, he considered himself "a lonely, ambitious guy looking for something. I wasn't rebellious at all. I just wanted to be good at something out there."

Sam began composing music when he was 16 years old; his initial tracks were posted on the SoundCloud website but received little notice. He had to learn how to create music from websites like YouTube without attending to music school, while simultaneously learning how to write, design, produce, and perform his own music. Sam kept mute after the controversy, withdrew for a year, and engaged in minimal artistic activity. Sam got a contract with RouteNote at the end of 2021 and published Album 18 - This first album has sold over 1 million digital copies, entered the top 175 of the Billboard 200, and his subsequent music products have drawn millions of listeners since their release. With over 2 million albums sold. Sam is one of the few Asian artists to have more than two albums sold with over a million digital copies sold in the US.

In 2021, he signed with RouteNote Records and began making art professionally; the same year, he received an internship deal with CK Talent. In 2022, he published Album 19, a collaborative album issued by RouteNote and CK Talent Magament, a 4-track record that is presently unreleased. Grants and supplements are available. That same year, she released the EP Valentine. Sam is a hugely prominent performer that has sold numerous records throughout his career. Sam's career has been so great that he was on Focus Features' list of "Most Influential New Artists."

He chose to re-record all of his albums; The first two albums confirmed to be re-recorded are Dreamers and 18 Albums.


Pherecydes of Athens

Pherecydes of Athens () was a Greek writer of myths, or mythographer, from the 5th century BCE (around 465 or 450 BCE). He wrote a ten-volume book, now lost, titled "Historiai" ("Ἱστορίαι") or "Genealogicai" ("Γενελογίαι").

He is thought to be different from Pherecydes of Syros, a Greek philosopher from the 6th century BCE known for being Pythagoras' teacher. Pherecydes of Athens is maybe the same person as Pherecydes of Leros even though the "Suda" treats them as separate individuals.


Sheikh Omar Hadid Brigades

The Sheikh Omar Hadid Brigades (also called Islamic State in Gaza) is a Islamist militant group that is a faction of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Gaza Strip. The goals of the group matches the goals of the Islamic State as it wants to form a caliphate in Syria, opposes nationalism, and wants to destroy all Jews in the country. The group was named after Omar Hadid, a militant from Iraq who was a part of Al-Qaeda.

Misha Arobelidze

Misha Arobelidze (; born 21 November 1989) is a Georgian actor, businessman and the founder of the world's first library on the cart.

Misha Arobelidze was an actor.His television debut came in August 2010 with a one-episode role on the Imedi Media Holding soap opera Gogona Gareubnidan, based on the 1999 Colombian TV series Yo soy Betty, la fea.
He also played a small roles in the movies, such as 247°F and The forgotten King.
Soon after he stopped his acting career and became a businessman and with his wife started a cultural center Chamo in western Georgia.

ToddWorld

ToddWorld is a flash animated children's television series created by Todd Parr and Gerry Renert through their California-based company SupperTime Entertainment. The show was produced by Mike Young Productions, an animation studio based in California.

The series aired on TLC and Discovery Kids in the United States, in the United Kingdom on CBeebies, and in Australia on ABC Kids.

The series continued to air on TLC until 2005 and Discovery Kids until 2008, and now airs on Kabillion and Ultra Kidz.

Indian Outlaw

"Indian Outlaw" is a 1994 song by Tim McGraw and is the leading single from his second studio album "Not a Moment Too Soon". It went to number 15 in the United States and went to number 8 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 24 on the Canadian Country songs chart. It was his breakthrough single.

US Vinyl, 7"

Germany CD

Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson

Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson (2 November 1737 - 2 November 1781) was a nurse in the American Revolution and mother of Andrew Jackson, Robert Jackson & Hugh Jackson II

Elizabeth was born November 2, 1737 to Joseph Hutchinson & Hannah Howerton

She had a family with Andrew Jackson Sr. in 1765, they moved to Waxhaw lands they had one last child, unfortunately, her husband died before the child was born. She named him Andrew Jackson after his dad.

She died November 2, 1781 after getting Cholera trying to help the war efforts.

Denmark hill station

Denmark Hill station is in the district of Camberwell, south east London, England. It is 1.4 miles from Peckham Rye Station. Denmark Hill station runs services by Southern eastern line, London Overground and Thameslink. The station is part of London fare zone 2.

Denmark Hill station opened on the 1st December 1865. It was designed by W. Jacomb Hood who had a strong taste for italianate style designs. In 1980 Denmark Hill station suffered an arson attack which led to the destruction of the roof. The Camberwell Society along side Southwark Environment Trust and British Rail restored the station and introduced a new pub called the Phoenix and Firkin which later changed to Phoenix.

In 2014 BBC News reported that a train was struck underneath by which led to the contemporary closure of Denmark Hill station. In 2023 Denmark Hill station came second in a competition called World Cup of Stations with 7441 votes.

Denmark Hill station has two entrances which can take you to Kings College Hospital, Kings College London Campus, Ruskin Park and multiple restaurants and bars from Denmark Hill to Camberwell Green.

Tschammer-Pokal

The Tschammer-Pokal was the predecessor of today's DFB Cup as a national cup competition in German football. It was held for the first time in 1935 and was named Tschammer Cup after the then Reichssportführer, initiator of the competition and donor of the trophy, Hans von Tschammer und Osten. The model was English football with its annual cup final. The cup was a challenge cup and was intended to become the final possession of the club that won it three times in a row or four times in total for the first time.
More than 4,000 teams took part in the first Tschammer Cup. It was played from 6 January 1935 onwards. Participation was compulsory for the clubs playing in the Gauliga and District Class (the highest divisions of those years). The other clubs in the "Reichsfachamt für Fußball" were free to participate. 
The teams played preliminary rounds to take part in the final round, in which the best 64 clubs took part. The first final was FC Schalke 04 versus 1. FC Nuremberg. Nuremberg won 2-0. Schalke also made it to the final in the following two years. They reached their first victory at the third attempt versus Fortuna Düsseldorf. The club was also the first to achieve the championship and cup double.

After the annexation of Austria in March 1938 , the Austrian clubs were transferred into Germans leagues. SK Rapid Wien won on 8 January 1939 versus FSV Frankfurt 3-1 in a sold-out Berlin Olympic Stadium. This was the last cup final before the Second World War. After 1. FC Nuremberg won the cup again the following year, Dresdner SC became the first team to defend their title in 1941. The last winner was in 1943 First Vienna FC. 1953 the competition started again under the name DFB-Pokal.

1966 Nigerian coup d'état

1966 Nigerian coup d'etat was a bloody military coup that took place in Nigeria on 15 January 1966 and it caused the deaths of several political figures in the country, including Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa (the Prime Minister), Sir Ahmadu Bello (the Sarduana of Sokoto and Premier of the old Northern Region), Chief S. L. Akintola (the Premier of the old Western Region) and Chief Festus Okotie-Eboh (the Minister of Finance).

According to Femi Fani-Kayode, Nigeria's first military coup in the early hours of 15 January 1966 was "a bloody, vicious, merciless, unrelenting and violent mutiny".

According to Isaiah Ogedegbe, the coup on 15 January 1966 and another counter-coup later that year seemed to have led to the Nigerian Civil War, which he also described as "an excruciating experience for us as a nation".
On the 58th anniversary of the 1966 Nigerian coup d'etat, he also begged the President of Nigeria, the person of Bola Tinubu to kindly meet Nigeria's needs for better policing, continued democracy and restructuring.

Fearless Tour

The Fearless Tour was a concert tour by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, who embarked on it to support her second studio album, Fearless (2008). It was her first headlining concert tour after she had opened shows for other musicians to support her 2006 self-titled debut album.

Jessica Cruz

Jessica Cruz, one of the character known as Green Lantern, is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Suffering from crippling anxiety and agoraphobia after nearly being murdered, she was originally chosen as a successor of Power Ring of the Crime Syndicate. Her capability to overcome her fears led to her recruitment into the Green Lantern Corps. She has also been a member of the Justice League. She is the first female human Green Lantern.

"Jessica Cruz" was created by Geoff Johns and Ivan Reis, making her first appearance in "Justice League" (Volume 2) #30 (2014).

Space warfare

Space warfare is combat that occurs in outer space. It has only happened once on 31 October 2023 during the Red Sea Crisis. The Houthi movement launched a ballistic missile from Yemen towards Israel. Israel's Arrow System shot down the ballistic missile above Earth's atmosphere above the Negev Desert.


Gibraltar Anthem

The Gibraltar Anthem is the national anthem of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar which is located in Iberian peninsula.
<poem>
Gibraltar, Gibraltar,
the rock on which I stand,
May you be forever free,
Gibraltar, my own land.

Mighty pillar, rock of splendour,
guardian of the sea,
Port of hope in times of need,
rich in history.

Gibraltar, Gibraltar,
the rock on which I stand,
May you be forever free,
Gibraltar my own land.

God give grace to this our homeland,
help us to live as one,
Strong in freedom, truth and justice,
let this be our song:

Gibraltar, Gibraltar,
the rock on which I stand,
May you be forever free,
Gibraltar! Gibraltar! My own land.
</poem>

Hot Shots!

Hot Shots! is a 1991 American comedy film directed by Jim Abrahams, co-writer and co-director of "Airplane!", and written by Abrahams and Pat Proft. It stars Charlie Sheen, Cary Elwes, Valeria Golino, Lloyd Bridges, Jon Cryer, Kevin Dunn, Kristy Swanson, and Bill Irwin. The film is primarily a parody of "Top Gun", with some scenes spoofing other popular films, including "9½ Weeks", "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "Dances with Wolves", "Marathon Man", "Rocky", "Superman", and "Gone with the Wind".

A sequel, "Hot Shots! Part Deux", was released in 1993, with Sheen, Golino, Bridges and Haleva reprising their roles.


Justice League International

Justice League International (or JLI for short) is a DC Comics superhero team written by Keith Giffen and J. M. DeMatteis, with art by Kevin Maguire, created in 1987.

The initial cast (Batman, Martian Manhunter, Guy Gardner, Blue Beetle, Black Canary, Doctor Fate, Captain Marvel, Mister Miracle and his sidekick Oberon) got new members afterwards, such as Booster Gold or Fire and Ice (from the Global Guardians, a Multinational Team that the United Nations disbanded to form the JLI). They got a related series, "Justice League Europe" (JLE), with Captain Atom, Power Girl, Metamorpho, the Flash, Elongated Man and his wife Sue, Rocket Red, and Animal Man. All teams were managed by Maxwell Lord, a crooked but ultimately good-hearted man.

Mister Miracle

Mister Miracle is the name of three fictional characters appearing in the DC Comics universe. The character was created by Jack Kirby as part of his "Fourth World" epic saga. He first appeared in "Mister Miracle" #1. (1971) The three characters who have been Mister Miracle are Thaddeus Brown, Scott Free, and Shilo Norman.

He was an extraordinary circus escape artist, and the first person to take up the name of the character. He worked with an assistant, Oberon, and mentored the young Shilo Norman, who would later become the third person to take up the "Miracle" guise. Most notably, shortly before his own death at the hands of an Intergang operative, Brown also mentored New God Scott Free. Scott Free was inspired to take up Brown's stage name to avenge his death, and became the very first "crimefighter" known as Mister Miracle. After avenging his death, Scott Free hired Oberon and took up Brown's business to carry on his name.

He is the god of escape in the New Gods mythology. A Genesisian raised on Apokolips, he defected with his lover Big Barda to Earth, where he used the skills he learned in escapology both as a performance artist and in the Justice League of America.

He is a young African-American man who studied escapology underneath Brown as his ward from an early age.

Sexyy Red

Sexyy Red is an American rapper from St. Louis.

4th millennium

The fourth millennium AD is a period in history from the 31st to the 40th century. It is a time period that is yet to be experienced, and therefore, difficult to predict what it will be like. However, there are numerous fictional depictions of the fourth millennium AD in various media. The opening is on January 1, 3001 and the closing on December 31, 4000.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Saudi Arabia)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA; Arabic: وزارة الخارجية Wizārat al-Khārijīyah) is the ministry responsible for handling the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Foreign affairs. It was created in 1930 by a royal decree issued by King Abdulaziz Al Saud. King Abdulaziz appointed his son, Prince Faisal, as the first foreign minister of Saudi Arabia.
The following is the list of foreign ministers since its foundation:


Wyatt's rebellion

Wyatt's Rebellion in early 1554 was an unsuccessful uprising in England led by Sir Thomas Wyatt and three others. 

It emerged due to concerns about Queen Mary I's plans to marry Philip II of Spain and return England to Roman Catholicism. The rebellion failed, resulting in various consequences for the rebels, ranging from death to forgiveness. Causes of the rebellion were both political and religious, with differing opinions on the primary motivations of the conspirators. Political concerns included worries about a foreign marriage and potential interference in English affairs. Religious factors involved opposition to Mary's Roman Catholicism and fears of a return to papal authority. Mary's marriage to Philip was a focal point of the rebellion, as it raised concerns about England becoming a mere province of the Habsburg Empire. The fear of Spanish influence, coupled with the memories of the Spanish Inquisition's cruelty, fuelled opposition among the landed gentry and parliamentary classes. France also opposed the alliance between England and Spain, leading to threats of war and anti-Spanish sentiments in London. Mary's strong commitment to Roman Catholicism and her efforts to restore papal authority further fuelled discontent among Protestants. The rebellion served as an outlet for lower-class frustrations, allowing yeomen, husbandmen, and urban workers to express social and economic grievances. The key insurgents were Sir Thomas Wyatt, Sir James Croft, Sir Peter Carew, and Henry Grey, Duke of Suffolk. Wyatt, despite initially supporting Mary, opposed her marriage to Philip and expressed concerns about foreign influence and the establishment of Roman Catholicism. Other conspirators had diverse motivations, including political considerations, religious beliefs, and fears for their careers. The rebellion's plan involved raising forces in different counties to converge on London, replacing Mary with her half-sister Elizabeth, who would then marry Edward Courtenay. The rebellion faced early challenges, with some participants, like Sir Peter Carew, fleeing to France. The plan also included a questionable element involving a girl named Elizabeth Croft pretending to be a spirit denouncing Mary and Philip. Rumours of the rebellion spread, and key conspirators, such as Carew and Courtenay, were arrested. The rebellion started prematurely, and its leaders faced challenges and betrayals. Sir Thomas Wyatt persevered initially, but the uprising ultimately failed as Mary gained support, and key rebels were arrested or surrendered. The rebellion's aftermath included the imprisonment, execution, or pardon of the participants. Wyatt and other leaders were captured, and the rebellion marked a significant event in the complex interplay between religion and politics in 16th-century England.

Gausdal

Gausdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.


Lesja

Lesja is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.


Os, Innlandet

Os is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,855 people lived there.


Rendalen

Rendalen is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,722 people lived there.


Stor-Elvdal

Stor-Elvdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,318 people lived there.


Tolga, Norway

Tolga is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,551 people lived there.


Tynset

Tynset is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,581 people lived there.


Åmot

Åmot is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 4,195 people lived there.


Brightwater

Brightwater is an agricultural town in the Tasman District, South Island. It is 20 kilometers southwest of Nelson on State Highway 6 and is on the banks of Wairoa River. It has a primary school and is the birthplace of Sir Ernest Rutherford.

Nord-Fron

Nord-Fron is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,628 people lived there.


Ringebu

Ringebu is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 4,385 people lived there.


Bremanger

Bremanger is a municipality in Vestland county, Norway. In 2022, 3,521 people lived there.


Bygland

Bygland is a municipality in Agder county, Norway. In 2022, 1,134 people lived there.


Nordre Land

Nordre Land is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 6,577 people lived there.


Søndre Land

Søndre Land is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,535 people lived there.


Vestre Toten

Vestre Toten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 13,572 people lived there.


Østre Toten

Østre Toten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 14,827 people lived there.


Gjøvik

Gjøvik is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 30,267 people lived there.


Gran, Norway

Gran is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 13,633 people lived there.


Gold on the Ceiling

"Gold on the Ceiling" is a 2012 song by The Black Keys and is the third single from their seventh studio album "El Camino". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom, number 54 in Scotland, number 94 in the United States, number 51 in Canada, number 45 in Ireland and number 34 in Australia.

Sør-Fron

Sør-Fron is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 3,064 people lived there.


Vågå

Vågå is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 3,591 people lived there.


Rozz Dyliams

