Dylan Zachariah Ross (born January 24, 1991), known professionally as Rozz Dyliams is an American music artist and producer who began making music in 2010. He has released solo work and collaborated with musical groups under various names including "Rozz Dyliams" and now "Disciple Zachariah." His music is considered influential in the cloud rap genre, notably having inspired Lil Peep.

In 2015, Ross produced the song "Ghost Boy" featuring Lil Peep prior to Peep's death. In the same year, Ross was wrote and recorded the song "Handzum Suicide" with Suicideboys. In May 2022, the Peep estate released an archive featuring a statement calling Dylan Ross one of Lil Peep's favorite artists, and described Rozz Dyliams music as inspiring Peep.











































Dylan Ross is originally from Ohio, and as of 2018, lived in Seattle, Washington.

Rozz Dyliams - Genius

Rozz Dyliams - Spotify

Rozz Dyliams - SoundCloud

Luke Hemsworth

Luke Hemsworth (born November 5, 1980) is an Australian actor.

Tim Draxl

Tim Draxl (born October 8, 1981) is an Australian actor.

Cameron Daddo

Cameron Peter Daddo (born March 7, 1965) is an Australian actor.

Anna McGahan

Anna McGahan (born May 2, 1988) is an Australian actress.

ESPN Classic

ESPN Classic was an American multinational pay television network. It owned by |ESPN Inc., a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Communications. It was originally launched as the Classic Sports Network in 1995. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2021.

G4 (American TV network)

G4 was an American pay television and digital network. It was owned by NBCUniversal. It primarily focused on live music, game shows, late night anime, news, and reality TV. It was launched on April 24, 2002, under the ownership of Comcast. It was shut down on New Year's Eve 2014. It was relaunched in 2021, but shut down again in 2022. 

James Frecheville

James Frecheville (born April 14, 1991) is an Australian actor.

Teià

Teià is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Teagan Croft

Teagan Croft (born April 23, 2004) is an Australian child actress.

Bebe Bettencourt

Bebe Bettencourt (born February 2, 1996) is an Australian actress.

Boliney

Boliney is a municipalty in Abra, the Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 4551 people lived here.

Lacrouzette

Lacrouzette is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lagardiolle

Lagardiolle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lagarrigue, Tarn

Lagarrigue is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lagrave

Lagrave is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lamillarié

Lamillarié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lancey Foux

Lance O. Omal (born 30 November 1995) who is professionally known as Lancey Foux is a British musician from the district of Stratford in East London, England.

He was born in London to Ugandan parents and is in a relationship with Leomie Anderson. His career took off in 2015 rapping to beats on YouTube then released his debut album, "Pink". In 2018 he released the prequel to his first album, "Pink II" which had features such as Skepta on the track, "Dyed 2wice". He later teamed up with Skepta for the "SK Level Europe tour".

After performing at "Rolling Loud" festival he modelled for Naomi Campbell’s 2019 "Fashion for Relief Gala" in the following year he released his fifth album, "Friend or Foux" under the record label Universal Music. In 2021 Lancey released two mixtapes titled, "First Degree" and "Live.Evil" under Universal Music and in 2023 Lancey did a UK tour for his EP, "BACK2DATRAP"

Matt Nable

Matthew "Matt" Nable (born March 8, 1972) is an Australian actor.

Stepove

Stepove can be these settlements in Ukraine






AXS TV

AXS TV is an American cable television channel. It is majority-owned by Anthem Sports & Entertainment. it is devoted primarily to music-related programming and combat sports – including boxing, mixed martial arts and professional wrestling. It was established in 2001 as HDNet.

Baidu

Baidu, Inc. ( ; , meaning "hundred times") is a Chinese technology company. They offer services like their Internet search engine, which is similar to that of Google, maps, anti-virus softwares, and an online encyclopedia. 

Since Google is not available in China because of Chinese regulations, Baidu's search engine became popular among Chinese Internet users. Google is only available in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau. 

Baidu's competitors are Google Hong Kong, Yahoo! China, Microsoft Bing, and other local search engines.

The name "Baidu" comes from Mandarin 百 (which means "100") and 度 (which means "times"). The literal meaning is 100 times.

Baidu was made in 2000 by Robert Li and Eric Xu. It is headquartered in Beijing. It was the first Chinese company to be in the Nasdaq-100 index in 2007.

Android Honeycomb

Android Honeycomb is the codename for the 3rd major Android version, it was made for devices with large screens such as tablets but was unofficially ported to the Nexus One. It is the 8th Android version and is not supported anymore.

Kashe Quest

Kashe Quest (born June 22, 2018) is an American child genius. She joined Mensa International at the age of 2, the youngest person to do so.

Death by misadventure

In the United Kingdom, death by misadventure is the recorded manner of death (verdict) for an accidental death caused by a risk taken voluntarily.

Misadventure in English law, as recorded by coroners and on death certificates and associated documents, is a death that is primarily attributed to an accident that occurred due to a risk that was taken voluntarily. In contrast, when the manner of death is given as an accident, the coroner has determined that the decedent had taken no unreasonable willful risk."Misadventure may be the right conclusion when a death arises from some deliberate human act which unexpectedly and unintentionally goes wrong."Legally defined "manner of death": a way by which an actual "cause of death" (trauma, exposure, etc.) was allowed to occur. For example, a death caused by an illicit drug overdose may be ruled a death by misadventure, as the user took the risk of drug usage voluntarily. Misadventure is a form of unnatural death, a category that also includes accidental death, suicide, and homicide.

In the case of "R v Wolverhampton Coroner", it was held that the coroner must establish death by misadventure on the balance of probabilities or commonly known as "more likely than not". This is opposed to beyond reasonable doubt, which is used elsewhere.

Hero Alom

Ahsraful Alom who is also known as Hero Alom is a Bangladeshi producer, personality, actor, singer and politician in congress known for his most famous song Babu Khasiso. He made his debut in 2017 action film Mar Chokka. His YouTube channel has over 1.7 million subscribers.

The videos that he makes have funny and unusual acts like singing out of tune. These videos have made him a target of online trolling and the subject of memes in Bangladesh and other South Asian countries. He also has many popular songs like Babu Khaiso, Palalo Palalo Murad Hasan,Muqabla and Moye Moye he actully sings trendings songs in a funny manner and is a really good entertainer.

Anadi Charan Sahu

Anadi Charan Sahu (16 April 1940 – 20 January 2024) was an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party. He was also a retired I.P.S. Officer.

Sahu died at his home in Cuttack, Odisha, on 20 January 2024, at the age of 83 due to age related health issues.

Matadepera

Matadepera is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 25.29 km² and a population of 9,672 people.

Sun-Maid

Sun-Maid is an American farmer-owned cooperative of raisin growers. It is headquartered in Fresno, California. It is one of the largest raisin and dried fruit processors in the world. It was founded in 1912. It also sources dried fruit beyond this geographical area.

Kabillion

Kabillion is a children's video-on-demand service. It is owned by Splash Entertainment. It was launched on January 7, 2007. It is available both as a free VOD channel currently available on digital cable systems across the United States, and as an OTT Network.

Glencoe (Scotland)

Glencoe, also known as Gleanna Comhann or A' Chàrnaich in Scottish Gaelic, is a town situated in the west of Scotland at the mouth of the River Coe into Loch Leven, near Invercoe. It is located in the northwest of the valley named Glencoe. In terms of local politics, Glencoe belongs to the county of Argyll in the Highland administrative region.

Historically part of Lochaber, the village is now referred to as Glencoe Village to distinguish it from the Glen Coe valley. It is close to the site of the Glencoe massacre in the 1690s, where members of the MacDonalds and Henderson clans were ordered to be killed by King William III under the leadership of Robert Campbell of Glenlyon.

While Glencoe is not in the valley itself, it is on an area called Carnoch. Linguistically, the locals refer to the village as A'Chàrnaich, meaning "Square of the Cairns" in Scottish Gaelic. Originally founded on the north bank of the Coe in 1850, the village has shifted to the south bank near the river bridge. Glencoe has Saint Mary's Church and a small museum, with the village being dominated by the prominent summit of the Pap of Glencoe.

Known for its skiing and hiking opportunities, Glencoe attracts tourists who are also drawn to the nearby valley with its historical significance and the high ridges of the Aonach Eagach. The village includes a memorial commemorating the Glencoe massacre.

Boadilla del Monte

Boadilla del Monte is a municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain. In 2021, 59,000 people lived there.

Symon Petliura

Symon Petliura (1879–1926) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the leader of the Ukrainian People's Republic and Commander-in-Chief of the Ukrainian People's Army (UPA) during the Russian Civil War.

Petliura was born into a Cossack family in Poltava. He became involved in socialist and nationalist politics at a young age. After the Russian Revolution of 1917, Petliura was elected as head of the Ukrainian military. When Ukraine was invaded by the German Empire, Petliura organised a resistance movement. He established a new Ukrainian government in 1919. The Red Army then invaded Ukraine and Petliura retreated west. He formed an alliance with the Polish leader Józef Piłsudski. Poland won the Polish–Soviet War but Ukraine was kept by the Bolsheviks.

Petliura went into exile, first in Poland, then in France. There he was assassinated by Sholem Schwarzbard, who held him responsible for pogroms in Ukraine.

Vihti

Vihti is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. It is about northwest of the capital city Helsinki. As of 30 September 2023, 28,866 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Espoo, Hyvinkää, Karkkila, Kirkkonummi, Lohja, Loppi, Nurmijärvi and Siuntio. It was founded in 1867.


Lapinjärvi

Lapinjärvi () is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 2,465 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Iitti, Kouvola, Loviisa, Myrskylä and Orimattila.

The lake Lapinjärvi is in the municipality.

The municipality speaks both Finnish and Swedish.


Rautjärvi

Rautjärvi is a municipality in South Karelia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 3,047 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Parikkala and Ruokolahti. It is on the eastern border with Russia. The administrative center is Simpele.


Nykyfor Hryhoriv

Nykyfor Hryhoriv (1884–1919) was a Ukrainian military leader. He was known for switching sides many times during the Russian Civil War.

Hryhoriv fought for the Russian Empire in the Russo-Japanese War and World War I. After the Russian Revolution, he joined the army of the Ukrainian People's Republic. He then defected to the Red Army, after it invaded Ukraine. He fought the White Army and Entente in southern Ukraine. In May 1919, he rebelled against the Red Army. He then tried to make an alliance with Nestor Makhno. But Makhno had him shot after he tried to ally them with the White Army.

Bodaybo

Bodaybo () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 15,340 people lived there.

Cheremkhovo

Cheremkhovo () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 52,647 people lived there.

Pir Sayyid Muhammad Rashid Shah Rozay Dhani

Imam-ūl-Arfīn Sayyid Muhammad Rashid Shah Roze Dhani (Sindhi: پير سيد حضرت محمد راشد روضي ڌڻي,(19 May 1757 – 5 June 1818) was an 18th-century spiritual leader, eminent Islamic scholar, and Sufi saint from Sindh, Pakistan, He founded the Rashidi Sufi order, addressing challenges while emphasizing the importance of following Shari'ah principles. Known as Roze Dhani, and is considered a 37st-generation direct descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, actively promoting the Tarīqat and Shari'ah system. His disciplined teachings and efforts had a profound impact on Sindh, Punjab, Balochistan, Rajasthan, Gujarat,and many other areas in the subcontinent.

Pir Mohammad Rashid Roza Dhani, born on May 19, 1757, in Rahim Dina Kalhoro village, Khairpur Mirs district, was the younger son of Sayyid Muhammad Baqa Shah Lakiyārī Al-Husayni

After his father passed away, he started his mission at the age of twenty-seven, working on spreading his teachings for thirty-six years. He had around eleven hundred caliphs, with five hundred holding important roles who were in charge of different areas in the region,

Imam-ūl-Arfīn Pir Muhammad Rashid Rozay Dhani played a significant role in giving new ability to the Sufi tradition, particularly within the Qadiriya chain, which had experienced a period of stagnation. He focused on restoring the teachings of the early saints that had been forgotten over time. Through dedicated efforts, he implemented a system of reform and training inspired by Sheikh Abdul Qadir Gilani, the founder of the Qadiriya Sufi order, emphasizing the importance of adhering to the Shari'ah for spiritual development.

Imam-ūl-Arfīn Pir Muhammad Rashid emphasized the integration of Shari'ah and Tarīqat, considering them inseparable rather than distinct entities. His teachings aimed to purify Sufism from innovations and align it with the principles outlined in the Qur'an and Sunnah. He rejected the notion that Shari'ah and Tarīqat were contradictory and asserted that adherence to the pure Shari'ah was essential for those on the path of Tarīqat.

In his perspective, Shari'ah, representing outward actions, took precedence over Haqīqah and Marifat, which focused on inner states. He highlighted the interdependence of Shari'ah and Tarīqat, likening their relationship to that of the body and soul. Imam-ūl-Arfīn, critiqued individuals who neglected Shari'ah, considering them misguided, and emphasized that true adherence to the path of Tarīqat involved obedience to the pure Shari'ah.

His efforts aimed at aligning Sufism with Shari'ah and testing Tarīqat based on its compatibility with Shari'ah principles. Throughout his sermons and writings, he countered misconceptions within Sufism, striving to bring about a reorganization of the entire Sufi system,

BYU TV

BYU TV is a television channel. It is owned by Brigham Young University. It was founded in 2000. The channel is available through cable and satellite distributors in the United States. It produces a number of original series and documentaries with emphases in comedy, history, lifestyle, music and drama.

Highway to Heaven

Highway to Heaven is an American fantasy drama television series. The series ran on NBC from September 19, 1984, to August 4, 1989. It starred Michael Landon as Jonathan Smith, an angel sent to Earth in order to help people in need. 

Calgary Wranglers

The Calgary Wranglers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Calgary, Alberta at the Scotiabank Saddledome. They are the AHL affiliate for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Rapid City Rush.

The team originally played in Stockton, California as the Stockton Heat from 2015 to 2022. During the 2020–21 season, the Heat would play in the newly created Canadian Division, which was made because of border restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Heat played in the division because they were the affiliate of the Calgary Flames.

On May 23, 2022, the Flames announced that the Heat would stop playing in Stockton and would move to Calgary, Alberta. The team name Wranglers was chosen to honour a former team played as the Calgary Wranglers in the Western Hockey League (WHL) from 1977 until 1987.

On October 16, 2022, the team would play their first game as the Calgary Wranglers. They would be defeated by the Coachella Valley Firebirds 6–5. This was also the Firebirds first game.

In the 2022–23 season, the Wranglers would finish the season leading the Pacific Division in points. They would make it to the Pacific Division finals but would lose to the Coachella Valley Firebirds three games to two.

Clickbait

Very often, there are links on World Wide Web that are there to attract attention. The idea is to make the user click on the link and access the content behind it. Very often these links are then deceptive, sensationalized, dishonest or otherwise misleading. This is known as clickbait. Usually, there is a teaser. This teaser provides just enough information to make people want to click on the link, but not enough to satisfy their curiosity. Clickbait headlines often add an element of dishonesty, using enticements that do not accurately reflect the content being delivered.
The "-bait" suffix makes an analogy with fishing, where a hook is disguised by an enticement (bait), presenting the impression to the fish that it is a desirable thing to swallow.

Before the Internet, there was a marketing practice known as bait-and-switch. It used similar dishonest methods to hook customers. In extreme degree, like bait-and-switch, clickbait is a form of fraud. ("Click fraud", however, is a separate form of online misrepresentation which uses a more extreme disconnect between what is being presented in the frontside of the link versus what is on the click-through side of the link, also encompassing malicious code.) The term "clickbait" does not cover for all cases where the user arrives at a destination that is not anticipated from the link that is clicked.

Usually, the content behind a clickbait are simillar to simple lists (so called listicles). This is very low-class journalism. The idea behind a clickbait is to make more users access certain websites.

Sundance TV

Sundance TV is an American pay television channel. It is owned by AMC Networks. It was launched on February 1, 1996. It was devoted to airing documentaries, independent feature films, short films, world cinema, and coverage on the latest developments from each year's Sundance Film Festival. It has since incorporated both original and acquired programming and became fully ad-supported in 2013, with programming being edited for content soon thereafter.

Billy Bevan

Billy Bevan (September 29, 1887-November 26, 1957) is an Australian silent movie actor and Comedian from the Mack Sennett Studios.
He died at the age of 70.

Coachella Valley Firebirds

The Coachella Valley Firebirds are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Thousand Palms, California at the Acrisure Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Kansas City Mavericks.

Before the team was created, the Seattle Kraken joined the National Hockey League (NHL). When they joined, the decided to try and look for an affiliate in the American Hockey League (AHL). Owners of the Kraken were deciding between promoting the ECHL's Idaho Steelheads to the AHL or creating an entirely new team. On June 26, 2019, they decided to create a new team in the Coachella Valley. The Kraken would briefly share the Charlotte Checkers with the Florida Panthers while the arena was built in Palm Springs.

On October 16, 2022, the team would play their first game as the Coachella Valley Firebirds. They would defeat the Calgary Wranglers 6–5. It was also the Wranglers first game in the league.

In the 2022–23 season, the Firebirds would finish the season second in the Pacific Division in points. They would make it all the way to the Calder Cup finals but would lose to the Hershey Bears four games to three.

Speed (TV network)

Speed was an American sports-oriented cable and satellite television network. It was owned by the Fox Sports Media Group division of 21st Century Fox. It was launched in 1995. It ceased operations on August 17, 2013. The network aired motorsports programming, including auto racing, as well as automotive-focused programs.

Philautus refugii

The Lanjak bush frog ("Philautus refugii") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it in two places, one 840 meters above sea level and one between 900 and 1490 meters above sea level.

This frog is in some danger of dying out because human beings change the places where it lives to get wood to build with and make farms to grow palm oil.

The adult male frog is about 18-22 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is about 18-20 mm long. People have seen this frog sitting on shrub plants. Male frogs sit about 2 meters above the ground and sing to the female frogs. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Yes, And?

"Yes, And?" (written in lowercase) is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande as the lead single from her upcoming seventh studio album, "Eternal Sunshine" (2024). It was released on January 12, 2024. The song is Grande's first solo release in over three years, although she was featured on remixes of The Weeknd's "Save Your Tears" (2021) and "Die for You" (2023), both of which topped the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

"Yes, And?" was compared to Madonna's "Vogue" (1990). Grande wrote and produced the song with Max Martin and Ilya Salmanzadeh.

The song is about overcoming rumors and gossip. It arrived after media stories of Grande's relationship with her costar of the "Wicked" musical, Ethan Slater, and Slater's divorce. 

The video for the song is a tribute to singer Paula Abdul's music video for the song "Cold Hearted" (1989), featuring similar outfits and a similar scene of a meeting in a rehearsal hall.

On January 22, 2024, it was reported that the song entered at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, marking Grande's eighth US number-one hit. It was also her sixth number-one debut, tying Taylor Swift for the most number-one entrances by women.

Bowls

Bowls is a sport. It is also known as lawn bowls or lawn bowling. Players try to roll their ball (called a bowl) closest to a smaller ball (known as a jack). The bowls are heavier on one side so that they turn when being rolled. The game is played either in teams or one against one. 

The game was first played in the 13th century. The game is played on grass, although other surfaces are sometimes used. Matches are held either until one player gets to a score, or when an amount of "ends" are played.

The game of bowls started in 3200 BC in Ancient Egypt. It was a type of boules. Writings of that time include an image showing a historic game of bowls. It was played in England from the 13th century onwards. Both Edward III and Richard II banned the game. They wanted England to practice archery instead. The ban was lifted in 1845. The game was played unofficially before this. The invention of the lawn mower in 1830 helped the game spread. The game became popular in Scotland in the 19th century. The Scots set standard rules and played on flat surfaces. In the 1960s, the sport came to New Zealand.

The world's oldest surviving bowling green is the Southampton Old Bowling Green, which was first used in 1299. Lawn bowls is a core sport in the Commonwealth Games. It has been played in every edition of the Games. In the past the game had a strict dress code, especially for women. Their clothes had to be of a set length and colour. Now, dress code is more relaxed. 

There are bowls events held every year. The biggest is the . The World Bowls Championship was first held in 1966. A has been held yearly from 1979.

The game has very little equipment apart from the playing surface. It has a small ball called a "jack". The jack is the target to throw at. The jack can be white or yellow. The players roll larger balls (known as "bowls" or "woods") at the jack. The bowls were historically black or brown. Recently, these can be in any colour. At the end of the area where the game is being played is a small channel called the "ditch". There is also a rectangular carpet called a "mat". The person playing has to stand on the mat.

The game can be played on different surfaces, but mostly on grass (or in New Zealand). Other ways to play include on an indoor artificial grass or a moveable carpet. The length of the area a game is played on is 44 yards, and no wider than 5.2 meters.

The player has to stand on the mat. Teams of up to four players compete. The players are named by what position they are in order. The first player is the "lead". The next two are "second" and "third". The last player is called a "skip". The skip usually starts at the other end of the area until their turn to play. The bowls are heavier on one side. The heavier side is known as the "bias". When rolled forward, the bowl will turn left or right towards the bias.

Players of opposing teams take turns to throw their bowls. Each team gets an amount of bowls, from four for singles matches to eight for teams of four. The game can be played as a race to a score (usually 21 or 11), or over a certain amount of ends. An end is over when both teams have played all of their shots. When an end is finished, the bowl that is closest to the jack scores a point. If their team has the next closest, they score another point. A team scores as many points as bowls they have closer than their opponents closest bowl.

At the start of an end, the team's first player (known as a lead) throws the jack. Then, plays their first bowl towards the jack. The two teams take turns to throw. Bowls that go into the ditch are removed. However, bowls that hit the jack are marked with chalk. They are allowed to stay in the ditch.

Lawn bowls is played on rectangle area of grass. When played in a square area, it is called crown green bowls. In crown green, the playing surface is not always flat. It also does not have a set size for the playing area. Indoor spaces have artificial playing areas (sometimes known as "carpet bowls").

A version played on a rollable carpet is known as short mat bowls. Short mat is played on a much smaller carpet. The jack is placed rather than rolled. It also has a piece of wood in the middle to prevent powerful shots.

A version played on a slope is called "tra bowls". The surface is higher on the edges than the middle. There is no jack, but a drawn target on the floor. This game is played in Belgium.


Taylor Ann Green

Taylor Ann Green (born April 19, 1994) is an American television personality. She is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Taylor Ann Green was born in Asheville, North Carolina on October 19, 1994, as the youngest of three children to Richard Green and Leslie Green (née Dark). She has an elder sister.

Green made her television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a "friend of" for the seventh season. The seventh season was launched on October 29, 2020. She was upgraded to the main cast from the eighth season. The eighth season was launched on June 22, 2022.

Green was in a relationship with Shep Rose between March 2020 and July 2022.

On June 14, 2023, it was reported by "People" magazine that Green's elder brother, Richard Worthington "Worth" Green, died on June 8, six days after his 36th birthday.

Despised Icon

Despised Icon is an Canadian deathcore band formed in 2002.


Country Club (song)

"Country Club" is a 1989 debut single by country singer Travis Tritt and is the title track to his debut studio album "Country Club". It went to number 9 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 22 on the Canadian Country Tracks charts.

Fuse (TV channel)

Peuins is an peuins pay telepeuins channel. It is owned by pee Media, LLC. . It was formerly known as socksMusic USA, a localized version of the Canadian socks channel socks, and was dedicated to more peuins-based peunisrogramming; the channel peebranded under 

Prenton Park

Prenton Park is the football stadium of Tranmere Rovers . It is located in Prenton Wirral.

In Guezzam Province

In Guezzam is a province of Algeria. It is in the far south, on the border with Niger. Very few people live there. Like with other provinces, the capital of the province has the same name as the province. There are two communes in the province, In Guezzam, and Tin Zaouatine. The Algier-Lagos-Highway runs through the province.

January 2024 al-Asad Airbase attack

On 20 January 2024, the Al-Asad Airbase in Iraq was attacked by the Islamic Resistance in Iraq. This attack was part of the United States–Iran proxy war and is a regional escalation of Israel–Hamas war. The attack resulted in one Iraqi soldier and multiple U.S. soldiers being injured. The attack also caused damage to the Al-Asad Airbase.

The Islamic Resistance in Iraq (IRI) are backed and supported by Iran. In October 2023, the Red Sea Crisis began between the Houthi movement and the United States. The crisis was a regional escalation of the Israel–Hamas war. During the war, the IRI supported Hamas and the United States supported Israel. This led to the IRI attacking the United States military in the Middle East. The Al-Asad Airbase is a joint military base with the Iraqi military and the United States military.

At 6:30 p.m. Baghdad time, the IRI launched multiple ballistic missiles and other rockets at the Al-Asad Airbase. The United States military attempted to defend the base with Patriot missiles. More than 15 MIM-104 Patriot missiles were launched to defend the base. Some of the missiles and rockets hit the base. At least one Iraqi soldier was injured in the attack. Multiple U.S. soldiers were injured in the attack as well. Damage also occurred to the military base.


Pherecydes of Leros

Pherecydes of Leros () was an ancient Greek historian from the Aegean island of Leros. He lived during the 5th century BCE and wrote three texts: "On Leros" ("Περὶ Λέρου"), "On Iphigenia" ("Περὶ Ἰφιγενείας"), and "On the Festivals of Dionysus" ("Περὶ τῶν Διονύσου ἑορτῶν"). Pherecydes of Leros is maybe the same person as Pherecydes of Athens even though the "Suda" treats them as separate individuals.


Nova Corps

The Nova Corps is a military and exploration force of the planet Xandar consisting of 500 Xandarian soldiers and led by Centurion Nova Prime. They appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics, and related media. They have since appeared in numerous other Marvel stories set in outer space, and media adaptations, such as the animated TV series "The Super Hero Squad Show" and the 2014 movie "Guardians of the Galaxy".

Abbeville (disambiguation)

Abbeville is a city in northern France.

Abbeville is also the name of some other places:




Bounty Islands

The Bounty Islands is a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean. The islands are very small, the biggest one is just in size. They whole group is about across. In total, there are 22 islands and islets. The islands are uninhabited. Politically, they are part of New Zealand. William Bligh discovered the islands in 1788, and named them after his ship, Bounty. The islands are about southeast of Christchurch.

Antipodes Islands

Antipodes Islands is a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean. The group is uninhabited. Politically, the islands belong to New Zealand. They are about southeast of Stewart Island. The group is made of Antipodes Island, Bollons Island, and a few smaller islands.

Henry Waterhouse, the captain of HMS Reliance, discovered them on 14th March 1800. He called them Penantipodes, at first, because he believed that they are at an antipodal position to the city of London. In reality, the antipodal position is near Cherbourg, in France.

People tried to breed cattle on the island, but this didn't work because of the harsh climate. Seals were hunted on the islands. In 1893, the ship "Spirit of Dawn" sank near the island, and the survivors spent three months on the island. 

Today, they are one of two places on the planet were Erect-crested penguins breed, the other place are the Bounty Islands. In 2024, about 150,000 pairs of these penguins breed on the islands. There are also about 50,000 pairs of Southern rockhopper penguin breeding there. The Antipodes parakeet and the Red-crowned parakeet are endemic to these islands. Other larger animals found on the islands are the Snowy albatross, and elephant seals.

Campbell Islands

Campbell Islands is a group of islands, about south of Stewart Island. They have an area of roughly . One big island, called Campbell Island makes up of this. There are also several smaller islets.

Jennifer Cody

Jennifer Cody (born November 10, 1969) is an American actress and dancer.

Ernest Dowson

Ernest Dowson was a poet whose uncle Alfred Domett was Prime Minister of New Zealand. Dowson wrote the poem which inspired Margaret Mitchell to write Gone with the Wind.

Alfred Domett

Alfred Domett (20 May 1811 – 2 November 1887) was an English politician. He was the fourth Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1862 to 1863.

Loki (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Loki Laufeyson, also known by adoption as Loki Odinson and by his title as the God of Mischief, is a character portrayed by Tom Hiddleston in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name and the Norse mythological deity of the same name, Loki was introduced in the movie "Thor" (2011) and has since become a recurring staple in the MCU. As of 2023, the character has appeared in seven films and headlined the live-action series "Loki" (2021), while alternate timeline versions, or "variants", of Loki from within the multiverse have also appeared in "Loki", the animated series "What If...?" (2021) and the animated short movie "The Good, the Bart, and the Loki" (2021).

He was the biological son of Laufey, King of the Frost Giants, who was abandoned and left to die shortly after his birth. Found by Odin, Loki was taken to Asgard and raised by him and Frigga as an Asgardian prince, along with Thor, becoming the Asgardian God of Mischief. When Thor was to be crowned King, Loki had sabotaged the coronation by letting the Frost Giants attack Asgard, thus leading Thor to seek vengeance on Jotunheim, which resulted in Thor's banishment to Earth and Loki finding out the truth about his heritage. Frigga gave Loki the throne when Odin had fallen into the Odinsleep; however, when the Warriors Three and Sif attempted to return Thor home, Loki was forced to try to stop them. Regardless, Thor returned from his exile on Earth and ended Loki's reign, thwarting his attempt to declare war on the Nine Realms with Jotunheim's destruction. With Odin disapproving of his actions, Loki allowed himself to fall through the deep abyss of space, entering a wormhole created by the sudden termination of the Bifrost Bridge.

Transported by the wormhole to Sanctuary, Loki encountered The Other who offered to serve under Thanos' command and gave him the Scepter. Loki was given command over the Chitauri army in order to conquer Earth, under the provision that Loki acquires the Tesseract for Thanos. Once he came to Earth, Loki managed to take possession of the Tesseract and used its power to open a wormhole above New York City and caused the Chitauri Invasion, but all of Loki's schemes were ultimately defeated by the Avengers. Thor returned him to Asgard as his prisoner, where Odin condemned him to spend the rest of his life in the Asgardian Dungeons as punishment for his crimes.

However, when Frigga was killed during the Sacking of Asgard, Loki was freed by Thor in order to defeat the Dark Elves led by Malekith who desired to use the power of the Aether to transform the universe into eternal darkness. During the fight against the Dark Elves in Svartalfheim, Loki faked his death, and, unbeknownst to everyone in the Kingdom, returned to Asgard and successfully removed Odin from the throne, taking his place as King where he remained for several years. During his reign, Loki continued to rule Asgard by sending Sif on missions to Earth to investigate the attacks of Lorelei and Vin-Tak.

Eventually, the return of Thor forced Loki to reveal his deception as the pair journeyed together to find Odin, arriving just in time to witness Odin's death. The loss of Odin allowed Hela, Odin's firstborn, to return from banishment and wage war against the Nine Realms. Loki found himself stranded at Sakaar along with Thor where Loki allied himself with the Grandmaster while Thor was forced to battle against Hulk. Despite trying to manipulate his way to freedom, Loki chose to side with Thor and the Revengers in a final battle against Hela, in which Loki summoned Surtur, who defeated Hela by causing Ragnarök and destroying all of Asgard.

During his final moments on Asgard, Loki took the Tesseract from Odin's Vault and in the wake of the Destruction of Asgard, chose to stay by his brother's side and support his ascension onto the throne. Consequences of his deal with Thanos would soon come back to haunt Loki, however, as the Mad Titan and his Black Order intercepted the Asgardians as they were making their way towards Earth. In the chaos that followed, Loki attempted to kill Thanos but ultimately failed. When Loki taunted Thanos by telling him that he would never be a god, the Mad Titan snapped his neck, finally killing the God of Mischief.

Peter Quill (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Peter Jason Quill is a fictional character portrayed primarily by Chris Pratt in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. He is a Celestial-Human hybrid who was abducted from Earth in 1988 by the Yondu Ravager Clan and raised as one of their members, eventually building a reputation as the notorious intergalactic outlaw Star-Lord. In 2014, he decided to leave the Ravagers and operate individually, unintentionally becoming a key player in the quest for a precious artifact known as the Orb after stealing it from Morag. Following his arrest, he forged an uneasy alliance with fellow inmates Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket Raccoon, and Groot, who together formed the Guardians of the Galaxy. They first rallied as a team by stopping Ronan the Accuser from destroying Xandar with the Power Stone.

As of 2023, Quill has appeared in six films and the television special "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (2022). The character and Pratt's portrayal have been met with positive reception.

Alternate versions of Quill from within the MCU multiverse appear in "" (2019), portrayed by Pratt, and in the animated series "What If...?" (2021), voiced by Brian T. Delaney.

Darlington (disambiguation)

Darlington is a town in County Durham, England.

Darlington may also refer to:





In Darlington, England:


Colorado Eagles

The Colorado Eagles are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2003. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Loveland, Colorado at the Blue Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Utah Grizzlies.

The Colorado Eagles would first start playing in 2003 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The Eagles would win the Ray Miron President's Cup in the 2004–05 season, defeating the Laredo Bucks four games to one. They would win another Cup in the 2006–07 seasons, again defeating the Laredo Bucks four games to two. On May 31, 2012, the Eagles announced in a press conference that the team would be leaving the CHL and would be joining the ECHL.

During their time in the ECHL, the Eagles would win back-to-back Kelly Cups in 2017, defeating the South Carolina Stingrays four games to zero. As well as, 2018, where they defeated the Florida Everblades four games to three.

On October 10, 2017, the Colorado Avalanche announced that the Colorado Eagles would be promoted to the American Hockey League (AHL). The Eagles decided to keep the Kelly Cup when they left the ECHL and the trophy had to be replaced.

Toni Atkins

Toni Gayle Atkins (born August 1, 1962) is an American politician serving as the 51st and current President pro tempore of the California State Senate since 2018. A member of the Democratic Party, she previously served as the 69th Speaker of the California State Assembly from 2014 to 2016. She has represented the 39th State Senate district since 2016, encompassing most of San Diego.

Nova (Richard Rider)

Nova (real name Richard Rider), is a fictional character and superhero in the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as the main protagonist of the "Nova" comics. He is a member of the Nova Corps, an intergalactic police force who protects the universe from threats.

He was created by Marv Wolfman, and the late John Buscema, and first appeared in "The Man Called Nova #1" in September of 1976.

Nova (Sam Alexander)

Nova (real name Samuel "Sam" Alexander), also known as Kid Nova, is a fictional character and superhero from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "Nova" and "Champions" comics.

The son of Nova Centurion Jesse Alexander, Sam would learn that his father's tales were true and succeed him after obtaining his helmet. Becoming a young superhero, Alexander would come across numerous threats while learning what it means to be a true hero. He is a co-founder and member of the Champions, and was a previous member of the Avengers, New Warriors, and the Nova Corps.

He was created by Jeph Loeb and Ed McGuinness, and first appeared in "Marvel Point One #1" in November of 2011.

Henderson Silver Knights

The Henderson Silver Knights are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2020. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Henderson, Nevada at the Dollar Loan Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Savannah Ghost Pirates.

The team originally played in San Antonio, Texas as the San Antonio Rampage from 2002 to 2020. On February 6, 2020, the Vegas Golden Knights announced that they had purchased the team and that they would be moving the Rampage to the Nevada area. On February 28, the team was officially moved to Nevada.

On Feburary 6, 2021, the team would play their first game as the Henderson Silver Knights. They would defeat the Ontario Reign 5–2.

In the 2019–20 season, the Silver Knights would finish the season with 25 wins, 13 loses, and 51 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Pacific Division finals but would lose to the Bakersfield Condors three games to two.

Ontario Reign

The Ontario Reign are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Ontario, California at the Toyota Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Greenville Swamp Rabbits.

The team originally played in Manchester, New Hampshire as the Manchester Monarchs from 2001 to 2015. On January 29, 2015, the Los Angeles Kings announced that the team would be moving to Ontario, California and would become the Ontario Reign. There was already a team called the Ontario Reign in the ECHL at the time and when the Monarchs moved to Ontario, the ECHL Reign moved to Manchester to become the ECHL's Manchester Monarchs.

On October 10, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Ontario Reign. They would defeat the Bakersfield Condors 5–0.

In the 2015–16 season, the Reign would finish the season with 44 wins, 19 losses, and 93 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Western Conference finals but would lose to the Lake Erie Monsters four games to zero.

C-41 process

C-41 is the photographic film process used to develop practically all modern still-picture color negative film. It is also used for some black and white films, such as XP2. Slide film can also be cross-processed in C-41 to produce a negative.

C-41 film has a safety (acetate or polyester) film base, tinted orange on most films, with an emulsion made of silver halides and dye couplers. These are in multiple layers that record each primary color separately. When the film is developed, the silver is developed first, like black and white film. Oxidized developer then reacts with a dye coupler to produce a visible dye. The film is then bleached and fixed, which removes the silver and unexposed silver halides, making the image permanent. The film cannot be exposed to any light, not even the red darkroom safelight, until the process is completed. The film can then be printed with the RA-4 process, or scanned into a computer.

South Asian pickle

The term "aachar" refers to pickles in South Asian cuisine. Pickles play a significant role in Indian culinary traditions, providing a burst of flavor and acting as a condiment to complement various dishes. The history of South Indian aachar is intertwined with the rich culinary heritage of the region.

Safelight

The safelight is a red or yellow light used to illuminate a darkroom. Typically it is a normal incandescent or fluorescent bulb behind a red filter, or a red LED. Orthochromatic films and black and white papers can be handled under the safelight without exposing them. Panchromatic and color films, and color papers cannot be handled under the safelight and must be handled in complete darkness.

Bert Wheeler

Albert Jerome Wheeler (April 7, 1895-January 18, 1968) is an American actor and Comedian in a Double act with Robert Woolsey in 1929 and 1937.
He died at the Age of 72.

Aeduella

Aeduella is an extinct genus of freshwater fish. This fish lived during the Gzhelian and Asselian-Sakmarian ages in what is now France (Auvergne, Burgundy), Germany (Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Saarland), Switzerland (Basel-Landschaft, canton of Zürich) and the Czech Republic. It belongs to the family Aeduellidae.

The type and only species is "Aeduella blainvillei."

It is a middle-sized fish with a laterally compressed body. Its eyes are very big. In life, it would have looked like a carp. It also has rectangular scales.


San Diego Gulls

The San Diego Gulls are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in San Diego, California at the Pechanga Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Tulsa Oilers.

The team originally played in Norfolk, Virginia as the Norfolk Admirals from 2000 to 2015. On January 6, 2015, it was announced that the Admirals would be moving to another city. On January 29, 2015, the Anaheim Ducks announced that the team would be moving to San Diego, California and would become the San Diego Gulls. Before the team's existence, there were four other teams named the San Diego Gulls throughout ice hockey history.

On October 10, 2015, the team would play their first game as the San Diego Gulls. They would defeat the Grand Rapids Griffins 4–2.

San Jose Barracuda

The San Jose Barracuda are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in San Jose, California at the Tech CU Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Wichita Thunder.

The team originally played in San Antonio, Texas as the San Antonio Rampage from 2002 to 2020. On January 21, 2015, it was announced that the Sharks would be moving to San Jose, California. Eight days later, the San Jose Sharks officially confirmed that the Sharks would move from Worcester to San Jose.

On October 9, 2015, the team would play their first game as the San Jose Barracuda. They would be defeated by the Rockford IceHogs 4–2.

In the 2019–20 season, the Barracuda would finish the season with 43 wins, 16 loses, and 95 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Western Conference finals but would lose to the Grand Rapids Griffins four games to one.

Tucson Roadrunners

The Tucson Roadrunners are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2016. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Tucson, Arizona at the Tucson Convention Center Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).

The team originally played in Springfield, Massachusetts as the Springfield Falcons from 1994 to 2016. On April 19, 2016, the Arizona Coyotes announced that they had purchased the Falcons. On May 17, the team would officially move to Tucson, Arizona to become the Tucson Roadrunners. The name pays tribute to the many different ice hockey teams in the Arizona area that were called the Roadrunners. It is also a reference to the Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner since their NHL affiliate is the Arizona Coyotes.

On October 14, 2016, the team would play their first game as the Tucson Roadrunners. They would be defeated by the San Diego Gulls 5–3.

In the 2019–20 season, the Barracuda would finish the season with 42 wins, 20 loses, and 90 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Pacific Division finals but would lose to the Texas Stars four games to one. In the 2019–20 season, the Roadrunners would lead the Pacific Division and would finish the season with 36 wins, 19 loses, and 75 points. However, the 2020 Calder Cup playoffs would be cancelled by the league because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On October 27, 2017, the Roadrunners retired Craig Cunningham's jersey number #14. On November 19, 2016, during a game between the Roadrunners and the Manitoba Moose, Cunningham collapsed on the ice. He was rushed to a hospital where doctors diagnosed him with acute cardiac arrest from ventricular fibrillation. The heart attack would force Cunningham to retire and they would also amputate his lower left leg.

The Typewriter

"The Typewriter" is a short piece of light music by American composer Leroy Anderson. It uses a typewriter as a percussion instrument.

Anderson completed "The Typewriter" on October 9, 1950 in Woodbury, Connecticut. "The Typewriter" was first performed on September 8, 1953 during a recording Anderson and the Boston Pops Orchestra made in New York City for Decca Records. Anderson composed the melody for symphony and pops orchestras; William Zinn and Floyd Werle arranged it for string orchestras and wind bands.

It is named "The typewriter" because a real typewriter is needed to perform the piece. It uses three basic sounds of a typewriter: that of typing, the "bell" that indicates the end of a line, and the sound the typewriter makes when jumping to the next line. A bell is sometimes used for the end-of-line sound, the sound of the typewriter’s carriage returning is made by a musical gourd, flute, string or other instrument.

The typewriter for the performance was modified so that only two keys work to prevent the keys from jamming. According to the composer himself, as well as other musicians, the typewriter part is difficult because of how fast the typing speed is: even professional stenographers cannot do it, and only professional drummers have the necessary wrist flexibility.

The composition has been called one of "the wittiest and most clever pieces in the orchestral repertoire". Author Steve Metcalf has written that "Despite the almost total disappearance of typewriters in everyday life, the statistics show that "The Typewriter" is still a favorite Anderson item."

The typewriter is considered a percussion instrument. The typewriter part is usually performed by a percussionist or drummer, or rarely by the conductor.


Young Country

"Young Country" is a 1988 song by Hank Williams Jr. and is the third and final single from his 40th studio album "Born to Boogie". It went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

Voom HD Networks

Voom HD Networks was a suite of 25 original high-definition television channels. It was owned by AMC Networks. As part of a 15-year agreement between AMC Networks and Dish Network. They were originally part of the Voom DTH satellite platform launched by Cablevision and were operated by its subsidiary, Rainbow DBS Company.

Which Wich?

Which Wich Superior Sandwiches is an American fast casual restaurant chain. It specializes in sandwiches and salads. It is headquartered in Downtown Dallas, Texas. It was founded by restaurateur Jeff Sinelli in 2003.

Penn Station (restaurant)

Penn Station is a chain of restaurants. It specializes in what it calls "East Coast subs." It was founded in 1985 by Jeff Osterfeld in Cincinnati, Ohio. It has 300 locations in 15 states.

Lamontélarié

Lamontélarié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Laparrouquial

Laparrouquial is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Larroque, Tarn

Larroque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lasfaillades

Lasfaillades is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lasgraisses

Lasgraisses is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lautrec

Lautrec is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lavaur, Tarn

Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lédas-et-Penthiès

Lédas-et-Penthiès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lempaut

Lempaut is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Château de Padiès was built in the 17th century.

Lescout

Lescout is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lescure-d'Albigeois

Lescure-d'Albigeois is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lisle-sur-Tarn

Lisle-sur-Tarn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fearnet

Fearnet was an American digital cable television network, website and video on demand service. It was owned by Comcast. It specialized in horror entertainment programming through a mix of acquired and original series, and feature films. It launched on October 31, 2006 as a video on demand service. It shut down on July 30, 2014.

Livers-Cazelles

Livers-Cazelles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lombers

Lombers is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Loubers

Loubers is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Loupiac, Tarn

Loupiac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lugan, Tarn

Lugan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Magrin

Magrin is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mailhoc

Mailhoc is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Marnaves

Marnaves is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Marssac-sur-Tarn

Marssac-sur-Tarn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Anna Borg

Anna Borg is an European energy executive. She is CEO of Vattenfall.

She graduated from Uppsala University,

She was senior vice president at Klarna bsnk. In 2017, she was CFO of Vattenfall. 

She warned of energy rationing. She halted the Norfolk Boreas offshore windfarm project due to increased costs.

Shoney's

Shoney's is an American restaurant chain. It is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. It operates 61 locations in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia. It was founded in 1947.

Jane Foster

Dr. Jane Foster is a fictional character and superhero that appears in Marvel Comics line, being one of the supporting protagonist of the "Thor" comics and "The Avengers" comics. She was employed by Thor, who was disguised as Donald Blake to be his nurse. After being deemed worthy to wield Mjolnir; she adopted the name Thor (or Lady Thor), "The Goddess of Thunder", but later left the title and became Valkyrie.

Since her character debut, she has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), where she is played by Natalie Portman.

She was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby, and Larry Lieber, and first appeared in "Journey Into Mystery" #84 in July of 1962.

Xochitl Gomez

Xochitl Gomez (born April 29, 2006) is an American actress. Born in Los Angeles, she began acting at age five, performing in local musical theater productions and student movies. Gomez made her professional debut in 2018 in Raven's Home. She starred in the Netflix comedy series "The Baby-Sitters Club" (2020), and gained wider recognition for playing America Chavez in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022). In 2023, she became the winner on season 32 of "Dancing with the Stars".

Hailuoto

Hailuoto is an Finnish island in the northern Baltic Sea and a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia. As of 30 September 2023, 951 people lived there. It is the largest island in the Gulf of Bothnia.


Siikalatva

Siikalatva is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,960 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapavesi, Kajaani, Kärsämäki, Liminka, Muhos, Pyhäntä, Raahe, Siikajoki and Vaala. It has four Lutheran churches.

The former municipalities of Kestilä, Piippola, Pulkkila and Rantsila were merged into Siikalatva on 1 January 2009.


Marzens

Marzens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Masnau-Massuguiès

Le Masnau-Massuguiès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Massac-Séran

Massac-Séran is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Massaguel

Massaguel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Olarenwaju Kayode

Tobi Olarenwaju Ayobami "Larry" Kayode (born 8 May 1993 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Genclerbirligi Ankara as forward.
Kayode started his career in Nigeria with Marvelous FC. In 2008 he moved to Ghana to Red Bull Ghana. He moved to ASEC Mimosas in Ivory Coast in January 2010. After six months he was loaned to AFAD Djékanou for one and a half years. He was loaned to FC Luzern in Switzerland from January to December 2012. After his return he was loaned to Heartland FC. After nine months he was loaned to Maccabi Netanya in Israel. After the loan deal ended, the Israelis signed him permanently.

For the 2015/16 season he moved to Austria to the Bundesliga club FK Austria Wien. In 2017 he became top scorer of the Austrian Football Bundesliga with 17 goals. In August 2017 he went to Manchester City. There he was loaned to Spain to FC Girona. After little success in Spain he was loaned to Shakhtar Donetsk. With Shakhtar Donetsk he became champion and cup winner. For the 2019/20 season he was loaned to Gaziantep FK. Between 2020 and 2022 he played on loan for Sivasspor. 2022 till 2023 he was loaned to Ümraniyespor. In 2023 he went to Genclerbirligi in the second league of Turkey.

After Kayode had previously played for various Nigerian youth national teams, he was called up to the senior national team squad for the first time in March 2017. He made his debut the same month as a 76th-minute substitute for Ahmed Musa in a friendly against Senegal.

ASEC Mimosas
Maccabi Netanya
Shakhtar Donetsk
Sivasspor
FK Austria Wien

Massals

Massals is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Maurens-Scopont

Maurens-Scopont is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mazamet

Mazamet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mézens

Mézens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fabbrica Curone

Fabbrica Curone is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Kugelmugel

Kugelmugel is an art installation by artist Edwin Lipburger (1928-8 January 2015). It is a round house with a diameter of 8m. Currently it stands on a spot at the Wiener Prater, in Vienna, surrounded by barbed wire. Lipburger declared it to be an autonomous republic. For this reason, some see it as a micronation.

Today, it is mostly a tourist attraction in Vienna.

Skjåk

Skjåk is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,151 people lived there.


Øyer

Øyer is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,082 people lived there.


Grue, Norway

Grue is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 4,548 people lived there.


Nord-Odal

Nord-Odal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,016 people lived there.


Sør-Odal

Sør-Odal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 7,978 people lived there.


Våler, Innlandet

Våler is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 3,597 people lived there.


Åsnes

Åsnes is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 7,211 people lived there.


Hamar Municipality

Hamar Municipality () is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. It is in the traditional district of Hedemarken. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Hamar. In 2022, 31,999 people lived there.


Løten

Løten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 7,715 people lived there.


Ringsaker

Ringsaker is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 35,073 people lived there.


Stange

Stange is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 21,156 people lived there.


Halyna Kuzmenko

Halyna Kuzmenko (1897–1978) was a Ukrainian teacher and revolutionary.

Halyna Kuzmenko was born in Kyiv on 13 January 1897. Her father worked on the Ukrainian Railways and later as a farmer. Kuzmenko became a teacher in 1916. She taught the Ukrainian language and history at a primary school in Huliaipole. There she married the revolutionary leader Nestor Makhno. During the Russian Civil War, she joined the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine and operated a machine gun.

In 1921, Kuzmenko and Makhno fled to Romania. They then went to Poland, where they stayed in an internment camp. They were suspected of plotting treason against the Polish government and put in prison. Kuzmenko gave birth to their daughter in prison. They were acquitted during their trial. They stayed in Poland for another year. Makhno and Kuzmenko argued a lot at this time. They then moved to Paris, where Kuzmenko and Makhno divorced.

During World War II, she was arrested and taken to Berlin. She was used as forced labor by Nazi Germany. After the war, she was arrested by the Red Army. She was then sentenced to penal labour in Mordovia. In the 1950s, Kuzmenko moved to Kazakhstan. She lived there until she died on 23 March 1978.

Ringarum

Ringarum is a locality in Valdemarsvik Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 577 people lived there.

La Villeneuve, Saône-et-Loire

La Villeneuve is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France. On 1 January 2015, the former communes of Clux and La Villeneuve joined together to become the new commune called Clux-Villeneuve.

Thunder (Imagine Dragons song)

"Thunder" is a 2017 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons and is the second single from their third studio album "Evolve". It topped the single charts in the Czech Republic. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Germany, Hungary, Italy, New Zealand, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States and also peaked at number 20 in the United Kingdom. It was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2018.

The music video was shot in Dubai. As of 2023, it has over 2 billion views on YouTube.

In Guezzam

In Guezzam is the capital city of the Algerian province with the same name. It lies about north of the border with Niger. 7045 people live on an area of 46.813 km². Population density is about 1 person per 5 km. The Algier-Lagos-Highway runs through the city. The first settlement on the other side of the border, in Niger, is Assamaka. There is a small airport just outside the town. The airport is closed for regular flights; using it requires a permit. 

In Guezzam lies in the barren Tanezrouft region of far southern Algeria. The landscape is sandy, with frequent sand dunes interspersed with sandstone outcrops. The town is located in the southern extremity of the nation. For this reason,the Gulf of Guinea is closer to it than the Mediterranean coast in the north. The distance from In Guezzam to 11 African capital cities is shorter as the crow flies than the distance to Algiers.

1.7% of the population has a tertiary education (the equal lowest rate in the province), and another 4.9% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 39.4%, and is 50.7% among males and 29.1% among females; all three rates are the lowest in the province.

Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation

The L1049 (super Connie) in the mid 50s to late 60s was a common and famous plane, and TWA (trans world airlines) was among the largest operators of the type.

Hyperion (tree)

Hyperion is the name of a coast redwood tree "(Sequoia sempervirens)" in California, United States. It is the world's tallest known living tree, measuring 116.07 m (380.8 ft).

Hyperion is estimated to be 600 to 800 years old. It was discovered on 25 August 2006, by naturalists Chris Atkins and Michael Taylor. It was found in a remote area of Redwood National Park.


Carvel (franchise)

Carvel is an American ice cream franchise. It is owned by Focus Brands. It operates a chain of 320 ice cream outlets. It is best known for its soft-serve ice cream and ice cream cakes, which feature a layer of distinctive "crunchies". It also makes a variety of novelty ice cream bars and ice cream sandwiches. It was founded in 1929.

Philautus abditus

The Buon Luoi shrub frog ("Philautus abditus") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam and Cambodia and scientists think it lives in Laos too. People have seen it between 600 and 1200 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. This frog lives in mountain forests. Scientists have not seen this frog in places that human beings have changed, so they think it could be in danger in the future if humans cut down too many trees.

People have seen the male frog sitting about 3 meters above the ground calling to female frogs Scientists do not know where this frog lays its eggs.

Humans cut down trees to make farms to grow coffee, pepper, and cassava in Vietnam and safrole oil in Cambodia.

Richard Proenneke

Richard Louis Proenneke, born on May 4, 1916, was an American self-taught naturalist, conservationist, writer, and wildlife photographer. From around the age of 51 until 1998, he lived alone in the Alaskan mountains, building his own log cabin near Twin Lakes. Proenneke sourced much of his own food through hunting and fishing, documented his experiences in journals and on film, and left his cabin to the National Park Service upon his death. His cabin is now a popular attraction in Lake Clark National Park.

Proenneke's early life included growing up with three sisters and four brothers. Though he left high school after two years, he worked on Iowa family farms until 1939, enjoying motorcycles as a teen. During World War II, he served in the United States Navy as a carpenter, but after contracting rheumatic fever and recovering, he was discharged in 1945.

After leaving the Navy, Proenneke trained as a diesel mechanic but later followed his passion for nature, working on an Oregon sheep ranch and eventually moving to Shuyak Island, Alaska, in 1950. He worked as a heavy equipment operator, repairman, salmon fisherman, and diesel technician throughout Alaska, earning a reputation for his skills. Proenneke's dedication to nature and self-sufficiency led him to spend nearly three decades living independently in the Alaskan wilderness.

Baker Center (Austin, Texas)

The Baker Center, previously the Baker School, Baker Junior High School, and W. R. Robbins High School, is a historic building in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Austin, Texas. It has been, in order, an elementary school, a middle school, an alternative high school, and an administrative building for Austin ISD. In 2018, the Baker Center was bought by Alamo Drafthouse Cinema, and it is now their corporate headquarters.

It has been a filming location for the TV shows "Friday Night Lights", and "Walker".

As of October 27, 2023, the Baker Center is on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance in educational and architectural history.

When it was built, the Baker School replaced the original Hyde Park School.

It was identical to the Fulmore Middle School in South Austin, which would later become Lively Middle School.

The Baker School was designed by the architectural firm Endress & Walsh and their associate Roy L. Thomas.

The school was dedicated on November 28, 1911 as a segregated elementary school for white children living in Hyde Park. It is named for DeWitt Clinton Baker, who was the treasurer of the Austin Library Association in 1875.

Additions to Baker School were built in 1924, by city planner and architect Franz Hugo Kuehne, and in 1939 by the firm Kriesle and Brooks.

In the late 1930s, federal aid was given to the school, which was used to create a large rear addition. As a result of the expansion, the school now served elementary and middle school-aged pupils. The district then renamed the school to reflect this.

Baker Junior High School was renovated in 1958 and 1961 in an effort to modernize the building, as well as to accommodate the growing population of Hyde Park. The school's "Band Building" was established during the renovations.

The Baker Junior High School was made into an Alternative High School in 1980. W. R. Robbins closed in 1995.

After the closing of W. R. Robbins, the school became the main office for Austin ISD.

During this period, the building was used as a filming location for the TV show, "Friday Night Lights" and "Walker, Texas Red".

In 2016, in the wake of budget cuts, the district put the Baker School on the real estate market. They had previously suggested selling the school in 2011.

Austin ISD asked that any buyers use the building for educational purposes.

In 2017, the school's gymnasium was converted into an art venue named the "Rosette." It has been used primarily as a performance space for Austin Classical Guitar.

Movie theater chain Alamo Drafthouse bought the Baker Center in 2017 for $10.6 million. Alamo Drafthouse said they would use it as their corporate headquarters, but that it would also create affordable housing for public school teachers. They promised it would not be "just a development project".

Concerns were raised over Alamo Drafthouse winning the auction, as other bidders had spent millions more on their bids. ColinaWest Real Estate owner David Kahn sued Austin ISD, alleging that they had violated proper vetting processes by not going with one of the higher bids made. Kahn would later rescind his lawsuit.

Alamo Drafthouse has not built the affordable housing for teachers.

In 2020, Alamo Drafthouse sought NRHP status for the Baker Center. It was added to the register in October 2023, which gave the company a tax credit.

Schlotzsky's

Schlotzsky's is an American franchise chain of restaurants. It specializes in sandwiches and pizza. It has more than 330 franchised and company-owned locations throughout the United States. It was founded in 1971. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.

Assamaka

Assamaka is a small desert town in Niger, just south of the border with Algeria. It is the only border crossing between Niger and Algeria. The town In Guezzam in Algeria is about to the north. The area is inhabited may by Tuareg tribes. There are many migrants. Very often, they come without travel documents.

Jewelry Television

Jewelry Television is an American television network. It specializes in the sale of jewelry. It has an estimated reach of more than 80 million U.S. households, through cable and satellite providers, online streaming and limited over-the-air broadcasters. It was founded as America's Collectibles Network in 1993 by Jerry Sisk Jr., Bob Hall, and Bill Kouns.

Motor Trend (TV network)

Motor Trend is an American sports television network. It is owned by Motor Trend Group, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery through its TNT Sports unit. It primarily broadcasts automotive-themed programming, including motorsports events. It was launched in 2002.

Vestry Road

Vestry Road in Southwark is in the London region of England. The postcode is within the St Giles ward/electoral division, which is in the constituency of Camberwell and Peckham. It's 2.26 miles South East from Central London, 22.26 miles South East from St Albans, 23.03 miles North East from Woking and 26.67 miles North East from Guildford.

Vestry Road was a land bought and a name given to by the vestry (parish of St. Giles) then was abolished, administering what became the Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell. In 1900 which later became London Borough of Southwark.

Vestry Road is home to Vestry Mews which is a luxurious gated community, Lucas Gardens and Lettsom Estate (named after Dr John Coakley Lettsom) which has a Tenants' Residents Association hall. It has a pharmacy, cafe, takeaway and a restaurant. In September 2021 Southwark council received planning permission to improve the tenant's hall and adding new homes.

Blackball (movie)

Blackball is a 2003 British movie based on the game of bowls. It was written by Tim Firth, and the was directed by Mel Smith. The film follows Paul Kaye who is talented at the game, but comes from a working class family. He is teamed up with James Cromwell an upper class player to compete against Australia. The plot is based on the bowls player Griff Sanders, who was called "the Bad Boy of Bowls".


List of highest-grossing animated movies

These are the animated movies that made the most money. After inflation, the one which made the most money is Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.

1) Snow White, $ 1.019 billion 

2) One Hundred and One Dalmatians, $ 932.7 million 

3) The Lion King, $ 833.1 million 

4) Fantasia, $ 774.9 million 

5) Incredibles 2, $ 697.4 million 

6) The Jungle Book, $687.5 million 

7) Sleeping Beauty, $ 678.2 million 

8) Shrek 2, $ 651.5 million 

9) Pinocchio, $ 628.9 million 

10) Bambi, $594.6 million

If you ignore inflation, then these are the animated movies that made the most money 

1) Incredibles 2, $608.6 million 

2) The Super Mario Bros. Movie, $526 million 

3) Finding Dory, $486.3 million 

4) Frozen II, $477.4 million 

5) Shrek 2, $441.2 million 

6) Toy Story 4, $434 million 

7) The Lion King, $422.8 million 

8) Toy Story 3, $415 million

9) Frozen, $401 million 

10) Finding Nemo $380.8 million 

The Lion King Remake made more money before inflation than the other ones did but a lot of people call it a live action movie instead of an animated one and don’t count it while others say it counts as animated because it’s made with CGI.

The Super Mario Bros movie is huge but Second Biggest Animated Film Ever? Uh, no

Roquan Smith

Roquan Daevon Smith (born April 8, 1997) is an American football linebacker. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He has also played for the Chicago Bears.

He was recruited out of NSU University School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Smith started his career by playing college football at Georgia. 

During his time at Georgia, Smith played in the SEC Championship Game. He would be named the MVP of the game. He would also be named the SEC Defensive Player of the Year. Smith would also become the first Georgia Bulldog to win the Butkus Award for top linebacker in college football.

On January 15, 2018, Smith said that he was going to enter the 2018 NFL Draft.

On April 26, 2018, the Chicago Bears drafted Smith with the 8th pick in the first round of the 2018 NFL Draft. On June 15, Smith agreed to a four-year, $18.47 million fully guaranteed rookie contract with a signing bonus of $11.51 million.

On September 9, Smith made his NFL debut with the Bears in a 24-23 loss to the Green Bay Packers. In the game, he was able to record his first sack. 

On October 31, 2022, the Bears traded Smith to the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for A. J. Klein, a 2023 second round pick, and a 2023 fifth round pick. On January 10, 2023, Smith signed a five-year, $100 million contract extension with the Ravens.

Gus Edwards (American football)

Augustus Edwards (born 13 April 1995) is a Liberian American football running back. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Tottenville High School as a three-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Edwards started his career by playing college football at Miami. He would play with the Hurricanes from 2013 until 2016. In 2017, he transfered to Rutgers to play his final year in college.

Edwards would go undrafted. On 4 May 2018, the Baltimore Ravens would sign Edwards along with 14 other undrafted rookies.

On 15 October, Edwards would make his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 21–0 win against the Tennessee Titans. In the game, he was able to record his 42 yards on 10 carries. 

In his debut year, Edwards would finish the 2018 season with 718 rushing yards and 2 touchdowns. He was fifth in rookie running backs in the league. On 25 November 2018, Edwards would become the first Ravens rookie since Jamal Lewis in 2000 to have back-to-back 100+ yard rushing games.

On 7 June 2021, Edwards would sign a two-year; $10 million contract extension with the Ravens.

Edwards was born on 13 April 1995 in Monrovia, Liberia. He was born during the First Liberian Civil War. His family would move to New York when Edwards was five years old.

Mark Andrews (American football)

Mark Andrews (born September 6, 1995) is an American football tight end. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Desert Mountain High School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com. While at Desert Mountain, Andrews played the wide receiver position.

Andrews started his career by playing college football at Oklahoma. In 2017, Andrews was voted as the most outstanding tight end in college football and was awarded the John Mackey Award.

On January 4, 2018, Andrews announced that he was going to enter the 2018 NFL Draft.

On April 27, 2018, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Andrews with the 86th pick in the third round of the 2018 NFL Draft. On June 15, Andrews agreed to a four-year, $3.45 million rookie contract with a signing bonus of $836,660.

On September 10, Andrews would make his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 47–3 win against the Buffalo Bills. In the game, he had 31 yards off three receptions. Andrews would score his first touchdown in a 23–34 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals on September 13.

In 2019, Andrews would finish the season with 64 receptions for 852 receiving yards and ten receiving touchdowns. During the season, he would lead the league among tight ends in ten receiving touchdowns. He would also be named to his first Pro Bowl.

On September 6, 2021, Andrews would sign a four-year, $56 million contract extension with the Ravens with $37.6 million guaranteed.

On a October 11 overtime win against the Indianapolis Colts, Andrews would set career-highs in receptions with 11 of 13 for 147 yards, as well as, catching two touchdowns and was successful on two two-point conversion receptions. At the end of the season, Andrews would named to his second Pro Bowl and would also be named as a First-team All-Pro by the Associated Press.

Andrews has Type 1 diabetes and uses an insulin pump.

Cloak and Dagger (characters)

Cloak (real name Tyrone "Ty" Johnson) and Dagger (real name Tandy Bowen) are a fictional comic book superhero duo in the Marvel Comics universe. Two runaways who both developed the powers to manipulate the elements of light and dark, the two decided to become vigilantes and to stop threats. Both have been allies to Spider-Man, Wolverine, and members of the X-Men and the Secret Avengers.

The dynamic duo were created by Bill Mantlo and Ed Hannigan, and first appeared in "Peter Parker, the Spectacular Spider-Man #64" in March of 1982.

Marvel Television produced a two-season self-titled live-action television series set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with Aubrey Joseph as Ty Johnson and Olivia Holt as Tandy Bowen. Additionally, Joseph and Holt reprised their roles in the third season of "Runaways" following the former series' cancellation.

William Shepard Rose Jr.

William Shepard "Rip" Rose Jr. (born March 9, 1948) is an American lawyer.

William Shepard Rose Jr. was born in Columbia, South Carolina on March 9, 1948, as the eldest of three children to William Shepard Rose (1922–2004), an international businessman in the steel industry, and Meta Cantey Rose (née Boykin; 1924–2011), a socialite. His younger siblings are; brother B. Boykin Rose, the first South Carolina Department of Public Safety director, and sister Meta Boyd (née Rose).

Rose Jr. graduated from the University of South Carolina with his bachelor's degree in English in 1970. He graduated from the University of Southern California with his Doctor of Law degree in 1973. He graduated from Georgetown University with his Master of Laws in taxation in 1976. He graduated from the University of South Carolina School of Law in 1973.

Rose Jr. is a lawyer. He currently works at the McNair law firm in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.

Rose Jr. worked with the Office of Chief Counsel, Tax Court Litigation Division, Internal Revenue Service between 1973 and 1976. He worked at Frost and Jacobs between 1977 and 1981.

Rose Jr. and his wife reside in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.

Rose Jr. married Frances John Hobbs (born July 6, 1952) - the daughter of Truman McGill Hobbs - in Montgomery, Alabama on August 11, 1973. They have three children together; Katherine Cummings "Katie" Trotter (née Rose; born February 1977), Shep Rose and Whitaker Boykin Rose (born July 1983).

Rose Jr. has five grandchildren; three through Katherine and her husband John Trotter, and two through Whitaker and his wife Tiernan Rose.

Karl Kerbach

Karl Kerbach (30 September 1918 in Vienna-28 November 1994) was an Austrian football player. He played as forward mainly for Floridsdorfer AC.
In the 1942/43 season, Kerbach played for Floridsdorfer AC in the Gauliga Ostmark. With 31 goals scored in 19 Gauliga matches , he became the top scorer in this league. 1943 till 1945 he played for MSV Brünn. After the end of the Second World War he returned to Floridsdorfer AC . From 1949 to 1951 he and his club were represented in the (all-Austrian) Staatsliga. At the beginning of the second half of the season in 1951 he moved to 1. Wiener Neustädter SC. 
He played one match for the Austria national football team on 5 May 1946 (1-3) 

USS Langley (CV-1)

The USS "Langley" (CV-1) was the first aircraft carrier in the United States Navy.

Gerontology Research Group

Gerontology Research Group is a non profit research group that researches about aging, mainly focusing on people who are 110 years old or older. The group later eventually wants to start slowing and reversing aging. Most of the members of the group are respected scientists or have a PHD. The group was founded in the year 1990 by L. Stephen Coles and Stephen M. Kaye. However after Coles' death, he was replaced by John M. Adams.

Isaiah Likely

Isaiah Likely (born April 18, 2000) is an American football tight end. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Everett High School as a three-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Likely started his career by playing college football at Coastal Carolina. During his freshman year at Coastal Carolina, Likely was named as a third-team All-Sun Belt Conference. He would also be named as a first-team All-Sun Belt and a second-team All-American the next season in his junior year.

On October 7, 2021, he would tie an NCAA record in his senior year. Likely would catch four touchdowns and would catch a 99-yard reception, the longest touchdown reception. The Chanticleers would defeat the Arkansas State Red Wolves 52–20.

On April 30, 2022, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Likely with the 139th pick in the fourth round of the 2022 NFL Draft. On June 6, Likely signed a rookie contract with the Ravens.

On August 11, Likely would make his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 47–3 preseason win against the Buffalo Bills. His first NFL touchdown would come in a 27–22 win against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on October 27, 2022.

On January 20, 2024, Likely would record his first touchdown in an NFL playoff game. He would catch a 15-yard Lamar Jackson pass for the touchdown in a 27–22 win against the Houston Texans.

Justice Hill

Justice Hill (born November 14, 1997) is an American football running back. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Booker T. Washington High School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Hill started his career by playing college football at Oklahoma State. During his time at Oklahoma State, Hill would be named the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year and was also named to the Freshman All-American team.

On December 3, 2018, Hill said that he was going to enter the 2019 NFL Draft.

On April 27, 2019, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Hill with the 113th pick in the fourth round of the 2019 NFL Draft. On June 15, Hill signed a rookie contract with the Ravens.

On March 17, 2023, Hill signed a two-year, $4.5 million contract extension with the Ravens.

Bucay

Bucay a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 17,953 people lived here.

Bucloc

Bucloc is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 2,395 people lived here.

Lower Moutere

Lower Moutere is a farming community in the Tasman District. It is situated 6 kilometers east of Motueka and is on the Moutere Highway as an alternative to the main State Highway 60 route from Motueka to Nelson. It has a primary school that opened in 1857.

Daguioman

Daguioman is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillippines. According to the 2020 census, 2,019 people lived here.

Danglas

Danglas is municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,074 people lived here.

Dolores, Abra

Dolores is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 11,512 people lived here.

Madison Iseman

Madison Iseman (born February 14, 1997) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Charlotte in CMT series "Still the King" and Lennon Grant/Alison Grant in Amazon Prime Video series "I Know What You Did Last Summer". 

Iseman is from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and is the daughter of Susan and John Iseman, a dentist. She attended a virtual school.

In 2012, Iseman went on a music/missions trip to Kenya for two weeks. As of August 2013, she was active with the First United Methodist Church while in Myrtle Beach. She owns a cat.

La Paz, Abra

La Paz is a municipalty in Abra, Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 16,493 people lived here. 

Wakefield, New Zealand

Wakefield is a town in the Tasman District. It is located about 25 kilometers of Nelson on State Highway 6 and was named after Arthur Wakefield. It has a primary school in the town.

Devin Duvernay

Devin Duvernay (born September 12, 1997) is an American football linebacker and kick returner. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Sachse High School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Duvernay started his career by playing college football at Texas. Duvernay would record 106 receptions with nine touchdowns and 1,386 yards receiving in his senior year at Texas.

On April 24, 2018, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Duvernay with the 92nd pick in the third round of the 2020 NFL Draft. On June 15, Duvernay agreed to a four-year, $18.47 million fully guaranteed rookie contract with a signing bonus of $11.51 million.

On September 9, Duvernay made his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 38–6 win against the Cleveland Browns. In the game, he was able to record a 12-yard reception. 

On September 28, Duvernay would score his first touchdown in the NFL. He would run a 93-yard kickoff return into the endzone in a 20–34 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs. It was also the first kickoff return touchdown of the season.

His first career receiving touchdown came off of a 19-yard reception in a 19–17 win against the Detroit Lions on September 26, 2021.

Yearning (song)

"Yearning" is a 1957 duet song by George Jones and Jeanette Hicks. It was taken from his debut studio album "Grand Ole Opry's New Star" and went to number 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

Lacub

Lacub is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census 3,612 people lived here.

Lagangilang

Lagangilang is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines.
According to the 2020 census, 14,914 people lived here.

Lagayan

Lagayang is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,488 people lived here.

Langiden

Langiden is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 3,576 people lived here.

Licuan-Baay

Licuan-Baay is a municipalty in Abra, the Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 4566 people lived here.

Luba, Abra

Luba is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 6,518 people lived here.

Malibcong

Malibcong is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4.027 people lived here.

Manabo

Manabo is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 50,382 people lived here.

Peñarrubia

Peñarrubia is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 6,951 people lived here.

Vianney

Vianney Bureau (born 13 February 1991) is a French singer-songwriter. At 24 years old he won the award for performing artist of the year at the "Victoires de la musique 2016"

Vianney has three brothers. He grew up in a music-loving family. He listens his father sing and play songs on the guitar by artists French like Georges Brassens. Vianney has a passion for music at the age of 12 and began to write songs. In 2005, his father introduced him to some musician friends with whom he recorded his first track. In 2007, he make his first concert in an auditorium, the New Morning in Paris. He grew up in Paris and studied at Notre-Dame-des-Oiseaux College, where he would write a song of the same name, present on his first album "Idées blanches."


Ram Mandir (disambiguation)

Ram Mandir ('temple of Rama') may refer to:


Amblypterus

Amblypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Cisuralian. 


The type species is "Amblypterus latus".





Cisuralian

The Cisuralian is the first series/epoch of the Permian.

The Cisuralian was full of many animals such as actinopterygian "Amblypterus" and prototherapsid "Tetraceratops". The swampy fringes were mostly ferns, seed ferns, and lycophytes.

An unusual shark called "Helicoprion" also made its appearance. This strange fish had a tooth whorl.


Flip Video

The Flip Video cameras were an American series of pocket video cameras for digital video. They were created by Pure Digital Technologies. They were known for their simple interface with few buttons, minimal menus and built in USB plugs, and were marketed as making video "simple to shoot, simple to share". The cameras were introduced in 2006. They were discontinued in 2011.

Friendly's

Friendly's is a restaurant chain on the East Coast of the United States. It was founded in 1935, at the height of the Great Depression, by brothers Prestley and Curtis Blake in Springfield, Massachusetts. It offers diner-style cuisine and highlights its 22 ice cream flavors. Many locations offer an ice-cream only take-out window alongside the table service option. 

Radosław Gilewicz

Radosław Gilewicz (8 May 1971 in Chełm Śląski) is a former Polish football forward.
From 1991 he played for GKS Tychy. Then he moved to Ruch Chorzów in 1992. From 1993 to 1995 he played for FC St. Gallen. Then he played for VfB Stuttgart until 1997. His last game for VfB Stuttgart was the 1997 DFB Cup final, where he came on as a substitute. 1997-1998 he played for Karlsruher SC. 

After KSC was relegated from the Bundesliga in 1998, he moved to Austria and played for FC Tirol Innsbruck. With Innsbruck he won three championships and was top scorer in 2001 with 22 goals. After FC Tirol was dissolved, Radosław Gilewicz went to FK Austria Wien. There he reached the double in 2003 and the cup in 2005. Between 2005 and 2007 he played for . Then he moved back to Poland and played for Polonia Warsaw. 2009 he ended his active career as a player.

David Arthur Sikes

David Arthur Sikes (born 1955 in England) also known as David Sikes is a musician, business owner and former bassist for band Boston (1987-1998).

He moved to Suisun City, California at a young age with his family. He attended Crescent Schoos. Sullivan Middle School, Sem Yeto Continuation High School and Solano College with a major in Music.

After his studies, He Moved to Berkeley and joined many local bands.

In 1982, He Joined the Hard Rock Band named "Aldo Nova" as a Bassist and background singer. And in 1987, Sikes Joined the Rock Band Boston as a Bassist. The same year He did his first show with Boston at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas. During his time He played bass, sang and co-wrote five plus songs on Boston's 1994 Release Walk On, including "Surrender to Me", and "We can make it". Also He appeared on Boston’s Album ""Corporate America"" and Boston’s Greatest Hits release from the 90s.

Sikes was a Band-Member with Boston from 1987 to Feb 1997, performing on the Third stage, Canada 1988. Medlock Krieger All Star Pre Party Concert in 2019. Sikes played an outdoor concert with Jeff Campitelliof Satriani’s bandat in 2021.

David Sikes on Facebook
Krispy Krunchy Chicken

Krispy Krunchy Chicken is a quick-serve fried chicken chain. It was founded in 1989 in Lafayette, Louisiana. It has 2,700 locations across 47 states in the U.S. It is offered mainly in convenience stores and gas stations.

Hot Topic

Hot Topic is an American retail chain. It specializes in counterculture-related clothing and accessories, as well as licensed music. It is aimed towards an audience interested in rock music and video gaming, and most of their audience ranges from teens to young adults. It was founded in 1989.

Bow Glacier Falls

The majestic Bow Glacier is located about 37 km (23 mi) north of Lake Louise on the Icefields Parkway. Runoff from the glacier flows into picturesque Bow Lake, which is the source of the Bow River that winds through Banff National Park, Kananaskis Country, Calgary, and Alberta's prairies.

Big Ten Network

Big Ten Network is an American sports network. It is based in Chicago, Illinois. It is dedicated to coverage of collegiate sports sanctioned by the Big Ten Conference, including live and recorded event telecasts, news, analysis programs, and other content focusing on the conference's member schools. It was launched in 2007. It is a joint venture between Fox Sports and the Big Ten.

Warner Bros. Pictures

Warner Bros. Pictures is an American movie studio and distribution company of the Warner Bros. Entertainment. They are based in Burbank, California.

Pidigan

Pidigan is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 12, 475 people lived here. 

Pilar, Abra

Pilar is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 10,146 people lived here.

Mildred Washington (1739-1740)

Mildred was born in June 21 , 1739 as the last daughter of Augustine Washington and Mary Ball Washington. Mildred died in October 23 , 1740 in infancy. Her half sister Jane died at the age of 12 or 13 and Betty was the only daughter to survive childhood. Her name can be called Mildred IV Washington, because of Augustine sister, mother and his grandmother not to be confused with her cousin Mildred Gregory ,

Potbelly Sandwich Shop

Potbelly Sandwich Shop is a publicly traded American fast-casual restaurant chain. It focuses on submarine sandwiches and milkshakes. It was founded in 1977 in Chicago. Its name refers to the potbelly stove. Some locations have presented live music from local musicians during the lunch hours. 

Fremont Nebraska

Fremont Nebraska, Inc. is a multinational corporation headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska. The company was founded in 2018 by former employees of Berkshire Hathaway. The company was created as a competitor to Berkshire Hathaway. 

The company was founded 4 July 2018 by Fou Naberson and his co-workers as a competitor to Berkshire Hathaway.

Mariet Westermann

Mariët Westermann is an American art historian, academic, and museum professional. She has been named director and CEO of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum.

She graduated from Williams College, and New York University Institute of Fine Arts.

From 1995 to 2001, she taught at Rutgers University. She was associate director at the Clark Art Institute at Williams College. From 2010 to 2019, she was executive vice president at the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. She was director of the New York University Institute of Fine Arts. From 2007 to 2010, she was Vice Chancellor of NYU Abu Dhabi.

Ivanivske

Ivanivske can be



Adobe Creative Cloud

Adobe Creative Cloud is a subscription service created by Adobe. It includes software for graphic design, video editing, and photography.

Ballon d'Or Féminin

The Ballon d'Or Féminin is a prestigious award in women's football, designed to recognize and celebrate the exceptional talent and achievements of female footballers globally. Introduced in 2018 as an extension of the renowned Ballon d'Or, which has honored outstanding male players since 1956, this accolade signifies a significant step towards acknowledging and promoting gender equality in the world of football.

The inaugural Ballon d'Or Féminin was awarded in 2018, with Norwegian striker Ada Hegerberg making history as the first recipient. Hegerberg's outstanding goal-scoring abilities and contributions to Olympique Lyonnais Féminin played a pivotal role in establishing the credibility and importance of the award.

2018: Ada Hegerberg (Olympique Lyonnais Féminin)

2019: Megan Rapinoe (Reign FC)

2020: Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic

2021: Alexia Putella (FC Barcelona)

2022: Alexia Putella (FC Barcelona)

2023: Aitana Bonmatí

The Ballon d'Or Féminin plays a crucial role in inspiring female footballers worldwide. By shining a spotlight on the remarkable achievements of women in the sport, the award encourages inclusivity and diversity within football. This recognition not only motivates current players but also serves as a catalyst for young girls to pursue their dreams in football, fostering a more equitable future for the sport.

Similar to the Ballon d'Or, the Féminin edition features categories such as Best FIFA Women's Player, UEFA Women's Player of the Year, and others. Nominees are selected based on their performances throughout the calendar year, considering their contributions at both club and international levels.

Despite its positive impact, the Ballon d'Or Féminin has faced challenges and controversies. Some argue for increased media coverage and recognition to elevate the status of women's football further. Addressing the gender pay gap and ensuring equal opportunities for female players remains an ongoing challenge that requires collective efforts from the football community.

The Ballon d'Or Féminin stands as a symbol of recognition for the exceptional talent and achievements of women in football. As the award continues to evolve, it underscores the importance of fostering gender equality, supporting female athletes, and providing them with the opportunities and recognition they rightfully deserve. The Ballon d'Or Féminin is not merely an award; it is a celebration of the growing impact and influence of women's football on the global stage.

Kalli Purie

Kalli Purie is an Indian journalist, and news executive. She is Vice Chairperson, and Executive Editor-in-Chief of the India Today Group.

She graduated from St Hugh's College, University of Oxford.

She was Editorial Director for Broadcast . In 2017, she was named Vice Chairperson.


Princess Elizabeth Albertine of Saxe-Hildburghausen

Elisabeth Albertine of Saxe-Hildburghausen (4 August 1713 – 29 June 1761) was a Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. She served as regent for her son after the deaths in 1752–1753 of her husband and brother-in-law, respectively, the ducal appanage of Mirow and of the Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.

Elisabeth Albertine was a daughter of Ernest Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen (1681–1724), and his wife, Countess Sophia Albertine of Erbach-Erbach (1683–1742).

On 5 February 1735, Elisabeth married Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg-Mirow (23 February 1707 – 5 June 1752) at Eisfeld, the youngest son of Adolphus Frederick II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, and half-brother to Adolphus Frederick III. They became the parents of ten children.

The death of her childless brother-in-law on 11 December 1752, six months after she was widowed, left Albertine as regent of both men's duchies on behalf of her eldest son, Adolphus Frederick IV, until he attained his majority at the age of 14 on 17 January 1753. During that brief period she ruled the Strelitz duchies under the protection of George II of Great Britain, warding off encroachments from Duke Christian Ludwig II, ruler of the Schwerin branch of the House of Mecklenburg.

She died in 1761, shortly before the marriage of her daughter Sophia Charlotte to King George III of Great Britain, and was buried at the ducal crypt in Mirow. Elisabeth had ten children, including the future Queen Charlotte, consort to King George III of the United Kingdom.

Cloud seeding

Cloud seeding is a method of modifying the weather. It changes the amount of rain that is created by adding chemicals to the sky. Chemicals such as silver iodide, potassium iodide, or dry ice are often used for cloud seeding.

Gheebah

Backbiting in Islam is called Gheebah (غيبة). It is generally regarded as a major sin in Islam and compared in the Qur'an to the abomination of eating the flesh of a dead brother.
There are two verses in the Quran about backbiting. Verse 12 of Surah Al-Hujurat says:
Verse 148 of Surah Nisa says:

The hadith defines backbiting and generally advises not to do it and not to publicize and keep secrets (كتمان الاسرار) of others.

Based on the mentioned second verse and some reliable hadiths Islamic jurists including Al-Nawawi in his book Gardens of the Righteous have declared slanderer or slander in 6 cases to be valid according to hadiths: Sahih al-Bukhari 6032, 6054, 6131, Muslim 2591, Tirmidhi 1996, Abu Dawud 4791, 4792, Ahmad 23586, 23984, 24277, 24726, 24878, Muwatta Malik 1672 - 

Imam Al-Bukhari has obviously justified the backbiting of wicked people to save people from being deceived from their appearance. If people are not informed of the real conduct of such persons, their religious as well as worldly life will be exposed to a grave danger. For this reason, the backbiting of wicked persons for the purpose of warning others is permissible.


Korean State Railway

North Koran State Railway is the only railway operating in North Korea. There are over of track. Most of it is standard gauge, about are narrow gauge. On the border to Russia, there are which are also in Russian broad gauge. They are between Rajin and Kassan and continue to the Transsibirian Railway near Wladiwostok, which is about away. About are electrified. The rail link to South Korea has been re-eastablished but it is rarely used. There is a rail link to China, between Sinŭiju and Dandong. Because few people can afford cars, rail is impoerrtant for pasenger transport in North Korea.

Marcie Hobbs

Margaret Bricken "Marcie" Crowe (née Hobbs; born December 21, 1984) is an American real estate agent and television personality. She is best known as a former recurring cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Margaret Bricken Hobbs was born in Montgomery, Alabama on December 21, 1984, as the elder of two children to Dexter Cummings Hobbs (1955–1990), a law clerk, and Nan Hobbs (née Dunklin), a teacher. Her younger brother is Dexter Cummings Hobbs Jr., a lawyer. Her father died from cancer on April 22, 1990, at the age 34.

Hobbs attended a private school, Montgomery Academy. She graduated from Loyola Marymount University, a private Jesuit in Los Angeles, with her Bachelor of Arts degree in communications and media studies in 2007. She was a member of the Delta Delta Delta women's fraternity.

Hobbs is related to the Hobbs family through her paternal relations. The family became known after building the railroads out of Chicago. Her paternal grandparents were Truman McGill Hobbs, a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama; having been appointed by the 39th President of the United States Jimmy Carter in 1980, and Joyce Hobbs (née Cummings). Her great aunt was Edith Cummings, the first female athlete to be featured on the cover of "TIME" magazine in 1924. She is first cousins with her "Southern Charm" co-star Shep Rose.

Hobbs has worked as a real estate agent since January 2012.

Hobbs made her television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a "friend of" for the eighth season. The eighth season was launched on June 23, 2022. She did not return for the ninth season.

She resides in Charleston, South Carolina with her husband, John Crowe. The couple wed on May 15, 2021. Their daughter, Edith Cummings "Edie" Crowe, was born on December 2, 2021.

Sallapadan

Salapadan is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 6,389 people lived here.

Forever 21

Forever 21 is a multinational fashion company. It is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. It was founded as the store Fashion 21 in Highland Park, Los Angeles in 1984. It sells accessories, beauty products, home goods, and clothing for women, men and children. It is currently operated by Authentic Brands Group and Simon Property Group.

Philautus erythrophthalmus

Philautus erythrophthalmus is a frog. It lives in Malaysia and Indonesia. People have seen it between 1,000 and 1,550 m meters above sea level.

This frog lives in oak forests, but scientists have seen at least one in a place where all the trees had been cut down.

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

This frog is in danger of dying out because people cut down trees to make farms to grow palm oil and to get wood to build with.

Operation Poseidon Archer

Operation Poseidon Archer is an ongoing military operation by the United States and United Kingdom against the Houthi movement. The military operation started during the Red Sea Crisis. The operation, consisting of missile airstrikes against the Houthis, has resulted in the deaths of at least 22 Houthi members.

On the morning on 12 January 2024, a coalition launched a large-scale missile attack against the Houthi movement in Yemen. The coalition consisted of the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands. This coalition attack was the beginning of Operation Poseidon Archer.

On 13 January, the "USS Carney" launched missiles towards and destroyed a Houthi radar facility at the al-Dailami Air Base in Yemen.

On 16 January 2024 at about 4:15 a.m. Sanaa time, the United States conducted an operation against the Houthi movement amid the Red Sea Crisis. According to the United States military, four anti-ship ballistic missile were destroyed. It was also reported that the missiles were “prepared to launch” and “presented an imminent threat to both merchant and U.S. Navy ships”.

On 17 January 2024, the United States conducted a set of military airstrikes on the Iranian-backed Houthi movement in Yemen amid the Red Sea Crisis. The strike occurred approximately 6 p.m. EST. According to the United States military, the strike destroyed 14 missiles which were on launch rails and could have been fired at any time against civilian merchant ships or against the United States Navy. The United States also stated the strike worked to "degrade the Houthi’s capabilities to continue their reckless attacks on international and commercial shipping in the Red Sea, the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait, and the Gulf of Aden".

On 18 January, the United States conducted two airstrikes. The airstrikes destroyed two Houthi anti-ship missiles.

On 19 January, the United States conducted airstrikes against Houthi. The airstrikes destroyed three Houthi anti-ship missiles.

On 20 January, the United States conducted an airstrike against Houthi. The airstrike destroyed an anti-ship missile. The U.S. also stated the missile was destroyed in "self-defense".

On 22 January, the United States and United Kingdom conducted major airstrikes against Houthi-controlled Yemen. The strike targeted a Houthi underground storage facility and locations associated with the Houthis' missile and air surveillance capabilities. The UK confirms that four RAF Typhoons took part in the airstrikes.

On 24 January, Houthis claimed to have attacked U.S. destroyers and other warships in the Red Sea. This attack supposed to be in response to Operation Poseidon Archer. Houthis claimed to have directly hit a U.S. destroyer with a missile during the attack. This attack was denied to have occurred by the United States government.

On 26 January, the Houthis launched an anti-ship ballistic missile towards the USS "Carney". The "Carney" defended herself and shot the missile down. No damage or injuries occurred to the ship.

On 3 February, the US and UK bombed 36 Houthi sites in Yemen. They targeted places like underground facilities, places where drones are kept and used, missile systems, radars, and helicopters. This happened in 13 different areas controlled by the Houthis. They did this to weaken the Houthis' power.

On 6 February, the Houthis said they had targeted US and British ships in two attacks in the Red Sea, causing minor damage but no casualties.

On 10 February, Houthi media announced the names of 17 fighters who were killed in the US-UK strikes. The announcement came after public funerals were held in Sana'a.



Solanki (clan)

Solanki is one of the important clans found in the Gurjar community. 
In Sindhi and Punjabi, they refer to it as Solangi in the regions of Sindh, South Punjab, and Balochistan. They're mostly Hindu in north Indian states, but some are also Muslim, largely in Pakistani areas.

They belonged to the fire-born agnikula lineage.
They are found in Pakistani provinces like in Sindh, Balochistan and Punjab. But they mainly inhabit in the Indian states of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, and Dehli.


Lodha

Lodha"", or Lodhi "is a widespread clan found among the Gurjars of Pakistan and north India. It is commonly found among the Hindu and Muslim Gujjars of the Himalayan and Punjab regions." "Sometimes it is also spelt as Loda", Lodhe", Lode "or Lodi."

It is believed that Lodha Gujjars originally came from the Ludhiana district of the Punjab region, and they're descendants of a ruler named Raja Lodha who was a ruler of Ludhiana in present-day Indian Punjab.
They're inhabit in Pakistani areas like Azad Kashmir, Punjab, Pakistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Hazara. In Indian areas they're mainly inhabit mainly in the areas like Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab (Patiala, Gurdaspur and Ludhiana), India.

Sports Authority

Sports Authority was an American sports retailer. It operated 463 stores in 45 States and Puerto Rico. It was founded in 1987. On March 2, 2016, The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, and the case was converted to Chapter 7 a few months later. On May 18, 2016, the company announced that all of the stores would close by the end of August 2016.

Chavda

Chavda, (Gujarati:ચાવડા), (often spelled Chavada, Chawada, Chawda, Chawara or Chapotkata) is a prominent clan of the Gurjar ethnic community. 

They are predominantly found among Hindu Gujjars, but there are some Muslims as well.

Some Chavda Gurjars can be found in Punjab, Pakistan, although they are mostly found in Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, and Gujarat. 


World Channel

World Channel is an American digital multicast public television network. It isowned and operated by the WGBH Educational Foundation. t is distributed by American Public Television and the National Educational Telecommunications Association. It was launched in 2005. The channel airs programming covering topics such as science, nature, news, and public affairs.

America One

America One was an American television network. It was established in 1995 by USFR Media Group through its America One Television subsidiary. It served over 170 LPTV, Class A, full-power, cable and satellite affiliate stations. It was reported in September 2014 that One Media Corp had sold America One to Center Post Networks, LLC, owner of Youtoo TV. The sale was finalized sometime in spring 2015.

Grupo Lala

Grupo Lala is a Mexican dairy company. It was founded in 1949 in Torreón, Coahuila. It is headquartered in Gómez Palacio, Durango. It is the largest dairy company in Latin America. Its name makes reference to its origin "La Laguna", a region located in Northern Mexico where the Mayran Lagoon is located.

Pundir

Pundir or Pundhir is a clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjars. It is also found among the Jat caste group.

They inhabit mainly in the areas like Punjab, Pakistan, Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab, India.


Chaprana

Chaprana is a (gotra) clan specifically found among the Gurjar ethnic people of India and Pakistan in the region of south Asia.

Chaprana Gujjars are located in Punjab, Pakistan but they're mainly located in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Delhi and Punjab (Nabha), India.



Pawar

Pawar is a clan (sub-caste) found among the Hindu-Muslim Gurjar ethnic People of southern Asia. That is based in Rajasthan and other north Indian states. 
Pawar Gujjars trace their ancestry back to the Chandravanshi, kshatriya lineage (Lunar Dynasty descendants). They also claimed to be direct descendants of Raja Vikramaditya, who ruled in Ujjain (modern-day Madhya Pradesh) until 57 BCE.

They are mainly found in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Kashmir and Dehli.

Laur

Laur, (also spelled) Lava, Lavi or Lor is a major clan of the Gurjar ethnic community of northern India. 

Gujjars are divided into two groups in Gujarat and Rajasthan: the Khari and the Laur (or Lava). These two are further subdivided into a number of clans.

Lava and Khari Gujjars are equal in status. However, Laur Gurjars typically regard themselves as inferior to Khari or Khadwa Gurjars, and thus sometimes disregard intermarriage. 

Laur Gurjar are found in Gujarat and Rajasthan, Including the Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Girnar, districts of Gujarat and Bharatpur, Jaipur, Alwar, Kota, Karoli, Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Mewar, Sirohi districts of Rajasthan.

Laur/Laava Gujjars have over twenty subclans, which are shown below.: 

Mitra (hinduism)

Mitra (Sanskrit: मित्र IAST: Mitrá) is a Hindu god and generally one of the Adityas (the sons of the goddess Aditi), though his role has changed over time.

Post-left anarchism

Post-left anarchism is a set of beliefs in contemporary anarchism which critique traditional leftist thoughts. It believes that leftism is too centered on tactics such as syndicalism, vanguardism and parliamentarianism and that it is too outdated. The four main schools of thought it combines are egoism, communism, post-civilizationism and anarchism. Even if some advocate for armed insurrection, most support the creation of spaces and affinity groups to act freely in the current society rather than fighting for utopian ideas.

Post-leftist anarchists consider that it is not an ideology, which they consider a fixed set of ideas that over-define a person. It proposes as an alternative critical self-theory, which is a way an individual creates his own beliefs beyond limitations of ideology. This means that post-left anarchism is not a unified theory. It is not a capitalist thought because it also criticizes capitalism, liberalism and private property for being forms of authority.

Notable post-left anarchists include John Zerzan, Hakim Bey and Bob Black.

Adirondack Thunder

The Adirondack Thunder are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Glens Falls, New York at the Cool Insuring Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Stockton, California as the Stockton Thunder from 2005 to 2015. On January 30, 2015, it was announced that the Calgary Flames had purchased the Stockton Thunder and would be moving the team to Glens Falls, New York to become the Adirondack Thunder. The Adirondack Flames AHL team would also move at the same time to Stockton to replace the Thunder and become the Stockton Heat.

On October 9, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Adirondack Thunder. They would be defeated by the Elmira Jackals 4–2.

In the 2016–17 season, the Thunder would finish the season with 41 wins, 20 loses, and 93 points, leading the North Division. They would lose to the Manchester Monarchs in the division semifinals four games to two. 

On June 8, 2017, the Thunder and the Calgary Flames ended affiliation. Two months late on August 8, it was announced that the Thunder and the New Jersey Devils had entered an affiliation.

The team would be successful in the 2017–18 season, again topping the North Division. They finished with 41 wins, 24 losses, and 89 points. They would make it to the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Florida Everblades four games to one.

Zoé (band)

Zoé is a Grammy Award and Latin Grammy Award-winning Mexican rock band formed in Mexico City in 1994, although membership started to stabilize in 1997. The band has achieved success in Mexico and most Spanish-speaking countries with albums such as Rocanlover, Memo Rex Commander y el Corazón Atómico de la Vía Láctea and Reptilectric.

Joseph Leidy

A taxonomist, known for discovering several notable species, like the Dire Wolf, which he named "†Aenocyon dirus dirus", in 1858.

Neetu Singh

Neetu Singh is a Indian actress that is well known for appearing in Hindi films made through the years 1960 to 1980. In the year 2012, she was put on the Walk of the Stars in Mumbai. She started her acting career in the movie Suraj, released in the year 1960.

Richard Brousek

Richard Brousek (12 January 1931 – 28 November 2015) was an Austrian football player. The striker played mainly for Wacker Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team and in the Netherlands.
Richard Brousek started at Wiener AC and moved to SC Wacker Wien in October 1948. There he stayed 10 seasons. During this time he became 3 times runner up in the championship. 1955 he became top scorer of the league with 31 goals in 25 matches. In 1958 the striker went to the Dutch club SC Enschede in the Eredivisie. After two years with Be Quick he went back to Austria and played again for Wacker Wien.
In 1955 he played 4 matches for Austria . His debut was on 24 April in a 2-2 versus Hungary. His last match was on 23 November in a 2-1 away win versus Wales. 

Gzhelian

The Gzhelian is the youngest stage of the Pennsylvanian. It is more or less coeval with the Stephanian Stage of the regional stratigraphy of Europe.


Al-ras (drum)

The Al-Ras drum is a musical percussion instrument from the group of Membranophone instruments. It is a large drum used in the dancing battle named "Yowlah" (also known as Al Ayyala) which is a popular dance for celebration in weddings and other social gatherings.

The drum is made by Bull skins while the sides of drums are made through Jackfruit. Its leather is heated by an open fire.
There are many different shapes and sizes of drums. Al-ras leads the dance and sets the beat for the smaller "Takhamir" drums that follow up. It's usage is usually seen in the Bedouin tribes that are in Oman, Qatar and UAE. it has become an important part in Musics of Oman, Qatar and UAE.

Bluefieldius

Bluefieldius is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Late Mississippian in what is now West Virginia. The only species is Bluefieldius mercerensis. "Bluefieldius mercerensis" is known from a single fossil collected from the Bluefield Formation.



Maine Mariners (ECHL)

The Maine Mariners are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2018. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Portland, Maine at the Cross Insurance Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Providence Bruins of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Anchorage, Alaska as the Alaska Aces from 2003 to 2017. The Aces would stop playing because of the low ticket sales and struggling Alaskan economy. On June 15, the rights to the team were sold to Comcast Spectacor. Comcast would move the team from Anchorage to Portland, Maine. The name Mariners was revealed on September 29. The team shares a name with a former AHL team called the Maine Mariners. They played from 1977 until 1987 and again from 1987 until 1992.

On October 13, 2018, the team would play their first game as the Maine Mariners. They would be defeated by the Adirondack Thunder 6–3.

On June 30, 2021, the Mariners and the Boston Bruins announced that they had formed an affiliation. The Bruins were also the AHL's Mariners affiliate. 

Amiopsis

Amiopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish belonging to the family Amiidae. The type species is "Amiopsis prisca".






Margaret Odette

Margaret Odette (born September 27, 1995 in New York City) is an Haitian-American actress. She is known for her role as Sasha Snow in the Netflix series "Sex/Life".

Odette was born in New York City. She earned a Bachelor of the Arts from Brown University. After that, she got a master’s degree in fine arts from New York University Tisch School of the Arts. She completed her early education at a local high school and did her bachelors from the British American Dramatic Academy in Oxford, England.


US Second Lieutenant

Second lieutenant is an officer rank in the US Military. They are called commissioned officers, and are the lowest officer rank. 

In the Marine Corps, Army, Air Force, and Space Force, second lieutenants are junior officers. They command a group of around 20-50 soldiers, marines, airmen, or guardians.

In the Navy and Coast Guard, Second Lieutenants are called "Ensigns." 

In 2024, second lieutenants are payed a minimum of 45'912 USD per year.

San Isidro, Abra

San Isidro is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,745 people lived here.

San Juan, Abra

San Juan is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 10,688 meople lived here.

Tayum

Tayum is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 14,869 people lived here.

Tineg

Tineg is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,977 people lived here.

Tubo, Abra

Tubo is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 5,674 people lived here.

Blue Diamond Growers

Blue Diamond Growers is an agricultural cooperative and marketing organization. It specializes in California almonds. It was founded in 1910. It claims to be the world's largest tree nut processing and marketing company. It is headquartered in Sacramento, California.

Villaviciosa

Villaviciosa is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 5,675 people lived here.

Buenavista, Agusan del Norte

Buenavista is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census 68,892 people lived here.

Ovation (American TV channel)

Ovation is an American television network. Its focus is on the fine arts and contemporary culture. The network is owned by Ovation LLC. It was launched in 1996, mainly with spread-out coverage throughout the country and no satellite carriage.

Grupo Bimbo

Grupo Bimbo is a Mexican multinational food company. It has a presence in over 33 countries located in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Africa. It was founded in 1945. It has an annual sales volume of 15 billion dollars. 

Sunsweet Growers

Sunsweet Growers is an American agricultural marketing cooperative. It was founded in 1917 as the California Prune and Apricot Growers Association. It manufactures a variety of dried fruit and juice products, although it is best known for prunes. It is headquartered in Yuba City, California.

Sunkist Growers, Incorporated

Sunkist Growers, Incorporated is an American citrus growers' non-stock membership cooperative. It is headquartered in Valencia, California. It is the largest fresh produce shipper in the United States, the most diversified citrus processing and marketing operation in the world, and one of California's largest landowners. It was founded in 1893.

Al-Quds TV

Al-Quds TV was a television channel broadcasted on Nilesat and Arabsat networks. It was created on the 11th of November 2008, and shut down on the 10th of Febuary 2019. The channel supported the Hamas political party and was allegedly affiliated with Hamas. The channel also supported Islamic Jihad and criticized Fatah and the Palestinian National Authority. The television channel was once bombed by Israel in the year 2012 which injured 3 staff members of the television channel. The television channel was declared a terrorist group in 2018 as the Defense Minister at the time claimed that the channel was a propaganda arm of Hamas.

Chadnav

Chadnav - The Ultimate Persona of Pranav

In the vast realms of existence, there exists a legendary figure known as Chadnav, a charismatic and awe-inspiring manifestation of the individual known as Pranav. Chadnav stands as the epitome of confidence, charm, and sheer coolness, transcending the boundaries of ordinary existence.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Origin Story:**

Chadnav's origins can be traced back to the moment Pranav decided to embrace his inner chadness, transcending the ordinary and mundane aspects of life. It is said that a cosmic energy enveloped Pranav, transforming him into the legendary Chadnav. This metamorphosis marked the beginning of a new era, where Chadnav would become a symbol of aspiration for many.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Physical Appearance:**

Chadnav is described as an immaculate being, adorned with an aura of unparalleled confidence. His physique is sculpted to perfection, reflecting the dedication and determination that Pranav possesses. Dressed in stylish attire that effortlessly combines comfort and sophistication, Chadnav's appearance captivates all who gaze upon him.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Charismatic Personality:**

Chadnav is renowned for his magnetic personality. His mere presence exudes an air of self-assuredness, drawing people toward him like moths to a flame. His charm is irresistible, and his confidence is infectious, inspiring those around him to strive for greatness.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Legendary Feats:**

Chadnav's existence is marked by a series of legendary feats that have elevated him to mythical status. From effortlessly acing every challenge that life throws at him to turning mundane situations into epic adventures, Chadnav leaves an indelible mark wherever he goes.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Social Influence:**

Chadnav's social influence knows no bounds. He is the life of every gathering, the one whose mere presence transforms ordinary events into extraordinary experiences. His social circle is vast and diverse, as people from all walks of life are drawn to the magnetic energy that Chadnav exudes.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Memes and Folklore:**

Chadnav's legend has not only permeated the physical world but has also become a phenomenon in the digital realm. Memes and folklore celebrating his legendary status circulate across the internet, immortalizing his essence in the collective consciousness of the online community.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Philanthropy and Wisdom:**

Despite his chad demeanor, Chadnav is not devoid of compassion. He is known for his philanthropic endeavors, using his influence to make a positive impact on the world. Additionally, Chadnav imparts wisdom and guidance to those who seek it, sharing the secrets of his success and encouraging others to unlock their full potential.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Legacy:**

Chadnav's legacy is destined to endure through the ages. As the chad version of Pranav, he serves as an inspiration for individuals to embrace their true selves and strive for greatness. The tale of Chadnav transcends the boundaries of fiction, leaving an indelible mark on the hearts and minds of those who encounter his legendary saga.

Code golf

Code golf is a computer programming competition where competitors try to create a program with the smallest amount of source code. The term "code golf" comes from golf, where you need to score the lowest points. In code golf, you need to use the fewest letters.

International Children's Peace Prize

The International Children's Peace Prize is awarded annually to a child who fights for children's rights. Winning the International Children's Peace Prize puts changemakers in news headlines around the world. In 2023, the winner's message reached more than 3.1 billion people.

Rose Harlean

Rose Harlean (born July 4, 1992) Is a French actress, filmmaker and LGBT rights activist.

In 2009, Rose Harlean began appearing in short films and as an extra in feature films such as "Battle of the Year" (2013) which was partially shot in her hometown of Montpellier.

Harlean ventured into directing while still studying film at the University of Montpellier. Her 2013 short film "Wild Horses" was shot in Eastern Washington. She also directed and acted in the short films "Eternal Return" (2017) and "Dead Palms" (2021) which were shot in English. 

Harlean is a trans woman. As an activist for trans representation on screen, she welcomed Scarlett Johansson's choice not to appear as a trans man in the film Rub&Tug in 2018. In 2020, she wrote an open letter in the magazine Têtu where she advocates for a better consideration of trans actors in French cinema. In a 2021 interview with Les Inrockuptibles, she describes herself as hopeful when it comes to future representations. 

In 2021, she voiced the character of Çağla in the French version of the Netflix film "Paper Lives".

Grupo Nutresa

Grupo Nutresa is a food-processing conglomerate. It is headquartered in Medellín, Colombia. It markets its products under approximately 70 different brands in 65 countries. Other activities include the investment or application of resources or cash under whatever form authorized by law and the exploration of the metal-mechanic and packaging industry. It was founded in 1920.

Philautus cardamonus

The Cardamon shrub frog ("Philautus cardamonus") is a frog. It lives in Cambodia in the Cardamon Mountains. People have seen it between 1,000 and 1,700 meters above sea level.

This frog can be as large as 19.3 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is light brown and dark brown in color. The eardrum is also dark brown. The throat and chest have white and dark brown color on them. The front legs are short and thick.

This frog lives in evergreen forests.

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

This frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place. Because this frog lives high in the hills, it might not be able to travel to new habitats, such as when human beings cut down trees in between the hills.

Judge Mathis

Judge Mathis is an American arbitration-based reality court show. It was presided over by Judge Greg Mathis, a former judge of Michigan's 36th District Court and Black-interests motivational speaker/activist. The series premiered on September 13, 1999. It features Judge Mathis adjudicating small claims disputes from his studio courtroom set. The series ended on May 25, 2023.

Eudald Domènech i Riera

Eudald Domènech Riera, ( Ripoll, 1962), is a Spanish businessman linked to new technologies and the Internet, considered "the first businessman in Spain on the Internet." He was the founder of Servicom, the first private company to offer internet connection and internet services all over Spain. He was also co-founder of World Online, founder of Telépolis, co-founder of InOutTV, SincroGuiaTV and Total Channel, among other "startups".​

Domènech trained as a draftsman, although at the age of nineteen he set up a nightclub in his native Ripoll, with a radio station installed in the DJ booth, through which he broadcast commercial advertisements interspersed between the musical pieces. Since then he decided to dedicate himself to advertising and "marketing", and in 1993 he started an advertising business in Vich . That same year he founded Servicom, a pioneering internet company in Spain and where he served as executive director until 1995, when he left the company. Since then he has been involved in important corporate operations in the field of telecommunications, although he also suffered various failures, he has refloated from all of them. ​

The Servicom company was founded by Eudald Domènech in 1993, with just over 10 million pesetas. It distributed several databases of general information produced by external institutions. In the beginning, the environment supported by Alberto Lozano, worked with FirstClass only for Macintosh, although it was later adapted for IBM-PC and offered selections from the newspapers "El Mundo" and "El Periódico de Catalunya", and magazines such as "El Temps" . Signing up for the service cost 3,220 pta, the connection "kit", 4,590 pta, and the basic monthly fee, 1,380 pta.​

After Servicom, in January 1996 Domènech created a new internet portal and the first virtual community in Spain, Telepolis. When EresMas wanted to open its market online, and paid about 14.000 million pesetas for Telépolis, in Retevisión shares,​ probably the last major independent portal left on the Spanish Internet. ​



Superactinide

The superactinides are a group of hypothetical elements that are predicted to be elements 121-156. One of these elements is expected to have a magic number of protons and neutrons which is unbihexium. unbihexium is expected to have 126 protons and 184 neutrons.

Further Information: Unbiunium

Unbiunium, also known as eka-actinium was attempted to be synthesized in 1977 by shooting Copper-65 at Uranium-238. it was unsuccessful and no atoms were indentified.
Further Information: Unbibium

Unbibium, also known as eka-thorium was attempted to be synthesized in 1972 by shooting Zirconium-66 and 68 at Uranium-238. it was unsuccessful. no atoms were detected. Unbibium is predicted to be in the island of stability.
Further Information: Unbitrium

Unbitrium also known as eka-protactinium or element-123 no attempt has ever been made to make Unbitrium.
Further Information: Unbiquadium
Unbiquadium, also known as eka-uranium, is the predicted element-124. It is predicted that Unbiquadium-308 has a magic number of neutrons which is 184. it is in the island of stability.
Futher Information: Unbipentium

Unbipentium also known as eka-neptunium is the predicted element-125. in 1977 unbipentium was tried to be synthesized by shooting zinc-68 and 68 at americium-238 it was unsucessful and no atoms were detected. 
Futher Information: Unbihexium

Unbihexium also known as eka-plutonium is expected to have a magic number of protons and neutrons 126 protons and 184 neutrons.
it was tried to be synthesized in 1971, and it was unsuccessful. and it is in the island of stability.
Further Information: Unbiseptium

Unbiseptium, also known as eka-americium was attempted to be synththesized in 1978 by shooting xenon ions at tantalum no atoms were detected.
Further Information: Unbioctium

Unbioctium also known as eka-curium, is the predicted element-128, it has not been tried to be synthesized.
Further Information: Unbiennium

Unbiennium also known as element-129, has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untrinilium, also known as element-130, isotopes that are above Untrinilium are predicted to have isotopes that are extremely radioactive. it has never been tried to be synthesized. 
Further Information: Untriunium
Untriunium, also known as eka-Einsteinium is element-131 of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Further Information: Untribium
Untribium also known as eka-Rutherfordium is element-132 It is predicted to be in the island of stability.
Untritrium, also known as element-133 has the atomic symbol Utt it is expected to have extremely unstable isotopes it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untriquadium, also known as element-134 is in the island of stability it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untripentium, also known as element-135 has atomic symbol Utp it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untrihexium, also known as element-136 has not been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uth.
Further Information: Untriseptium

Untriseptium also called eka-dubnium is predicted to be element-137. Richard Feynman said that Untriseptium was the end of the periodic table. he was wrong. it turned out to be Unsepttrium. and there have not been any attempts to make Untriseptium. 
Untrioctium, also known as element-138 has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uto.
Untriennium is element-139. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Ute.
Unquadnilium is element-140 it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqn.
Unquadunium is element-141 of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqu.
Unquadbium, is the predicted element-142. it is predicted to have extremely radioactive Isotopes. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqb.
Unquadtrium,is the predicted element-143. it is predicted to have extremely radioactive Isotopes. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqt.
Unquadquadium, is the predicted element-144. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqq.
Unquadpentium, is the predicted element-145. it has never been tried to be synthesized.
Unquadhxium, is the predicted element-146. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqh.
Unquadseptium, is the predicted element-147. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqs.
Unquadoctium, is the predicted element-148. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqo.
Unquadennium, is the predicted element-149. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqe.
Unpentnilium, is the 150th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentunium, is the 151st element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried o be synthesized. 
Unpentbium, is the 152nd element of the periodic table it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentrium, is the 153th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been ried to be synthesized.
Unpentquadium, is the 154th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentpentium, is the 155th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpenthexium is the predicted 
element-156. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentseptium is the last element in the superactinides. it is the predicted element-157. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
There is a alpha decay chain starting from 296-Uue,296 and 299-Ubn, 300-Ubu, 300 and 303-Ubb, 304-Ubt, and 304-Ubq continuing up a possible narrow 1 microsecond alpha decay chain. with targets 248-Cm 249-Bk and 249-Cf and projectiles 50-Ti 54-Cr and 58-Fe. 
A calculation in 2016 predicted that the most stable predicted isotopes of Unbiunium are 309-314 Ubu. they are predicted to have half-lives long enough to be detected in labs. 304-314 Ubu though are expected to alpha decay.
There were two attempts of making Ubb-306 they were tried to be made by shooting 58-Fe at 248-Cm. No atoms were found. The 2nd one was shooting 64-Ni at 242-Pu. No atoms were found. 
The predicted most stable isotope of Unbiquadium is predicted to be Ubq-330. with 124 protons and 206 neutrons. Ubq-308 has a magic number of neutrons which is 184.

1. https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/31339
2. https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/37064
3. https://chemeurope.com/en/encyclopedia/Unbiquadium.html

GOL TV

GOL TV is an American TV sports channel dedicated to soccer. It is owned by GOLTV Inc., based in North Bay Village, Florida. It was launched in 2003. It broadcasts Portugal Primeira Liga, Liga 1, Campeonato Uruguay and Ecuadorian Serie A matches.

CBS News Sunday Morning

CBS News Sunday Morning is an American television news magazine. It has aired on CBS since January 28, 1979. It was created by Robert Northshield and E.S. "Bud" Lamoreaux III, and original host Charles Kuralt. It currently airs Sundays between 9:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. EST, and between 6:00 a.m. to 7:30 a.m. It is currently hosted by Jane Pauley.

Dhruv Sharma

Dhruv Sharma, professionally known as dhruv, is a British-born, Singaporean-American singer-songwriter, guitar player and music producer.

Sharma was born in London from an Indian family and they all moved to Singapore when he was two years old. He attended United World College. At the age of 18 he moved to the United States to study statistics and data science at Yale University, Connecticut, where he started getting into music. Dhruv wrote piano songs in his bedroom when he started uploading demos to the internet in 2017. Raised in Singapore, with roots in India and the UK, Dhruv grew up on an electric mix of songs from Bollywood, 2000s pop radio and inspired by Frank Ocean. He plays several instruments such as acoustic guitar, accordion, and keyboard.

After releasing for independent mixtapes between 2017 and 2018, Sharma was signed to RCA.

In August 2019 he released "Double Take", his debut single. Over the next two years, the song went viral because more people used it as the soundtrack for their TikTok videos. Year later in 2020, he released his first studio album, r"apunzel" becoming his first number one album in several Southeast Asian countries.

The R&B song about falling in love with a best friend hit number one in the Philippines and Thailand, and was in the top five on streaming charts in Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore last year. TikTok videos featuring the song have recorded 285.6 million views and on Spotify the song has more than 727 million streams.

Even before the song started appearing on the charts last year, dhruv was confident enough to take a break from his studies in 2020 to focus on his music full time.

He released their debut single "Double Take" on May 24, 2019, while he was third-year student at Yale University. He became famous in 2021, because that song became popoular though TikTok and was placed on Spotify's Today's Top Hits playlist in 2021. In 2021 "Double Take" debuted on Billboard Global Excl. US Chart.

They followed this with "moonlight" and "vulnerable" in 2020. The themes of their music revolve around their experiences as a young, queer Indian man.

On January 19, 2024, dhruv released his seventh studio song, "Tragedy", after taking a two-year break from music.




Albert Gleizes

Albert Gleizes (8 December 1881 – 23 June 1953) was a French painter. He was one of the founders of cubism and a major influence in the School of Paris.

Gleizes and fellow painter Jean Metzinger were the authors of the first important book on cubism, named in French "Du "Cubisme"" (Of "Cubism") (1912).

Baojun

Baojun () is a Chinese automobile marque owned by SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile, a joint venture Between General Motors, SAIC Motor, and Guangxi Auto (previously Wuling Group).

Following the success of Wuling Motors, the Sino-American joint-venture SAIC-GM-Wuling decided to create a second car brand aimed at Chinese buyers, announcing the creation of Baojun in November 2010. The goal was to offer affordable cars that would compete with Chinese low-cost vehicle manufacturers such as Chery and Geely. 

The first Baojun car to go on sale was the compact sedan 630. During the premiere, the manufacturer emphasized the relatively low price, which in 2010 amounted to the equivalent of 7,000 US dollars. During the construction work on the Baojun 630, mainly designers from the American General Motors participated.

The expansion of the Baojun brand's offer began in mid-2012, when Chevrolet Spark was added to its range, taking the name Baojun Lechi. Further investment plans to expand Baojun's portfolio were presented in April 2014, over the next 12 months, introducing two new models, whose concept dominated the range of the Chinese brand in the following years - minivana 730 and SUV-a 560.

In April 2016, Baojun began exporting its model for the first time - the compact sedan 630 went on sale in Egypt i Algeria under the Chevrolet brand as the second generation of the Optra.

In 2018, Baojun expanded its offer with two more groundbreaking models - the first electric car in the form of microcar E100, and also the large SUV 530, which was the first vehicle in the history of the Chinese brand to be sold on global export markets under the Chevrolet brand. A year later, its production was also launched in the first factories outside China - in India under the MG brand as MG Hector and Indonesia as Wuling Almaz.

The Baojun brand has achieved great success in the domestic market Chinese, becoming one of the most popular car manufacturers in this country and recording dynamic annual growth. While annual sales amounted to 30,000 units in 2012, 5 years later it exceeded the threshold of 1 million copies. However, this result was not maintained in the following years, with declines of -200,000 copies per year on average.

In January 2019, Baojun announced a new model tactic "New Baojun", assuming giving your vehicles a more avant-garde styling and supplementing the offer with higher-positioned vehicles with richer equipment. By the way, the manufacturer also changed its logo, replacing the existing shield with the image of a horse with a more minimalist diamond-shaped profile of a horse.

Since the implementation of the new tactic, Baojun models have been using a new naming order - passenger cars have been assigned the 'RC' prefix, "RS" SUV and crossover, and "RM" minivan. In the spring of 2021, Baojun introduced nomenclature based on proper names for the first time. In April 2021, the RC-5W was renamed Baojun Valli, in turn, the electric hatchbacka E300/E300 Plus was renamed Baojun KiWi EV.

In 2023, in the face of drastically decreasing demand and market failure of most combustion models produced so far, Baojun moved on to phasing out production of unsuccessful models and went on the offensive in the electric car class, presenting at the beginning the Yep crossover and the Cloud hatchback.


Geane Rocha

Geane Rocha (born March 11, 1991) is a Brazilian businesswoman and model based in Valencia, Spain. Rocha was born in Tocantins, Brazil.

Born in Colinas do Tocantins, Brazil, Geane started her professional journey in Goiânia. Initially she started working with buses and moved to real estate at early years of her life. Rocha eventually stepped into modeling in 2016. She was featured in various magazines, music videos alongside Hollywood stars during her modeling career.



Dairy Farmers of America

Dairy Farmers of America is a national milk marketing cooperative in the United States. It markets members' raw milk and sells milk and derivative products (dairy products, food components, ingredients and shelf-stable dairy products) to wholesale buyers both domestically and abroad. It was founded in 1998. 

Post Holdings

Post Holdings is an American consumer packaged goods holding company. It is headquartered in St Louis, Missouri. It operates in the center-of-the-store, refrigerated, foodservice, and food ingredient categories. It was founded in 2012.

MLB Network

MLB Network is an American television sports channel. It is dedicated to baseball. It is owned by Major League Baseball, with TNT Sports, Comcast's NBC Sports Group, Charter Communications, and Cox Communications having minority ownership. It was launched in 2009.

SEC Network

SEC Network is an American multinational sports network. It is owned by ESPN Inc., a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Communications. The channel is dedicated to coverage of collegiate sports sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference. It was launched in 2014. 

Riich

Riich () is an elite division of the Chinese company Chery, which existed from March 2009 to April 2013.

Since Chery was founded, most of Chery's higher-selling models (such as QQ, Qiyun, etc.) are cheap cars in the low-end market, The sales of models over RMB 100,000 such as Dongfangzhi and other models have been sluggish, causing consumers to have an impression of Chery as "low-end" and "cheap". In order to get rid of the market's "low-end" image of Chery and enter the mid-to-high-end automobile market, Chery Automobile Chairman Yin Tongyue proposed a multi-brand strategy and decided to create multiple sub-brands with different market positionings., in order to enhance the brand image and market share, and implement the strategy of "having more children, more fights". Therefore, on March 19, 2009, Chery released its three new brands "Karry", "Rely" and "Riich" at the third assembly plant in Wuhu, Anhui Province. Among them, "Riich" is positioned as the most advanced among the three, taking the luxury car route., is Chery’s first attempt at luxury cars. The brand’s first model, the G6, also rolled off the assembly line on the same day.

Although Riich is a high-end brand, its products ranging from the G6 priced at more than 200,000 yuan to the M1 with a price of only 40,000 yuan also carry the same "Riich" logo, which drags down the positioning of more expensive models such as the G5 and G6. Nobody cares, sales were affected. In addition, Riich has low visibility in the automobile market and is considered to be on the verge of "disappearing". The only Riich dealer in Guangzhou City also suffered from sluggish sales. Even if the price reduction of the model was as high as 20,000 yuan, it still did not help the sales. The dealer was losing at least 300,000 yuan every month, which caused the dealers all over the country to lose money. Riich dealers continue to withdraw from the network. In Guangdong Province alone, only Zhuhai still has Riich dealers.

Due to poor sales, in order to reduce operating costs, Chery intends to return its models to the same Chery brand and discontinue the Rely and Riich brands.

The company's first car was the Riich G6, developed by Chery. Затем в ноябре 2009 года компания представила микролитражный кроссовер Riich X1, and in December 2009 - the Riich G5 sedan. At the time of closure, the company produced the following models:


Jake Short

Jake Short, (born on May 30, 1997) is an American actor known for his roles in various television series and films. Jake Short is from Indiana.

He gained fame for his role as Nose in the film "Shorts,"and for his role as Fletcher Quimby in the Disney Channel sitcom "A.N.T. Farm" which aired from 2011 to 2014. He also played Oliver in the Disney XD series "Mighty Med" from 2013 to 2015 and "Lab Rats: Elite Force" in 2016.

Patrick Treacy

Patrick Treacy is an Irish doctor, specialising in aesthetic medicine. He also treated Michael Jackson when he lived in Ireland for a number of months in 2006.
Treacy was born in Garrison, Fermanagh, Northern Ireland where his parents ran a shop, garage, and filing station.He attended Queens University in Belfast. In an incident his legs were broken by paramilitaries in retaliation for a student prank, after which he was transferred to the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland in Dublin to study medicine. Later he took a break during his education and travelled for a period with David Bowie's Serious Moonlight in Europe.
In 1987, while working in a hospital in Dublin, a needle he had used to draw blood from a patient with HIV jabbed him in the leg, resulting in an area being cut out of his leg. After that incident he moved to New Zealand in 1988 to work as a respiratory and cardiology registrar with Dunedin Hospital. In 1990, he became a staff health doctor at a hospital in Baghdad during Saddam Hussein's reign where he was arrested and jailed for five days near Erbil by the Iraqi Army after traveling through Kurdistan. He was a ship's surgeon in Florida during the 1990s. In the late 1990s, Treacy worked as a flying doctor in Broken Hill N.S.W. with the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia.

In 2000, he founded the Ailesbury Clinic in Dublin and another Ailesbury Clinic in Cork in 2005. In 2003, Treacy won the professional medical media category at the GlaxoSmithKline Medical Media Awards. In his memoir, "The Needle and the Damage Done", he details how the Irish recession affected his business, and that of many of his patients.
Treacy states that Michael Jackson sought him for cosmetic treatment after reading about his charitable work in Africa. He was Jackson's doctor during his time in Ireland, treating him 5 or 6 times, and asserts that he developed a friendship with the singer. Treacy states that Jackson invited him to organise "a big concert in Rwanda for all the children suffering from HIV". In 2009, Treacy was on the special witness list for the trial of Conrad Murray, but was not called to testify. In 2011, he told Dr Drew on CNN that he had arranged for an anaesthetist to administer propofol twice to Michael Jackson during aesthetic procedures.

Jean-Jacques Goldman

Jean-Jacques Goldman (born 11 October 1951) is a French retired singer-songwriter and record producer whose work is popular in the French-speaking world. 

A founding member of the Les Enfoirés charity collective in 1986, Goldman also wrote successful albums and songs for many artists, including "D'eux" for Céline Dion, which is the most successful French language record to date. He received his most notable recognition in the English-speaking world for winning a Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1997, as a co-author of three tracks on Céline Dion's "Falling into You". After a voluntary retirement in the early 2000s, he remains appreciated and influential in France.

From 1975 to 1997, Goldman was married with Catherine Morlet. He remarried in 2001 with Nathalie Thu Hong-Lagier. He is a father of six: Caroline (b. 1975), Michaël (b. 1979) and Nina (b. 1985) he had with Morlet, and Maya (b. 2004), Kimi (b. 2005) and Rose (b. 2007) he had with Thu Hong-Lagier. His son, Michaël Goldman along with her daughter Naelle Dominique Marie Jose Goldman, are two of the co-founders of My Major Company France, a major fan-funded music label.

His younger brother Robert Goldman is a songwriter (often known as J. Kapler).

His half-brother Pierre Goldman was murdered in mysterious circumstances in 1979 in Paris.




Tracey MacDonald

Tracey Leigh MacDonald is a Canadian/American standup comedian, writer, actress and voice-over artist recognized for her versatile comedic style, blending observation, sarcasm, satire and storytelling. She gained prominence through her success in the comedy circuit in both Canada and the United States. She is also a a proud member of SAG/AFTRA.

MacDonald was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and attended Saint Francis Xavier University in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, where she pursued a Bachelor of Arts with a major in Psychology and Mass Media Studies. Her foray into standup comedy began during her university years when she participated in a comedy contest, ultimately leading to her decision to pursue comedy as a career. Tracey is one of eight children. 

MacDonald started doing gigs while she was attending her first year of university, when she did well in campus comedy and took gigs with comedian Simon Cotter. She has also appeared on numerous Canadian Television and Radio Shows and got her own Special on CTV’s Comedy Now. She also appeared in few episodes of Halifax Comedy Festival, which aired on CBC and CTV.  But it was her 6-minute Television appearance on Comedy at Club 54 that got her seen by CBS Executives in Los Angeles, where she would go on to win four times on CBS’s New Version of Star Search. She beat out every contestant, securing a grand prize of $200,000, a network development deal, and a guest-starring role on a CBS sitcom. (they never did give her the guest star role but she did appear on the CBS Early Show) Her victory came after triumphing over 07 competitors and emerging victorious in the Battle of Champions against seasoned winners. MacDonald also appeared in Variety Magazine after performing at a benefit for Buddy Hackett at the El Captain Theatre along with Sarah Silverman, Bob Saget, Jay Mohr and many more at this time she was managed by Bary Katz they are still friends to this day. 

With an extensive repertoire of performances at esteemed venues like Laugh Factory, The Comedy and Magic Club, The Ice House, and The Improv, MacDonald established herself as a headlining act and a prominent figure in the comedy scene. Her television appearances spanned networks such as CBS Comedy.TV, The E! Network, Logo TV, Comics Unleashed, and Just for Laughs.  After her win ..Tracey moved to Los Angeles, California, and has lived there ever since. She has been living and working in Los Angeles. Tracey has headlined Clubs all across the United States and Canada and as of 2023 she has become a Guest Entertainer on Holland America ,Princess and Royal Caribbean Cruise Ships. Tracey has traveled to Alaska, Iceland, Greenland, South America and the Caribbean and enjoys seeing the world. 

Over her career, she has worked for the following magazines and radio stations: 



Eight hundred stations on I Heart Radio 



Following is the list of her published works. 


2024 United States airstrikes on Kata'ib Hezbollah

On 24 January 2024, the United States launched an attack on Kata'ib Hezbollah in Iraq. The airstrike destroyed a Kata'ib Hezbollah headquarters building and other Kata'ib Hezbollah facilities.

According to the United States, the airstrikes were done in retaliation for attacks against the United States. These attacks included the al-Asad Airbase attack four days earlier. The United States reported that Kata'ib Hezbollah was responsible for the attack. The airstrikes and airbase attack are part of a regional escalation of the Israel–Hamas war and the United States–Iran proxy war. Kata'ib Hezbollah is controlled by the Quds Force, which is a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which is a branch of the Iranian Armed Forces.

At approximately 12:15 a.m. Iraq time, the United States launched the airstrikes. The airstrikes destroyed three Kata'ib Hezbollah facilities. These included a headquarters building, a training facility, and storage facility. The U.S. airstrikes destroyed Kata'ib Hezbollah rockets, missiles, and one-way attack drones. The United States conducted these airstrikes without consulting any allies. Seven members of Kata'ib Hezbollah were killed in the airstrikes.


Upper Moutere

Upper Moutere is a locality settlement in the Tasman District near Motueka. It is on the Moutere Highway as an alternative to the main State Highway 60 route from Motueka to Nelson. It has a primary school that opened in 1857.

Acadian French

Acadian French, also known as Acadien or Acadien français, is a variety of French spoken in the Acadian regions of the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island. Acadian French is spoken in parts of the U.S. state of Maine, particularly in areas with Acadian population.

The history of Acadian French can be traced back to the 17th century when French settlers, known as Acadians, made communities in the Maritime provinces of Canada. These settlers maintained a distinct cultural and linguistic identity, contributing to the development of Acadian French.

Acadian French has distinctive features that set it apart from other French varieties. It incorporates elements from Old French and features unique vocabulary and expressions influenced by the region's history and cultural interactions.

Acadian French includes words and phrases that reflect the region's maritime and agricultural heritage. Some terms may differ from standard French. This showcases the language's adaptation to local surroundings.

The pronunciation of Acadian French also exhibits variations compared to standard French. Regional accents and influences from English and Indigenous languages contribute to the distinct sound of Acadian French.

Acadian French is a part of Acadian culture, connecting communities through a shared linguistic heritage. Despite facing challenges over the years, including periods of linguistic assimilation, efforts to preserve and promote Acadian French have been ongoing.

Many initiatives, such as language programs, cultural events, and community organizations, work towards preserving and revitalizing Acadian French. These efforts aim to ensure that future generations continue to speak and appreciate this unique linguistic heritage.

The influence of Acadian French extends beyond its immediate communities. It has contributed to the linguistic diversity of North America. It has also influenced the French spoken in parts of Louisiana, known as Cajun French.

In conclusion, Acadian French is a distinct variety of the French language with history and unique characteristics. Efforts tosave and celebrate this linguistic heritage play a big role in keeping the cultural identity of Acadian communities.

Flag of Acadiana

The Acadiana flag is a symbol representing the cultural region known as Acadiana in the southern United States. Acadiana is home to a vibrant community that traces its roots to the Acadian people. They settled in the area after being expelled from Canada in the 18th century.

Māpua, New Zealand

Māpua is a town in the Tasman District, New Zealand. It is located west of Nelson and had State Highway 60 bypassed in December 2010. It has a primary school and has markets at every Easter Weekend. It is situated on the Tasman coastline.

Anders Sandberg

Anders "Dagger" Sandberg (3 May 1968 - 23 January 2024) was a Sweden music artist. who was famous for being a member of the band Rednex. Sandberg died on 23 January 2024, at the age of 55.





Kaeo

Kaeo is a small settlement in the Far North District, New Zealand and is located 22 kilometers northwest of Kerikeri on State Highway 10. It had a Sanfords Fishery factory that closed in December 2011 and has two schools in the township. It suffered from flooding in January 2011 following the result of Cyclone Wilma.

Fox Sports 1

Fox Sports 1 is an American pay television channel. It is owned by the Fox Sports Media Group, a unit of Fox Corporation. It replaced the motorsports network Speed on August 17, 2013. It airs an array of live sporting events, including Major League Baseball and World Baseball Classic, college sports, soccer matches, and a variety of motorsports events.

Fox Sports 2

Fox Sports 2 is an American sports-oriented pay television channel. It is owned by the Fox Sports Media Group, a unit of Fox Corporation. It was founded as Fuel TV on July 1, 2003. It is based at the Fox Sports division's headquarters on the Fox Studio Lot in the Century City section of Los Angeles, California.

Matthieu Bareyre

Matthieu Bareyre, born 1986 in France, is a French director.

Matthieu Bareyre, born in 1986, is a French author, director, and editor. His debut feature film, "L'Époque," received the Best First Film award in 2019 from the Film Critics Syndicate. According to Vodkaster, he is among the 20 filmmakers to watch in the coming decade. He directed his first film "L'Epoque" in 2012




Léo Pons

Leo Pons, born on October 4, 1996, in Aurillac, is a French director.

He is widely recognized for directing successful films that showcase the Cantal region, such as "The Hobbit: The Return of the King of Cantal," a parody feature film based on J. R. R. Tolkien's novels and Peter Jackson's films, and "Le Buron," a 23-minute thriller filmed in Cantal that intertwines local legends and history. For the latter, Pons received several awards, including Best Thriller and Best Director at the Los Angeles Film Festival or Le Buron, a 23-minute thriller shot in Cantal blending local legends and history. It earned him various awards, including the Best Thriller and Best Directing awards at the Los Angeles Film Festival.



DZRH-TV

DZRH-TV (digital UHF channel 39) is a Philippine television station owned by Radyo Natin Network and operated by its affiliate Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines. The station's studio is located at the Second Floor, MBC Building, Star City, Vicente Sotto St., CCP Complex, Roxas Boulevard, Pasay; while its transmitter is located at the BSA Twin Towers, Bank Drive, Ortigas Center, Mandaluyong.

UHF Channel 40 (629.143 MHz)



Scombroclupea

Scombroclupea is an extinct clupeiform from the Cenomanian.




Dorsetichthys

Dorsetichthys is an extinct, prehistoric fish from the Early Jurassic period of Europe. It contains only one species, Dorsetichthys bechei. It is the only member of its family, Dorsetichthyidae in the order Dorsetichthyiformes.

"Dorsetichthys" looked like a herring, but it was not related to them. It had a single dorsal fin, a symmetrical tail, and an anal fin. It also had large eyes.

"D. bechei" was traditionally a species of "Pholidophorus". However, Arratia (2013) said it was distinct from the type species of "Pholidophorus" and created a new order and family for "Dorsetichthys".

Aglyptorhynchus

Aglyptorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. It has the following species:



Wilhelm Kreuz

Wilhelm Kreuz (29 May 1949 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player and coach. The striker also played for the Austrian national football team.
Willy Kreuz played his first games in the championship for Admira Energie Wien in 1966. He soon became one of the club's best strikers. In 1971 he became top scorer of the league with 26 goals. 1972 he moved to Sparta Rotterdam in the Netherlands. After two seasons at Sparta, he went to local rival Feyenoord. In the summer of 1978, Willy Kreuz returned to Austria where he went to VÖEST Linz. He ended his career with SC Eisenstadt in 1982/83.
He played 56 mmatches for Austria and scored 11 goals. He was part of the squad for the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 
Willy Kreuz later worked as a coach at several clubs. In 1991 he sensationally won the Austrian Cup with SV Stockerau. 

Xiphiorhynchus

Xiphiorhynchus is an extinct, prehistoric swordfish that lived from the Eocene until the Oligocene. It is closely related to the modern-day swordfish.

"Xiphiorhynchus" resembled a swordfish. However, there's one minor difference. Its upper and lower jaws were extended to look like the point of a sword.

"Xiphiorhynchus" probably spent time in coastal areas of tropical seas. There are specimens of "X. priscus" and the holotype of "X. kimbalocki".

The type species is Xiphiorhynchus elegans.

"Xiphiorhynchus" is known from incomplete fossils.



Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University

The Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University (DMMMSU) is the state university system in the province of La Union in the Philippines. It was established in 1981 by former president Ferdinand Marcos through Presidential Decree 1778, combining various state-run schools in La Union. Like Mariano Marcos State University in Ilocos Norte, it is named after the former president's father, Mariano Marcos.

Before 1993, DMMMSU had seven campuses across the province. After a reorganization, these campuses were grouped into four autonomous units: North La Union Main Campus (DMMMSU-NLUC), Mid La Union Campus (DMMMSU-MLUC), South La Union Campus (DMMMSU-SLUC), and the Open University System (DMMMSU-OU). Each unit is led by a chancellor/director, and the entire system is headed by the university president, Dr. Jaime I. Manuel Jr.

The North La Union campus, created in 1993, houses DMMMSU's central administration. It originated from the College of Agriculture and Forestry (CAF), Institute of Veterinary Medicine (IVM), Institute of Computer Studies (ICS), and Institute of Environmental Studies (IES). In 2002, the College of Agriculture and Forestry split into the College of Agriculture and the Institute of Agroforestry and Watershed Management (IAWM). Notably, the Bacnotan Campus hosts national research institutes like the Sericulture Research and Development Institute (SRDI) and the National Apiculture Research Training and Development Institute (NARTDI).

Aespa

Aespa (; stylized as æspa) is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 17 November 2020. The group is made of four members: Karina, Giselle, Winter and Ningning. They make K-pop music under SM Entertainment. They are famous for their metaverse concept and for their EDM and hyperpop songs.

The group's name, Aespa, combines the English first letters for "avatar" and "experience" (Avatar X Experience) with the English word "aspect", meaning "two sides", to give the idea of "meeting another self and experiencing the new world". Their fans are called "My".




Lanternfish

Lanternfish are small mesopelagic fish of the family Myctophidae. They are one of two families in the order Myctophiformes. They have 246 species in 33 genera, and are found in oceans worldwide.

These fish have slender bodies and big elliptical to round lateral eyes (dorsolateral in "Protomyctophum" species). They also have a large mouth with jaws closely set with rows of small teeth.

Lanternfish are called "lanternfish" because of their photophores and their ability to produce bioluminescence.

The 33 genera are:


HDNet Movies

HDNet Movies is an American digital cable and satellite television network. It is owned and operated by HDNet LLC, operating as a subsidiary of AXS TV LLC. It features theatrically released films and documentaries, which are presented in high definition and without commercial interruption or editing for content. It was launched in 2001.

NFL Network

NFL Network is an American sports-oriented pay television network. It is owned by the National Football League and is part of NFL Media. It features game telecasts from the NFL, as well as NFL-related content including analysis programs, specials and documentaries. It was launched in 2003.

Myctophiformes

Myctophiformes is a small order of ray-finned fish. The order consists of two families, the lanternfishes (Myctophidae) and the blackchins or neoscopelids (Neoscopelidae).



McCormick &amp; Company

McCormick & Company is an American food company. It manufactures, markets, and distributes spices, seasoning mixes, condiments, and other flavoring products to retail outlets, food manufacturers, and foodservice businesses. It was founded in 1889. It is the largest producer of spices and related food products worldwide, based on revenue.

194 (number)

194 (one hundred [and] ninety-four) is the natural number greater than 193 and smaller than 195.

2023 AFC Asian Cup

2023 AFC Asian Cup was held in Qatar from 12 January to 10 February.

24 teams qualified, with Japan being the first team to qualify for the main stage. 

Each team participating in this tournament must register a squad consisting of a minimum of 18 players and a maximum of 23 players including three goalkeepers. In December 2023, the maximum number of the final party member list will be increased to 26 people.


Boykin family

The Boykin family are an American family. The family members hold varying degrees of power, wealth and status in various fields of works.

The Boykin family became known after founding Boykin, South Carolina in 1755.

The Boykin Spaniel - the South Carolina state dog - is named after them.


Newman's Own

Newman's Own is an American food company. It is headquartered in Connecticut. It was founded in 1982 by actor Paul Newman and author A. E. Hotchner. It donates all of its after-tax profits to charity through Newman's Own Foundation, a private nonprofit foundation that supports child-focused programs.

Hobbs family

The Hobbs family are an American family. The family members hold varying degrees of power, wealth and status in various fields of works.

The Hobbs family became known after building the railroads out of Chicago during the 1800s.


Kansas Day

Kansas Day is the day that the state of Kansas was admitted as a state to The United States of America. Kansas day is January 29. Before January 29, 1861 it was the Kansas Territory. It was the 34th state to be admitted to the union.

Shon Weissman

Shon Weissman ( 14 February 1996 in Haifa) is an Israeli football player. The striker plays for Granada C.F. in Spain and the Israel national football team.
Weissman began his career at Maccabi Haifa. In January 2014 he made his debut for the first team. For the 2015/16 season he was loaned to Hapoel Akko. After 18 games without scoring, the loan was ended early in January 2016. He was then loaned to Maccabi NetanjaIn. In August 2017 he was loaned to Hapoel Ironi Kirjat Shmona. In September 2017 he scored his first goal in Israels highest league. After the 2017/18 season he returned to Maccabi Haifa. He made 25 league appearances for the club in the 2018/19 season and scored eight goals.

For the 2019/20 seasonhe went to the Austrian Bundesliga. There he played for Wolfsberger AC. The Israeli scored four goals in the 5-0 home win against SV Mattersburg on matchday four. In this season he became top scorer of the Austrian Bundesliga with 30 goals. In Wolfsberg's first Europa League game, Weissman scored the first goal in Wolfsberg's club history in a European competition in a 4-0 win against Borussia Mönchengladbach. With the WAC he was able to qualify again for the group phase of the Europa League as third in the championship round.

2020 Weissman moved to Real Valladolid in the Spanish Primera División. He was loaned to Granada FC in 2023. In the summer of 2023 he was signed permanently there.
Weissmann played for different Youth national teams of Israel. He made his senior national team debut in September 2019 when he was in the starting line-up in the European Championship qualifier against Slovenia.

Joseph I, Holy Roman Emperor

Joseph I, (born July 26, 1678, Vienna, Austria—died April 17, 1711, Vienna), Holy Roman emperor from 1705, who unsuccessfully fought to retain the Spanish crown for the House of Habsburg. The eldest son of the emperor Leopold I, Joseph became king of Hungary in 1687 and king of the Romans, the imperial successor-designate, in 1690. When Charles II, the last Spanish Habsburg, died in 1700, Joseph supported the candidacy of his own younger brother Charles (the future emperor Charles VI) against the French king Louis XIV’s grandson Philip (later Philip V of Spain).

Rubus ellipticus

Rubus ellipticus, Golden evergreen raspberry or Golden Himalayan raspberry, commonly known as Ainselu, is an species of thorny fruiting shrub in the rose family. It is native to the Indian subcontinent, in the countries of Nepal, India, Sri Lanka and Pakistan. It is also found in southern China, Indochina and the Philippines.

The Burrow (short story)

"The Burrow" (""Der Bau"") is a short story by Franz Kafka written six months before his death.

The last sentence of the story, is "But all remained unchanged, the—". This sentence is at the end of a page, implying that Kafka had written more.

Before publishing, Max Brod changed the last sentence to "But all remained the same."

Plot: In the story a badger-like creature struggles (or has difficulties) to secure (or protect) the labyrinthine burrow he has dug out as a home.

DoD News Channel

DoD News Channel was a television channel. It broadcast military news and information for the 2.6 million members of the U.S. Armed Forces. It was founded in 2004 as The Pentagon Channel. The channel ceased operations on April 17, 2015. However, content will still be produced for the American Forces Network and the website Defense.gov.

NFL RedZone

NFL RedZone is an American sports television channel. It has been owned and operated by NFL Network since 2009. It broadcasts on Sundays during the NFL regular season from 1:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern, or when the last afternoon window game ends. It provides "whip around" simulcast coverage of all Sunday afternoon games airing in-progress on CBS and Fox.

Bloomberg Television

Bloomberg Television is an American-based pay television network. It focuses on business and capital market programming. It is owned by diversified information and media private company Bloomberg L.P. It was launched in 1994.

Hershey Creamery Company

Hershey Creamery Company is an American creamery. It produces ice cream, sorbet, sherbet, frozen yogurt, and other frozen desserts such as smoothies and frozen slab-style ice cream mixers. It was founded in 1894. It was one of the first to offer consumers pre-packaged ice cream pints.

Chobani

Chobani is an American food company. It specializes in strained yogurt. It was founded in 2005 by Hamdi Ulukaya, a Turkish Kurd businessman. It produces a variety of Greek yogurt products, oat drinks, and snacks. It is one of the main companies to popularize this style of yogurt in the US.

Fresh Beat Band of Spies

Fresh Beat Band of Spies is an animated children's television series that aired on Nickelodeon and the Nick Jr. Channel. It is a spin-off of Nickelodeon's live-action series The Fresh Beat Band. The series aired from June 15, 2015 to February 24, 2016.

Auntie Anne's

Auntie Anne's is an American franchised chain of pretzel shops. It was founded by Anne F. Beiler and her husband, Jonas, in 1988. It has 1,200 locations. It serves products such as pretzels, dips, and beverages. 

Jumex

Grupo Jumex is a brand of juice and nectar from Mexico. It is also popular among Hispanic consumers in the United States. It was founded on April 27, 1961. Its headquarters are in Ecatepec de Morelos, State of Mexico, in the Mexico City area.

Outlaw country

Outlaw country is a style of country portraying the character the song is describing as an outlaw, or someone who feels disconnected to the outside world.

Derek and David Bousquet

Derek Bousquet (born Derek D'Alton; 1946 or after) and his younger half-brother David Bousquet (born David D'Alton; 1946 or after), who both were known in the media as The Babes in the Woods prior to their identification, were Canadian children whose skeletal bodies were discovered in Stanley Park, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, on 14 January 1953 by Albert Tong, a gardener who unearthed the children's graves whilst clearing brush behind a bush. The coroner revealed that the children died via homicide by beating. They were beaten so hard, that at the time of their death they suffered from skull fractures. A hatchet (a type of axe) was one of several items found not far from the children's graves, along with what is believed to be their clothing and shoes. For more than 6 decades after the children's bodies were discovered, they remained unidentified. They were finally positively identified in June 2022, when their great-grand niece Ally split her DNA tube to find out more about her ancestors and family. Once they were identified, their family (or at least the new and current generation of their family) found out that Derek and David were never taken away by ministry because their mother was too poor in wealth to take care of them, but that they were murdered (beaten to death).

Derek D'Alton (later Bousquet) was born on in the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and his younger half-brother David was born on , to Eileen Bousquet (born died ), and a unknown father, whose surname was probably D'Alton. The children also had a elder sister named Diane (born died ). Eileen raised her children in the city of Vancouver. Eileen and her 3 children were born and raised in poverty, with Eileen failing often failing to pay rent to the landlord in the apartment they were living in, and having to change the apartments they lived in, mostly by escaping and running away from their apartment, before the landlord would come. Fortunately, by 1946, Eileen was eventually able to buy a house in Kitsilano, for her and her 3 children to reside in. The house was located on 1535 Artubus Street. Here, Derek and his elder sister Diane, were attended and enrolled in Henry Hudson Elementary School. It takes just about 6 minutes to walk from their house to the school. At some point in a later unspecified date, David and Derek's elder sister Diane told her mother Eileen that she did not see her younger brothers anywhere, anymore, and asked about their whereabouts. Their mother explained to her that they were simply "taken away by the ministry as she was too poor in wealth to take care of them". Diane wondered about the whereabouts of her brothers, almost all her life, after they were "taken away by the ministry". Eileen died on and her daughter Diane died on .

Cal-Maine

Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. is an American fresh egg producer. It was founded in 1969. It is based in Jackson, Mississippi. Its eggs are sold mostly in mid-Atlantic, midwestern, southeastern, and southwestern states. It is a public company trading on the NASDAQ.

N.W.A. and the Posse

N.W.A And The Posse (1987)

N.W.A. and the Posse is a 1987 Macola Records release that compiled various Dr. Dre-produced tracks and was marketed as an album by N.W.A. It includes previously released tracks by N.W.A, Eazy-E, the Fila Fresh Crew, and Rappinstine. The cover photo is the same as N.W.A's "Panic Zone" single and features people who do not appear on the record. The album peaked at #39 on Billboard magazine's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. On the album cover, their group name has a period at the end, while in later albums, it does not. N.W.A. and the Posse was re-released the same year by Ruthless Records, substituting another N.W.A song for the one by Rappinstine. The album was certified gold by the RIAA.
Tracklist:

1 Eazy-E - Boyz-N-The Hood

2 N.W.A - 8 Ball

3 Fila Fresh Crew - Dunk The Funk

4 N.W.A - A Bitch Iz A Bitch

5 Fila Fresh Crew - Drink It Up

6 N.W.A - Panic Zone

7 Eazy-E - L.A. Is The Place (feat. Ron De Vu)

8 N.W.A - Dope Man

9 Fila Fresh Crew - Tuffest Man Alive

10 Eazy-E - Fat Girl (feat. Ron De Vu)

11 Fila Fresh Crew - 3 The Hard Way (feat. Dr. Rock & Fresh K)

Jáhfeeil

Elder Manley (Born May 19, 1967) professionally known as Jahfeeil is an American singer and songwriter based in Houston. He is also the founder of Immanley Entertainment group.

Manley was born in Los Angeles and later moved to Houston. He got his early education from Phillis Wheatley High School. He formed '2B Continued' band in 1987. Manley's single "Honey Cotton Candy" was credited as one of the Hottest Hits of 2022 by "24Hip-Hop".

Singles



Korochansky District

Korochansky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. As of the 2021 Census, the total population of the district was 35,883. The area of the district is .

2024 Korochansky Ilyushin Il-76 crash

On 24 January 2024, at around 11:15 MSK, a Russian Air Force Ilyushin Il-76 military transport plane crashed near the Ukrainian border in Russia's Korochansky district in Belgorod Oblast, killing everyone on board. Russia said that the plane was shot down while carrying 65 Ukrainian prisoners of war captured during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. They also said that the prisoners of war were to be exchanged in a swap.

ACC Network

ACC Network is an American multinational subscription-television channel. It is owned and operated by ESPN Inc. It is dedicated to coverage of the Atlantic Coast Conference. It was announced in July 2016 and launched on August 22, 2019. It operates from ESPN's headquarters in Bristol, Connecticut, though some programming and staff is in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Jean Petit (footballer, born 1949)

Jean Petit (25 September 1949 – 23 January 2024) was a French football midfielder. He was a member of the France team in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 

Petit died on 23 January 2024, at the age of 74.

Audience (TV network)

Audience was an American pay television channel. It was owned by AT&T. It featured a mix of original and acquired series, specials, and feature films. It was originally exclusive to DirecTV, though it was also added to AT&T U-verse after AT&T's 2015 acquisition of DirecTV. It was launched in 1999. The channel ceased operations on May 22, 2020.

David Kahn

David Kahn (February 2, 1930 – January 23, 2024) was an American historian, journalist, and writer. He wrote about the history of cryptography and military intelligence. Kahn's first published book, "The Codebreakers - The Story of Secret Writing" (1967) has been seen as very important for the history of cryptography.

Anatoli Polivoda

Anatoliy Ivanovych Polyvoda (; 29 May 1947 – 22 January 2024) was a Ukrainian basketball player. He played for the Budivelnyk of Kiev and the Soviet Union.

Polyvoda played in the Soviet team at the 1968 Olympic Games in which he won a bronze medal. He also played at the 1972 Olympic Games where he won a gold medal.

Polyvoda died on 22 January 2024, at the age of 76. 

Elke Erb

Elke Erb (18 February 1938 – 22 January 2024) was a German writer and poet. She also worked as a literary editor and translator.

Erb died on 22 January 2024, at the age of 85.

Klaus Wunder

Klaus Wunder (13 September 1950 – 16 January 2024) was a German professional footballer who played as a striker. He earned one cap for the Germany national team and also represented West Germany at the 1972 Summer Olympics. 

Wunder died on 16 January 2024, at the age of 73.

Mokhtar Hasni

Mokhtar Hasni (19 March 1952 – 21 January 2024) was a Tunisian football forward. He played for the Tunisia national team in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 

Hasni died on 21 January 2024, at the age of 71.

Milan Nenadić

Milan Nenadić (12 August 1943 – 16 January 2024) was a Serbian middleweight Greco-Roman wrestler. Nenadić competed in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1972.

Nenadić died on 16 January 2024, at the age of 80.

Peter Schickele

Johann Peter Schickele (; July 17, 1935 – January 16, 2024) was an American composer, musical educator and parodist. He was best known for comedy albums featuring his music. His music would say they were composed by P. D. Q. Bach. He also hosted a long-running weekly radio program called "Schickele Mix".

From 1990 to 1993, Schickele's P. D. Q. Bach recordings earned him four consecutive wins for the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.

Schickele died at his home in Bearsville, New York, on January 16, 2024, at the age of 88.

David Emge

David Michael Emge (September 9, 1946 – January 20, 2024) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Stephen "Flyboy" Andrews in George A. Romero's horror movie "Dawn of the Dead".

Emge died in Evansville, Indiana on January 20, 2024, at the age of 77.

Piedad Córdoba

Piedad Esneda Córdoba Ruiz (25 January 1955 – 20 January 2024) was a Colombian lawyer and politician. She was a senator from 1994 to 2010. She was a Liberal Party politician. She also was a member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia for Antioquia from 1992 to 1994.

In 2017, Córdoba officially announced her plans to run for President of Colombia in 2018.

She was controversially nominated for the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize.

Córdoba died from a heart attack on 20 January 2024 in Medellín, Colombia at the age of 68.

Marlena Shaw

Marlena Shaw (born Marlina Burgess, September 22, 1942 – January 19, 2024) was an American jazz, R&B, blues, and soul singer. 

Shaw died on January 19, 2024, at the age of 81.

Ewa Podleś

Ewa Maria Podleś (; 26 April 1952 – 19 January 2024) was a Polish coloratura contralto singer. She was known for her voice and a vocal range. She was known for roles as Rosina in "Il barbiere di Siviglia", the title role of "La Cenerentola", Isabella in "L'italiana in Algeri" and the title role of "Tancredi". 

Podleś died from lung cancer at a hospice facility in Warsaw, Poland on 19 January 2024, at the age of 71.

Lance Larson

Lance Melvin Larson (July 3, 1940 – January 19, 2024) was an American competition swimmer. He won a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the same event.

Larson died on January 19, 2024 in Orange, California at the age of 83.

Josef Haas

Josef Haas (3 August 1937 – 18 January 2024) was a Swiss cross-country skier. He competed in the late 1960s. He won the 50 km bronze at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble. Haas was the first Swiss to earn a cross-country skiing Olympic medal. 

Haas died on 18 January 2024 at the age of 86.

Giovanni Giudici (bishop)

Giovanni Giudici (6 March 1940 – 18 January 2024) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate and Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pavia from 2015 until his death. Giudici was the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milan from 1990 to 2003. On 1 December 2003, Pope John Paul II appointed Giudici as Bishop of Pavia, a position he held until his retirement in 2015.

Giudici died on 18 January 2024, at the age of 83.

Bennie Muller

Bennie Muller (14 August 1938 – 17 January 2024) was a Dutch professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for the Netherlands national team from 1960 to 1968.

Muller died on 17 January 2024, at the age of 85.

Jacobsen

Jacobsen can be




Dejan Milojević

Dejan Milojević (; 15 April 1977 – 17 January 2024) was a Serbian professional basketball player and coach. He was an assistant coach for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

In December 2019, Milojević was named an assistant coach for the Serbia national team under Igor Kokoškov. In September 2021, he left the national team as the assistant coach.

On 16 January 2024, Milojević was hospitalised after suffering a heart attack at a Salt Lake City restaurant. He died the following day, on 17 January, at the age of 46.

Knut Hjeltnes (athlete)

Knut Hjeltnes (8 December 1951 – 17 January 2024) was a Norwegian college coach and track and field athlete. He competed in four Olympic events, coming in 4th and 7th place. He competed in the 1976, 1980, 1984 and the 1988.

Hjeltnes died on 17 January 2024, at the age of 72.

Shawnacy Barber

Shawnacy Campbell Barber (27 May 1994 – 17 January 2024) was a Canadian track and field athlete. Barber was a Pan American Games champion, winning the 2015 edition of the Games with a height of 5.80 m. Barber won a bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as well.

On 17 January 2024, Barber died at his home in the Kingwood community of Houston, Texas, from problems caused by a medical condition, aged 29.

Ølst

Ølst is a town in Randers municipality, Denmark.

A slow-moving landslide (map) was discovered in December 2023; The prime minister of Denmark came (late-January 2024) to look at the problem.

Geography: The town is on the Jutland peninsula.

Flowers Foods

Flowers Foods is a producer and marketer of packed bakery food. It is headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia. It operates 47 bakeries producing bread, buns, rolls, snack cakes, pastries, and tortillas. It is the second-largest baking company in the United States. It was founded in 1919.

Lord of Ireland

Monarchical systems of government have existed in Ireland from ancient times. In most of Ireland, this continued until 1949, when it transitioned to being the Republic of Ireland. Northern Ireland, as part of the United Kingdom, remains under a monarchical system 



Babiy Oleh Ivanovych

 Oleh Ivanovich Babiy (October 22, 1990, Milovice, Nymburk, Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic —  August 30, 2023, Russia) — was an officer of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a participant of the Russian-Ukrainian war. Hero of Ukraine with the posthumous award of the Order of the Golden Star.

He was born on October 22, 1990 in Milovice, Czech Republic. In 2011, he graduated from the Hetman Petro Sahaidachnyi Army Academy.

He has been participating in the Russian-Ukrainian war since 2014. From the first days of the full-scale invasion, he organized and carried out special operations in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and in Russia, for which he was repeatedly awarded.

As of February 2017, he held the position of commander of a patrol platoon in the vehicles of the 1st Patrol Battalion of the 45th Regiment of Operational Purpose of the NGU.

With the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine, he continued to perform combat missions, with nine successful reconnaissance missions behind enemy lines, twelve special events to organize and support the resistance movement in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and behind enemy lines. Thanks to the successful completion of the missions, Colonel Babiy's group managed to disorganize the logistics of the occupation forces, destroy its important facilities and elements of critical infrastructure.

Babiy last operation was the destruction of three Russian TU-22M3 bombers at the Soltsi airfield in the Novgorod region, which in fact completely destabilized the operation of airfields and long-range aviation bases and reduced the Russian Federation's ability to launch missile strikes with Kh-22 missiles against Ukraine. In the course of the task, on August 30, 2023, the intelligence group headed by Babiy engaged in a battle with special agents of the FSB of Russia . While covering the retreat of his comrades, Babiy was mortally wounded. For his heroic deeds, he was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine with the posthumous award of the Order of the Golden Star.

Babiy is survived by his wife and two small children, the youngest daughter was only one year old at the time of her father's death.

On July 15, 2014, by the Decree of the President of Ukraine No. 593/2014, he was awarded the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, III degree, for personal courage and heroism in the defense of state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, loyalty to the military oath during the Russian armed aggression against Ukraine.


On January 22, 2023, on the Day of Unity of Ukraine, a memorial plaque in his honor was unveiled on the facade of school No. 49 in Lviv, where Oleh Babiy studied.


Pulhwasal-3-31

The Pulhwasal-3-31 is a strategic cruise missile used by the , the military of North Korea. The missile was first tested on 24 January 2024.

All My Rowdy Friends (Have Settled Down)

"All My Rowdy Friends (Have Settled Down)" is a 1981 song by Hank Williams Jr. and is the leading single from his 33rd studio album "The Pressure Is On". It topped the country singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

Philautus davidlabangi

David Labang's bush frog ("Philautus davidlabangi") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia in the Cardamon Mountains. People have seen it 859 meters above sea level in one place and between 165 and 330 meters above sea level in other places.

The adult male frog is 20-21 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has longer legs and more webbed skin than other frogs in "Philautus".

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out, but human beings are cutting down its forests.

Everton Stadium

Everton Stadium is a football stadium under construction. It is located in Vauxhall, Liverpool and will serves as the home for the Everton F.C. once it is completed.

In 2006, there were talks to build a new stadium in Kirkby. The plan received 59% favourable approval by fans in a ballot held by the team. The proposal would be rejected by the central government.

In 2018, the Bramley-Moore Dock was approved for the site of the new stadium. UNESCO was very unhappy with this and stripped Liverpool of its World Heritage Sites because of the decision.

They first started to build the stadium on 10 August 2021. The stadium will have a seating capacity of 52,888.

It is expected to open in 2025.

Newfoundland Growlers

The Newfoundland Growlers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2018. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador at the Mary Brown's Centre. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On March 13, 2018, the new ECHL team was approved by the ECHL and would be owned by the same owners of the St. John's Edge of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL Canada). The approval was delayed at first because of a dispute over arena rights.

On June 14, 2018, an affiliation between the Growlers and the Toronto Maple Leafs was announced.

On October 12, 2018, the team would play their first game as the Newfoundland Growlers. They would defeat the Florida Everblades 3–2 in front of a soldout arena.

The team would be successful in their first season in the league. They would lead the North Division. They finished with 43 wins, 21 losses, and 94 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would end up winning the Kelly Cup after they defeated the Toledo Walleye four games to two. The Growlers were also successful in the 2022–23 season, again topping the North Division. They finished with 48 wins, 22 losses, and 98 points. They would make it to the Eastern Conference finals but would be defeated by the eventual champion Florida Everblades four games to two.

Wyatt Russell

Wyatt Russell (born July 10, 1986, Los Angeles, California, U.S.) is an American actor and former ice hockey player. He portrayed Corporal Lewis Ford in Julius Avery's 2018 horror film "Overlord", Dud in AMC's "Lodge 49" and John Walker / U.S. Agent in the Marvel Cinematic Universe Disney+ series "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021).

In 2022, Russell took on the role of real-life murderer Dan Lafferty in the FX miniseries "Under the Banner of Heaven". In July 2022, he joined his father in Apple TV+ and Legendary Television's "Godzilla" series, "Monarch: Legacy of Monsters" which is set in the world of Legendary's "MonsterVerse" franchise.


British Post Office scandal

The British Post Office scandal is a series of miscarriages of justice which, between 1999 and 2015, saw over 900 subpostmasters prosecuted for theft, false accounting, and fraud for shortfalls at their branches.

In fact the postmasters were "entirely innocent". The shortfalls were due to errors in the Post Office's Horizon accounting software. The Horizon accounting system was developed by ICL Pathway, owned by the Japanese company Fujitsu. 

In 1999, the Post Office started to roll out the new software to its branches and sub-post offices, the latter managed by subpostmasters on a self-employed basis under contracts with the Post Office. The contract to create the system for the Post Office and the Benefits Agency was awarded in May 1996 to ICL Pathway Limited, a subsidiary created for the purpose in 1995 by British computer company ICL, which was itself majority-owned by Fujitsu of Japan. 

983 people were convicted in court; 236 got a prison sentence; In 2015, further (or more) prosecution was stopped.



Johnathon Schaech

Johnathon Schaech ( ; born September 10, 1969) is an American actor and screenwriter. He has been working as an actor since the early 1990s. In 1993, Schaech played the lead role in Franco Zeffirelli's period drama "Sparrow" (). Schaech then played drifter Xavier Red in the Gregg Araki film "The Doom Generation". 

In 1995, Schaech's character Leon romanced Winona Ryder's character Finn in "How to Make an American Quilt" which received a nomination for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. In 1996, Schaech played the ambitious but self-absorbed lead singer of The Wonders in Tom Hanks' "That Thing You Do!" Schaech next starred opposite Jessica Lange and Gwyneth Paltrow in the 1998 thriller "Hush", which "promptly bombed".


Ronit Roy

Ronit Bose Roy (born 11 October 1965) is an Indian actor, known for his works primarily in Hindi television and films, alongside a few Bengali, Tamil and Telugu cinema. Roy has earned numerous accolades in his career including a Filmfare Award, two Screen Awards, five ITA Awards, and six Indian Telly Awards.

In 2013, he played the main antagonist in the Akshay Kumar starrer "BOSS," and in 2014 he appeared in "2 States" in which his performance received much appreciation. In 2017, he has also shared screen with the Hrithik Roshan playing the role of an antagonist in the thriller film "Kaabil". In the same year, he made his debut in Telugu with N.T.R Jr. starrer "Jai Lava Kusa", where he played the role of main antagonist "Sarkar."

Roy was married to a woman named Joanna and they have a daughter named Ona.

On 25 December 2003, he married actress and model Neelam Singh, with whom he has a daughter Aador (born May 2005), and a son Agastya (born October 2007).

Pro Kabaddi League

Pro Kabaddi League or abbreviated to PKL is an Indian men's professional Kabaddi league. It was launched in 2014 and is broadcast on Star Sports. It is the most popular kabaddi league in the world. It is also the second most watched sports league in India after the Indian Premier League (IPL).

Naïve Records

Naïve Records is a French independent record label based in Paris, specializing in classical music.


Norfolk Admirals (ECHL)

The Norfolk Admirals are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Norfolk, Virginia at the Norfolk Scope. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Bakersfield, California as the Bakersfield Condors from 1995 to 2015. On January 30, 2015, it was announced that the Edmonton Oilers had purchased the Bakersfield Condors and would be moving the team to Norfolk, Virginia to become the Norfolk Admirals. The day before, the Anaheim Ducks announced that they were moving the AHL version of the Norfolk Admirals to San Diego, California to become the San Diego Gulls.

On October 16, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Norfolk Admirals. They would be defeated by the Wheeling Nailers 3–0.

On August 25, 2023, the Admirals and the Winnipeg Jets announced their affiliation. The Admirals were previously affiliates with the Edmonton Oilers, Nashville Predators, and Carolina Hurricanes.

Carmen, Agusan del Norte

Carmen is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 23,172 people lived here.

Jabonga

Jabonga is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 3020 census, 24,855 people lived here.

Kitcharao

Kitcharao is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 21,278 people lived here.

96th Academy Awards

The 96th Academy Awards was an award ceremony presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honoring the best movies of 2023. The event took place at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, on March 10, 2024. The ceremony was hosted by comedian Jimmy Kimmel for the fourth time. The producers of the ceremony were Raj Kapoor, Molly McNearney, and Katy Mullan. The director was Hamish Hamilton. It was televised in the United States by ABC.

"Oppenheimer" won seven awards in total, including Best Picture, followed by "Poor Things" and "The Zone of Interest" with four and two respectively.

The nominations were announced on January 23, 2024. "Oppenheimer" led with thirteen nominations, followed by "Poor Things" and "Killers of the Flower Moon" with eleven and ten nominations respectively. "Barbenheimer" received a total of twenty-one nominations, eight for "Barbie" and thirteen for "Oppenheimer". The acting nominees featured a record number of LGBTQ+ characters.

Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger (‡). 

The 14th annual Governors Awards ceremony took place on January 9, 2024, hosted by John Mulaney. Honorary Awards were presented to Angela Bassett, Mel Brooks, Carol Littleton, and the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award to Michelle Satter.

Producers Raj Kapoor and Katy Mullan were announced on October 17, 2023, with Hamish Hamilton as the director. On November 15, Jimmy Kimmel was announced as host, marking his fourth overall hosting role for the ceremony. On November 30, 2023, ABC and the Academy announced a change in the ceremony's start time to 4:00 p.m. PT (7:00 p.m. ET).

This will be the first year that diversity rules for the Best Picture category become mandatory. Established under the Academy Aperture 2025 initiative, these rules aim to promote inclusive representation and employment in the film industry.

The snubbing of Greta Gerwig and Margot Robbie from getting respective Academy Award nominations for Best Director and Best Actress for "Barbie" received criticism. Cast members expressed their reactions, and actor Ryan Gosling released a statement in response, emphasizing the significant contributions of Gerwig and Robbie to the movie's success.

Las Nieves

Las Nieves is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 30,240 people lived here.

Magallanes

Magallanes is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 22,293 people lived here.

Nasipit

Nasipit is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 44,822 peiple lived here.

Guido Burgstaller

Guido Burgstaller (29 April 1989 in Villach) is an Austrian football player. The forward plays for SK Rapid Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Burgstaller started playing football in 1996 at ASKÖ Gmünd. 2003 he joined the youth department of FC Kärnten. He went through all youth selections until 2007 . In this year he got a professional contract. In his last year in the U-19, he played also in the first or second team . On 23 March 2007 he played his first game for the FC Kärnten amateur team. He played his first professional game on 6 April 2007. Due to financial problems and a weak sporting season for FC Kärnten, Burgstaller moved to SC Wiener Neustadt. There he became a top performer. For the 2011/12 season he moved to SK Rapid Wien.

Second division club Cardiff City signed him for the 2014/15 Football League Championship season. Burgstaller was unable to play regulary. Burgstaller joined the German second division club 1. FC Nürnberg on a free transfer. In the 2016/17 season he scored 14 goals in 16 games. This brought him into the focus of higher-class clubs. During the 2016/17 winter break, Burgstaller moved to FC Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga. For the 2020/21 season, the Austrian was sorted out by then head coach David Wagner. He then left Schalke in September 2020 after 119 matches and moved to the second division club FC St. Pauli.

After two years in Hamburg, Burgstaller returned to Rapid Wien. In his first season after his return, he became the top scorer in the Bundesliga with 21 goals in 31 appearances. 
Burgstaller played for the youth teams of Austria from U16 to U21. He made his national team debut on 29 February 2012 in a friendly against Finland. Four years after his resignation from the team, he was called back into the national team under Ralf Rangnick in October 2023.

Neoscopelidae

The Neoscopelidae (blackchins or neoscopelids) are a small family of deep-sea fish closely related to the lanternfish.

Neoscopelids look a lot like lanternfish. The anal fin is inserted further back than the dorsal fin and only a few species have photophores.

You'll find blackchins throughout most of the seas and oceans. However, they cannot be found in the Mediterranean Sea.



Gabanellia

Gabanellia is an extinct genus of Triassic fish. It is the only genus in its family, Gabanellidae.

"Gabanellia" has a slender body with a large, symmetrical tail with 12 epaxial rays. The big mouth has a powerful dentition. The scales are arranged in 95 transversal rows.

The biggest teeth are anteriorly placed and there are only one or two small teeth in between.


Charlotte (cake)

The Charlotte cake is a well-known cake in Russia. It consists of apples with crumbles on top.

One recipe is: 

Apple Sharlotka

Adapted from Alex’s mother, who adapted it from her mother, and so on…

Butter or nonstick spray, for greasing pan

6 large, tart apples, such as Granny Smiths

3 large eggs

1 cup (200 grams) granulated sugar

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

1 cup (125 grams) all-purpose flour

Ground cinnamon, to finish

Powdered sugar, also to finish

Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan with parchment paper. Butter the paper and the sides of the pan. Peel, halve and core your apples, then chop them into medium-sized chunks. (I cut each half into four “strips” then sliced them fairly thinly — about 1/4-inch — in the other direction.) Pile the cut apples directly in the prepared pan. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using an electric mixer or whisk, beat eggs with sugar until thick and ribbons form on the surface of the beaten eggs. Beat in vanilla, then stir in flour with a spoon until just combined. The batter will be very thick.

Pour over apples in pan, using a spoon or spatula to spread the batter so that it covers all exposed apples. (Updated to clarify: Spread the batter "and" press it down into the apple pile. The top of the batter should end up level with the top of the apples.) Bake in preheated oven for 55 to 60 minutes, or until a tester comes out free of batter. Cool in pan for 10 minutes on rack, then flip out onto another rack, peel off the parchment paper, and flip it back onto a serving platter. Dust lightly with ground cinnamon.

Serve warm or cooled, dusted with powdered sugar. Alex’s family eats it plain, but imagine it would be delicious with a dollop of barely sweetened whipped or sour cream.

Fistularioides

Fistularioides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. It usually didn't exceed 25 centimeters in length. "Fistularioides" belongs to the syngnathiforms.

"Fistularioides" was an unusual fish with a slender and thin body. Its tubular body was shaped like a whip. The head was narrow and long, with small eyes and an extremely long snout. It also had a small mouth. It had a forked caudal fin.


"Fistularioides" has been assigned to the family Fistularioididae, along with its fellow genus, "Pseudosyngnathus".


Allomorone

Allomorone is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish which has not been assigned to any class. Little is known about this fish.

"Allomorone" includes the following species:




Asialepidotus

Asialepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Middle Triassic epoch.


Allothrissops

Allothrissops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish belonging to the Ichthyodectiformes.

"Allothrissops" has an elongated body, a deeply forked tail with a lower lobe slightly longer than the upper one, a short skull and short jaws.



Leonard

Leonard can be












Horacio Alcala

Horacio Gómez Alcalá (Guadalajara, Mexico, 1978) is a Mexican film director, screenwriter and filmmaker. Horacio Alcalá is a polyglot, possessing a cosmopolitanism forged in stories of survival, urgent explorations and reflections that probe the experience of being alive. He has lived in Berlin, Strasbourg, Montreal, Antwerp, Belgrade, Edinburgh and currently in Madrid. After this world tour, he packed his bags for 7 years to develop in all European capitals with the legendary Cirque du Soleil.

Graduated in Film Studies at the Université Marc Bloch Strasbourg II, graduated in Film at the European University Center for Cinema and Human Rights and the École Supérieure D'Art Dramatique in Strasbourg. He began his career at the age of 8 as an actor and at 14 he went on tour with the opera La Bohéme. However, what really interests him is the work behind the scenes.

He worked for 5 years at TELEVISA before moving to Europe. In 2006, he shot his first short film "Le Fil" as a director in France while studying at the Ecole Supérieure d'Art Dramatique in Strasbourg. That same year, he joined the production ranks of Cirque du Soleil where he worked on several shows such as "Alegria", "Quidam" and "Corteo" where he worked while filming "Grazing The Sky", a documentary that toured international screens.

In 2013 Horacio settled in Madrid working as a director in different artistic projects, focusing on visual arts and scenic narrative. He has made documentaries such as "A nosotros tu Reino" and "Hasta el Alba" with for the Spanish National Dance Company. In 2021 she premieres "Finlandia", her first fiction film on the theme of the third gender in Oaxaca and cultural appropriation.

He is currently developing documentary projects for the European Union and the United Nations through the Cross Border Cooperation projects, TESIM, INTERREG and Interact, and is developing the documentary Paso de Luz in collaboration with the National Ballet of Cuba. His projects are inspired by the literary and pictorial movement of magic realism, where nature, the culture of different countries and the unusual play an important role. He looks for and creates characters that not only entertain but also bring something to the viewer, be it a lesson or a value. He attaches importance to narrative through aesthetics. In his gaze and his irreverent vision, emotion, exorcisms and redemption appear, of the child he was, the man he wanted to be, of hybridisation, miscegenation and the fusion of gender and genres in a world on the edge of the precipice, which survives itself.





Horacio Alcalá has participated in the following Film Festivals:


Neoscopelus macrolepidotus

"Neoscopelus macrolepidotus," the large-scaled lanternfish, is a species of bathypelagic fish in the family Neoscopelidae. The presence of photophores further classify the species into the genus "Neoscopelus".

"Neoscopelus macrolepidotus" has a dark gray ventral surface, a greyish-silver head, pinkish-red fins, and rows of photophores along the ventral portion of the body and along the sides of the tongue.

As mentioned before, "Neoscopelus macrolepidotus" contains photophores to produce bioluminescence. When it does this, you can see it "glowing". These bioluminescent structures were first found on the surface of the body. 


Karolina Shiino

Karolina Shiino is a Japanese model that was born in Ukraine. She won the beauty pageant, Miss Nippon Grand Prix in 2024.

J&amp;J Snack Foods

J&J Snack Foods is an American manufacturer, marketer, and distributor of name brand snack foods and frozen beverages. It is headquartered in Pennsauken, NJ. Its products includes soft pretzels, frozen beverages, frozen juice treats and desserts, stuffed sandwiches, burritos, churros, fruit pies, funnel cakes, cookies, and bakery goods, and other snack foods and drinks. It was founded in 1971.

MHz Networks

MHz Networks is an American broadcaster. It specializes in international television programming. It began as a project of the Commonwealth Public Broadcasting Corporation. It was founded in 2001. In November 2022, it was acquired by Kino Lorber.

Scripps News

Scripps News is an American news channel. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. It is owned by the Scripps Networks division of the E. W. Scripps Company. It was launched in 2008 as Newsy. 

New England Cable News

New England Cable News is a regional 24-hour cable news television network. It is owned and operated by NBCUniversal serving the New England region of the United States. It was launched in 1992. It focuses on regional news, though in some low priority timeslots, paid programming and programming from WNBC such as Talk Stoop and Open House are seen.

Kamo no Chōmei

Kamo no Chōmei (鴨 長明, 1153 or 1155-1216) was a Japanese author, poet (in the waka form), and writer. He saw a series of natural and social disasters, and, having lost his political backing, was passed over for promotion within the Shinto shrine connected with his family.

He decided to turn his back on society, took Buddhist vows, and became a hermit, living outside the capital. This was somewhat unusual for the time, when those who turned their backs on the world usually joined monasteries. Along with the poet-priest Saigyō he is representative of the literary recluses of his time, and his celebrated essay "Hōjōki" ("An Account of a Ten-Foot-Square Hut") is representative of the genre known as "recluse literature" ("sōan bungaku").

Mervyn's

Mervyn's was an American middle-scale department store chain. It was based in Hayward, California. It was founded in 1949. . On October 17, 2008, the company announced that it would liquidate its assets through a Chapter 7 filing. All remaining locations were closed by the end of 2008. 

Václav

Václav is a given name.


Rodney Lister

Rodney Lister is an American composer, educator, and pianist. He currently lives in Somerville, Massachusetts.

Rodney grew up in Nashville, where he was a student at Blair Academy and studied piano with Enid Katahn. He was a student at The New England Conservatory (Bachelor of Music Degree, with honors, 1973), where he studied composition with Malcolm Peyton and piano with Robert Helps, David Hagan, and Irma Wolpe. He was a Bernstein Fellow at The Tanglewood Music Centre in 1973, where he worked with Donald Martino, Lesley Bassett, Gyorgy Ligeti, and Peter Maxwell Davies. After living in London, where he studied privately with Peter Maxwell Davies, he attended Brandeis University (Master of Fine Arts Degree, 1977), studying with Arthur Berger and Harold Shapero. Later he returned to Brandeis and received a Doctorate Degree in 2000. He also studied with Davies at the Dartington Hall Summer School of Music (1975,1978, 1980-1982). He also studied privately with Virgil Thomson.

Rodney is on the composition faculty of the Boston University School of Music, and is the director of Time's Arrow, the School's New Music Ensemble. He also teaches at the Preparatory School of The New England Conservatory, where he is the chairman of the composition department and the director of the school's annual festival of contemporary music. He is also on the faculty of Greenwood Music Camp, where he is composer in residence.

He has received commission and fellowships from The Fire of London, College New Music, The Fromm Foundation, The Tanglewood Music Center, The Koussevitzky Foundation at the Library of Congress, The Master Singer, Greenwood Music Camp, The MacDowell Colony, The Virginia Center of the Creative Arts, among others, and his works have been performed by Phyllis Curtin, Joel Smirnoff, Jane Manning the Ciara Quartet, the Blair Quartet, Rebecca Fischer, Jonah Sirota, Lucas Button, Norman Fischer, John Hollander, and Tammy Grimes among others.

He has Written about the music of Arthur Berger, Virgil Thomson, and Peter Maxwell Davies, as well as numerous reviews in publications such as Tempo, American Music, and Sequenza 21.

Some of his former Students include: Jay Rauch, Aaron Michael, Stephen Feigenbaum, Finn Mattingly, Alex Rinn, Samuel Beebe, William Hawkins, Ben Yee-Paulson, Forrest Eimold, Lara Poe, among others. 

• Somewhere To Get To (1996)

• The Harvest According (2004)

• Songs to Harvest (2006)

• Friendly Fire (2012)

• Complicated Grief (2014)

• Squares and Oblongs (2015)

• Only Living (2017) 

• The Four Seasons (2023)

• "Faith Based Initiatives": Music by Rodney Lister, Charles Blandy (tenor), Jonah Sirota (viola), Chiara Quartet, Collage New Music, David Hoose (conductor). Metier CD. July 2022.

• "Expanding Spaces": Boston University Wind Ensemble, David J. Martins, Conductor. Summit Records #738, Feb. 2019.

• "A Christmas Album": Music by Rodney Lister, Charles Ives, Virgil Thomson, Conrad Susa and Carlisle Floyd. Performed by The Choir of the Church of Advent, The Harvard Glee Club and others. Arsis Audio CD #117.

• "Somewhere to Get To": Music of Rodney Lister. Arsis Audio CD #144.

• "American Music for Piano Four Hands": Music of Arthur Berger, Harold Shapero and Virgil Thomson, with Rodney Lister, David Kopp, pianist. New World Records #80536-2.

• Liner Notes for a recording by Craig Rutenberg of Portraits for Piano and other works by Virgil Thomson, 2016.

• Liner Notes for The Complete Songs of Virgil Thomson, New World Records.

• "BBC Proms 2013: Gerald Barry, Peter Eötvös, Nishat Kahn, Frederic Rzewski and Mark Anthony Turnage." Tempo, Vol. 68, No. 267 (January 2014), PP. 55-57.

• "CORRIGENDUM: Marc Blitzstein: His Life, His Work, His World." Tempo, Vol. 68, No0 267 (January 2014), p. 69.

• "Boston: John Harbison's Sixth Symphony." Tempo, Vol. 66, No. 260 (April 2012), p. 62.

• "New York, Gotham Chamber Opera: Nico Muhly's Dark Sisters'." Tempo, Vol.66, No.260 (April 2012), pp. 5-56.

• "Boston, Mass.: new concertos by Schuller and Birthwistle." Tempo, vol. 65, No. 257 (July 2011), pp. 69-70.

• "London, BBC Proms 2009: Glass, Andriessen, Vivier." Tempo, Vol. 64, No. 251 (January 2010), pp. 39-41.

• "Another Completely Interesting Opera" Part I Tempo, Vol. 64, No. 254 (Octuber 2010), ○ Part II Tempo, Vol. 65, No. 256 (April 2011). 

• Boston: Elliott Carter Celebrations." Tempo, Vol. 63, No. 248 (April 2019), pp.48-50.

• "Proms 2008 (3): Carter, Hillborg, Messiaen, Chen Yi, Inspire." Tempo, Vol. 63, No. 247 (January 2009), pp. 51-54.

• "Boston: William Bolcom's Eighth Symphony." Tempo, Vol. 62, No. 245 (July 2008), pp.56-57.

• "Boston: Elliott Carter's Horn Concerto." Tempo, Vol. 62, No. 244 (April 2008), p. 33

The Asylum

The Asylum is an American independent film and television distribution company, that focuses low-budget mockbuster direct-to-video films. Founded in 1997, it is notorious from producing titles and scripts, similar of these popular films, and is known for the "Sharknado" film series. 


List of The Asylum movies

Below is the list of films created by the American film studio The Asylum. 

Gamma ray

A gamma ray, also known as gamma radiation (symbol γ), is a penetrating form of electromagnetic radiation.

It comes from the radioactive decay of atomic nuclei. Gamma rays have the shortest wavelength electromagnetic waves. Paul Villard, a French chemist and physicist, discovered gamma radiation in 1900 while studying radiation emitted by radium. 

In 1903, Ernest Rutherford called this radiation "gamma rays" because they strongly penetrated matter. In 1900 he had already named two less penetrating types of decay radiation (discovered by Henri Becquerel): alpha rays and beta rays in the order of penetrating power. Gamma rays penetrated matter even more strongly.

Gamma rays are ionizing radiation and are hazardous to life. They can damage bone marrow and internal organs. Unlike alpha and beta rays, they easily pass through the body and so they are a formidable radiation protection challenge. They need shielding made from lead or concrete. On Earth, the magnetosphere protects life from most types of lethal cosmic radiation other than gamma rays.

Legitimists

French Legitimist claimant descends from Jaime while the present king of Spain descends from his younger brother Don
Louis XVI of France 1792–1793

Louis-Charles, Dauphin of France 1793–1795

Louis XVIII 1795–1824

Charles X 1824–1836

Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême 1836–1844

Henri, Count of Chambord 1844–1883

Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1883–1887

Infante Carlos, Duke of Madrid 1887–1909

Infante Jaime, Duke of Madrid 1909–1931

Infante Alfonso Carlos, Duke of San Jaime 1931–1936

Alfonso XIII of Spain 1936–1941

Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia 1941–1975

Prince Alphonse, Duke of Anjou and Cádiz 1975–1989

Prince Louis, Duke of Anjou 1989–present

Utz Brands

Utz Brands is an American snack food company. It is based in Hanover, Pennsylvania. produces a variety of potato chips, pretzels, and other snacks, with most products sold under their family of brands. It was founded in 1921. It is also a snack supplier to warehouse clubs and merchandisers.

Family Ties (song)

"Family Ties" (wrote in all lowercase) is a song by American rappers Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar. The song was released on August 27, 2021, by Columbia Records and PGLang. The song was the fourth single from Keem's first album, "The Melodic Blue". The song was also Lamar’s first song under PGLang, a production company he co-founded in March 2020.

"Family Ties" was Lamar's first single and new music since "Pray for Me" with Canadian singer The Weeknd, released in 2018. The song also was the first official collaboration between Keem and Lamar, who are real-life cousins, as well as the single’s cover art putting them in a family portrait, which pays homage to the album cover of Lamar's 2012 album "good kid, m.A.A.d city". The music video has a cameo from singer Normani and won the 2022 BET Award for Video of the Year.

The song was given two nominations at the 2022 Grammy Awards for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance, winning Best Rap Performance. It also was given two nominations for Song of the Year and Video of the Year at the 2022 XXL Awards.

The song's music video was directed by Dave Free, and has a cameo from singer Normani, alongside Baby Keem, and Lamar who is billed mid-video as Oklama.

In the first scene, the music video begins with a moshpit of black men, who are wearing black bombers and sunglasses around Keem and Lamar, with the two artists wearing orange clothes. Black ballerinas are also in the scene. In the second scene, Lamar raps about still being big in hip-hop despite taking a break. Near the end of the music video, Normani appears in a stretch limo SUV with the two rappers, before the rappers make their last lines. Throughout the video, clips of different sizes and themes are placed on top of the video, being above the ones below them. The video is put into two "scenes", with scene 1 having Keem's section, and scene 2 having Lamar's section.

In a review for the song, "Pitchfork" wrote that "Kendrick's oddball (weird) raps and nonsensical flow switches express a newfound (new) creative freedom. His future is his own."

A Really Haunted Loud House

A Really Haunted Loud House is a 2023 comedy TV movie.

Uthmaniyya

The Uthmaniyya () were adherents of an early Islamic doctrinal stance which originated in the aftermath of caliph Uthman's assassination in 656 CE. The Uthmaniyya continued to support the deceased caliph and sought revenge for his murder. The Battle of the Camel (656 CE) and the Battle of Siffin (657 CE) both occurred within the framework of ʿUthmāniyyas versus ʿAlīds.

According to Isma'ili Shi'as, the Uthmaniyya had accepted the verdict of the arbitrators appointed at Siffin and held that Uthman had been murdered unjustly. Consequently, they repudiated the rebellion against Uthman and the resulting caliphate of Ali. In addition to the partisans of Mu'awiya, the Uthmaniyya included the upholders of the principles of the early caliphate, namely the rights of the non-Hashemid early companions of the prophet Muhammad to the caliphate. The Uthmaniyya adopted their own anti-Shi'a policies, such as the cursing of Ali from the pulpits after Friday prayers, a policy instituted by Mu'awiya.

Amr ibn al-As, Mu'awiya bin Hudayj, the Egyptian Uthmaniyya, and a bulk of the Syrians were responsible for the killing of Kinana ibn Bishr, the assassin of Uthman, as well as his men, which comprised the vanguard of Muhammad bin Abi Bakr, at al-Musannat.

In Yemen, the Uthmaniyya withheld their alms-tax to Ali and joined the rebels of Sana'a. They also protested Ali’s appointing of Ubayd Allah bin al-‘Abbas and Sa’id bin Nimran.


Al Jazeera America

Al Jazeera America was an American pay television news channel. It was owned by the Al Jazeera Media Network. It was launched on August 20, 2013. It was headquartered and run from studios on the first floor of the Manhattan Center in New York City. In January 2016, the channel announced that it would close on 12 April 2016, citing the "economic landscape".

Zumiez

Zumiez is an American multinational specialty clothing store. It was founded by Thomas Campion and Gary Haakenson in 1978. It has been publicly traded since 2005. It is a specialty retailer of apparel, footwear, accessories and hardgoods for young men and women. It is based in Lynnwood, Washington.

Urban Outfitters

Urban Outfitters is a multinational lifestyle retail corporation. It was founded in 1970. It targets young adults with a merchandise mix of women's and men's fashion apparel, footwear, beauty and wellness products, accessories, activewear and gear, and housewares, as well as music, primarily vinyl records and cassettes. It is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Kata'ib Hezbollah

Kata'ib Hezbollah is a radical paramilitary group. Kata'ib Hezbollah's allegiance is to the Iranian government. The group is controlled by the Quds Force, which is a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which is a branch of the Iranian Armed Forces.

Kata'ib Hezbollah is officially listed as a terrorist organization by the governments of Japan, United Arab Emirates, and the United States.

The group attacked the United States military and Iraqi military on 20 January 2024. In retaliation for the attack, the United States launched airstrikes against the group four days later.


Philautus juliandringi

Philautus juliandringi is a frog. It lives in Malaysia in Gunung Mulu National Park. People have seen it between 700 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees that grow where thereis limestone in the ground. Scientists believe this frog lays eggs in pitcher plants but they are not sure.

Scientists say this frog is in a small amount of danger of dying out, but only small because one of the places it lives is a protected park, where human beings do not cut down the forest.

Southampton Old Bowling Green

Southampton Old Bowling Green is a bowls ground. It is in Southampton, England. It is the world's oldest surviving bowls pitch. It was first used in 1297.

Tim Mason

Timothy Mason (born September 16, 1974) is a Canadian bowls player. He was born in Penetanguishene, Ontario.

Mason found bowls when he moved to West Vancouver. He had played hockey, tennis and golf. He won the Canadian bowls championship twice.

Hugh O'Neill

Hugh O'Neill ( "Hugh the Great O'Neill"; c. 1550 – 20 July 1616) was an Irish Gaelic lord, Earl of Tyrone (known as the Great Earl) and. O'Neill's career was played out against the background of the Tudor conquest of Ireland, and he is best known for leading a coalition of Irish clans during the Nine Years' War, the strongest threat to the House of Tudor in Ireland since the uprising of Silken Thomas against King Henry VIII. And was king of Ireland until England conquest Ireland

Junghans Mega

JUNGHANS MEGA is the name of the world's first radio-controlled wristwatch with hands. It was manufactured 1991 by the German watchmaker Junghans.

The watch has a partially gold-plated stainless steel case. It has a white dial with two golden hands and a rectangular liquid crystal display and is protected by a circular, scratch-resistant mineral glass. The brown leather strap contains the antenna for receiving time signals from the radio transmitter. The watch is equipped with time zone adjustment, perpetual calendar (weekday, date, month), digital seconds, internal time memory, signal reception indicator and a transmitter call button.

The MEGA is equipped with an integrated radio receiver with a wrist antenna for receiving time signals on the longwave frequency of 77.5 kHz. 

Synchronization of time with the time signal transmitter is performed at 2:00 and 3:00 AM. In case of reception issues, the synchronization is repeated every full hour until 6:00 AM. The time accuracy of the Junghans MEGA radio-controlled wristwatches is 1 second in 1 million years.

The quartz movement is of type w605 with a quartz time base of 32 kHz. The power supply comes from a 3V lithium battery.

In 1985, Junghans introduced the first radio-controlled desk clock to the market.

1990 the manufacturer's engineers successfully miniaturized this technology. Now it could fit into the case of the digital wristwatch MEGA 1. In 1991, Junghans released the analog version MEGA with traditional hands to the market.

Turlough Lynagh O'Neill

Sir Turlough Lynagh O'Neill (1532 – September, 1595) was an Irish Gaelic lord of Tír Eoghain in early modern Ireland. He was inauguratedupon Shane O’Neill’s death, becoming "The O'Neill". From 1567 to 1595, Sir Turlough Luineach O'Neill was leader of the O'Neill clan, the most powerful family in Ulster, the northern province in Ireland. He was knighted in 1578. And lord of Ireland

Black News Channel

Black News Channel was an American pay television news channel. It was targeted the African American demographic. It was based in Tallahassee, Florida, and launched on February 10, 2020. The network filed for bankruptcy in March 2022 and was subsequently purchased by Byron Allen's Entertainment Studios. It later merged with TheGrio.

United Natural Foods

United Natural Foods is a Providence, Rhode Island–based natural and organic food company. It is the largest publicly traded wholesale distributor of health and specialty food in the United States and Canada. It was founded in 1996. It is Whole Foods Market's main supplier, with their traffic making up over a third of its revenue in 2018.

The Fresh Market

The Fresh Market is an American chain of supermarkets. It is based in Greensboro, North Carolina. It was founded by Ray and Beverly Berry on March 5, 1982, in Greensboro, North Carolina. 

Movie Gallery

Movie Gallery was the second largest movie and game rental company in the United States and Canada, behind Blockbuster Video. It rented and sold Blu-ray Discs, DVDs, VHS tapes, and video games. It was founded in 1985. On April 30, 2010, Movie Gallery announced it was closing and liquidating all of its stores due to a Chapter 7 bankruptcy filing.

Hershey's Cookies 'n' Creme

Hershey's Cookies 'n' Creme is a candy bar made by The Hershey Company and was introduced in 1994. It is a flat, white chocolate bar, shaped cookie bits. The standard-sized bar has 12 rectangular blocks arranged in a 3X4 grid. 

Warsaw Chopin Airport

Warsaw Chopin Airport is an airport in Warsaw, Poland. It covers 2,060 acres of land and handles around 40% of Polands air traffic.

Some Guys Have All the Luck

"Some Guys Have All the Luck" is a 1973 song by American R&B group The Persuaders and made number 39 in the United States and number 64 in Canada. It was covered by Robert Palmer in 1982 and Rod Stewart in 1984 and went to number 10 in the United States. It was taken from Stewart's 13th studio album "Camouflage".

Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way

"Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way" is a 1975 song by Waylon Jennings and was taken from his 22nd studio album "Dreaming My Dreams". It went to number 60 in the United States and topped the single charts on the country charts. In 2010 it was covered by country band Alabama for the tribute album "The Music Inside: A Collaboration Dedicated to Waylon Jennings, Volume One".

Golf ball

A golf ball is a small white ball that is used to play golf with.

Loosen Up My Strings

"Loosen Up My Strings" is a 1998 song by country singer Clint Black and is the fifth single from his seventh studio album "Nothin' But the Taillights". It went to number 12 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 6 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Stephanie D'Abruzzo

Stephanie D'Abruzzo is a American voice actress and puppeteer who is best known for her role as Uma in "Oobi". 


Aulorhamphus

Aulorhamphus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. It's assigned to the Gasterosteoidei in the order Scorpaeniformes.




Spiffy Pictures

Spiffy Pictures is a American production company known for producing "Jack's Big Music Show", "Doby & Disy", "Nature Cat" and "Donkey Hodie".

Gaza War

Gaza War may refer to:

Coach Me If You Can

Coache-moi si tu peux is a French animated television series, created and directed by Olivier Pouchelon. Produced by Xilam Animation, it is made up of 52 13-minute episodes, broadcast on France 4 and on Okoo since February 19, 2020.

Erico Platana, the greatest footballer in the world, sees his life turned upside down when a deranged sorcerer transforms him into a football, to punish him for his arrogance. To defeat the curse and regain his human form, the vain champion will have to deflate his ego and train his biggest fan to become as good a player as him... Problem: the latter is none other than Daniel Sissou, a clumsy and incorrigibly kind little boy who adores her more than anything. The blow is hard for the footballer, who trades his life as a star for a banal daily life and the fervor of crowded stadiums for a stale amateur club. But Erico and Daniel will quickly form a strong friendship, each having lots of things to teach each other. Too bad if they take it like a trick, together, they can only progress!

Eckhart (TV series)

Eckhart is a Canadian-American animated series that was created by C.H. Greenblatt and is produced by Nelvana and Disney Television Animation. It originally aired on Playhouse Disney in the United States and Treehouse TV in Canada and premiered on May 18, 2008.


Gasterosteoidei

Gasterosteoidei is a suborder of ray-finned fishes that includes the sticklebacks and relatives. It is currently classified in the order Scorpaeniformes.

Gasterosteoidei is treated as a suborder within the order Scorpaeniformes in the 5th edition of "Fishes of the World", but in other classifications it is treated as the infraorder Gasterosteales.

Historically, Gasterosteoidei was called the Gasterosteiformes. Recent studies show that the more typical members of that group (like scorpionfishes) arecloser to the "true" Gasterosteiformes, so we can see why it was changed.

These fish have the possession of an upper jaw and a well developed upward pointing process on the premaxilla. They have small mouths. The body usually has dermal plates.

Here are two of the extinct genera of the Gasterosteoidei:





Control-V

Control-V is a computer shortcut. In most operating systems, it is used to paste (insert) text or other content from the clipboard.

C. H. Greenblatt

C.H. Greenblatt is a American animator who has worked on a few episodes of "SpongeBob SquarePants", he created three cartoons, "Chowder" for Cartoon Network, "Eckhart" for Disney Junior and "Harvey Beaks" for Nickelodeon.

Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi

Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi, also known as Ala Hazrat, was an Indian Islamic scholar, theologian, jurist, preacher, and poet from Bareilly, British India. He is revered as the founder of the Barelvi movement and the Razvi branch of the Qadiri Sufi order. Considered a polymath, he wrote extensively on law, religion, philosophy, and sciences, mastering both rational and religious subjects. He was a reformer who defended Prophet Muhammad and popular Sufi practices, influencing millions of people. Today, the Barelvi movement has around 200 million followers in the region.

Parallel Lives

Parallel Lives, also known as Plutarch's Lives, Comparative Lives, Lives of Illustrious Men, and the Lives of the Noble Greeks and Romans is a book written by the famous writer, philosopher, and priest Plutarch in ancient Rome. The book reads about many pairs, which these pairs are biographies (stories of people's lives) of one Greek man and one Roman man of a similar life for every pair. These pairs are set to show moral goods and moral bads in the people Plutarch writes about. there are 23 pairs of stories, and 4 biographies that are unpaired, but Plutarch still wrote. There are many biographies, so they are often shown in many volumes.

Some of the pairs include Demosthenes and Cicero, Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great, and Theseus and Romulus.

A pair of Biographies, originally about Epaminondas and either Scipio Africanus or Scipio Aemilianus has been lost to history. Other lives have been shortened and have large lacunae (gaps), and/or have been messed with by writers of later times.

An example of Plutarch's Lives being important is Plutarch's life of Alexander the Great, which is one of the only writings about Alexander the Great, despite being a secondary or tertiary source. It has parts of Alexander's life that no other source has. This is also the same with the life of Numa Pompilius, which has unique details on the early ancient Roman calendar. Plutarch's writings have been celebrated for the liveliness and warmth of his Parallel Lives. Parallel Lives has gotten a large group of readers throughout its existence.


Needful Things (movie)

Needful Things is a 1993 American horror movie directed by Fraser Clarke Heston and was based on the 1991 novel of the same name by Stephen King. It stars Ed Harris, Max von Sydow, Bonnie Bedelia, Amanda Plummer, J. T. Walsh, Shane Meier, Don S. Davis and W. Morgan Sheppard.


Tom Sawyer (song)

"Tom Sawyer" is a 1981 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the third single from their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures". It went to number 44 in the United States, number 25 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in Canada and did not chart anywhere in the world. It is based on the book "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" by Mark Twain.

Roland Kollmann

Roland Kollmann (8 October 1976 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player. He played as striker mainly for GAK. He also played for the Austrian national football team. In 2004 he was top scorer of the league with 27 goals.
Kollmann started his football career at his hometown club SC Landskron. He moved to FC Tirol Innsbruck. After a serious injury he moved to FC Kärnten in the Second league.He was an important player there for the promotion. 2001 he went to Twente Enschede but due to injuries he was not successful. In the 2001/02 winter break he came back to Austria and played for Grazer AK. There he celebrated his greatest successes. He became top scorer in the 2003/04 season and champion and cup winner in the same year. 2007 he went to SK Austria Kärnten. 2008 he came back to GAK. 2011 he left GAK and went to SVG Bleiburg in the Kärntner Landesliga (4th tier) In January 2013, Roland Kollmann moved to Klagenfurter AC in the fifth-class Unterliga Ost. He was not used in any championship games there. So he ended his career as a football player.
Kollmann made eleven appearances for the Austrian national football team, in which he scored four goals. He debuted on 26 March 2003 in a 2-2 draw versus Greece. His last match was on 9 February 2005 versus Latvia. 
2010 he was asistance coach with GAK. On April 3, 2012, Kollmann took over the position of head coach at Bleiburg . He then moved to Florida, where he accepted the position of Director of Coaching at the Schulz Academy. He also was a junior coach there. From 2017 onwards he was coach of two clubs from lower classes.

Prabhat Kumar

Prabhat Kumar is an Indian politician and retired civil servant. He was the Cabinet Secretary of India from 1998 to 2000. He is the first governor of the State of Jharkhand.

One Summer (song)

"One Summer" is a 1989 song by Australian singer Daryl Braithwaite and is the third single from his second studio album "Edge". It went to number 8 in Australia, number 4 in Sweden and number 5 in Norway.


Lonely Street (Carl Belew song)

"Lonely Street" is a 1959 song by Andy Wiliams and is the title track to fifth studio album "Lonely Street". It was written by Carl Belew and Kenny Sowder. It has been covered by a number of artists since its release.

One Armed Scissor

"One Armed Scissor" is a 2000 song by American post-hardcore band At the Drive-In and was taken from their third studio album "Relationship of Command". It went to number 64 in the United Kingdom, number 85 in Australia and number 26 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.


New Market, Alabama

New Market is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP). It is located in Madison County, Alabama, United States.

Vahid Mousavi

Vahid Mousavi (Persian: وحید موسوی), is an Iranian pop singer.

Vahid Mousavi is the same singer who came on the stage and sang a lullaby in the preliminary part of the new era and impressed everyone, the same tall young boy with a body that looks more like weightlifters and wrestlers, came on the stage and sang and received positive votes from the judges. He also made it his own. When asked what do you do, he said, "I'm a plumber." He believed that he was better at plumbing than singing; But he read well.

Vahid Mousavi, a singer from Lorestan and selected for "Asr Jadid", who was arrested on November 10, was released on bail from Khorram Abad Central Prison on November 12.

Vahid announced in a video on his Instagram page: "All of us are at the foot of our Iran."

Altice USA

Altice USA is an American cable television provider. It is headquartered in New York City. It delivers pay television, Internet access, telephone services, and original television content to approximately 4.9 million residential and business customers in 21 states. It was founded in 2016. It is the fourth-largest cable provider in the U.S.

McMurdo Dry Valleys

The McMurdo Dry Valleys are valleys in Antarctica that have no snow. The Valleys have very low humidity and surrounding mountains stop the flow of ice from nearby glaciers. The rocks here are granites and gneisses. It is one of the driest places on Earth.

Qatari passport

The Qatari passport (Arabic: جواز السفر القطري) is a passport document issued to citizens of Qatar for international travel.

On April 20, 2008, the issuance of the Qatari electronic passport began, making the State of Qatar the first Arab country to use the electronic passport.

Short mat bowls

Short mat bowls is a sport. It is a version of bowls. Players roll balls down a carpet to get closer to a smaller ball, called a jack. The game is played on a rollable carpet. It is much shorter than other types of bowls. The carpet is 40-45 feet long and 6 feet wide.

New Market

New Market may refer to:


Dollar Tree

Dollar Tree is an American multi-price-point chain of discount variety stores. It is headquartered in Chesapeake, Virginia. It operates 15,115 stores throughout the 48 contiguous U.S. states and Canada. It competes in the dollar store and low-end retail markets. Each Dollar Tree stocks a variety of products, including national, regional, and private-label brands. It was founded in 1986.

Volume (bibliography)

A volume in bibliography is a single book in a series of many books of the same topic. These may be hand-written or printed. most volumes are labeled in order of sequence, labeled in either Roman numerals or Arabic numerals. 

Volumes may be published by the intent of the author, or they may be created from many bound issues (A single publishing of a numbered arranged publication). For an example of the latter, a library might bind the issues of a periodical newspaper or periodical journal into volumes. the word volume could also be used for an issue of a single periodical newspaper, journal, or magazine.

A publisher may on its own publish a volume out of earlier published issues; common in graphic novels. A volume may be made up of entries, as in an encyclopedia, or chapters, as in a monograph.

Airtight Games

Airtight Games was an American independent video game developer based in Redmond founded in 2004. It was made up of former members of FASA Studio, Will Vinton Studios and Microsoft, as well as several other studios, with key members included president and creative director Jim Deal, art director Matt Brunner, and co-founder Ed Fries.

Airtight Games was formed in 2004 by the core team that shipped the Xbox title "". Their first title was the 2010 action game "Dark Void", published by Capcom and released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms.

In 2012 they released a puzzle-platform game with Square Enix as publisher, titled "Quantum Conundrum". They followed this up with two mobile games for iOS in 2012 and 2013, and "Soul Fjord", a hybrid roguelike/rhythm game developed as an exclusive title for the short-lived Ouya console and released in 2014.

In June 2014 they released the adventure-mystery game "", published by Square Enix and released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. Earlier that year the studio had laid off 14 employees, and its creative director Kim Swift joining Amazon Game Studios. A month later Airtight Games closed in July 2014.

Brian Boru

Brian (born 941, near Killaloe, Ireland—died April 23, 1014, Clontarf, near Dublin) high king of Ireland from 1002 to 1014. His fame was so great that the princes descended from him, the O’Briens, subsequently ranked as one of the chief dynastic families of the country.

Donnchad mac Briain

Donnchadh mac Briain, also spelled Donnchad mac Briain (died 1064), was a King of the Munster Kingdom in Ireland. Brian Bóruma was the first man to establish himself as High King of Ireland by the force of arms in many centuries.

Muirchertach Ua Briain

Muircheartach Ua Briain (anglicised as Murtaugh O'Brien; c. 1050 – c. 10 March 1119), son of Toirdelbach Ua Briain and great-grandson of Brian Boru, was King of Munster and later self-declared High King of Ireland.

Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill

Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill, also called Máel Sechnaill Mór or Máel Sechnaill II (949 – 2 September 1022), was a King of Mide and High King of Ireland. His great victory at the Battle of Tara against Olaf Cuaran in 980 resulted in Gaelic Irish control of the Kingdom of Dublin.

Lacunae

Lacuna (plural lacunas or lacunae) may refer to:



Kings of Ireland

This page serves as an index of lists of kings of the Gaelic kingdoms of Ireland of the Early Medieval 


Battery swapping

Battery swapping is an electric vehicle technology that enables the rapid exchange of a depleted battery with a fully charged one. This method provides a swift alternative to traditional charging, commonly applied in electric forklifts. It offers an efficient solution for maintaining electric vehicle functionality without prolonged charging delays.

As far back as 1896, people were talking about a service where you could swap out a used-up battery for a fully charged one. The Hartford Electric Light Company actually started offering this service between 1910 and 1924. They did this through the GeVeCo battery service, mainly for electric trucks. If you owned a vehicle, you'd buy it without a battery and then get one separately from the General Vehicle Company (GeVeCo), which was partly owned by General Electric.

Beginning in 1917, a similar service operated in Chicago for owners of Milburn Electric cars. A rapid battery replacement system was implemented to service 50 electric buses at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

99 Cents Only Stores

99 Cents Only Stores is an American price-point retailer chain. It is based in Commerce, California. There are stores located in California, Arizona, Nevada, and Texas. It offers "a combination of closeout branded merchandise, general merchandise and fresh foods." It was founded in 1982.

Eddie Bauer

Eddie Bauer is an American clothing store chain. It is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. It sells its merchandise via retail stores, outlet stores, and online and via phone, with a call center in Groveport, Ohio. It was founded in 1920.

HD 217491

HD 217491 is an white bright giant star in the constellation Andromeda, the star is 1,914 light years away from earth

The name HD 217491 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 217,491st stars in the Henry Draper catalogue, and The name HR 8755 derives directly from the fact that the star in the 8,755th stars in the Bright Star catalogue

The name HIP 113603 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 113,603rd stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 52587 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 52,587th stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

HD 221170

HD 221170 is a very metal-poor red giant star in the constellation Pegasus, the star is 1,814 light years away from earth

The name HD 221170 is because it is the 221,170th stars in the Henry Draper catalogue, however, the star does not have HR numbers, because the star is too faint to visible by naked eye

The name HIP 115949 is because it is the 115,949th stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 73293 is because it is the 73,293rd stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

HD 121980

HD 121980 is a red giant star in the constellation Bootes, the star is 553 light years away from earth

The star is named HD 121980 because it is star is the 121,980th star in the Henry Draper catalogue, and The name HR 5254 derives directly from the fact that the star in the 5,254th stars in the Bright Star catalogue

It is named HIP 68279 because it is the 68,279th stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 100801 from the 100,801st stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

IRAS 20322+4215

IRAS 20322+4215 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Cygnus, the star is 5,457 light years away from earth

IRAS 18111-2257

IRAS 18111-2257 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is about 20,000 light years away from earth

If IRAS 18111-2257 was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, and even Jupiter, Because IRAS 18111-2257's size was 1,289 to 1,427 times large as the sun

in the Star Wars franchise, IRAS 18111-2257 was also named Primus Goluud, an red supergiant star in the Deep Core region, and Naga Sadow uses a superweapon to causing IRAS 18111-2257 explode into an supernovae

Medieval philosophy

Medieval philosophy was the thinking or philosophy that happened during the Middle Ages, a time from around the fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century until after the Renaissance in the 13th and 14th centuries. It started in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq, in the 8th century and later in France in the court of Charlemagne. During this time, people rediscovered the ancient Greek and Roman cultures and tried to connect religious teachings with worldly knowledge, especially focusing on understanding God.
The history of medieval philosophy is usually divided into two parts: the time in the Latin West until the 12th century, marked by the rediscovery of Aristotle and Plato, and the "golden age" of the 12th to 14th centuries in the Latin West. This period saw a revival of ancient philosophy, including the works of Arabic commentators. It also brought significant developments in the philosophy of religion, logic, and metaphysics.

The Renaissance humanists, who came later, didn't think highly of the high medieval Scholastic period, considering it a "middle period" between the glory days of Greek and Roman cultures and the rebirth of those cultures. However, modern historians see the medieval era as a time of philosophical growth, strongly influenced by Christian and Muslim theology. 

Medieval philosophy focused a lot on theology. Most medieval thinkers, except for a few like Avicenna and Averroes, didn't see themselves as philosophers but admired writers like Plato and Aristotle. However, they used philosophical methods to explore challenging theological questions. Medieval thinkers like Augustine and Thomas Aquinas made significant contributions to the philosophy of time and metaphysics.

The key principles guiding medieval philosophers were using logic and analysis to find the truth (ratio), respecting the ideas of ancient philosophers and aligning philosophical insights with theological teachings (concordia).

A major debate during this time was about faith versus reason. Avicenna and Averroes leaned towards reason, while Augustine emphasized the authority of God over philosophical investigations. Anselm tried to reconcile faith and reason, proposing an approach that allows for both. The Augustinian solution to the faith/reason problem was to believe first and then seek understanding (fides quaerens intellectum), a perspective followed by Christian thinkers, especially the scholastic philosophers like Albert the Great, Bonaventure, and Thomas Aquinas.


IRAS 18204-1344

IRAS 18204-1344 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Scutum, the star is located at around 7,500 light years away from earth

Hormel Foods

Hormel Foods is an American food processing company. It was founded in 1891 in Austin, Minnesota. It originally focused on the packaging and selling of ham, sausage and other pork, chicken, beef and lamb products to consumers, adding Spam in 1937. By the 1980s, it began offering a wider range of packaged and refrigerated foods.

The Hillbillies

"The Hillbillies" is a song by American rappers Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar. It was a surprise song, first released on May 30, 2023, only on Youtube. The song was later put on streaming platforms on June 5, 2023, by PGLang and Columbia Records. A drill song, Keem and Lamar wrote "The Hillbillies" with its producer Evilgiane. It includes a sample of "PDLIF" by Bon Iver, and an interpolation of "Sticky" by Drake.

The music video, directed and edited by Neal Farmer, was released alongside the song. The video was filmed on a VHS camcorder, and has outtakes of Keem and Kendrick from their time together on Kendrick's Big Steppers Tour, while also including a cameo from Tyler, the Creator. Music reviewers liked "The Hillbillies" for its Jersey club-inspired production and fun chemistry.

From July to December 2022, American rappers Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar were on the Kendrick's Big Steppers Tour. During the final stop of the tour's European visiting in Manchester, the cousins paused the show to film video for a potential music video they can "take back to L.A."

"The Hillbillies" was surprise-released on May 30, 2023, only on PGLang's YouTube channel. The song has hi-hats inspired by UK drill and bass-led Jersey club production. Lyrically, Keem and Lamar have and have flows with "their favorite subjects": women, fashion and fame. Throughout the song, they compare themselves to professional footballers Lionel Messi and Neymar, while Lamar brings up designers Martine Rose and Grace Wales Bonner. "The Hillbillies" interpolates the flow of "Sticky" by Canadian rapper Drake on its refrain, and samples the charity single "PDLIF" by American indie folk band Bon Iver. "PDLIF" also samples English musician Alabaster DePlume's single "Visit Croatia".

The official music video for "The Hillbillies", directed and edited by Neal Farmer, was released with the song on May 30, 2023. It was filmed only on a VHS camcorder during the end of the Big Steppers Tour's European visits, and follows Keem and Lamar as they travel around Europe and the United States. Landmarks put in the music video include the London Eye, Stephen's Green Shopping Centre in Dublin, and Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. Keem and Lamar are seen "being in a silly, goofy mood" through the "casual" lo-fi video, as they explore and dance around some cities and in their private jet. American rapper Tyler, the Creator makes a cameo appearance in the video.

""'s Chris Deville was excited about "The Hillbillies" sampling Bon Iver and Alabaster DePlume, and said the song was "awesome" after some listens. He described the track as being more like a "hype-building pre-album loosie", rather than the "proper single" feel of Keem and Lamar's other songs, and said the song was a "blog-era classic if we were still in the blog era." "The Hillbillies" was named as ""'s "Best New Track", with Dylan Green saying that the song is the "most relaxed and loose" Keem and Lamar have seemed in a while. He liked the track for keeping up with their usual "silly" actions, and said their "ridiculous" were very funny. Jayson Buford of "" liked the track for giving a look of the vision for "whatever" Lamar and 's PGLang is going to do. He liked Lamar for being "irreverent (insulting) and fun in a way he usually is not," saying that some of his verses reminded him of his earlier works with and .

Ferrari F40

Ferrari F40 is a car made by Ferrari It was made from 1987 until 1992 and 1,311 were made 

Pro TV

Pro TV ( Romanian pronunciation: [pro teˈve]), (formerly Canal 31 ) is a television channel in Romania , launched on 1 December 1995 as the fourth private television channel in the country . The owner of the TV channel is Pro TV SRL.





Universal Sports

Universal Sports was an American sports-oriented digital cable and satellite television network. It was owned as a joint venture between InterMedia Partners and NBCUniversal. It was launched in 2006. On October 22, 2015, it was announced that Universal Sports would shut down on November 16, 2015, and that NBC Sports would inherit the network's portfolio of sports rights for its own networks. 

Fearless Records

Fearless Records is an American independent record label. It was founded in 1994. It is based in Culver City, California. It and is best known for its early pop punk moments captured in the Fearless Flush Sampler and Punk Bites releases.

Taco Cabana

Taco Cabana is an American fast casual restaurant chain. It serves Tex-Mex cuisine. It has 148 restaurants. It was founded in 1978. It is recognized for its "pink" color scheme and semi-enclosed patio dining areas. t is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YTC Enterprises LLC. It is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Lynnwood, Washington

Lynnwood is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It is part of the Seattle metropolitan area. 38,568 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is the headquarters of Zumiez.

Positions (song)

"Positions" (stylized in as "positions") is a song by Ariana Grande from her album "Positions (album)". It was released on October 23, 2020, by Republic Records. It reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is Grande's fifth US number-one single.

Goya Foods

Goya Foods is a producer of a brand of foods sold in the United States and many Spanish-speaking countries. It is under third-generation ownership of the Spanish-American Unanue family. It is headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey. It was founded in 1936.

Thanaleng

Thanaleng is a railway station in Laos. In 2024, Thai authorities said that (some) trains had traveled from Nong Khai station (in Thailand), to Thanaleng station.

Loppa

Loppa is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 859 people lived there. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Øksfjord.


Måsøy

Måsøy is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 1,162 people lived there.

Settlements include Havøysund.


Nordkapp

Nordkapp (English: North Cape) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 2,947 people lived there.


Mo i Rana

Mo i Rana is a city in Nordland county, Norway. It is the administrative centre of the municipality of Rana. The city is in the Helgeland region. It is a few kilometers south of the Arctic Circle. In 2023, 25,980 people lived there, which makes it the largest city in Helgeland by population and the second largest city (after Bodø) in Nordland county by population.

It Takes Two (Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston song)

"It Takes Two" is a 1966 song by Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston. It was taken from their duet album "Take Two" and went to number 16 in the United Kingdom and number 14 in the United States and Canada.

In 1990 Rod Stewart and Tina Turner covered "It Takes Two" for the Pepsi television commercial. It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom and topped the single charts in Denmark.

Philautus nianeae

The Laotian shrub frog ("Philautus nianeae") is a frog. It lives in Laos. People have seen it between 471 and 979 meters above sea level.

This frog has smooth skin and black spots on the insides of its legs. It has light skin on its belly with dark spots.

Dawlat al-Islam Qamat

Dawlat al-Islam Qamat (), also called in English My Ummah, Dawn Has Appeared () is a jihadi song which became the unofficial anthem of ISIL. The song was released in December 2013 and became their most popular song in Syria. The American magazine "The New Republic" said it was the most famous song of the year 2014.
The song is a capella song excluding the sounds of a sword, feet stomping, and gunfire. The song was made by Ajnad Media Foundation which makes most of ISIL's songs. The song has also been used alongside speeches by the Nigerian ISIL affiliate Boko Haram by their leader Abu Umaimata (ra).

In the year 2015, one of ISIL's other media agencies (Al-Hayat Media Center) released a Chinese version called, "We are the Mujahid" (), a chorus that is 4 minutes long with a singer with a Uyghur accent.

1931 Lublin tornado

On July 20, 1931, a violent tornado struck the city of Lublin in Poland. The damage from the tornado was rated F4 on the Fujita scale by the European Severe Storms Laboratory. The tornado killed six people and injured at least 100 others.

The tornado destroyed several buildings in Lublin. Some structures had walls that were thick. Train railroad cars were overturned and some were moved a few meters away. Industrial chimneys were thrown by the tornado. Structures made out of iron were bent. Buildings made of wood in the path of the tornado were leveled to the ground. These included sawmills, homes, and barns. The Lublin slaughterhouse and sugar factory were completely destroyed. Other industrial buildings were destroyed as well. Some buildings had debris thrown over a mile away. A city bus was picked up and thrown by the tornado. The tornado traveled around and was destroyed as being a narrow “dark mass in the shape of a funnel”. In total, the tornado killed six people and injured over 100 others.

The Polish Weather Service estimated the tornado had winds between . This mean it was potentially at F5 intensity, as F5 tornadoes begin with winds at . Staff of the University of Warsaw and Adam Mickiewicz University in Poland as well as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the United States also believe the tornado may have been F5 intensity. A lot of the information about this tornado was documented by Polish scientist Dr. Romuald Gumiński. Gumiński was the vice-director of the Polish government Meteorological Department.


Aulorhynchus

Aulorhynchus flavidus, the tubesnout or pipe fish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish that is found off the western coast of North America. It is a member of its family, Aulorhynchidae. It is also part of its suborder, the Gasterosteoidei.

"Aulorhynchus", the genus name, is a combination of "aulos", meaning "flute", and "rhynchus", which means "snout", a reference to the flexible tubular snout of this species The specific name, "flavidus" means "yellowish".

"Aulorhynchus flavidus" is an elongated fish that is small in size. It looks like a stickleback, but has a thinner, longer body, with 24 to 27 small spines in front of the dorsal fin.

The tubesnout grows to 18 cm (7.1 in) in total length.

"Aulorhynchus flavidus" possesses a long snout, hence its common name.
"Aulorhynchus" likes to feed on small planktonic crustaceans, including amphipods, mysids, and crab larvae.

Like sticklebacks, these little fish produce a sticky secretion from their kidneys when breeding. "Aulorhynchus" attaches its eggs to kelp. Spawning occurs throughout the year, and males protect nest sites by defending them from predators. This species is also found in public aquariums.

The tubesnout lives in shallow marine waters off the Pacific coast of North America to a depth of 30 m (98 ft). It inhabits rocky crevices, kelp beds, eelgrass, and areas with a sandy bottom substrate.

Accodring to the IUCN Red List, this fish is a least-concern species.


A Tear Fell

"A Tear Fell" is a 1956 song by Teresa Brewer and went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and number 5 in the United States. Its B-side to her single "Bo Weevil" and was covered by Billy "Crash" Craddock and Ivory Joe Hunter.

Kawakawa, New Zealand

Kawakawa is a small town in the Far North District and in the Bay of Islands. It once had coal mining until the early 20th century and focuses its economy on farming. It has a primary school, a high school and hospital situated in the town. It has State Highway 1 and State Highway 11 intersecting in the town.

Kenneth Eugene Smith

Kenneth Eugene Smith (July 4, 1965 – January 25, 2024) was an American murderer who became the first person in the world to be executed by inert gas asphyxiation.

Smith was sentenced to death for the murder of Elisabeth Sennett in 1988, he and another man accepted $1,000 to end her life, the order was carried out by Sennett's husband who intended to collect the life insurance–to pay off some debts. ​Smith's partner in crime, a man named John Forrest Parker, was also sentenced to death and executed in 2010.

In November 2022, Smith was scheduled to be executed by lethal injection, but the execution was stayed after the execution team was unable to connect the intravenous lines to Smith in the time available before the expiration of the death warrant issued by the Alabama Supreme Court. As part of a settlement between the state and Smith, the state agreed not to continue Smith's execution by lethal injection (the default primary method of execution in Alabama) and instead make use of a secondary novel method of execution, nitrogen hypoxia., even after endless appeals, calls by activists and international organisations for mercy and the declaration of the United Nations that declared that the method could be torture, he was executed in Holman Prison.

List of rulers of Gwynedd

This is a list of the rulers of the Kingdom of Gwynedd. Many of them were also acclaimed "King of the Britons" or "Prince of Wales".
Cunedda Wledig ap Edern (Cunedda the Imperator) (c. 450–c. 460).

Maelgwn "Hir" ap Cadwallon (Maelgwn Gwynedd) (c. 520–c. 547).

Cadwallon ap Cadfan (c. 625–634).

Cadwaladr "Fendigaid" ap Cadwallon (Cadwallader the Blessed) (c. 655–c. 682).

Rhodri Mawr (Rhodri the Great) ap Merfyn (844–878).

Anarawd ap Rhodri (878–916)

Hywel "Dda" ap Cadell (Howell the Good) (942–950)

Gruffydd ap Cynan (1081–1137)

Owain Gwynedd ap Gruffydd (1137–1170).

Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd r. 1170; 

Llywelyn Fawr (Llywelyn the Great) ap Iorwerth (1195–1240),

Dafydd ap Llywelyn (1240–1246).

Llywelyn the Last ap Gruffydd (1246–1282).

Madog ap Llywelyn (1294–1295)

Owain Lawgoch (Owain Redhand) ap Tomas ap Rhodri (1372–1378),

Eobard Thawne

Professor Eobard Thawne, also known as Professor Zoom and the Reverse-Flash, is one of the main antagonists of the DC Comics universe, specifically serving as one of the two main antagonists (alongside Gorilla Grodd) of "The Flash" franchise and media.

He is a scientist from the 25th century obsessed with Barry Allen, the speedster hero known as The Flash, who developed the means to channel the Speed Force in order to replicate the Flash's powers, eventually creating his own Negative Speed Force. After encountering his idol and discovering that he was destined to become the Flash's archenemy, Thawne dedicated himself to destroying Flash's allies and making his life miserable; most notably, killing his mother Nora and framing his father Henry for the crime.

Following the events of Flashpoint, he became a "living paradox"—a being completely disconnected from the timeline—allowing him to use his abilities without consequence, and return from death indefinitely. He is one of the three arch-nemeses (alongside Gorilla Grodd and Captain Cold) of Barry Allen, being his most personal adversary, He also appears as an enemy towards Batman and the Justice League.

The character has been adapted in various media incarnations, having been portrayed in live-action by Tom Cavanagh and Matt Letscher in The CW's Arrowverse franchise, most notably in the television series "The Flash".

Province of East Prussia

What is East Prussia called today?

Kaliningrad

The northern part of East Prussia is the region of Kaliningrad, Russia. The city of Kaliningrad was originally known as Königsberg. The southern part is the voivodeship of Warmia-Masuria, Poland.

East Prussia was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1773 to 1829 and again from 1878; following World War I it formed part of the Weimar Republic's Free State of Prussia, until 1945. Its capital city was Königsberg. East Prussia was the main part of the region of Prussia along the southeastern Baltic Coast. 

King William I appointed Otto von Bismarck as the new Minister President of  in 1862. The Prussian victory in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 enabled him to create the North German Confederation which excluded Austria from the federation's affairs and ended the previous German Confederation

Lukas Weißhaidinger

Lukas Weißhaidinger (born 20 February 1992) is an Austrian discus thrower and shot putter. He won bronze medals at the 2018 European Championships, 2019 World Athletics Championships and 2020 Summer Olympics.

Brunnenthal, Austria

Brunnenthal is a municipality in Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

Ohoka

Ohoka is a small township in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand on the northern outskirts of Christchurch. It has a school in the township and in 2022 a new subdivision proposed would include 1,000 houses, ships and retirement village.

Sankt Florian am Inn

Sankt Florian am Inn is a municipality in Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

Aubilly

Aubilly is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Bayugan

Bayugan is a city in the province of Agusan del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 109,499 people lived there. It is the only city in the province of Agusan del Sur.

Borongan

Borongan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Eastern Samar. According to the 2020 census, 71,961 people lived there.

Catbalogan

Catbalogan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Samar. According to the 2020 census, 106,440 people lived there.

Uarbryichthys

Uarbryichthys is an extinct genus of macrosemiiform fish from fossil beds near the Talbragar River Bed. It is a lake-dwelling fish that lived during the Upper Jurassic of Australia. It has the following species:


"Uarbyichthys" is the largest of the macrosemiids. It is characterized by a large head, with a pointed snout and a small mouth placed in a terminal position, and cartouche-shaped bones. The body is laterally compressed. The dorsal fin is big and high, especially in the front.

The anal and pelvic fins were small, while the pectoral fins were large and fan-shaped. It had a forked caudal fin. 

"Uarbryichthys" is a representative of the Macrosemiidae, a group of ginglymodian fishes. It is also the only known macrosemiid in Australia.



Paging

In computing, paging is the name of a technology that allows virtual memory. Sometimes, it is called swapping. It means that the operating system has a table, where it maps virtual adresses to real adresses. As the virtual address space is usually larger than the computer memory, a page is loaded when it is first accessed. In that context, "page" means a small part of memory, with data in it. Processors also do this, in a part of the processor called the memory-management unit, or MMU. Most of the time, the page that is loaded needs to replace anoher page, which is written to disk. There are different stragegies what page to replace. Among them are FIFO Buffers, and LRU.

2025 Formula One World Championship

The 2025 FIA Formula One World Championship is a planned motor racing championship for Formula One cars. This will be the 76th running of the Formula One World Championship.

The following constructors and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2025 World Championship.

The following constructors and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2025 World Championship. All teams are due to compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli.

After twelve seasons with Mercedes, Lewis Hamilton, will leave the team to join Ferrari in place of Carlos Sainz Jr. The would end Hamilton's record-breaking streak of most consecutive seasons driving for a single constructor.

The Australian will host the inaugural race of the 2025 season for the first time since 2019.

The Russian Grand Prix was under contract to feature on the 2025 calendar. However, the contract was terminated in 2022 in response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Mariapfarr

Mariapfarr is a municipality in the district of Tamsweg in the Austrian state of Salzburg.

Ross Stores

Ross Stores is an American chain of discount department stores. It is headquartered in Dublin, California. It has 1,483 stores in 37 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and Guam. It is the largest off-price retailer in the U.S. It was founded in 1950.

Remedios T. Romualdez

Remedios T. Romualdez is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 17,155 people lived here. 

Tubay

Tubay is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 25,785 people lived here.

Milhars

Milhars is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Milhavet

Milhavet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Miolles

Miolles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mirandol-Bourgnounac

Mirandol-Bourgnounac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Data warehouse

A data warehouse is a centralized place where data from many different sources can be stored.

An ETL model separates data in the warehouse based on whether they have already been extracted, transformed or loaded.

An ELT model first loads the data into the warehouse and transforms the data after it's been loaded.

A data warehouse needs effort to be created alongside the source storage. 


As opposed to a datamart, a data warehouse stores data for the whole company, not just for a given topic in the company.

A fact is a value.

There are three or more leading approaches to storing data in a data warehouse – the most important approaches are the dimensional approach and the normalized approach.

A fact is concrete piece of data. Dimensions are the metadata about the fact.

Separation between data (facts) and contextual metadata (dimensions) makes the data warehouse simpler. 

Some disadvantages of the dimensional approach are the following:


In the normalized approach, the data in the data warehouse are stored partially according to database normalization rules. Normalization removes data duplication by splitting each piece of data into entities. Each entity (e.g. customer, product, sale) relates to other entities. Reading a piece of data requires joining these entities together making reads slower.

Missècle

Missècle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

List of awards and honours received by Mahathir Mohamad

This is a list of awards and honours given to Mahathir Mohamad.

Monestiés

Monestiés is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montans

Montans is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montauriol, Tarn

Montauriol is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montcabrier, Tarn

Montcabrier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montdragon

Montdragon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montdurausse

Montdurausse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montels, Tarn

Montels is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montfa, Tarn

Montfa is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montgaillard, Tarn

Montgaillard is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montgey

Montgey is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montirat, Tarn

Montirat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montpinier

Montpinier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montredon-Labessonnié

Montredon-Labessonnié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mont-Roc

Mont-Roc is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Citi Trends

Citi Trends is an American retail clothing chain. It sells discounted products targeted primarily at urban customers. It was founded in 1958 as Allied Department Stores. It has more than 600 stores in 33 states. 

Boscov's

Boscov's is a family-owned department store. It has 50 locations in the Northeastern United States. Its headquarters are in Exeter Township, Pennsylvania, near Reading. Twenty-six of these stores are located in Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1914.

Lynk &amp; Co

Lynk & Co () is an automotive brand based in Sweden that was founded in 2016 as a subsidiary of Geely Holding Group, a Chinese multinational automotive manufacturing company. Its headquarters is located in Gothenburg, Sweden. The main product of Lynk & Co is an innovative line of crossover vehicles. These vehicles are designed to meet the needs of a new generation of connected and conscious consumers. They aim to provide a seamless experience between the physical and digital worlds, offering advanced connectivity, shared mobility, and sustainable features. 

'Co' in the company's name stands for 'connected' and focus of the brand is on internet connectivity and innovative purchasing models, targeting a young professional demographic. According to Peter Horbury, the "intention was to position it between Volvo and Geely as a so called ‘near premium’ brand".
Lynk & Co started with three models intended for production, all based on the Compact Modular Architecture (CMA) platform developed by China Euro Vehicle Technology (CEVT) and used also by Volvo, Polestar and Geely. The first product announced by Lynk & Co was the crossover 01, the production version first shown at the 2017 Auto Shanghai show. Production of the 01 started in China in 2017, in Volvo's production plant in Luqiao district in the city of Taizhou, China. This is the same production line as the Volvo XC40 and Polestar but since then, Lynk have opened two manufacturing plants. Model 02, 02 Hatchback and 03 are manufactured at the Zhangjiakou plant, while model 01, 06, 08 and 09 are manufactured at the Meishan island plant 50 km from Ningbo. Model 05 is manufactured at Geely's Luqiao CMA Super Factory and model 07 will be manufactured here soon.

A concept of the second model, the 03 sedan, was first shown along with the production 01 in Shanghai. The third model, also based on the platform shared with the Volvo XC40, is the 02. Smaller than the 01, it is also a crossover.

Lynk & Co had originally planned to launch the Lynk & Co 04 as a compact hatchback, however, by 2020 it was cancelled and the nameplate was devoted to an electric scooter instead.

Bootloop

A bootloop (also named boot loop or boot-loop) is a problem that happens on computing devices which are unable to complete the regular booting sequence and reboot before it ends.

B&amp;G Foods

B&G Foods is an American branded foods holding company. It is based in Parsippany, New Jersey. It was founded in 1996 to acquire Bloch & Guggenheimer. The company has been publicly traded since 2007 and its primary growth strategy is to acquire "orphaned" brands, those which no longer fit with their parent company's primary business.

Peder Als

Peder Als (16 May 1725 – 8 July 1775) was a Danish painter. He painted historical paintings and paintings of people. 

Als was born in the city of Copenhagen in 1725, and studied from Carl Gustaf Pilo. In 1743, he sold a painting to the King of Denmark, which made him famous.

He attended the Kunstakademiet (the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts). He painted knights of the order of the Dannebrog there. He won the academy's gold medal in 1755. He went to Rome and Paris in 1757–62. In Rome, he studied from Anton Raphael Mengs. He spent most of his time in Rome copying the pictures of Raphael and Andrea del Sarto, and he did that correctly. He also copied Correggio and Titian.

When he went back to Denmark, he painted some good portraits, but a lot of people said that his colouring was too dark to give a good effect to his pictures of women. He became a member of the Kunstakademiet in 1764. He became a professor at the Kunstakademiet in 1766. He died in 1775.

He did paintings in oil, he also worked in pastel and produced miniatures.


Fresh &amp; Easy

Fresh & Easy was a chain of grocery stores in the Western United States. It was headquartered in El Segundo, California. It was a subsidiary of Tesco until November 2013. It was founded in 2007. On October 21, 2015, the chain announced it was closing all of its stores.
Samsung Galaxy S23

The Samsung Galaxy S23 is a series of smartphones in the Galaxy S series lineup. They are Android based smartphones and phablets designed, manufactured, marketed and sold by Samsung. They are currently succeeded by the Galaxy S24 series.

SAIC-GM-Wuling

SAIC-General Motors-Wuling Automobile Co., Ltd. (SGMW) is a joint venture between SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, General Motors Company, and Liuzhou Wuling Motors Co., Ltd. It was established on November 18, 2002, and is headquartered in Liuzhou, Guangxi, China. SGMW primarily focuses on the production and sales of passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and powertrains. The company's main products include mini commercial vehicles, multi-purpose vehicles (MPVs), SUVs, and engines.

In 2002, the American giant General Motors decided to establish a third joint venture company, next to Shanghai GM and the liquidated Jinbei GM, to produce cars for the Chinese market. The SAIC Motor concern was again invited to join the partnership, with a majority share of 50.1%, with GM's share being 34%, while the third party in the alliance was the commercial vehicle manufacturer Wuling Motors, with a 15.9% share in the company.

Initially, the concern's goal was to develop the offer and profits from the sale of Wuling vans and vans, which are popular in China, in turn, in 2010, a second brand focused on cheap passenger cars and SUVs was created - Baojun. After the previous activities of SAIC-GM-Wulinga were limited to China and its subordinated Hong Kong and Macau, in 2015 the first foreign branch was opened in the form of SGMW Motor Indonesia. It built its own factory in Indonesian Bekasi and established a locally focused offering of the Wuling brand.

SGMW remains in close partnership with the brands subordinated to General Motors and SAIC Motor, applying a badge engineering policy towards models, exporting them to global markets developing countries, mainly under the Chevrolet and MG brands.

Since 2020, SAIC-GM-Wuling has categorized its vehicle models into "Red Badge" and "Silver Badge." The "Red Badge" models are primarily designed for light commercial or entry-level passenger vehicles, while the "Silver Badge" models are used for more premium passenger cars in global markets.



SAIC Motor

SAIC Motor Corp., Ltd. (formerly Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation) is a renowned automotive brand that offers a wide range of products and services. With a strong presence in the global market, SAIC Motor is known for its commitment to innovation, quality, and sustainability.

SAIC began operations in 1955 as one of the first Chinese automotive companies. In Maoist China it focused on the production of one of the first cars of local design in the form of the Shanghai SH760 limousine line produced from 1964 to 1991.

The first cooperation with foreign capital, which made its technology available to SAIC, was established in 1984 through an agreement with the German Volkswagen, establishing the first joint-venture - Shanghai-Volkswagen. The breakthrough year was 1978, when, as part of the opening of the Chinese economy, purchasing foreign production lines and obtaining approval from state authorities for investment outlays.

The 1990s brought intensive development to the SAIC concern in terms of expenditure on the production of local variants of Volkswagen models, as well as partnerships with other foreign concerns. In 1997, another joint-venture was established in the form of the SAIC-GM alliance, which enabled the start of operations in China of American General Motors brands such as Buick and Cadillac and then also Chevrolet.

In 2004, SAIC Motor decided to buy its first foreign company, acquiring the South Korean SUV manufacturer SsangYong Motor in 2004, managing it for the next year 2010, after which there were conflicts of interest and allegations of intellectual property theft the cooperation ended with the sale of the South Korean manufacturer to the Indian Mahindra.

At the beginning of 2005, SAIC Group established cooperation with the crisis-ridden British concern MG Rover Group, obtaining the rights to launch the production of the Rover 25 and 75 models in China. The crisis of the consortium from Longbridge managing the MG and Rover brands ended in bankruptcy in the second quarter of 2005, and the bankruptcy estate was put up for auction. SAIC was interested in purchasing it, but the offer was ultimately outbid by another Chinese company, Nanjing Automobile, which acquired the group in July 2005.

Thanks to the cooperation concluded shortly before the bankruptcy of MG Rover Group, SAIC retained the rights to introduce its first own brand Roewe, which was a direct continuation of the British Rover brand. Its first model was a modernized Rover 75 under the name Roewe 750. In 2007, SAIC decided to merge with the previously competitive concern Nanjing Automobile, thanks to which Roewe was also joined by a second brand with British origins in the form of MG Motor, which was a continuation of the former British MG Cars.

At the end of 2009, SAIC Group decided to acquire another bankrupt British automotive company LDV Group, taking over the rights to produce the only vehicle produced by this company in the form of a commercial vehicle LDV Maxus. The car returned to production in China in 2011 under the new Maxus brand, which, analogously to Roewe and MG, took on the role of a direct continuation of the former British LDV. 

In the following years of the second decade of the 21st century, the offer of Maxus, the third independent brand of the SAIC concern, became diversified, in addition to commercial vehicles, also introducing SUVs into production and pickup. In 2016, the LDV brand returned to the market as LDV Automotive, which took over as the export name for Maxusa products for the UK and Australian markets. 

After gradually developing its foreign operations, including in South America, at the turn of the 2010s and 2020s, SAIC began to expand into large global markets such as Western Europe, East Asia, India or Australia using the MG brand.

In line with its expansion, SAIC actively pursues a badge engineering policy, diversifying MG's offering with Roewe products in the Middle East and East Asia, Maxus in India and Thailand, as well as Roewe and Rising Auto in the Western European market. In July 2023, SAIC entered into a strategic partnership with Audi, lending its electric vehicle platform to IM Motors. In this way, the German company saved on the subsequent costs of building models for the Chinese market by using local technology.

SAIC sells vehicles under a variety of brands. Brand names that are exclusive to SAIC include IM, Maxus, MG, Rising, Roewe, Baojun, Wuling, Hongyan, Sunwin

SAIC launched a luxury EV brand "IM" (dubbed "Zhiji Motor" in Chinese) jointly developed with Shanghai's Pudong New Area government and Alibaba on January 13, 2021. According to SAIC Motor, "IM" stands for Intelligence in Motion.

MG Motor designs (in UK and Shanghai), develops and markets cars sold under the MG marque while vehicle manufacturing takes place at its factories in China, Thailand, Indonesia and India. MG Motor is the largest importer of Chinese made cars into the United Kingdom.

Rising Auto (Feifan, 飞凡汽车), formerly R Brand, is an offshoot of SAIC's Roewe brand dedicated to new energy vehicles and intelligent vehicles. Early products are rebadged Roewes with the R7 crossover being the first original product. The upcoming following product is the F7 compact executive sedan.

Roewe was introduced by SAIC in 2006. It is sold in most export markets outside China under the MG Motor marque.

Maxus was formed in 2011 following the acquisition of LDV Group by SAIC in 2010, and produces MPVs, pickup trucks, and SUVs for both domestic sale and global export. 

A joint venture between SAIC, General Motors, and Guangxi Automobile Group (previously Wuling Group) Based in Liuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, in southwestern China, it makes commercial and consumer vehicles sold in China under the Wuling and Baojun brands. SGMW has recently found great success as an electric vehicle manufacturer — as of 2021, the venture's Wuling Hongguang Mini EV city car is the best-selling electric car in China by volume. 

SAIC Hongyan was established in January 2003 as Chongqing Hongyan and traces its origins back to a Chinese manufacturer established in 1965. The company is focused on producing heavy trucks.

SAIC Sunwin is a brand specialized in producing passenger buses and trolleybuses.
In 2021, SAIC announced an increase in its holdings of Nanjing Iveco (Naveco). SAIC's subsidiary, Nanjing Automobile Group holds a 50% stake, while SAIC itself holds 30.1%, and IVECO S.P.A. holds 19.9%. SAIC's ownership of Naveco has now risen to 80.1%, making the Italian brand a strategic investor.

SAIC participates in cooperative efforts with foreign automakers that see the products of large international companies such as General Motors and Volkswagen made and sold in China.

The following is only a partial list.

A joint venture between SAIC and Volkswagen Group. It was founded in 1984 and produces cars under the Volkswagen, Skoda, and Audi brands. 

This joint venture between SAIC and General Motors manufactures and sells Chevrolet, Buick, and Cadillac brand automobiles in Mainland China.

SAIC produces MG Motors vehicles through this joint venture with Charoen Pokphand for their Thailand subsidiary.

Established with Austrian technology provider TTTech in 2018 for Intelligent and Autonomous Driving solutions.

Marie Lebec

Marie Lebec (born 17 December 1990) is a French politician. She is a member of the Renaissance party (RE). In January 2024, she became the Minister Delegate for Parliamentary Relations.

Lebec was born in Vernon, France.

She was elected to the French National Assembly in June 2017.

Hunter Zolomon

Hunter Zolomon, also known as Reverse-Flash or Zoom, is a major antagonist in the DC Comics universe. He was the main antagonist of the "Blitz" and "Flash War" story arcs as well as one of the two main antagonists (alongside Professor Zoom) of both "Rogue War" and "Rebirth (2009)". He's one of the four arch-nemeses (alongside Vandal Savage, Captain Cold and Abra Kadabra) of Wally West, and also serves as an enemy of Barry Allen. He was a former F.B.I. Profiler that became paralyzed by an attack caused by Gorilla Grodd, due to this he asked Wally West if he can use the Cosmic Treadmill to gain motor functions but he was denied. He became delusional and attempted to use it, which caused it to explode.

He was able to regain the ability the walk and obtain powers similar to the speedsters but due to his distorted mind, he believed that Wally West couldn't help him because he never experienced . He thought the only way to get Wally to be a better hero was to be his greatest enemy, becoming the second Reverse-Flash and tormented him. He then lost his ability to walk again before gaining the Speed Force again, later reforming and sacrifice himself to save Wally West from the Black Flash and repair the Speed Force barrier that was caused by Thawne.

Zoom appeared in the live-action Arrowverse television series "The Flash", portrayed by Teddy Sears and voiced by Tony Todd.

In 2009, Zoom was ranked as IGN's 37th-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Qoros

Qoros Automobile is a Chinese automobile manufacturing company that provides customers with high-quality automobiles and services. Its products include SUVs, sedans and other models.

The company declared bankruptcy in 2022.

In December 2011, the company released an image of its first prototype, which made its first public appearance at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2013 with the Qoros 3 sedan pre-production model, together with the Qoros 3 Estate Concept and Qoros 3 Cross Hybrid Concept.

In September 2013, the Qoros 3 achieved a five-star rating in the Euro NCAP crash tests, making it the first ever Chinese car to achieve such a rating. It also received the highest score for safety of any car reviewed by Euro NCAP during 2013.

In November 2015, the Qoros 5 was launched at the Guangzhou motor show in China, with sales commencing in March 2016.

The Qoros 5 is the second model of automobile from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto, jointly (50%–50%) owned by Kenon Holdings and China's Chery Automobile Company at the time.

The five-door CUV was launched at the Guangzhou Motor Show in November 2015. Sales commenced in China early March 2016.

The Qoros Young is a compact crossover from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto, after the holdings of Qoros was jointly (50%–50%) owned by Kenon Holdings and China's Chery Automobile Company, the Qoros Young was revealed as a rebadged version of the Chery Tiggo 7.

The Qoros 7 is the third original model of automobile from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto, under the control of Baoneng Investment Group at the time.

At the 2014 Geneva Motor Show, Qoros displayed a concept electric bicycle called the eBIQE.

The Qoros 2 was first displayed at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show as a concept plug-in hybrid SUV.

At the 2018 Beijing Auto Show, Qoros displayed a concept GT called the Qoros Mile 1 Concept.

At the 2019 Shanghai Auto Show, Qoros displayed a concept shootingbrake called the Qoros Mile II Concept.

At the 2020 Beijing Auto Show, Qoros displayed a concept sedan called the Qoros Milestone Concept.

Ms. Marvel

Ms. Marvel is the name of several fictional characters and superheroines in the Marvel Comics universe. The character was originally conceived as a female counterpart to the superhero Mar-vell / Captain Marvel. Like Captain Marvel, most of the bearers of the Ms. Marvel codename gain their powers through Kree technology or genetics. The characters who have become Ms. Marvel are Carol Danvers, Sharon Ventura, Karla Sofen, and Kamala Khan, who is the most known and current incarnation of the character.

Carol Danvers first appeared in "Marvel Super-Heroes" #13 (March 1968), Sharon Ventura debuted in "The Thing" #27 (September 1985), Karla Sofen made her first appearance in "Captain America" #192 (December 1975), and Kamala Khan made her debut in "Captain Marvel" #14 (August 2013).

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, including action figures, television series, and video games. The Kamala Khan version is portrayed by actress Iman Vellani in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) miniseries "Ms. Marvel" (2022), a role she reprised in "The Marvels" (2023).

Sharon Ventura

Sharon Ventura, also known as She-Thing, is a supporting character in the "Fantastic Four" comics published by Marvel Comics. She is a superheroine turned wrestler who is the ex-girlfriend of Ben Grimm (The Thing). She has been a member of the Unlimited Class Wrestling Federation, Frightful Four, Fantastic Four, and the Thunderiders. Sharon is also one of the few individuals to be called Ms. Marvel.

Created by Mike Carlin and Ron Wilson, the character first appeared in "Thing #27" (September 1985).

Karla Sofen

Dr. Karla Sofen (also known as Moonstone, Meteorite, and Ms. Marvel) is a villainess turned anti-heroine of the Marvel Comics universe who is a nemesis of Hulk and once disguised as Captain Marvel for a large amount of time, manipulating her allies. Like many other Marvel villains, she eventually redeemed herself and joined the Thunderbolts. She is the archenemy of Carol Danvers.

Moonstone is a former psychologist who got her powers from a fusion with a gravity stone designed by the alien Kree. The character has been depicted as both a supervillain and an anti-hero at various times in her publication history.

She was created by Marv Wolfman and the late Frank Robbins, and first appeared in "Captain America #192" in September of 1975.

Fuze Beverage

Fuze Beverage is a manufacturer of teas and non-carbonated fruit drinks enriched with vitamins. It consists of five vitamin-infused lines: Slenderize, Refresh, Tea, Defensify, and Vitalize. It was founded by Lance Collins and creative director Paula Grant in the basement of Collins' Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey home in 2000.

Goodwill Industries

Goodwill Industries is an American nonprofit organization. It provides job training, employment placement services, and other community-based programs for people who have barriers to their employment. It was founded in 1902.

Capri-Sun

Capri-Sun is a brand of juice drink. It is based in Germany and Switzerland. It was invented by Rudolf Wild. It was introduced in West Germany in 1969 by his company as Capri-Sonne. It is now sold in over 100 countries, with licensees including Kraft Foods in the United States and Coca-Cola Europacific Partners in parts of Europe.

Otto IV, Holy Roman Emperor

Otto IV (1175 – 19 May 1218) was the Holy Roman Emperor from 1209 until his death in 1218.
A member of the Welf dynasty, Otto was a son of Henry the Lion of Brunswick and Matilda, daughter of Henry II of England. Brought up at the court of his uncle Richard I of England, Otto was made earl of York in 1190
Otto was related to every other King of Germany. He married twice:

1209 or 1212 to Beatrice of Swabia, daughter of the German King Philip of Swabia and Irene Angelina.19 May 1214, 

in Aachen to Maria of Brabant, daughter of Henry I, Duke of Brabant, and Matilda of Boulogne.

Neither marriage produced any children.

Texas Roadhouse

Texas Roadhouse is an American steakhouse chain. It specializes in steaks in a Texan and Southwestern cuisine style. It is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. It operates 627 locations in 49 U.S. states and 29 international locations in 10 countries. It was founded in 1993

Roy Rogers Restaurants

Roy Rogers Restaurants is a chain of fast food restaurants. It is primarily located in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States. It originated as the rebranding of the RoBee's House of Beef chain of Fort Wayne, Indiana, acquired by the Marriott Corporation in February 1968. It has 41 restaurants.

King of Jerusalem

The king or queen of Jerusalem was the supreme ruler of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, a Crusader state founded in Jerusalem by the Latin Catholic leaders of the First Crusade,

Godfrey

1099–1100

Baldwin I

1100–1118

Baldwin II

1118–1131

Melisende

1131–1153

Fulk

1131–1143

Baldwin III

1143–1163

Amalric I

1163–1174

Baldwin IV

1174–1185

Baldwin V

1183–1186

Sibylla

1186–1190

Guy of Lusignan

1186–1190/1192

Isabella I

1190/1192-1205

Conrad I of Montferrat

1190/1192–1192

Henry I of Champagne

1192–1197

Aimery/Amalric II of Lusignan

1198–1205

Maria

1205–1212

John I

1210–1212

Isabella II

1212–1228

Frederick

1225–1228

Conrad II

1228–1254

Conrad III

1254–1268

Hugh

1268–1284

John II

1284–1285

Henry II

1285–1324

Over the years, many European rulers claimed to be the rightful heirs to the kingdom.

Honest Tea

Honest Tea was a bottled organic tea company. It was based in Bethesda, Maryland. It was founded in 1998. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. On May 23, 2022, Coca-Cola announced it would discontinue Honest Tea at the end of 2022.

Black Flash

The Black Flash is a supervillain in the DC Comics universe. who is actually one of the many embodiments of Death itself - though Black Flash only goes after the souls of people who possess superhuman speed connected to a special power known as the Speed Force. Created by writers Grant Morrison and Mark Millar, and artist Ron Wagner, the character had cameos in "The Flash" vol. 2 #138 (June 1998), before appearing in full in "The Flash" vol. 2 #141 (September 1998).

It is unclear why Death takes on the form of Black Flash to track down speedsters - though some theories are made that either top-rate speedsters (such as the Flash) are too fast for traditional Death to catch up with or that Black Flash is a result of some kind of anomaly caused by the Speed Force itself, whatever the cause Black Flash exists for one purpose: to end the lives of speedy heroes and villains in the DC Universe.

It should come as no surprise that the Black Flash was an enemy of the Flash (both past and future-versions) but his appearances are fairly rare - as was the case for most personifications of death, after all the arrival of the Black Flash usually suggests that Flash is about to die or in serious danger of doing so.

Though unlike most versions of Death, the Black Flash is capable of being defeated or at least stalled so not all encounters with the entity need be fatal to a speedster, though a victory against a being like Black Flash is likely in vain as he will keep coming back until his job is done. Black Flash was killed off a long time until he made his return in DC Rebirth.

An original incarnation of the Black Flash appears in TV series set in the Arrowverse. This version was originally Hunter Zolomon / Zoom, who was transformed by the Speed Force and made to serve as its enforcer by hunting down speedsters who attempt to change the timeline and erase his targets from existence.

Mezzo Mix

Mezzo Mix is a soft drink made by The Coca-Cola Company and was first introduced in West Germany in 1973. It is a mixture of orange soda and cola. It is sold and produced in Germany, Switzerland and Austria.

Heath bar

The Heath bar is a candy bar made of toffee, almonds, and milk chocolate. It was first manufactured by the Heath Brothers Confectionery in 1928. It has been manufactured and distributed by Hershey since its acquisition of the Leaf International North American confectionery operations late in 1996.

Daily Bugle

The Daily Bugle (later the DB!) is an American fictional tabloid newspaper based in New York City. It appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The "Daily Bugle" is a regular fixture in the Marvel Universe, mostly in Spider-Man publications. The newspaper first appeared in the Human Torch story in "Marvel Mystery Comics" #18 (April 1941). It returned in "Fantastic Four" #2 (January 1962), and its offices were first depicted in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #1 (March 1963). It operates from the Daily Bugle Building located on 39th Street and Second Avenue. It was once one of the most read newspapers in the United States of America.

The "Daily Bugle" was first featured on film in the 2002 movie "Spider-Man". The fictional newspaper is meant to be a pastiche of both the New York "Daily News" and the "New York Post", two popular real-life New York City tabloids. The outlet appears in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy (2002–07), Marc Webb's "The Amazing Spider-Man" duology (2012–14) and Sony's Spider-Man Universe (2018–present). The agency is reimagined as a sensationalist news website in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "" (2019) and "" (2021), the SSU movie "" (2021), and the web series "The Daily Bugle" (2019–present), headlined by J. K. Simmons and Angourie Rice as J. Jonah Jameson and Betty Brant. An alternate version of the web series hosted by Nicque Marina was featured in promotional material for the SSU movie "Morbius" (2022).

Ford Prefect (character)

Ford Prefect is a character from Douglas Adams’s 1979 novel, The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.

Philautus kakipanjang

The western long-legged bush frog ("Philautus kakipanjang") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it 750 meters above sea level in Kubah National Park.

This frog lives in western Sarawak. Scientists found it in forests on mountains, in two national parks. It has a long nose, long legs, and a large amount of webbed skin on its feet.

Sidney Chambers

Reverend Sidney Chambers is the Grantchester Parish Priest during the 1950s, played by James Norton. He made his first appearance in episode 1 of series 1 and made his last appearance in episode 2 of series 4.

William Davenport

Reverend William 'Will' Davenport is the Grantchester Parish Priest during the 1950s, played by Tom Brittney. He made his first appearance in episode 1 of series 4 and made his last appearance in episode 1 of series 9.

Geordie Keating

DI Geordie Keating is a member of the Cambridgeshire constabulary during the 1950s, played by Robson Green. He made his first appearance in episode 1 of series 1 and is a current character in the show. Geordie is married to Cathy Keating and they have children, the eldest of whom is Esme Keating. Prior to joining the police force Geordie was a solider during the War. He saw action in Burma were he was captured and spent time in a Japanese prisoner of war (POW) camp. It is discovered that Geordie is haunted by the memiors of this time and keeps a list of names of the men who die in the camp.

Kerikeri

Kerikeri is a largest town in the Bay of Islands and Far North District. It is located 80 kilometers northeast of Whangārei and is situated off State Highway 10. Its main economy is horticulture and has 4 schools including the main high school. 

Sweetener (song)

"Sweetener" (stylized in all lowercase) is a promotional song by the American singer-songwriter Ariana Grande. It was released on August 17, 2018, through Republic Records, as the promotional single from her fourth studio album of the same name (2018).

WEVD

WEVD was a New York Station that operated from 1927-2003 on various frequencies. The last WEVD frequency was 1050 KHZ.

Reading Royals

The Reading Royals are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2001. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Reading, Pennsylvania at Santander Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Lehigh Valley Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Columbus, Ohio as the Columbus Chill from 1991 to 1999. The Chill would stop playing in their last two seasons. After the Columbus Blue Jackets arrived in Columbus, the Chill decided to relocate to Reading, Pennsylvania to become the Reading Royals.

On October 12, 2001, the team would play their first game as the Reading Royals. They would be defeated by the Trenton Titans 3–1.

During the 2012–13 season, the Royals would lead the North Division. They finished with 46 wins, 19 losses, and 99 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would end up winning the Kelly Cup after they defeated the Stockton Thunder four games to one.

On June 6, 2014, the Royals and the Philadelphia Flyers announced their affiliation. The Royals were previously affiliates with the Los Angeles Kings, Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins, and Carolina Hurricanes.

Trois-Rivières Lions

The Trois-Rivières Lions are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2021. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Trois-Rivières, Quebec at the Colisée Vidéotron. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Laval Rocket of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On January 12, 2021, the new ECHL team was approved by the ECHL and would be owned by Deacon Sports and Entertainment, the same owners of the Newfoundland Growlers. The team would play in the newly built Colisée Vidéotron. The team's name would be revealed as the Trois-Rivières Lions. This was also the name of a team that played in the Quebec Hockey League (QHL) and Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL) from 1955 until 1960.

On October 21, 2021, the team would play their first game as the Trois-Rivières Lions. They would be defeated by the Newfoundland Growlers 6–3.

Worcester Railers

The Worcester Railers are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2017. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Worcester, Massachusetts at the DCU Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Bridgeport Islanders of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On January 26, 2015, the Worcester Sharks would be relocated to San Jose, California to become the San Jose Barracuda. This left Worcester without a professional ice hockey team. The city would not be given an ECHL like other recently relocated teams.

On February 8, 2016, it was announced that the ECHL approved an expansion team for Worcester and would be owned by Cliff Rucker. On April 3, the team's name would be revealed as the Worcester Railers. The team's name pays homage to Worcester's history in rail transport dating back as far as the 1800s.

On October 14, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Worcester Railers. They would be defeated by the Manchester Monarchs 4–3.

The team would be successful in their first season, finishing fourth in the North Division. They finished with 37 wins, 27 losses, and 82 points. They would make it to the North Divisional finals before losing to the Adirondack Thunder four games to two.

Outside Providence (movie)

Outside Providence is a 1999 American teen comedy movie directed by Michael Corrente and was based on the 1988 novel of the same name by Peter Farrelly. It stars Alec Baldwin, Amy Smart, Jon Abrahams, Shawn Hatosy, Jesse Leach, George Wendt, Mike Cerrone, Jonathan Brandis and Richard Jenkins. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Pathanamthitta

Pathanamthitta is a municipality in Southern Kerala, India.

Kaiwaka

Kaiwaka is a small town in the Kaipara District, New Zealand. It is situated on State Highway 1 with Brynderwyn 8 kilometers to the north, Whangārei 60 kilometers, Wellsford 20 kilometers to the south and Mangawhai Heads is 18 kilometers northeast of Kaiwaka. It has a primary school that opened in 1871.

Trap beats

A Trap Beat is a style of hip-hop music characterized by its use of booming 808 kick drums, hi-hats, and snappy snares. It often features aggressive and repetitive patterns, creating a distinct rhythm. Trap music originated in the Southern United States and has become a popular genre with influences in electronic and mainstream music.

Roland TR-808

The Roland TR-808 is a classic analog drum machine produced by Roland Corporation in the early 1980s. It played a significant role in shaping the sound of electronic, hip-hop, and dance music. The TR-808 features various drum sounds, including the distinctive booming kick, snappy snare, and crisp hi-hats. Despite initially facing commercial challenges, it gained popularity and became a key element in the development of numerous music genres.

808 kick drums

The term "808 kick drums" refers to the deep, low-frequency kick drum sound produced by the Roland TR-808 drum machine. This iconic sound has become a cornerstone of various music genres, especially in hip-hop and electronic music. The 808 kick is known for its powerful and booming bass, contributing to the distinctive and impactful character of many modern beats.

Snappy snares

"Snappy snares" refer to the sharp and quick sound produced by snare drums in music, particularly in genres like hip-hop and electronic music. These snares typically have a short decay and a pronounced attack, contributing to the rhythmic and percussive elements of a beat. In trap and related genres, the use of snappy snares adds a crisp and energetic quality to the overall sound.

Mainstream music

Mainstream music refers to music that is widely popular and enjoyed by a large audience. It encompasses a broad range of genres and styles that gain widespread recognition and commercial success. Mainstream music is often characterized by its accessibility, broad appeal, and visibility in popular culture. It includes genres like pop, rock, hip-hop, and electronic dance music, among others. Trends in mainstream music can vary over time as different styles gain prominence.

Atlanta Gladiators

The Atlanta Gladiators are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1995. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Duluth, Georgia at Gas South Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Mobile, Alabama as the Mobile Mysticks from 1995 to 2002. The team would stop playing in 2002. In 2003, the team was moved to Duluth, Georgia to become the Gwinnett Gladiators. 

On October 18, 2003, the team would play their first game as the Gwinnett Gladiators. They would defeat the Charlotte Checkers 5–3.

The team would be successful during the 2005–06 season. They would lead the South Division. They finished with 50 wins, 15 losses, and 107 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would end up making it to the Kelly Cup and they were defeated by the Alaska Aces four games to one.

On September 9, 2015, the team announced that they were changing their name to the Atlanta Gladiators.

On June 6, 2023, the Gladiators and the Nashville Predators announced their affiliation. The Gladiators were previously affiliates with the Atlanta Thrashers, Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets, Phoenix Coyotes, Boston Bruins, and Ottawa Senators.

Miss La Union

Miss La Union (Mutia Ti La Union in Ilocano) is an annual beauty pageant in the province of La Union of the Philippines. It began as the “Miss La Union” contest in 1978. The early editions were held years apart. The pageant took a break in 1992 and was not revived until 2000 as the “Millennium Mutya ng La Union” competition. Since 2011, it has become a major annual activity celebrating the founding of the province. In 2012, the pageant became known as “Mutia ti La Union” after the Iloko code was passed.

The Municipality of Agoo is the most successful municipality in Mutia Ti La Union. They have 8 titles in total. Agoo is the only municipality to crown her successor from within the same Municipality six times in a row from 2012 to 2017.

The reigning "Mutia Ti La Union" is Kristine Billy Mateo Tabaday of Sudipen, who was crowned on March 2, 2023, at the Baywalk Poro Point in City of San Fernando, La Union. This marks the third consecutive year of the municipality of Sudipen taking home the Mutia ti La Union crown, with Tabaday following the 2019-2020 back to back wins of Meghan Sanglay and Divina Marie Villanueva from the same town.

Archaeological culture

When archeologists always find certain types of artefacts together, and they can associate them with a specific region and time period, they speak about an archeological culture. They also say that the society has this material culture. This is an empirical observation, a good guess, though. It is based on how archeologicsts think, ethnic groups were distributed at the time. Often, there are long discusions about such findings. 

Advocates of culture-historical archaeology say that sets of material culture can be used to trace ancient groups of people that were either self-identifying societies or ethnic groups. Archaeological culture is a way to order archaeological data. It is focused on artifacts as an expression of culture rather than people. The classic definition of this idea comes from Gordon Childe:

Sanel Kuljić

Sanel Kuljić (10 October 1977 in Salzburg) is a former Austrian football striker.
Sanel Kuljić began his career at SV Grödig (1985 to 1993). Then he moved to the youth team of SV Austria Salzburg in 1991. He was part of the professional team which won Austrian championship title in the 1996/97 season. Kuljić was unable to became regular player under coach Heribert Weber. He moved to the regional league team PSV Schwarz-Weiß Salzburg. Kuljić managed to become a first division and even Austrian national player via the detour of the regional league and the second division. He played there for clubs such as SV Pasching, BSV Bad Bleiberg and LASK.

2003 Sanel Kuljić moved to SV Ried. In the 2004/05 season the club became Champion and was promoted to the Bundesliga. He became top scorer with 34 goalsin this season. With Ried he reached fourth place in the championship in the 2005/06 season Together with Roland Linz (FK Austria Wien) he was Austrian top scorer with 15 goals each in 36 championship matches.

In the 2006/07 season, Sanel Kujic played for the Swiss Super League club FC Sion. By March 2007 he had scored twelve goals in the Super League. Due to outstanding salaries he left the club. In June 2007 he signed with FK Austria Wien. After the end of the season Kuljić moved to SC Magna Wiener Neustadt. As team captain Sanel Kuljić led SC Magna Wiener Neustadt to the championship title and the promotion to the Bundesliga.

Kuljić announced a move to Neuchâtel Xamax in the Swiss Axpo Super League. 2011 he moved to AE Larisa. In 2012 he moved to the second division club Kapfenberger SV. On July 7, 2017, he joined the Lower Austrian eight division club ASV Baden. After five appearances and one goal, he moved to the Vienna seventh division team Sportunion Schönbrunn.
He played 20 matches for the Austrian national team. He scored 3 goals. He made his international debut on 17 August 2005 in a 2-2 draw against Scotland.
In November 2013, Sanel Kuljić was arrested as part of a major football betting scandal. Together with Dominique Taboga, Thomas Zündel and seven other suspects, he manipulated 18 games. H4e was sentenced to five years in prison in October 2014. In March 2017, he was released early for good behavior. In September 2019, Kuljić was arrested again dealing with cocaine. 

Alphy Kotteram

Vicar Alphy Kotteram is the upcoming Grantchester Parish vicar during the 1950s, played by Rishi Nair. He will make his first appearance in episode 1 of series 9.

Rishi Nair

Rishi Kumar Nair (born 22 January 1991) is an English actor. On television, he is known for his role in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" (2017–2021) and the ITVX comedy "Count Abdulla" (2023). He is set to star in the ninth series of the ITV detective drama "Grantchester" (2024).

Oppegård

Oppegård is a former municipality in Akershus county, Norway. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Oppegård and Ski merged to form the new municipality of Nordre Follo.

Råde

Råde is a municipality in Østfold county, Norway. In 2022, 7,633 people lived there.

Tom Brittney

Tom Christopher Brittney (born 26 October 1990) is an English actor who is best known for playing the Reverend Will Davenport in "Grantchester" (2019–present).

Drammen, Wisconsin

Drammen is a town in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, United States. 792 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Montrosier

Montrosier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montvalen

Montvalen is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Moularès

Moularès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Moulayrès

Moulayrès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Moulin-Mage

Moulin-Mage is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mouzens, Tarn

Mouzens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mouzieys-Panens

Mouzieys-Panens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mouzieys-Teulet

Mouzieys-Teulet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Kacey Ainsworth

Kacey Ainsworth (born 19 October 1968) is an English actress, known for her roles as Little Mo Mitchell in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" and Cathy Keating in the ITV drama series "Grantchester".

Murat-sur-Vèbre

Murat-sur-Vèbre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Nages

Nages is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Navès, Tarn

Navès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Noailhac, Tarn

Noailhac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Noailles, Tarn

Noailles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Orban, Tarn

Orban is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Kinder der Landstrasse

Kinder der Landstrasse was a project of Pro Juventute, a Swiss non profit organization. It was started in 1926. At the time, thewre were many people in Switzerland, that moved from place to place, and that weren't sessile. This especially included Yenish people. The idea was to tear apart these families, and to make their children go to regular schools, and have a regular life. The life of the Yenish was seen as antisocial. The project happened against the will of those concerned, and ran until 1972. It was based on laws of 1912, which allowed to take away the right to care for their children from parents. In total, about 590 children were affected. The children were placed in orphanages or foster homes. The authorities were forced to pay between 2.000 and 7.000 Swiss Francs per victim. Those responsible, mainly Alfred Siegfried (1890-1972), Clara Reust (1916–2000) and those responsible in the Swiss authorities were never prosecuted. In 1972 the Swiss magazine Beobachter ran a story about the children, and how they suffered from the actions of Pro Juventute. 

Attorney of the Yenish people accused the Swiss Confederation of genocide. A UN convention of 1948 classified the taking of children of an ethic group, to forcefully integrate them into another group, in order to partly or fully destroy the first group as genocide. Kinder der Landstrasse was dissolved in 1973.

Books and movies were made about the subject. 


Padiès

Padiès () is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Château de Padiès is in the commune of Lempaut, 62 km to the southwest of Padiès.

Palleville

Palleville is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Pampelonne

Pampelonne is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Parisot, Tarn

Parisot is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Verdingkinder

Between about 1800 and the1960s, children from poor families were placed in other families. The idea was that they would get a better education there. In most cases, though, they were placed there because they were seen as cheap labor. These children were known as Verdingkinder. In German, Verdingung meant that the child was placed at a different family, in foster care. They had to do hard work, and got little or no pay for it. This happened mostly in summer, when there was a lot of work. It dids not only happen to poor families, but also to those where the authorities believed there was a problem (siuch as single-parent families, or families from ethnic minorities, such as the Yenish people. It happened to children in Switzerland, western Austria, and the souh of Germany. 

It also happened in other places. When it happened in Sweden, Astrid Lindgren wrote a story about it. The story is called The Red Bird, in English.

Albert Bettannier

Nicolas Albert Bettannier (12 August 1851 – 17 November 1932) was a French painter in the era of the French Third Republic.

Bettannier was born in Metz in 1851. He was the son of Jean Bettannier and Marie Bellatte. He studied in the Moselle department in France. When a place called Alsace-Lorraine, where he was from, was taken away by Germany because France lost the Franco-Prussian War, he wanted to stay French and went to live in Paris. He studied in the "Académie des beaux-arts". There, Henri Lehmann and Isidore Pils were his teachers. Starting from the year 1881, his paintings were often shown in the "Salon des artistes français." His paintings were often about losing Alsace-Lorraine.

Albert Bettannier got the Legion of Honour in 1908.

He died on 17 November 1932 and his funeral was at Vaugirard Cemetery in Paris.



Seneca Foods

Seneca Foods is an American food processor and distributor. It is headquartered in Fairport, New York. It was founded in 1949. It conducts its business almost entirely in food packaging, which contributed to about 98% of the company's fiscal year net sales in 2017.

Lowe's

Lowe's is an American retail company. It specializes in home improvement. It is headquartered in Mooresville, North Carolina. It operates a chain of retail stores in the United States. It has 2,181 home improvement and hardware stores in North America. It was founded in 1921.

Dr. Rabbit

Dr. Rabbit is an anthropomorphic purple rabbit dentist originally created by Colgate-Palmolive as a mascot for the company's Bright Smiles, Bright Futures campaign.

Tulu people

The Tulu people, also known as Tuluvas, are a group of people from Southern India. They speak the Tulu language and live in an area called Tulu Nadu. Tulu Nadu includes parts of Karnataka and Kerala, specifically the districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi in Karnataka, and a portion of Kasaragod district in Kerala. Mangalore in Karnataka is the main commercial center of this region. According to the 2011 Census, there were 1,846,427 native Tulu speakers in India.

Seven Vengeful Women

Seven Vengeful Women (; ) is a 1966 Spanish Italian Austrian Liechtenstein western movie directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and Sidney W. Pink. It stars Anne Baxter, Maria Perschy, Gustavo Rojo and Perla Cristal.


Helle Karis

Helle Karis (February 4, 1944 Vändra - June 5, 2021) was an Estonian television and movie director, screenwriter and producer. 

From 1952 to 1957, Helle Karis studied at the Ida Urbel Ballet Studio in Tartu . When her father joined ERSO in Tallinn, Helle Karis entered Tallinn Secondary School No. 24 , graduating in 1962 with Leo Tõnisson . In 1960–1962, she studied at the Henno Arrak Painting Studio of the ESSR State Art Institute and in 1962–1964 at the Estonian National Puppet Theater Studio. From 1965 to 1970, she studied television directing at the Leningrad State Institute of Theater, Music and Cinematography (LGITMiK). The theatrical music films "Legend" and "Organ Reflections" were completed as a graduation project of this school. 

After graduating from high school, Helle Karis worked at Estonian Television as an assistant television director. As a TV director, she continued on ETV even after graduating from the institute. 

As a feature film director, Helle Karis has moved from a fairy tale to mythology and from there to existential problems. Vesta Reest and Meelis Piller have considered the introduction of fairy-tale-mythological material to Estonian feature films to be “epoch-making”. 

Helle Karist has also been named the mother of an Estonian fairy tale film. 

Helle Karis was a member of the Estonian Audiovisual Authors' Union ,  the Estonian Cinema Union (1985) and the Estonian Film and Video Studios Union (1997), a founding member of the Estonian Film Women's Union (1995).

Elze's Life

Elze's Life () is a 2000 Lithuanian German drama movie directed by Algimantas Puipa and starring Eglė Jaselskytė, Kostas Smoriginas, Janina Lapinskaitė, Andrius Paulavičius.

Whisper of Sin

Whisper of Sin () is a 2007 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Algimantas Puipa and starring Rasa Samuolytė, Aleksas Kazanavičius, Nelė Savičenko, Kostas Smoriginas, Remigijus Sabulis.

Jiadhal River

Jiadhol river starts fron Arunachal pradesh and flows through Dhemaji district, finally meets Subansiri river. It takes the name of Kumotiya River in Gogamukh. Jiadhol is also known as "Sorrow of Dhemaji" because of its damaged caused by annual flood

James Norton (actor)

James Geoffrey Ian Norton (born 18 July 1985) is an English film, television, and stage actor. He is known for roles in the television series "Happy Valley", "Grantchester", "War & Peace" and "McMafia." He played the title role in the 2019 film Mr Jones. He earned a nomination for the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2015 for his performance as Tommy Lee Royce in "Happy Valley".

Tractor Supply Company

Tractor Supply Company is an American retail chain of stores. sells products for home improvement, agriculture, lawn and garden maintenance, livestock, equine and pet care. It was founded in 1938. It is publicly traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol TSCO.

Marmite

Marmite (/ˈmɑːrmaɪt/ "MAR-myte") is a British savoury food spread based on yeast extract, invented by the German scientist Justus von Liebig. It is made from by-products of beer brewing (lees). It is produced by the British company Unilever. Marmite is a vegan source of B vitamins, including supplemental vitamin B. It is usually spread very thinly on buttered toast.

Marmite is a sticky, dark brown paste with a distinctive, salty, powerful flavour and heady aroma. This distinctive taste is represented in the marketing slogan: "Love it or hate it." In British popular culture Marmite is often used as a metaphor for something that is an acquired taste or polarises opinion. Marmite is commonly used as a flavouring, as it is particularly rich in umami due to its very high levels of glutamate (1960 mg/100 g).

Marmite is also a French term for a large, covered earthenware or metal cooking pot, which is shown on the label. A different product of the same name is sold in New Zealand and Australia.

Morven Christie

Morven Christie is a Scottish actress. She is best known for her roles as Alison Hughes in the BBC drama "The A Word," Amanda Hopkins in the ITV drama "Grantchester", and Detective Sergeant Lisa Armstrong in ITV crime series "The Bay." 

Svobodny, Amur Oblast

Svobodny () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 58,778 people lived there.

Oliver Dimsdale

Oliver Dimsdale (born 28 October 1972) is an English actor, known for portraying Louis Trevelyan in the BBC TV serial "He Knew He Was Right and Grantchester."

Belogorsk

Belogorsk () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 68,249 people lived there.

Charlotte Ritchie

Charlotte Ritchie (born 29 August 1989) is an English actress and singer. She is best known for her roles as Alison Cooper in "Ghosts", Oregon in the Channel 4 comedy "Fresh Meat", Hannah in "Siblings", Alison in "Dead Pixels", Barbara Gilbert in the BBC drama "Call the Midwife", George in "Feel Good," Kate Galvin in "You and Bonnie Davenport in Grantchester". She was a member of the classical crossover group All Angels.

Tynda

Tynda () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 36,275 people lived there.

Al Weaver

Alexander Paul Weaver (born 3 January 1981) is an English actor and writer, best known for his role as curate Leonard Finch in the ITV series "Grantchester" (2014-present).

Shimanovsk

Shimanovsk () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 19,815 people lived there.

Biryuch

Biryuch () is a town in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 7,846 people lived there.

Melissa Johns

Melissa Johns is a British actress and disability activist. She is known for playing Sadie in "The Interceptor", Imogen Pascoe on "Coronation Street", Hannah Taylor in "Life", and Miss Scott in "Grantchester". Johns is an ambassador for disability in the arts and advocates for better representation of disability on- and off-screen and stage

Sean C. Flaherty

Sean C. Flaherty is an American lawyer known as the managing partner at Keches Law Group.

Flaherty received his undergraduate degree summa cum laude from Quinnipiac University, where he was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa. Later, he received his Juris Doctor from the New England School of Law in 2005 and acquired his license to practice from the Massachusetts Bar Association in 2006.

Flaherty joined Keches Law Group in 2004 and currently serves as the managing partner. He has previously served as the president of the Bristol Bar Association and the Taunton Bar Association. Flaherty is also an active advocate for injured workers' rights. In 2011, he received Excellence in the Law award by Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly.

Culzean Castle

Culzean Castle, constructed as an L-plan castle between 1777 and 1792 by the 10th Earl of Cassilis, was designed by architect Robert Adam. It replaced a previous structure and served as the fine country house for the earldom. The castle features a large drum tower with a circular saloon overlooking the sea, a grand oval staircase, and well-appointed apartments.

In 1817, the castle hosted the wedding of Margaret Radclyffe Livingstone Eyre, daughter of the 1st Marquess of Ailsa, to Thomas, Viscount Kynnaird. The castle and its grounds were gifted to the National Trust for Scotland by the Kennedy family in 1945, with the stipulation that General Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe during World War II, be given an apartment at the top of the castle. Eisenhower visited the castle several times, including during his presidency.

Culzean Castle has historical connections, as the Ayrshire Yeomanry was formed there in 1794. In 1961, the regiment returned for a ceremony to receive its first guidon. The castle underwent refurbishment in 2011, funded by a bequest from American millionaire William Lindsay, who was intrigued by Eisenhower's visits. In 2019, Culzean Castle welcomed 333,965 visitors.

Tower 22 drone attack

On 28 January 2024, the Tower 22 United States military outpost in Jordan was attacked by Islamic Resistance in Iraq. The attack resulted in the deaths of three American soldiers. At least 34 other soldiers were injured.


Catherine Keating

Catherine Keating is Geordie’s charming and mostly supportive wife, and mother of their four children. Her husband’s demanding job and lack of involvement at home has caused tension between them at times. She finds a great deal of satisfaction in creating a role for herself beyond homemaker. She made her first appearance in episode 1 of series 1 and is a current character in the show. Played by Kacey Ainsworth

AutoZone

AutoZone is an American retailer of aftermarket automotive parts and accessories. It has 7,140 stores across the United States, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Brazil and the US Virgin Islands. It is based in Memphis, Tennessee. It was founded in 1979. It is the largest auto parts retailer in the United States.

Savannah James-Bayly

Savannah James-Bayly is a British film producer. She is a development producer at Sly Fox Productions.

She was awarded a 2017 BFI Flare Festival’s mentorship. 

She grew up in Hawkhurst. She studied at Cranbrook, and University College, London.

She was on the jury of the 2016 Watersprite Film Festival. She co-founded Teen Club.



White British

White people in the United Kingdom are a multi-ethnic group of UK residents who identify as and are perceived to be 'white people'. The majority of the people living in the United Kingdom are white, with 87.2% of the population identifying as white in the 2011 United Kingdom census. The Office for National Statistics designates white people into several subgroups, These are: White British, White Irish, White Gypsy or Irish Traveller, and Other White

Lamb Weston

Lamb Weston is an American food processing company. It is one of the world's largest producers and processors of frozen french fries, waffle fries, and other frozen potato products. It is headquartered in Eagle, Idaho. It was founded in 1950.

Mendoza, Peru

Mendoza is a town in the Amazonas Region in Peru. It is the capital of the Rodríguez de Mendoza Province. The San Nicolas Airport is in Mendoza.

Bonnie Davenport

Bonnie Davenport is the Grantchester character during the 1950s, played by Charlotte Ritchie. She made her first appearance in episode 1 of series 7 and is a current character in the show. 

Advance Auto Parts

Advance Auto Parts . is an American automotive aftermarket parts provider. It is headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was founded in 1932. It operates 4,785 stores and in the United States and Canada. It serves both professional installer and do it yourself customers.

O'Reilly Auto Parts

O'Reilly Auto Parts is an American auto parts retailer. provides automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories to professional service providers and do-it-yourself customers. It is headquartered in Springfield, Missouri. It was founded in 1957. It has 6,000 stores in 48 states, Puerto Rico, and Mexico.

Riceland Foods

Riceland Foods is the largest farmer-owned rice & soybean marketing cooperative in the world. It is headquartered in Stuttgart, Arkansas. It was founded in 1921 and has become a major rice & grain miller and a global marketer of the same. It is a Soybean and soy oil processor in the Mississippi Delta region of Arkansas where milling, pressing, packaging and distribution occurs. 

Philautus catbaensis

The Cat Ba shrub frog ("Philautus catbaensis") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. People have seen it on Cat Ba Island in Cat Ba National Park, which is from 0 to 300 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog could be dead soon because it lives in such a small place and because people are still cutting down the forests where it lives to make farms.

Great Clips

Great Clips is an American hair salon chain. It has 4,100 locations across the United States and Canada. It is headquartered in Bloomington, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. It was founded in 1982. In 2013, it had system-wide sales of $1.03 billion.

Wesley Hunt

Wesley Parish Hunt (born November 13, 1981) is an American politician and military veteran. Since 2023, he has been serving as the United States representative for Texas's 38th congressional district. He is a member of the Republican Party. Hunt is also the first Republican and African-American to represent this district.

Vulnerable (Roxette song)

"Vulnerable" is a 1995 song by Swedish band Roxette and is the fifth and final single from their fifth studio album "Crash! Boom! Bang!". It went to number 44 in the United Kingdom, number 41 in Scotland, number 12 in Sweden and number 20 in Iceland and the music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund.

All songs were written by Per Gessle.



WGBH-TV

WGBH/WGBX is a PBS station inside Boston, Massachusetts created in 1951. It has created most PBS kids and PBS programs like Arthur Molly of Denali Pinkalicious and PeterRafic work it out, wombats etc.

Ronin (Marvel Comics)

Ronin is an alias used by multiple characters in the Marvel Comics universe. The Ronin identity was created by Brian Michael Bendis and Joe Quesada, though the characters who have adopted the identity were pre-existing characters created by other writers. Following this, the Ronin mantle has been taken up by characters such as Maya Lopez, Clint Barton, Alexei Shostakov, Eric Brooks, and Bullseye.

Maya Lopez AKA Echo was the first person to don the Ronin identity. A deaf woman with photographic reflexes, Maya became Ronin to investigate the Silver Samurai in Wakanda. She first appeared as Ronin in New Avengers #11 (November 2005), though the character appeared on the covers of several earlier issues.

Clint Barton is the second person to have the Ronin identity, becoming Ronin when he rejoined the New Avengers in the aftermath of Civil War. He attempted to hand the costume back to Lopez after the latter was rescued from the Hand, but Lopez declined and allowed him to keep it. Barton later resumed his Hawkeye identity during the Heroic Age.

The third individual who dons the Ronin identity is Alexei Shostakov AKA The Red Guardian, he was introduced as Ronin in the "Widow Maker" crossover between the Hawkeye & Mockingbird and Black Widow titles. This iteration initially starts assassinating spies and eventually targets Mockingbird and Black Widow.

Eric Brooks AKA Blade is the fourth and most recent character to take up the mantle of Ronin. His identity is kept from the reader when introduced in the Mighty Avengers and dons a Halloween-type costume, "Spider Hero", during the Infinity storyline. During the Inhumanity storyline, this character is supplied with the Ronin costume from a "big box of Clint Barton's old stuff".

The Clint Barton incarnation of Ronin appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2019) and the Disney+ series "Hawkeye" (2021), portrayed by Jeremy Renner.

Quicksilver (Marvel Comics)

Quicksilver (real name: Pietro Django Maximoff) is a fictional character, a former supervillain turned superhero from Marvel Comics and the Marvel Universe, appearing as a major character in the "X-Men" and "The Avengers" comics.

He is a human being who was genetically altered by the High Evolutionary, giving him the ability to move, speak and think at superhuman speed, and the younger twin brother to Wanda Maximoff. The siblings would become members of the Brotherhood of Mutants and fought against the X-Men, but would change their allegiances and joined the Avengers in "Avengers #16". In the "Ultimate Marvel" comics, he is the son of Magneto whom despises the Avengers, and is an on and off enemy of the X-Men. He has been a member of the Avengers, the X-Factor, West Coast Avengers, Avengers Unity Division, the Underground, the Brotherhood of Mutants, and ally of the X-Men.

He was created by the late Stan Lee, and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "The X-Men #4" in March of 1964.

Since his debut in the comics, Quicksilver has appeared in other media from movies, television, and video games. In "", he was voiced by the late Paul Haddad and Adrian Egan. In the "" movie series, he was portrayed by Evan Peters. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, he was portrayed by Aaron Taylor-Johnson, as Gabriel Gurevich played the character young.

Polaris (Marvel Comics)

Polaris (real name Lorna Sally Dane) is a fictional comic book character and superheroine appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, in particular the X-Men family of books. She is the daughter of Magneto, and a mutant with the ability of magnetism, and member of the X-Men.

She was created by Arnold Drake, Don Heck, Werner Roth and Jim Steranko, Polaris first appeared in "The X-Men #49" in October of 1968.

Józef Poniatowski

Prince Józef Antoni Poniatowski ( 7 May 1763 – 19 October 1813) was a Polish general, minister of war and army chief, who became a Marshal of the French Empire during the Napoleonic Wars. A nephew of king Stanislaus Augustus of Poland (r. 1764–1795),

Serenoichthys

Serenoichthys is an extinct, prehistoric bichir from the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian) of southeastern Morocco. The type species is Serenoichthys kemkemensis. Only known at first from postcranial skeletons, complete specimens were later discovered.

"Serenoichthys" is named after the leader of the team responsible for the fish's discovery, Paul C. Sereno. The species name, "kemkemensis", refers to the Kem Kem Group in Morocco where the fossils were discovered.

"Serenoichthys" was a small fish. In comparison, the big polypterid "Bawitius" could reach up to 300 cm (9.8 ft), whereas "S. kemkemensis" could only reach up to 5 cm (2.0 in) in length.



Stanisław August Poniatowski

Stanisław II August ( 17 January 1732 – 12 February 1798), known also by his regnal Latin name Stanislaus II Augustus, and as Stanisław August Poniatowski, was and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1764 to 1795, and the last monarch of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.

Philipp Hosiner

Philipp Hosiner (15 May 1989 in Eisenstadt) is an Austrian football player. The striker plays for Young Violets Austria Wien in the Regionalliga Ost (3rd tier). He is a former Austrian national player.
Philipp Hosiner started his career at SC Eisenstadt. Then he played for SV St. Margarethen. He later played for Academy Burgenland. 2006 joined the youth department of TSV 1860 Munich. In 2008 he became part of the second team. There he was top scorer. 2009 he went to SV Sandhausen. There he made his professional debut.

He then went back to Austria. In the 2010/11 season he played for First Vienna FC. After a season he moved to Bundesliga promoted team FC Trenkwalder Admira in June 2011. On 31 August2012, FK Austria Wien signed him. At the end of the 2012/13 season, Hosiner became Austrian champion with Austria and was the league's top scorer with 32 goals. He also was elected best player of season.

He was signed by the French first division club Stade Rennes in the summer of 2014. In January 2015, during a medical check at 1. FC Köln, a two-kilogram tumor was discovered on Hosiner's left kidney. He had a successful operation. Eleven weeks after the operation he played for the first time in the Stades Rennes reserves. Hosiner finally moved to 1. FC Köln on loan for the 2015/16 season. Hosiner did not return to Rennes for the 2016/17 season. He 1. FC Union Berlin in the 2nd Bundesliga. For the 2018/19 season, Hosiner returned to Austria. He played for SK Sturm Graz. The following season he played again in Germany for Chemnitzer FC in the 3rd league. For the 2020/21 season he moved to third division club Dynamo Dresden. With the team he was promoted to the 2nd league. In the following season he lost his place an moved to Kickers Offenbach. In 2023 he went back to Austria Wien and played for the 2nd team in the Regionalliga Ost. 

Hosiner played regularly for the Austrian youth national teams. In autumn 2011, the striker was called up to the senior national team for the first time . He made his debut on 7 October 2011 in the game in Baku against Azerbaijan. He scored his only two goals on 22 March 2013 in a 6-0 win against the Faroe Islands.

Promissum

Promissum is an extinct genus of conodont from the Upper Ordovician period. It is macrophagous, meaning it is probably a nektonic carnivore. It is one of the very few specimens preserving a body outline.

Well-preserved specimens were discovered in the Soom shale of South Africa in 1994. A preserved specimen of this behemoth reveals details of the trunk musculature, feeding apparatus and eyes.

"Promissum" was a rather large conodont, up to 40 cm (16 inch). It had a primitive mouth under its eyes with mineralized teeth. It looked like a small eel or large worm, lacking any kind of fins except for perhaps a small one on the tail. It was probably capable of maintaining a cruising speed. However, it could not maintain rapid bursts of speed.

Operation Lyari

Operation Lyari was a government-led crackdown against local gangs and crime syndicates in the Lyari area of Karachi, Pakistan. Part of the broader Karachi Operation, it aimed to restore law and order in the region plagued by violence and criminal activities.

Karachi, as Pakistan's largest city with a population exceeding 20 million, has a diverse demographic makeup, contributing to complex ethnic and political dynamics. Ethnic tensions and rivalries have historically led to sporadic violence, exacerbated by factors such as migration from various regions of Pakistan and neighboring countries.

The city is home to a mix of ethnic groups, including Mahajirs, Sindhis, Pashtuns, Balochis, and others, each with its own political affiliations. Political parties such as the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) have strongholds in specific communities, shaping the city's political landscape.

Operation Lyari commenced in response to escalating violence attributed to local gangs, particularly in the Lyari area. Led by Sindh Rangers and supported by various law enforcement agencies, the operation targeted gang leaders and criminal networks responsible for extortion, drug trafficking, and other illicit activities.

The initial phase of the operation in 2012 faced challenges, including stiff resistance from entrenched gang members. Despite initial progress, the operation was temporarily halted amid political interventions and negotiations.

Following a change in government, a renewed effort was made in 2013 to curb violence in Karachi, including Lyari. Pakistan Rangers, with support from the federal and provincial authorities, intensified operations, resulting in significant arrests and disruptions to criminal networks.

Operation Lyari led to a substantial decrease in crime rates in the Lyari area, with the arrest or elimination of key gang leaders. The operation marked a significant milestone in efforts to restore peace and stability in Karachi, although challenges persist in addressing underlying socio-economic issues contributing to crime.

Another Lonely Night in New York

"Another Lonely Night in New York" is a 1983 song by singer Robin Gibb and is the second single from his second studio album "How Old Are You?". It went to number 71 in the United Kingdom and was a big hit in Europe where it went to #19 in Switzerland and #16 in Germany. It was never released as a single in the United States or Canada.

Qurm Nature Reserve

Qurm Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Oman near the Gulf of Oman. It is a protected place with a mangrove forest and wetland around a small river called Wadi Aday. The government of Oman established it in 1975 to take care of the environment. The name "Qurm" comes from the local word for the grey mangroves that grow here. It is an important place for birds and got recognition as an Important Bird Area in 1994. Also, part of it is a Ramsar site, which means it is internationally protected, since 2013.

If you go from the sea towards the land, you will find different areas like the beach, coastal dunes, tidal flats, and alluvial plains. The tidal flats get a mix of freshwater from rivers and saltwater from the sea, creating a diverse environment for many living things. The climate is typically hot and dry, like in most parts of Oman.

The Qurm Nature Reserve is home to many plants and animals. The outer coastal dunes have different types of grasses and plants such as Halopyrum mucronatum, Sphaerocoma hookeri, Suaeda fruticosa, Cistanche phelypaea, and Suaeda vermiculata. In the low areas between the dunes, you can find Lotus garcinii, Cyperus conglomeratus, and Heliotropium ramosissimum. The mangrove forest with grey mangroves (Avicennia marina) grows in places that get flooded during high tide. The sabkha flats just above high tide have plants such as Suaeda aegyptiaca, S. fruticosa, Cressa cretica, and more, which can easily grow in salty soil.

Moving away from the coast to the flat area, you'll see scattered trees and shrubs like Vachellia tortilis, Prosopis cineraria, Ziziphus spina-christi, Lycium shawii, and Bassia muricata. In the stony hills, there are similar trees and shrubs, along with others like Euphorbia larica, Commiphora myrrha, and Grewia tenax. At the eastern end, there's an grove of date palms with other wild vegetation.

In the wetland, there are various crabs, mollusks, and fish species. Some notable ones include Arabian toothcarp, tiger perch, goby, and common silver-biddy. The reserve is also a feeding and nursery place for other species like mullet, bigeye snapper, and commercially important shrimp. The mangroves provide food for marine detritivores.

The reserve is a home for nearly two hundred bird species, including Kentish plover, black-headed gull, Caspian gull, and greater flamingo. Land animals include the Arabian red fox and Balochistan gerbil. Sea turtles might have visited the area before recent human development increased.

Qurm Nature Reserve is a protected home for many different kinds of sea, land, and bird animals. The reserve is important for the sea because things like plankton and small pieces of plants and animals from the reserve go into the sea with the tides. This helps the sea animals and supports fish that people catch to eat.

Oman is on the way that birds travel when they migrate (move from one place to another), and the reserve is like a stopping point for these birds. They stop there to rest and eat during their long journeys. The mangrove forest also helps protect the land from big storms and keeps the water clean by catching and cleaning rainwater. People have been coming to this area for a very long time, even 6000 years ago, to collect oysters and whelks from the mangrove forests.

Michaels

Michaels is a privately held chain of American and Canadian arts and crafts stores. It is part of The Michaels Companies, founded in 2014 and headquartered in Irving, Texas. It was founded in 1973. It is North America's largest provider of arts, crafts, framing, floral and wall décor, and merchandise for makers and do-it-yourself home decorators.

Jo-Ann Stores

Jo-Ann Stores is an American haberdashery and mercery based in Hudson, Ohio. It was founded in 1943. It has 856 locations. The headquarters of the company is in the former General Motors Terex plant.

Welch's

Welch's is an American food company. It is headquartered in Concord, Massachusetts. It is particularly known for its grape juices, jams and jellies made from dark Concord grapes and its white Niagara grape juice. It was founded in 1869. It is owned by the National Grape Cooperative Association, a co-op of grape growers.


Harbor Freight Tools

Harbor Freight Tools is an American privately held tool and equipment retailer. It is headquartered in Calabasas, California. It was founded in 1977. It has over 1,400 locations in 48 states. t operates a chain of retail stores, as well as an e-commerce business.

Mott's

Mott's is an American company. It is involved primarily in producing apple-based products, particularly juices and sauces. It was founded in 1842 by Samuel R. Mott of Bouckville, New York, who made apple cider and vinegar. It is owned by Keurig Dr Pepper. 

Alex Fink

Alex Fink (born July 26, 1984) is an American programmer and entrepreneur. He is the founder and CEO of Otherweb, a startup focusing on news and social news media, and a co-founder at Swarmer, a startup dedicated to military technology.

Alexander Yakovlevich Fink was born in Tiraspol, then in the Moldavian SSR, into a Jewish family. He grew up in Israel. In 2008, after living and working in Japan for a year, he moved to the United States.

Fink attended the Technion, in Israel, and received a bachelor’s degree in computer sciences. He then attended the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and received an MBA.

In 2016, Fink founded Panopteo, a technical consulting company that developed video cameras and computer vision software. By 2021, he had a crisis of conscience and decided the world didn’t need more cameras; the company was slowly wound down despite 6 years of continuous profitability.

In 2021, Fink founded Otherweb an artificial intelligence company focused on using AI to help people consume higher-quality information. The company operates a portfolio of websites and apps that aggregate news, commentary, podcasts, research studies, and other forms of content, and use artificial intelligence to remove low-quality material. By November 2023, the combined user base of Otherweb’s products was 5.4m active users.

In 2023, Fink co-founded Swarmer - a military tech startup that develops software for managing drone swarm missions. The startup received funding from D3, a military tech fund created by Google’s former CEO Eric Schmidt. As of December 2023, Swarmer’s products are used by the Ukrainian Armed Forces in its defensive war against Russia.

Otherweb

Otherweb is a platform ecosystem that uses artificial intelligence to help users consume higher-quality information. Launched in August 2022 by Otherweb, Inc., a Public Benefit Corporation founded by Alex Fink, the platform can be accessed through an app for Android and IOS and a website. 

As of November 2023, the Otherweb had 5.4m active users across all media.

Republic of South Maluku

South Moluccas, also called South Maluku, is an unrecognised nation in the islands of Indonesia. The current population sits at around 1,881,727 people. There is no observed capital but the largest city is Ambon. There are 150 islands but the main ones are Ceram, Ambon and Buru. They are currently not a country though it is being disputed. Not much is known about the place.

Ahwak (Abu song)

"Ahwak" (), is a song by Egyptian singer-songwriter Abu. The song, at first released as a promotional single from, was released on August 25, 2019 from the soundtrack album, Al Anesa Farah – Music from the Original TV Series (2020). The song was released by Dream Studio, Universal Music Latino, Universal Arabic Music, Universal Music MENA and Republic Records as Abu wrote the song with written by Abu and his guitarist and producer Abu and Benny Blanco. "Ahwak" is the official soundtrack for the television serial drama "Miss Farah".

Adapted from TIDAL.

Production

Technical


Recording and management

"Ahwak" is an with a quiet arrangement accompanied by The song is written in the key of G major with a tempo of 110 beats per minute.

The song's accompanying music video premiered on July 24, 2020, on YouTube. The music video was directed by Wael Farag & Ahmed el Gendy. The accompanying music video for "Ahwak" was released alongside the song.

New Balance

New Balance is one of the world's major sports footwear and apparel manufacturers. It is based in Boston, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1906 as the New Balance Arch Support Company. maintains a manufacturing presence in the United States, as well as in the United Kingdom for the European market, where it produces some of its popular models.

Hélène Lam Trong

Hélène Lam Trong is a French movie director and screenwriter born in 1982 in Vietnam.
Hélène graduated from the Institute of Political Studies in Toulouse in 2004 and from the School of Advanced Studies in Information and Communication Sciences - Celsa in 2006. In 2014, she directed the documentary "L’absente, maman est en prison" (The Absent One, Mom is in Prison). In 2017, she took a stand against anti-Asian racism by creating the "Asiatique de France" music video with Frédéric Chau, Anggun, and other French Asian personalities. This video gained significant media coverage.

From 2018 to 2020, she directed four documentaries broadcasted on France 2: "Joséphine H," "Lilian Dubus et L'Enfant roux" (Lilian Dubus and The Red-Haired Child), and "Daech: les enfants du soupçons" (ISIS: Children of Suspicion). In the documentary "Réseaux de la colère" (Networks of Anger), she gave a voice to Thaïs d'Escufon and Joachim Son-Forget. In 2023, she directed the documentary "Daech, les enfants fantômes" (ISIS, the Ghost Children), produced by Fabienne Servan-Schreiber, which received a special mention from the Jury at the Documentary Festival on Justice and the Albert-Londres Audiovisual Prize.



Skechers

Skechers is an American multinational footwear and apparel company. it is headquartered in Manhattan Beach, California. It was founded in 1992. It is the third largest footwear brand in the United States by revenue.

List of Dutch painters

This is a list of Dutch painters.










List of songs in Miss Farah

The following is a list of songs featured in the television series "Miss Farah".

Beet greens

Beet Greens refer to the leafy green tops of the beetroot plant (Beta vulgaris). These are an integral part of the beet plant. They have vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. Often overlooked, beet greens have gained recognition in recent years for their culinary versatility and health benefits.

Skibidi Toilet

Skibidi Toilet is a Georgian 3D animated series on YouTube and is an internet meme. It is about a race of strange creatures called Skibidi Toilets, which are toilets with human heads in the bowl, and their war with another race of strange creatures called Cameraman. The game uses Garry's Mod as it's animation engine tool. 

The Origin of Skibidi Toilet can be seen back from Feburary 2023, when the creator, Alexey Gerasimov, made his first video for Skibidi Toilet. The Music that he used is a remix of "Give It To Me" by Timbaland and "Dom Dom Yes Yes" by Biser King.

The videos spread across social media. A large amount of that popularity came from platforms such as TikTok, YouTube, X, Instagram, and Facebook. The videos get over 30 million views per video on the YouTube video streaming platform and have 103,157,282,613,702 views on all videos combined. The people on these platforms call it "brain rot" and think it is bad for the children. Their channel has 39.1 million subscribers on the YouTube video streaming platform. There have also been unofficial merchandise on dropshipping platforms such as Alibaba or Amazon. 

The videos earn the creator around 1250 USD every year and 90.9 USD every month or approximately 3310.25 GEL every year and 260 GEL every month.

The Skibidi Toilet meme has influenced internet memes and online trends. The meme has been referenced in many forms of media, including TV shows, adverts, and even in concerts by other artists.

Despite being a non fictional and humorous thing, the Skibidi Toilet meme has become a symbol of skibidi culture, especially towards Generation Alpha.

Peter III of Russia

Peter III, (born February 21 [February 10, Old Style], 1728, Kiel, Holstein-Gottorp [Germany]—died July 18 [July 7, Old Style], 1762, Ropsha, near St. Petersburg, Russia), emperor of Russia from January 5, 1762 (December 25, 1761, Old Style), to July 9 (June 28, Old Style), 1762.

Janusz Bugajski

Janusz Bugajski (born 23 September 1954 in Nantwich, Cheshire, England) is a senior fellow at the Jamestown Foundation in Washington, DC.

He is also the host of the television show "Bugajski Hour", which is broadcasted in the Balkans. He previously served as a senior fellow at the Center for European Policy Analysis (CEPA) in Washington, DC and served as director of the New European Democracy Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).

From 1981 to 1983, Bugajski worked as a consultant on Polish affairs at BBC television in London. In 1984-1985, he worked as a senior research analyst at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) in Munich, Germany. In 1986, he joined the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, DC, where he established the Eastern European Division. Bugajski served as Associate Director from 1986 to 1993, and in 1993 became Director of East European Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, DC.

Bugajski has worked as a consultant on Eastern European affairs for organizations and US government agencies, including the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the US Department of Defense, the International Republican Institute (IRI), the Institute of Free Trade Unions ( AFL-CIO ), the Council on International Studies and Exchanges (IREX) and BBC Television in London.

He regularly testifies before US Congress and is also the chair of the Southern and Central European Studies Program at the Diplomatic Service Institute of US State Department.

Jamestown Foundation analyst

One of the main speakers of Forum of the Free States of Postrussia (2022-present)

Born to teacher Piotr Bugajski and Jadwiga (Kavska) Bugajski, he is of Polish descent and speaks English and Polish fluently. In 1977 he received a bachelor's degree with honors from the University of Kent in Canterbury, Great Britain, and in 1981 he received a master's degree in philosophy and a doctorate in social anthropology from the London School of Economics and Political Science.

Bugajski was also an associate professor at American University in 1991; lecturer at the Smithsonian Institution, Institute of Diplomatic Service, Woodrow Wilson Center ; a consultant to the International Republican Institute, the Council for International Studies and Exchanges, and the Institute for Democracy in Eastern Europe.

Bugajski was awarded grants in 1988 from the Earhart Foundation, in 1989 from the Linda and Harry Bradley Foundation. In 1991, he received an award for leadership from the Center for Strategic and International Studies. In 1998, he received the Distinguished Public Service Award from the United States Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the United States Information Agency (USIA), and the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency in recognition of his contributions to international affairs.

In 2010, he was awarded the Thanks of the Polish free trade union "Solidarity". He is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies.

He is a regular contributor to various American and European newspapers and magazines.

Bugajski’s publications include "Ethnic Politics in Eastern Europe: A Guide to Nationalities, Politics, Organizations, and Parties" (M. IS. Sharpe, 1994) and his book Nations in Turmoil: Conflict and Cooperation in Eastern Europe (Westview, 1992 and 1995), which was selected by Choice as an outstanding academic book. It also reflects the tension between Russia and the West and Russian "neo-imperialism" in various conflict regions, such as the lessons of the Russian-Georgian war in August 2008.

A list of publications is published on the CSIS homepage 


List of publications on the CEPA website 



Lulu in Hollywood

"Lulu in Hollywood" is a collection of essays by the silent film actress Louise Brooks. First published in 1982, the book brings together seven previously published autobiographical essays, namely “Kansas to New York”, “On Location with Billy Wellman”, “Marion Davies’ Niece”, “Humphrey and Bogey”, “The Other Face of W. C. Fields”, “Gish and Garbo” and “Pabst and Lulu”.

Each of the pieces collected in "Lulu in Hollywood" were published in magazines and film journals beginning in the late 1950s. The copyright page states that portions of the book appeared in different form in "Film Culture", "London Magazine", "Image", and "Sight and Sound". The first edition includes an introduction by "New Yorker" editor William Shawn, an afterword, "A Witness Speaks," by film historian Lotte H. Eisner, as well as a condensed filmography and illustrations.

"Lulu in Hollywood" was first published by Alfred A. Knopf in hardback in May, 1982. The following year, Knopf issued the book in softcover. Limelight Editions reprinted the book in paperback in 1989. "Lulu in Hollywood" was also published in England, and in translation in France (as "Louise Brooks", and later as "Loulou a Hollywood"), Germany ("Lulu in Berlin und Hollywood"), Italy ("Lulu a Hollywood"), The Netherlands ("Loulou in Hollywood"), and Spain ("Lulu en Hollywood"). A Japanese edition of "Lulu in Hollywood", published in 1984, is radically different in its design and selection of text. The Japanese edition, titled "Ruizu Burukkusu to "Ruru"" ("Louise Brooks to "Lulu"") contains Brooks’ essays, “Gish and Garbo” and “Pabst and Lulu”, along with the filmography and images contained in "Lulu in Hollywood". 

In the late 1990s, "Lulu in Hollywood" went out-of-print in the United States. In the year 2000, aided in part by a grass-roots campaign led by the Louise Brooks Society, "Lulu in Hollywood" was republished in an expanded edition by the University of Minnesota Press. The University of Minnesota edition was given a new look, with redesigned front and back covers. It was expanded to include an eighth essay by Brooks, "Why I Will Never Write My Memoirs,” while Shawn's introduction was replaced by Kenneth Tynan's 1979 "New Yorker" profile, “The Girl in the Black Helmet”. The University of Minnesota edition was later published in Russia as "Лулу в Голливуде".

"Lulu in Hollywood" was widely reviewed following its initial publication. Writing in "Esquire" magazine, James Wolcott described "Lulu in Hollywood" as "A tart, fleet, gossipy book, a whip-flicking display of wit and spite," adding "In "Lulu in Hollywood", Brooks writes about her contemporaries with a darting precision and down-to-earth compassion that make the mythologizing of most movie commentators sound like so much hot wheeze. . . . Louise Brooks emerges not as a white goddess wreathed in incense, but as a sassy companion, wisecracking, knowledgeable, completely free of cant and coy sentiment."

Writing in "Sight and Sound", the English critic John Russell Taylor stated, "Louise Brooks is a woman of ideas. Her writings — and this, for an actor, is really extraordinary — are about something more than just herself. She has ideas about Hollywood, she has ideas about life, and she does not necessarily confuse the two. . . . If Brooks has an Achilles heel, it is her own intelligence: she tends to attribute to others as much self-awareness and analytical power as she has herself."

Other largely positive reviews were written by William K. Everson, Herman G. Weinberg, Stanley Kaufman, David Thomson, John Lahr, Michael Dirda, and John Updike.

One of the few negative reviews the book received was authored by Auberon Waugh, son of the novelist Evelyn Waugh. The younger Waugh wrote in the London "Daily Mail" that Brooks had been "hanging around" since the end of her film career in 1938. "It sounds rather a miserable life, and she sounds rather a miserable woman" Waugh noted, adding "Her book may not teach us much about the cinema, but it provides a gloomy little object lesson in sexual morals: Don't let your daughter on the stage.". One other especially negative review was written by Lawrence J. Quirk, nephew of "Photoplay" magazine editor James R. Quirk. Its title, "Lulu in Hollywood: A Weird Case of Media Super-Hype, Whitewash and Cover-Up Galore," speaks to the tone of his review.

"Appendix: Errata in "Lulu in Hollywood"" was published in the 1989 biography of the actress by Barry Paris. It point to nearly a dozen errors in "Lulu in Hollywood". The appendix states: "The major and minor errors in "Lulu in Hollywood" cited here have been identified by Kevin Brownlow, William K. Everson, Jane Sherman Lehac, George Pratt, Lawrence Quirk, Anthony Slide, Alexander Walker, and the author, among others."

"Lulu in Hollywood" continues to be read and cited. In 2012, Janet Maslin wrote in the "New York Times", "These eight essays are selective, nostalgic, poison-tipped and fearlessly smart. They're sharp about Hollywood's definitions of success and failure, about how actors are manipulated by their employers and pigeonholed by the press... Brooks still shimmers as a rare loner who traveled down that road, her life in ruins -- and then came back. This book is as idiosyncratic and magnetic as its author." 

In 2023, the "Hollywood Reporter" published an article listing the 100 best film books of all time". "Lulu in Hollywood" ranked number 44.


Hanna Diyab

Antun Yusuf Hanna Diyab (Arabic: أنطون يوسف حنا دياب) was a Syrian writer and storyteller. He is best known today for tales of Aladdin and Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves which have been added to the "One Thousand and One Nights" by French orientalist Antoine Galland, who had translated and included them after listening it from Diyab. Diyab was a Maronite.
Diyab was born around 1688 AD in Aleppo, Ottoman Syria. He was the youngest of his three brothers. His Maronite Christian family were traders. He had learned French, Italian, Turkish and Occitan. In 1707, he met the French traveller Paul Lucas. Hanna Diyab became his servant and translator. They sailed to Egypt, Tripoli, Tunisia and then to Corsica, Livorno, Genoa and Marseille. They came to Paris in 1708.

Probio DR10

Probio DR10, is a probiotic strain by Fonterra Research Development Centre (FRDC), patented and commercialised in the 1990s following the screening of over 2,000 strains.

The strain involved is a lactic acid bacterium of "Bifidobacterium lactis", originally isolated from yoghurt. The publication of complete genomic sequence in 2018 has enabled the implementation of strict measures to ensure the control of product quality, safety and purity of the "B. lactis" HN019 strain.

The Probio DR10 strain is available in a range of finished formats, providing it with great potential to be applied across the food and beverage, dietary supplement, and pharmaceutical industries."Bifidobacterium lactis" is found in Anmum Materna and Anmum Essential Gold in the Malaysian market.

Studies on Probio DR10 indicate positive effects on various aspects of the digestive system. These include:

Immune system support

In a randomised controlled trial (RCT) conducted with children aged 1 to 3 years, it was found that the incidence of high fever and severe acute lower respiratory infections was reduced by 5% and 35% respectively, in children who received Probio DR10 along with a prebiotic, in comparison to those who were administered a placebo.

A separate RCT also showed that the supplementation of Probio DR10 in children aged 2 to 5 years reduced the incidence of diarrhea and fever by 16.1% and 12.7% respectively during the rainy season.

Probio DR10 may increase the population of beneficial gut microflora of "Bifidobacterium" and "Lactobacillus".

Probio DR10 has also been shown to help maintain a healthy/normal gut microbiota against the aging process by competing with and excluding harmful pathogens, operating at both taxonomical and functional levels.

Maintenance of intestinal barrier functions

Probio DR10 helps maintain the integrity of the gut epithelium, which is a layer of cells lining the inner surface of the intestine. Probio DR10 also helps regulate the host immune defence against pathogens.

A 2010 study also found that combining Probio DR10 with an oligosaccharide prebiotics results in a decrease in the incidence of dysentery.

Regulation of gut motility and improvement of gastrointestinal symptoms

Probio DR10 has demonstrated a positive effect on individuals suffering from constipation. A New Zealand study involving 100 adults with functional gastrointestinal symptoms showed that the supplementation of Probio DR10 for 2 weeks alleviated constipation by reducing the gut transit time.

Reductions in the frequency of other functional gastrointestinal symptoms, including vomiting, regurgitation, abdominal pain, nausea, gurgling, irregular bowel movements, diarrhea, and flatulence were also observed in the same study.

Probio DR10 may potentially divert colon fermentation towards the production of non-gaseous end products. This characteristic of Probio DR10 may support tolerance for the fermentation of oligosaccharides within the body, which aligns with clinical findings that Probio DR10 reduces the occurrence of flatulence.

Support for digestion

The fermentation of Probio DR10 produces lactate and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) such as acetate, indicating their potential involvement in the digestion of dietary elements, without distinguishing between their source, whether it be carbohydrates or proteins.

Not all probiotics are the same

Studies have shown that not all probiotics are equally effective. The efficacy of probiotics is strain-specific. Therefore, the recommendations of probiotics should tie specific strains to the health benefits as shown in the human studies.

Probio DR10 demonstrates an excellent ability to adhere to epithelial cells, a strong capacity to endure and survive in a low pH environment, resistance to bile salts as well as the ability to modulate the immune response.

Studies indicate that this strain acts on intercellular junctions, especially tight junctions. Tight junctions are situated in the most apical part of the cell and consist of two key proteins, claudin and occludin. These proteins play a crucial role in establishing the epithelial barrier, which acts as a safeguard against the entry of macromolecules, including lipids and proteins.

These junctions are vital for controlling the permeability of the epithelium. Any changes in their function can lead to increased inflammation, and subsequently, the development of diseases.

The presence of "Bifidobacterium animalis" subsp. "lactis" in human food has been documented since 1980, but it was likely part of human diets before that.

The China National Center for Food Safety Risk Assessment (CFSA) has also approved the use of "B. lactis" in food for the general and paediatric population.

A 2018 study found that Probio DR10 is well-tolerated in adults and did not induce changes in physical activity, food intake, or body weight. Probio DR10 also has an established safety data in pregnant and lactating women as shown in studies.

Volga region

The Volga region (Russian: Поволжье, Povolzhye, meaning "Along the Volga" referring to the Volga River) is a historical region of the Russian Federation that encompasses the watershed to the Volga River, the longest river in Europe.

Driscoll's

Driscoll's is a California-based seller of fresh strawberries and other berries. It is headquartered in Watsonville, California. It develops proprietary breeds of berries and then licenses them exclusively through approved growers. It was founded in 1904.

Asics

Asics is an Japanese sportswear company. The name is from the Latin word "anima sana in corpore sano", which means "a sound mind, in a sound body". It produces clothing and sneakers. The company is headquartered in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture and was founded on September 1, 1949 as Onitsuka Co., Ltd.

Nick DiGiovanni

Nick DiGiovanni (born 19 May 1996) is an American YouTuber, TikToker, and Chef. 

Pep Boys

Pep Boys is an American automotive aftermarket service chain. It was founded in 1921. It is headquartered in the Philadelphia suburb of Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania. It provides name-brand tires, automotive maintenance and repair, and fleet maintenance and repair to customers across the United States.

Chuck Taylor All-Stars

Chuck Taylor All-Stars is a sneaker manufactured by Converse. It was developed as a basketball shoe in the early 20th century. Its design has remained largely unchanged since its introduction. It consists of a stitched upper portion, and a toe cap and outsole usually made of rubber. 

Saucony

Saucony is an American brand of athletic footwear and apparel. It was founded in 1898. It is owned by Wolverine World Wide. Its products include footwear and clothing ranges, such as athletic shoes, jackets, hoodies, t-shirts, sweatpants, shorts, and socks. Accessories include hats and backpacks.

Guy Spier

Guy Spier (born February 4, 1966) is a Zurich-based investor. He is the author of "The Education of a Value Investor". Spier is the manager of the Aquamarine Fund with $350 million in assets. He is well known for bidding US$650,100 with Mohnish Pabrai for a charity lunch with Warren Buffett in 2008. In 2009, he was featured in "The Checklist Manifesto", by Atul Gawande regarding his use of checklists as part of his investment process. He is the brother of Tanya de Jager and the grandson of , the German-Israeli jurist, historian, foreign correspondent and farmer.



Philautus nephophilus

Philautus nephophilus is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it in Kinabalu National Park, between 1400 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and near the edges of forests.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because even though it does not live in a very large place, part of that place is a protected park.

The adult male frog is 16.4–18.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 20.3–23.1 mm long. This frog can change color. During the day, this frog is darker in color than it is at night, and its belly is yellow with dark brown spots. At night, this frog's head and shoulders are deeper brown than the rest of the body. The sides of the back legs are gray in color with whitish spots or other marks. The skin around the eardrum is yellow in color. The iris of the eye is red in color, and the pupils of the eye open up and down. This frog has teeth in its upper jaw. Its tongue is long and wide. All four legs are thin.

José Joaquín de Iturbide

José Joaquín de Iturbide y Arregui (February 6, 1739 – November 19, 1825) was the father of Agustín de Iturbide who received the title of Prince of the Union during the First Mexican Empire by the Constituent Congress.

NewJeans

NewJeans () is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 22 July 2022. The group is made of five members: Minji, Hanni, Danielle, Haerin and Hyein. They make K-pop music under the label ADOR, a subsidiary of Hybe Corporation. They were formed by Min Hee-jin. They are famous for their simple-girl image, for their 1990s–2000s inspired concept and for their R&B songs.

The group's name, NewJeans, is a reference to the idea that jeans are a timeless fashion item and to the group's desire to become timeless (like jeans). The name also sounds similar to "new genes", a reference to the fresh image of the group made of young members, but also to the new generation of K-pop music they make. Their fans are called "Bunnies".





Mayfield, Canterbury

Mayfield is a small farming settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated 35 kilometers west of Ashburton and 34 kilometers north of Geraldine. It has a primary school and the store was burnt down in early 2008 but reopened in early 2009. It is within the Geraldine and Ashburton high school zone.

Trespass (album)

Trespass is the second studio album by Genesis. The album was released on October 23, 1970.

Annesbrook

Annesbrook is an industrial suburb of Nelson and lies between Nelson Airport and State Highway 6. There is no public transport within the suburb.

Molecular mass

The molecular mass, or "m", is the mass of a molecule [and it has some similarity with "weight" of that molecule]. The unit dalton (Da) is often used.
Molecular mass is the sum of 2 or more particles or a compound on the Periodic table. They are often in the units dalton (Da). To get the weight of a compound or particles you simply identify the elements in it. Once you have identified the elements look for the atomic mass. The atomic mass is most often right under the name(letters). After finding the atomic mass of however many elements you need, you simply add them together. If you have a compound like H2o, then you can multiply the Hydrogen instead of adding it twice.


Invisible Plane

The Invisible Plane (commonly known as the Invisible Jet) is the fictional DC Comics superheroine Wonder Woman's venerable, though now seldom-used, mode of transport. Created by William Moulton Marston as an allegory for the feminine compliance reaction that women of the Depression relied on to safely traverse the male dominated work place, it first appeared in "Sensation Comics" #1 (Jan. 1942).

Steve McQueen (album)

Steve McQueen is the second studio album by British band Prefab Sprout. It was released in June, 1985 through Kitchenware Records and in American it was retitled as Two Wheels Good due the naming conflict with McQueen's estate. It went to number 21 in the United Kingdom, number 178 in the United States, number 33 in New Zealand, number 48 in Australia and number 47 in Canada.

Mangawhai Heads

Mangawhai Heads is a township in the Kaipara District, New Zealand. It is 21 kilometers southeast of Waipu, 5 kilometers northeast of Mangawhai and is on the north shore of Mangawhai Harbour. 

Doyleston

Doyleston is a small settlement in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is 3 kilometers north of Leeston and was a thriving village with a school until it was overtaken by Leeston in the 1930s. It has a small park called Osborne Park that is regularly used for football. 

Zoran Stojadinović

Zoran Stojadinović (born 25 April 1961) is a Serbian former footballer. He played as striker. Now he is a players agent. 
He started his career in the youth of Red Star Belgrade. After playing for different clubs in Serbia he went to Austria and joined FC Admira Wacker Mödling. After one season he went to SK Rapid Wien. With Rapid he won the championsship in 1987/88. This season he was also top scorer of the Bundesliga.

After his time in Austria he went to Spain and played for RCD Mallorca, Deportivo de La Coruña and UE Figueres.
After ending his playing career, he became a players agent. In November 2012, he became sporting director with Red Star Belgrade. He was fired on 13 February 2014 by club management. 

Brynderwyn

Brynderwyn is a small settlement in the Kaipara District. It is between Whangārei and Wellsford. State Highway 1 and State Highway 12 meet there. The most fatal bus crashes in New Zealand history have happened there.

Bengali–Assamese languages

Bengali-Assamese languages is the name of a group of languages, which are spoken in Eastern India, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Nepal. This group belongs to the Eastern zone of Indo-Aryan languages. According to Glottolog, it includes Assamese, Bengali, Bishnupriya, Chakma, Chittagonian, Hajong, Kharia Thar, Kurmukar, Lodhi (also categorised as a Munda language), Mal Paharia, Noakhailla, Rajbangshi, Rohingya, Sylheti, Tangchangya and Surjapuri.

Christa Pitts (entrepreneur)

Christa Pitts is an American author from Georgia.

By the end of 2005, Christa Pitts teamed up with her mother and twin sister to share their cherished family Christmas tradition with the world through their book.

Christa was named the 2023 Southeast Ernst and Young "Entrepreneur Of The Year"

Christa began her career in 2001 as a program host, where she worked for two years and accumulated two thousand hours of live, unscripted TV experience.

Anna Fotyga

Anna Elzhbeta Fotyga ( ; pronounced [ˈanna fɔˈtɨɡa] nee Kavetska;  , Lembork, Poland ) — Polish politician, member of the European Parliament and general secretary of the Party of European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR) . She held the position of Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland and, in the offices of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz and Jarosław Kaczyński (2006–2007) and head of the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland (2007–2008). Permanent speaker of the Forum of the Free States of Post-Russia (2022-2023).

She graduated from the Faculty of Foreign Trade of the University of Gdańsk .

She started her career in the external relations department of the Solidarity trade union in 1981. After 1989, she was an expert and head of the external relations department of "Solidarity". She was the deputy mayor of Gdańsk (2002–2004), a member of the European Parliament (2004–2005), the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland (2006–2007), the head of the Administration of President Lech Kaczyński (2007–2008), an expert on foreign relations of the Law party and justice", a member of the Seimas — the lower house of the Polish parliament .
Anna Fotyga won 25,994 votes (second place in the region) in the 2004 European Parliament elections as a candidate for the Law and Justice (PiS) party in the Pomeranian Voivodeship .

On May 9, 2006, President Lech Kaczyński appointed Fotyga as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland instead of Stefan Möller . The opposition criticized her department for pursuing a policy of isolation towards Russia and Germany. On September 7, 2007, Fotyga was dismissed from his post, but reappointed on the same day; thus the Prime Minister and the President avoided her dismissal through a vote of no confidence prepared by the Civic Platform three months ago.

After the fall of the Kaczyński administration in 2007 , Radosław Sikorski was succeeded as Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland.

Until August 20, 2008, Fotyga was the head of the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland .
From 2014 to 2019, Fotyga served as the head of the European Parliament Subcommittee on Security and Defense . Since then, she has been a full member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the European Parliament and its subcommittee on security and defense.

In 2015, the media reported that Fotyga was included in the Russian list of people from the European Union who are prohibited from entering the country. 

In 2020 , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg appointed Fotyga to join a group of experts to support the work of further strengthening NATO's political dimension 

Fotyga's position on foreign affairs coincides with the political position of Law and Justice, which is based on the concept of Poland as a strong, independent country, ready to stand up to Russia or Germany when necessary. It also pursued a policy of close cooperation with the United States.

On November 23, 2016, Fotyga became the author of the European Parliament resolution "Strategic communications of the EU as a countermeasure against third-party propaganda" (on information countermeasures by the Russian media) regarding countering propaganda against the EU, which includes censorship of Russian media such as RT and Sputnik The resolution compares the influence of the Russian media to ISIS propaganda. The proposal was criticized by the Russian government and the European Federation of Journalists.

Fotyga:""Most of my life, under the communists and after them, was devoted to fighting the rhetoric planted by the Soviet Union and then the Russian Federation""In January 2023, the Euractiv media published an article by Anna Fotyga, in which she claims that""there is no and cannot be Russian gas, oil, aluminum, coal, uranium, diamonds, grain, forest, gold, etc. All these resources are Tatar, Bashkir, Siberian, Karelian, Oirat, Circassian, Buryat, Yakut, Ural, Kuban, Nogai and so on...Mikhail Lermontov stole the legends of the conquered Circassians, and the ethnic Ukrainian Mykola Gogol was always denied national self-awareness by the Russians...The prospects should be discussed creation of free and independent states in the post-Russian space, as well as guarantees of their future stability and prosperity. We must be aware that the collapse of the Russian Federation may cause certain difficulties and risks, like any transition period. However, these risks will turn out to be much greater if we leave this aggressive empire as it is.""

Fotyga is married and has two children.



Fly (Sugar Ray song)

"Fly" is a 1997 song by Sugar Ray and was taken from their second studio album "Floored" and appears twice on the album one featuring Super Cat and one without it. It went to number 58 in the United States, number 57 in Scotland, number 31 in Australia, number 21 in Iceland and number 1 in Canada.

Australian, European, and UK CD single

UK 7-inch single

Bishopdale, Nelson

Bishopdale is a suburb of Nelson and it lies south of the Nelson city centre, inland from Wakatu at the foot of Grampians Reserve. There is no public transport available.

Northern Chamber Orchestra

Northern Chamber Orchestra is a chamber orchestra based in Manchester, England. Established in 1967, the orchestra gives concerts at Heritage Centre, Macclesfield and The Stoller Hall, Manchester as well as a Christmas concert at Tatton Park, Knutsford and one-off engagements around the country. They are also currently the resident orchestra for the Buxton Festival.


WRCB

WRCB is a television station in Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States. It is affiliated with NBC. It has been owned by Sarkes Tarzian, Inc. since 1982. It signed on the air on May 6, 1956. Its studios are located on Whitehall Road on Chattanooga's north side.

Willard Libby

Willard Frank Libby (1908-1980) is known for developing radiocarbon dating, a process that revolutionized archaeology and palaeontology. In 1960, he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his contributions to the team that developed the process. Prior to this, he worked on radioactive elements and designed sensitive Geiger counters to measure weak natural and artificial radioactivity.

During World War II, Libby worked for the Manhattan Project and developed the gaseous diffusion process for uranium enrichment. After the war, he became a professor at the University of Chicago's Institute for Nuclear Studies, where he developed the technique for dating organic compounds using carbon-14. He also discovered that tritium and carbon-14 could be used for dating water, wine, and other materials.

From 1954 to 1959, Libby served as a commissioner of the Atomic Energy Commission, where he sided with Edward Teller on pursuing a crash program to develop the hydrogen bomb. He also participated in the Atoms for Peace program and defended atmospheric nuclear testing.

In 1959, Libby left the AEC to become a professor at UCLA, where he established the first Environmental Engineering program and served as a member of the California Air Resources Board. He also served as the director of the University of California's Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics, retiring in 1976

Willard Frank Libby was born in Colorado and grew up in California, attending the University of California Berkeley where he earned his Ph.D. in chemistry. He was fascinated by radioactive elements and worked on building sensitive Geiger counters to measure weak natural and artificial radioactivity. In the 1930s, he received a fellowship to work at Princeton University.

After graduating, Libby became an assistant professor in the department of chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1938. Two years later, he was appointed Instructor in the department. Libby's work was interrupted by his participation in World War II, where he worked in the Manhattan Project's Substitute Alloy Materials (SAM) Laboratories at Columbia University, developing the gaseous diffusion process for uranium enrichment. He returned to Berkeley after the war and was appointed professor of chemistry in 1954.

In 1959, Libby left the AEC to become a professor at UCLA, where he established the first Environmental Engineering program and served as a member of the California Air Resources Board. He also served as the director of the Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics and retired in 1976.

In 1941, Libby began working on the Manhattan Project, the US project to develop atomic bombs, as part of the Substitute Alloy Materials (SAM) Laboratories in New York City. He worked on the gaseous diffusion process to separate uranium-235 from the more abundant uranium-238. The SAM Labs were tasked with finding a way to separate out this rare isotope, which made up only 0.7 percent of natural uranium. Libby and his team studied different barriers to use in the uranium hexafluoride and successfully developed the Norris-Adler barrier, which underwent several tests. Eventually, the team was able to successfully enrich uranium to 23 percent, which was used in the Little Boy bomb dropped on Hiroshima. Libby's work on the gaseous diffusion process was essential in the development of the atomic bomb.

After World War II, Libby accepted a professorship at the University of Chicago, where he studied radioactivity and later developed a method to use carbon-14 to determine the age of objects in archaeology, geology, geophysics, and other branches of science. He also discovered that tritium, like carbon-14, could be used to date water and wine. In 1960, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his method, which revolutionized archaeology and other fields that study ancient artifacts.

After leaving the US Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), Libby became a professor of chemistry at the University of California, Los Angeles and the director of the statewide Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics. He also founded the first Environmental Engineering program at UCLA and served on the California Air Resources Board, working to develop and improve air quality standards. Despite his retirement, Libby remained active in his field until his death in 1980.

Libby was a respected scientist who received many awards and honors during his career, including a Nobel Prize for his work on carbon dating and his contributions to archaeology, geology, geophysics, and other fields. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and received awards such as the Chandler Medal, Remsen Memorial Lecture Award, Bicentennial Lecture Award, Nuclear Applications in Chemistry Award, Willard Gibbs Award, Albert Einstein Medal, Franklin Institute's Elliott Cresson Medal, Arthur L. Day Medal, American Chemical Society's Joseph Priestley Award, Geological Society of America's Arthur L. Day Medal, Gold Medal of the American Institute of Chemists, Lehman Award, and more. The University of Chicago received a citation for his work on radiocarbon dating.

He was married to Leonor Hickey for a short period in the early 1940s and they had two daughters. He then married Leona Woods Marshall, a nuclear physicist, in 1966 and they stayed together until his death in 1980. The couple had two stepchildren from Marshall's first marriage. He died from complications related to pneumonia. His papers were donated to the Charles E. Young Research Library at UCLA.

NAPA Auto Parts

NAPA Auto Parts is an American retailers' cooperative. It distributes automotive replacement parts, accessories and service items throughout North America. It has 6,000 NAPA Auto Parts stores in the United States. It was founded in 1925. 

Smart &amp; Final

Smart & Final is a chain of warehouse-style food and supply stores. It is based in Commerce, California. It operates over 250 stores in the Western United States and 15 in northwestern Mexico. It was founded in 1871 in Los Angeles.

INSP (TV network)

INSP is an American digital cable television network. It features primarily westerns. It is headquartered in Indian Land, South Carolina - a suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. It was originally a non-profit ministry focused network. It was relaunched as a socially conservative, commercial-supported family entertainment network in 2010. It was launched in 1978.

MTV Chi

MTV Chi was a spin-off network from MTV. It was targeted at Chinese Americans. It showed music such as Mando pop, Canto pop and Chinese American hip hop. It started on December 6, 2005. It stopped on April 30, 2007.

Cable One

Cable One is an American broadband communications provider. It operates under the Sparklight brand. It provides service to 24 states and 1.1 million residential and business customers. It was founded in 1986. It is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, though it does not serve that metro area.

Order of the White Rose of Finland

Order of the White Rose of Finland, is a Finnish order given for well-done duty to the fatherland, the order can be received by citizens and foreigners as well.

Chapman Entertainment

Chapman Entertainment was a British television production company. It was founded by Keith Chapman and Greg Lynn. It was based in London, England. It was founded in 2001. It was created for the purpose of exploiting both the intellectual property rights of Chapman's creations and also those of interested third parties.

5th Avenue (candy)

5th Avenue is a candy bar made by The Hershey Company and was introduced in 1936. It has a layered crisp peanut butter covered with chocolate. The candy bar was named after 5th Avenue, in New York City.

Vesele

Vesele or Veselé can be





Baby Keem discography

American rapper and record producer Baby Keem has made one studio album, two mixtapes, four extended plays (EP), and ten singles. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) says he has sold one million certified albums and five million certified singles in the United States.

After the release of some EPs and mixtapes, Baby Keem was given big attention by his second mixtape, "Die for My Bitch", which also had the sleeper hit lead single, "Orange Soda". The song became his first to be put on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, while the mixtape was his first song on the "Billboard" 200. Baby Keem continued to rise in attention with his first studio album "The Melodic Blue", released through pgLang and Columbia Records on September 10, 2021. The album was rated good by music critics and was his first top-10 album on the "Billboard" 200. It had the big singles "Durag Activity" with Travis Scott and "Family Ties" with Kendrick Lamar; with Family Ties being rated a top-20 single on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Kendrick Lamar and some artists — "Black Panther: The Album"
Jay Rock — "Redemption"

Schoolboy Q — "Crash Talk"
Beyoncé and various artists — ""

Baby Keem — "The Melodic Blue"


Baby Keem — "The Melodic Blue" (B-side)

Kendrick Lamar — "Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers"


Offset — Non-album single
Baby Keem — "The Melodic Blue" (deluxe)


Mounds (candy bar)

Mounds is a chocolate bar made by The Hershey Company. It has shredded, sweetened coconut covered in dark chocolate. It was created in 1920 as a single piece for 5 cents. In 1929, the Peter Paul Candy Manufacturing Company bought the line and began production.

Almond Joy

Almond Joy is a chocolate bar made by The Hershey Company. It has sweetened, shredded coconut topped with whole almonds and covered in chocolate. It was introduced in 1946 as a replacement for the Dreams Bar, which was introduced in 1934.

White Castle (restaurant)

White Castle is an American fast food restaurant. It was founded on September 13, 1921 in Wichita, Kansas. It has 345 locations across 13 states. It makes small hamburgers called "sliders". It is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.

Obelisk (biology)

Obelisks are a newly discovered life form, as of early 2024. Obelisks are very small; they are smaller than viruses. They are like viruses but different. Obelisks "are flattened circles of RNA." There is great variety in their specific shapes: about 30,000 different shapes have been identified so far. Obelisks have been found in humans' mouths and other parts of the digestive tract. "These mysterious bits of genetic material have no detectable sequences or even structural similarities known to any other biological agents." How obelisks relate to their environment is not yet known. 


Chenjerai Hunzvi

Chenjerai "Hitler" Hunzvi (23 October 1949 – 4 June 2001) served as Chairman of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association beginning in 1997.

Philautus amabilis

Philautus amabilis is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 1550 and 1636 meters above sea level in one place and 1825 meters above sea level in another place.

Big Y

Big Y is an American supermarket chain. It is in Massachusetts and Connecticut. It is one of the largest independently owned supermarket chains in New England and it employs over 12,000 people. It was founded in 1936.

2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial election

The 2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial election happened on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Massachusetts. The main two candidates were Maura Healey, of the Democratic Party, and Geoff Diehl, of the Republican Party. The then Governor, Charlie Baker did not run for a third term (even though he was allowed and not term limited), for reasons that remain unclear. Kim Driscoll and Leah Cole Allen were the running mates for Healey and Diehl respectively. Healey and Driscoll ended up winning the election by a sizable margin, and Healey became the first Democrat to be elected governor of Massachusetts since Deval Patrick in 2010, as well as the first female elected to be governor in Massachusetts. 

Diehl's campaign was marked by the endorsement of one man, Donald Trump. Trump made controversial statements about Diehl on the campaign trail, which was seen as many as the downfall of Diehl's campaign, and the Massachusetts Republican Party in general. With this victory, Healey secured a Democratic trifecta in government.

Geoff Diehl

Geoffrey G. Diehl is an American Republican politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. He is best known for his runs in both the 2018 United States Senate election in Massachusetts, and in the 2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial election, both of which were unsuccessful.

Hailing from Austin, Texas and graduating at Lehigh College in Pennsylvania, Diehl was a member of the Democratic Party until around 2009, when he switched to the Republican Party. In his first electoral run, he beat then Massachusetts House member Allen McCarthy for the 7th Plymouth seat, before winning reelection two more times. When Thomas Kennedy, a sitting Massachusetts Senate member, died, Diehl ran for his seat in the special election, before falling to Michael Brady.

Diehl is a Trump Republican, and ran on a Pro Trump platform in both of his notable electoral runs. Since Massachusetts is one of the most Anti Trump states in the United States, it heavily damaged his campaigns, and led to his defeat twice.

Bight (geography)

A bight in geography refers to a concave bend or curvature in a coastline, river, or other geographical feature, or it may refer to a very open bay formed by such a feature. Bights are typically broad, open, shallow, and only slightly recessed, and they are shallower than sounds. They may pose hazards to navigation and are clearly marked on nautical charts. The term is derived from Old English byht, meaning "bend, angle, corner; bay, bight.

Trump Republican

A Trump Republican is a member of the Republican Party in the United States who supports the policies and beliefs of Donald Trump, the fourty fifth President of the United States. Trump Republicans tend to be some of the most conservative members of the Republican Party in not only the general public, but also in Congress, with the House of Representatives in particular having some of the most notable Trumpist Republicans (such as Matt Gaetz, Marjorie Taylor Greene, etc.).

Susannah Whipps

Susannah M. Whipps (formerly known as Susannah Whipps Lee) is a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, first sworn in on January 7, 2015. Elected to the Massachusetts House as a Republican, she eventually switched to being an independent, and is the only independent in all of the Massachusetts legislature.

Whipps serves on the Joint Committee on Mental Health and Substance Abuse, Joint Committee on Municipalities and Regional Government, Joint Committee on Elder Affairs, and the Joint Committee on State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. She also serves on the Statewide Taskforce on Child Sexual Abuse Prevention. Whipps is a co-owner of Whipps, Inc. a local stainless-steel equipment manufacturer.


Vanessa Ferlito

Vanessa Ferlito is an American actress. She is known for playing Detective Aiden Burn in the first season of the CBS crime drama CSI: NY, as well as for her recurring portrayal of Claudia Hernandez in FOX drama 24, and for her starring roles as FBI Agent Charlie DeMarco in the USA Network series Graceland and as Tammy Gregorio on the CBS crime drama series NCIS: New Orleans. She has also appeared in a number of films, including Spider-Man 2 (2004), Shadowboxer (2005), Man of the House (2005), Gridiron Gang (2006), Death Proof (2007), Nothing like the Holidays (2008), Madea Goes to Jail (2009), Julie & Julia (2009), Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010), and Stand Up Guys (2012).
Vanessa Ferlito - Biography - IMDb

Spicks and Specks (song)

"Spicks and Specks" is a 1966 song written by Bee Gees and is the title track to their second studio album "Spicks and Specks". It topped the single charts in New Zealand and Australia, number 56 in Japan and number 2 in the Netherlands.

Hinds, New Zealand

Hinds is a small town in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated on State Highway 1 with Ashburton and Tinwald in the north, Timaru in the south and Geraldine in the southwest. It has a primary school that opened in January 1881.

Maramarua

Maramarua is a small town in the north-eastern Waikato region. State Highway 2 runs through the settlement and has one of the highest crash rates in the country and has a primary school.

Arundel, New Zealand

Arundel is a small settlement in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is situated 15 kilometers north of Geraldine and east of Peel Forest. It is located on the southern side of the Rangitata River and has a timberyard in the village and is in the Carew Peel Forest school zone.

Wolfgang Breuer

Wolfgang Breuer (24 May 1944) is a former German football player. He played as striker. During his time in Innsbruck he won the championship and the cup 1972-73. He also was top scorer with 22 goals. From 1965 to 1980 he scored 247 goals for FC Bayern Hof, Wacker Innsbruck and SpVgg Bayreuth 
Wolfgang Breuer went through all age groups of Tuspo Bayreuth's youth department. In the 1965/66 season Breuer moved from B league team Tuspo Bayreuth to FC Bayern Hof in the Regionalliga Süd. After refusing offers from Bayern Munich, 1. FC Cologne, VfB Stuttgart and 1. FC Kaiserslautern he moved to Austria to Wacker Innsbruck. In the 1972/73 season he became champion and cup winner in Austria. With 22 goals he was also top scorer of the league. 1974 he moved to SpVgg Bayreuth. Breuer played his last game on 29 May 1982 in the home game against SC Freiburg.

Professionally, Wolfgang Breuer worked for the Bayreuth city administration for 29 years. Even during his football career he was always working. It was not possible to make a living through football alone at Bayern Hof or at SpVgg Bayreuth.

Juliet (Robin Gibb song)

"Juliet" is a 1983 song by Robin Gibb and is the leading single from his second studio album "How Old Are You?". It went to number 94 in the United States, number 1 in Switzerland, Italy and Germany, number 14 in the Netherlands and number 2 in Austria. It was very popular in Europe.

Before He Cheats

"Before He Cheats" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Before He Cheats" was directed by Roman White.

It made history on CMT's Top Twenty Countdown for being at number one for consecutive five weeks.

Two Black Cadillacs

"Two Black Cadillacs" is a 2012 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her fourth studio album "Blown Away". It went to number 41 in the United States and number 52 in Canada. It also went to number 4 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 3 on the Canadian Country charts.

Sheffield, New Zealand

Sheffield (formerly known as Malvern) is a small town in the Selwyn District and is on State Highway 73 and has a neighbouring village Waddington beside it. It is situated 13 kilometers west of Darfield and 10 kilometers east of Springfield. It has a primary school that merged with three small schools in 1949 and the local hotel was burnt down in September 2021.

2025 MotoGP World Championship

The 2025 FIM MotoGP World Championship will be the premier class of the 77th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.

All teams use series-specified Michelin tyres.

Durag Activity

"Durag Activity" (wrote in all lowercase) is a song by American rappers Baby Keem and Travis Scott, released on April 30, 2021, by Columbia Records and PGLang as one of the singles from Keem's first studio album "The Melodic Blue" (2021). The song was written by Keem and Scott with producer Brick!.

The song was announced by Baby Keem on April 21, 2021, before it was released in April 30.

In May 2021, Madonna posted a photo of herself wearing a bandana with "durag activity" in the captions on Twitter. Keem responded to the post with, "...Can I send you a Durag?" and then he said, "did I humble Madonna?"

Wongo Okon of Uproxx describes the song as Baby Keem "leading the way with near-mumble raps" before Travis Scott "arrives with his trademark autotune croons (style)". In the song, Baby Keem and Travis Scott talk about "money, influence, and women in their lives", which they describe as "durag activity", over a "clicking, slinking" beat. "Distorted piano chords" can also be heard in the instrumental.

Sophie Caraan of "Hypebeast" said, "The effortless (easy) delivery from both Keem and Scott provide a new layer of texture for the bars they drop (lyrics) — which are mostly about getting rich — and almost gives it a new meaning, putting emphasis on the importance fusion of flow, cadence and lyricism." Erika Marie of "HotNewHipHop" called the song "laid back" and "slow-burning".

The music video for the song was released on April 30, 2021. Directed by Eliel Ford, it shows Baby Keem as a mob boss and opens with him in a suit, rapping his verse while someone in the background is beat up. After "laying hands on an enemy", Keem gets tied to a chair with Travis Scott, but they "get out the situation".

Charles Monck, 4th Viscount Monck

Charles Stanley Monck, 4th Viscount MonckGCMG PC (10 October 1819 – 29 November 1894) was an Irish politician who served as the last governor-general of the Province of Canada and the first Governor General of Canada after Canadian Confederation.

Pirita

Pirita can be


Big Lots

Big Lots is an American discount retail chain. It is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, United States. It traces its history back to 1967 when Consolidated Stores Corporation was formed in Ohio by Sol Shenk. It has 1,426 stores.

Topo Chico

Topo Chico is a brand of sparkling mineral water from Mexico. has been sourced from and bottled in Monterrey, Mexico since 1895. The drink takes its name from the mountain Cerro del Topo Chico in Monterrey. It is both naturally carbonated at the source and artificially carbonated.
Grey catbird

The Gray catbird (Dumetella carolinensis), (also spelled grey catbird), is a medium sized North American and Central American bird. It is the only member of the "catbird" genus Dumetella. It is the basal lineages of the Mockingbird family, closely related to the thrasher and tremblers then the mockingbirds. In some areas it is known as the slate-colored mockingbird.

Longhorn Network

Longhorn Network is an American regional sports network. It is owned as a joint venture between The University of Texas at Austin, ESPN and Learfield, and is operated by ESPN. It was launched on August 26, 2011. It focuses on the Texas Longhorns varsity sports teams of the University of Texas at Austin.

Tri-State Christian Television

Tri-State Christian Television is a religious television network in the United States. It was founded in May 1977 by spouses Garth and Tina Coonce. includes traditional televangelism, talk shows, children-oriented programming, southern gospel music, and feature films with Christian themes.

Tick Tock

Tick tock, tic toc or Tik Tok may refer to:


List of bishops, prince-bishops, and administrators of Minden

This list records the bishops

Thietmar of Minden 1185–1206

Franz von Waldeck 1530–1553

Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg 1553–1554

Henry Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg 1582–1585

Christian, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg 1599–1625

Franz Wilhelm von Wartenberg 1631–1648

The Prince-Bishopric was converted into a heritable monarchy, the Principality of Minden, ruled in personal union by the House of Hohenzollern in Brandenburg

Rainy Dayz

"Rainy Dayz" is a 2002 song by Mary J. Blige featuring Ja Rule and was taken from her fifth studio album "No More Drama". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 29 in Scotland and Australia, number 25 in Ireland and number 13 in the Netherlands.

CD 1

CD 2

Salil al-Sawarim

Salil al-Sawarim or Saleel al-Sawarim (Clashing of the Swords) is a song made for ISIS in 2014 and is commonly used in their propaganda and used in videos about terrorism. The lyrics of the song talk about bloodshed, martyrdom and war. The song was produced by the Ajnad Foundation, with the recitation of the lyrics recited by Abu Yasir (ra).The song is mainly featured in their beheading videos and other propaganda. The music is also commonly removed from video streaming platforms such as the Internet Archive or Vine.

The lyrics of the song are below:

On Deadly Ground

On Deadly Ground is a 1994 American action adventure movie directed by first time director Steven Seagal (who also stars) and also starring Michael Caine, Billy Bob Thornton, Joan Chen, R. Lee Ermey, Shari Shattuck, Mike Starr, Stephen Root. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won a Razzie for worst directing in 1995.


The Wicker Man (song)

"The Wicker Man" is a 2000 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the leading single from their 12th studio album "Brave New World". It is titled after the 1973 movie "The Wicker Man" and went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, Norway and Scotland, number 1 in Greece, number 11 in Finland, number 4 in Canada, number 3 in Italy, number 35 in Ireland and number 5 in Spain and Sweden.

Standard edition

Limited edition disc 1

Limited edition disc 2

12-inch picture disc LP

Springfield, New Zealand

Springfield called Kowai Pass until 1880 is a small town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated west of Sheffield and Annat and is the major route to the skifields and the West Coast. In May 2021, Springfield suffered from record amounts of rainfall. It has the donut from the Simpsons and the primary school opened in 1872.

Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves

Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves (Arabic: علي بابا والأربعون لصا) is a middle eastern folktale in Arabic. It was added to "One Thousand and One Nights" in the 18th century. Many different versions of the story have been told till now in various languages, with some differences in title and details.

The tale was introduced to the collection in 18th-century by a French translator named Antoine Galland, who used to study the language, culture, history, or customs of countries in Asia. He wrote the tale from the oral traditions of a Syrian Maronite storyteller Hanna Diyab. It was not a part of the original collection which was in Arabic version, but was instead added to the collection later on by Antoine Galland after he heard it from Hanna Diyab during Diyab's visit to Paris in 1709.
Years ago, two brothers named Ali baba and Cassim (also spelled Qasim) lived in Persia. After the death of their father, who was a merchant; both the brothers together managed their father's business. Elder brother Cassim was very greedy. He took over the entire business in a wrong way and threw Alibaba out of the house. After this, Ali baba went to some colony and started living a life of poverty in a hut with his wife. He used to go to the forest every day, cut wood and sell it in the market to earn his living.

One day, while Ali baba was cutting wood in the forest, he overhear a group of 40 thieves who were coming to their secret location with bundles of gold coins. Seeing this he understood that all of them were thieves. Ali baba hid behind a tree and started watching them. The leader of the thieves stood in front of a cave and said, "open sesame"; After this, the door of that cave opened up and all the 40 thieves went inside that cave. While going inside, the last thief said, "close seasame", and the door of the cave closed.

When the thieves and their leader left the cave, Ali baba went to the cave himself and chanted the same words, "open seasame" on which the door opened up. Ali baba then takes a single bag of gold coins to his home. After going home, Ali baba told his wife about this whole story. His wife was surprised to see so many Ashrafis-"(name of local money in Arabic)" together and sat down to count them. Then Alibaba said that there are so many gold coins that it would take whole night to count them. He dig a hole and hide the gold, so that no one suspects them. Ali baba's wife said - We cannot count them, but I can weigh them for an estimate.

Ali Baba's wife ran to Cassim's house and asked his wife for scales to weigh the wheat. Seeing this, Cassim's wife became suspicious of him. She wondered how these poor people suddenly had so much wheat. She went inside and after putting some glue under the scale, she gave it to her.

At night, Ali baba's wife weighed all the Ashrafis and returned their scales early in the morning. When Cassim's wife turned the scale upside down, there was a gold coin stuck on it. She told this to her husband. Cassim and his wife became very angry. Both of them did not sleep the whole night. As soon as the morning came, Cassim went to Alibaba's house and started asking him about the source of his money. Hearing this, Alibaba said that you have some misunderstanding. I am just a simple woodcutter. Cassim said that your wife had taken the scales from our house yesterday to weigh the "ashrafis". Look, this gold coin has been found stuck on the scale. Tell me the whole truth or I will tell everyone that you are a theif. Hearing this, Ali baba told the whole story truthfully.

Cassim got greedy in his mind. He made a plan to grab that treasure and reached the cave the next day. He also took a donkey with him, so that he could load the treasure on it. After reaching the cave, he did as Ali baba had told him. As soon as he said 'Open seasame', the door of the cave opened. After reaching inside, he was very shocked to see the treasure all around. He filled the sacks with gold coins but forgot what to say while going out.

Cassim made many attempts to get out of the cave, but could not find any way. He gets imprisoned inside the cave. After some time, when the gang of thieves reached there, they saw that a donkey was tied outside. They understand that someone has come here. The thieves went inside and the moment they find Cassim, they kill him.

When his brother does not come back, Ali baba goes to the cave to look for him, and finds the body quartered and with each piece displayed just inside the cave's entrance, as a warning to anyone else who might try to enter.

Ali baba brings the corpse home and buried it, declaring it a natural death without telling anyone. At the request of Cassim's wife, Ali baba and his wife start taking over Cassim's business and start living with her.

The thieves, finding the body gone, realize that another person must have known their secret, and so, they set sent one of the thief to track him down. He goes to the village and finds out in a few days whose house has died. The thieves find Ali baba's house. The thief put a cross mark outside his house, so that it would be easier for them to recognize his house at night. At the same time, when Ali baba saw the cross mark outside his house, he understood that the thieves had found the house. He put a similar sign outside everyone's house. When the thieves came at night, they became confused after seeing such marks on everyone's house and went back.

The leader of thieves was not one to sit quietly. He sent his men to that locality to find out who had recently become rich there. From this he came to know about Ali baba. He recognized her house well and reached her house at night disguised as an oil merchant. He took with him 40 oil casks, of which 39 contained thieves and one cask contained oil. He thought that when everyone would sleep at night, they would all together kill Ali baba. He befriended Ali baba and asked permission to stay at his house for the night. Ali baba fed him and allowed him to stay for the night. Morgiana (Arabic: مرجانة Murjāna), a clever slave-girl from Cassim's household discovers the plan, killing the 38 thieves in their oil jars by pouring boiling oil on them. When their leader comes to call his men, he discovers they are all dead so he escapes. The next morning, Morgiana tells Ali baba about the thieves in the jars. They bury them, and Ali Baba shows his gratitude by giving Morgiana her freedom.

Now, Ali baba was the only owner of all the treasures of those forty thieves as well as of his father's business. He had become the richest man in the country and started living happily with his wife and children.


Philautus thamyridion

Philautus thamyridion is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 911 and 1946 meters above sea level in Sumatra.

Cigarette smoking for weight loss

Cigarette smoking for weight loss is a method of losing weight by consuming tobacco usually in the form of cigarettes to decrease their appetite. Tobacco smoking was seen as related to decreasing appetite by Native Americans and Old World Europeans. Many cigarette companies also made connections between smoking and slimness mainly in advertisements targeting females. 
Nicotine is shown as unhealthy by public health professionals even though it is an appetite suppressant. Nicotine also influences a person's eating habits and what they eat. A study on nicotine's effects showed that nicotine decreased blood pressure, heart rate, and fat. Nicotine gum is also commonly used instead of cigarettes for weight loss and is commonly prescribed by health professionals. Nicotine also lowers insulin levels which reduces and eventually removes the want for food high in fructose. Furthermore, Nicotine helps burn off calories during exercise as well and makes you feel full which can prevent illnesses like diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome.

Travelling Riverside Blues

"Travelling Riverside Blues" is song by blues singer Robert Johnson. It was recorded in 1937 during his last session and went unreleased until its inclusion on his 1961 album "King of the Delta Blues Singers".

In 1969, Led Zeppelin recorded "Travelling Riverside Blues" for the BBC studios session at Aeolian Hall during their 1969 UK tour. It went to number 7 on the Billboard Top Rock charts and made #57 in Canada.

Lonely Boy (The Black Keys song)

"Lonely Boy" is a 2011 song by The Black Keys and is the leading single from their seventh studio album "El Camino". It is one of their most successful songs from the band and went to number 64 in the United States, number 80 in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands and number 33 in Canada. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 2013.

How Old Are You? (Robin Gibb song)

"How Old Are You?" is a 1983 song by Robin Gibb and is the title track to his second studio album "How Old Are You?". It went to number 93 in the United Kingdom and number 37 in Germany.

Yunus Emre

Yunus Emre () also known as Derviş Yûnus (Yûnus the Dervish) (1238–1320) was a Turkish folk poet and Sufi who left a great impact on Turkish literature from his time to ours. He was one of the first known poets to write in Old Anatolian Turkish - after Sultan Walad "(eldest son of Rumi)."

He was a popular poet who died at the age of eighty. Turkish researchers believe that he was born and lived in a village called Sarıköy near Sivrihisar. He used to write in Old Anatolian Turkish language.

Yunus Emre's poems, with their simplicity - to some level - are proof of his skill in describing difficult Sufi concepts in a clear way. His collection of poems, called the "Divan", was compiled after his death. Yunus Emre's most important book is "Risaletu’n Nushiyye". He remains a well known figure in a number of countries, from Azerbaijan to the Balkans to Pakistan, with seven different nations or places talking about having the honor of his grave within their borders. His poems, written in the tradition of Anatolian folk poetry, were primarily focused on divine love as well as human destiny. Some of the lines from his poem reads:
"My name is Yunus Emre.
Every passing day fuels my fire (i.e.: my longing). What I want in both worlds is one thing (i.e.: the home of this world and the home of the hereafter).
You are the one I need.. (i.e.: Allah Almighty)""

"Why are you afraid of death (Oh people)? Don’t be afraid! You will live forever (in afterlife)

a poem about Prophet Muhammad, Ali, Hasan and Husayn:

Some of his life journey is shown in "" which is a fictional drama that ran for two seasons and 44 episodes. It was Premiered in 2015 on Turkish National Television (TRT). The series goes deep into the life of Yunus Emre. It was created by Mehmet Bozdağ who is well known for his historical-fictional series. The series had Gökhan Atalay as Yunus Emre, The series was met with positive response from around the world.

Apart from this television series, Yunus Emre's life has also been portrayed in few turkish movies and in a song.

Wolfgang Gayer

Wolfgang Gayer (9 January 1943) is a former German football player and coach. He played as midfielder. In the 1964-65 season while playing for Wiener Sport-Club he became top scorer of the Austrian league.
After the beginning with SC Neckarstadt Gayer played in Austria for Wiener Sport-Club from 1963 to 1966. In the 1964-65 season he was top scorer in the league with 18 goals. 1967 he became Southwest champion with Borussia Neunkirchen. They won the promotion round. There he scored 7 goals in 8 matches. Neunkirchen was promoted to the Bundesliga. After Borussia's direct relegation from the Bundesliga in 1967/68, he played another season at Wiener SC. There he scored 15 goals in 1968/69 and reached the the cup final. 

1969 he moved to Hertha BSC. He was in the team that lost 0-1 against Arminia Bielefeld. After the match, the players accepted money for the loss. Because of his involvement in the Bundesliga scandal, Gayer was banned in June 1972 and pardoned in November 1973. During this time he played in South Africa for Durban City FC and Hellenic FC. With Durban he became champion.

When he came back to Germany he played for TSV 1860 Munich until the end of the 1973/74 season.Then he moved again to Austria and played for LASK . In 1980 he ended his professional career.
In 1978 he was caretaker coach of LASK. In the 2000s he worked as a coach at FC Adria Mannheim. Afterwards, he worked for the Polizei SV Mannheim police for a few years . Then he was coach of SSV Vogelstang. 

Yunusemre, Mihalıçcık

Yunusemre (former name: Saru) is a neighbourhood of the municipality and district of Mihalıççık, Eskişehir Province, Turkey. It is named after the great Turkish poet Yunus Emre (1238–1320) whose tomb is in the town.

Yunusemre is situated along the Porsuk River and the railroad connecting Ankara to Istanbul. It is 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of Eskişehir.

Ibrahim Iskandar of Johor

Sultan Ibrahim ibni Almarhum Sultan Iskandar (Jawi: سلطان إبراهيم ابن المرحوم سلطان إسکندر; born 22 November 1958) is the seventeenth and current Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King of Malaysia). He is also the 5th Sultan of Modern Johor since ascending to the throne following the death of his father, Sultan Iskandar in 2010.

Alpha-amylase

α-Amylase is an enzyme. It breaks down (hydrolyses) the bonds of large α-linked polysaccharides, such as starch and glycogen. This gives shorter chains of dextrin and maltose.

It is the main form of amylase in humans and other mammals. It is also present in seeds containing starch as a food reserve, and is secreted by many fungi. 

Many people have more than one α-Amylase because they have tandem repeats of the gene. That shows how important the gene became to humans in their relatively recent evolution..

A diastase is any enzyme which breaks down starch.

Aarani district

Aarani district is one of the 39 districts of Tamil Nadu. The district's capital, Aarani, is one of the smallest in Tamil Nadu.

It is in the heart region of the state. The area of the district is 4,404 square kilometers. The population of the district is 27,22,290.

Pinocchio paradox

The Pinocchio Paradox, considered a spinoff of the classic Liar paradox, has used the fictional character, Pinocchio.

In the fairy tales, Whenever Pinocchio says a lie, his nose grows, and since then people have thought of a paradox that fits it. The Paradox states that Pinocchio says, "My nose will grow now!" and since he can't magically grow a nose, it would grow, right? Well, then it wouldn't grow because then his statement would be true, and it wouldn't grow, but by not growing, it's a lie and it's supposed to grow and the cycle repeats. The paradox was invented by Veronique Eldridge Smith, who thought of it as a counter-example to the Liar paradox.

Pinocchio's nose is a paradoxical bit, but we can put an end to this paradox, by simply assuming that what Pinocchio said is a false prediction. Pinocchio said that his nose would grow, but what he said is only a false assumption, and merely just a guess.

Plant cuticle

A plant cuticle is a protective cover on the outer skin of leaves, young shoots, and other parts of plants that grow above the ground. 

It is made of lipids and hydrocarbon polymers mixed with wax. The plant's skin cells make it. The plant cuticle can be removed from the rest of the plant by using enzymes like pectinase and cellulose.

The plant cuticle is one of the things that plants developed over 450 million years ago when they moved from life in water to life on land. Along with other features like stomata, xylem and phloem, and spaces between cells, the cuticle helps plants save water. It acts like a waterproof covering, protecting the places where gases are moved. The stomatal guard cells, a kind of control mechanism, manage how much water evaporates and how much carbon dioxide gets exchanged.

The cuticle is made up of a tough membrane filled with waxes. The main part of this membrane is a polyester polymer called cutin, made of special acids. Another component is a non-saponifiable hydrocarbon polymer called cutan. The membrane is loaded with waxes, and there are additional waxes on top of it, which are a mix of hydrophobic compounds. These compounds are often long chains of carbon atoms.

Cuticular wax mainly consists of compounds derived from very-long-chain fatty acids (VLCFAs), like aldehydes, alcohols, alkanes, ketones, and esters. There are also other compounds not derived from VLCFAs, like terpenoids, flavonoids, and sterols.

The process of making cuticular wax involves the creation of long acyl chains in chloroplasts, followed by extending these chains in the endoplasmic reticulum of epidermal cells. An important helper in this process is the fatty acid elongase (FAE) complex.

To create cuticular wax, VLCFAs undergo two main pathways: an acyl reduction pathway and a decarbonylation pathway. In the acyl reduction pathway, VLCFAs turn into primary alcohols, which can then become wax esters through a wax synthase. In the decarbonylation pathway, aldehydes change into alkanes and can further transform into secondary alcohols and ketones. The process ends with transporting the wax components from the endoplasmic reticulum to the surface of the epidermis.

In certain plants, especially in moss and vascular plants, having a protective cuticle from the parent plant helps the new plants survive better. In flowering plants, the cuticle is usually thicker on the upper side of the leaf, but not always. Plants in dry areas have more even cuticle thickness compared to plants in wet areas.

Besides preventing water loss, the cuticle also acts as a defence. It makes a barrier that stops viruses, bacteria, and fungi from getting in.

Triangle choke

A triangle choke, or sankaku-jime in judo, is a type of Choke hold that encircles the other person's neck and one arm using your legs. This resembles the shape of a triangle. When pressure is applied using the legs and the other persons shoulder, the blood flow from the carotid artery to the brain is constricted, resulting in a loss of consciousness. On average, it will take 9.5 seconds for the other person to lose consciousness when the choke is applied. This choke is also commonly used in jujutsu and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.

The triangle choke is usually applied from the guard position, where you are controlling the opponent with your legs. However, the choke can also be applied from different mounting positions.

Windows Nashville

Nashville was a cancelled OS by Microsoft, It was named as Windows 96. and it seems similar to Windows 2000 and Windows NT 4.0 They are for work.

Not to be confused with Mikesoft Windows 96 (Parody)

And there isn't much information about Windows Nashville.

Eli Stone

Eli Stone is an American legal comedy-drama television series, named for its title character. It was created by Greg Berlanti and Marc Guggenheim, who also served as executive producers alongside Ken Olin who directed the pilot, with Melissa Berman producing. The series ran on ABC from January 31, 2008 to July 11, 2009, for two seasons. 

Gray Television

Gray Television is an American publicly traded television broadcasting company. It is based in Atlanta, Georgia. It was founded in 1946 by James Harrison Gray as Gray Communications Systems. It owns or operates 180 stations across the United States in 113 markets.

Sale of the Century

Sale of the Century is an American television game show. It originally debuted on September 29, 1969, on NBC daytime. It was one of three NBC game shows to premiere on that date, the other two being the short-lived game shows Letters to Laugh-In and Name Droppers. The game consists of contestants answering general knowledge questions. At certain points during the game, the player currently in the lead is offered an "Instant Bargain", a prize to keep regardless of the game's outcome, in exchange for a certain amount deducted from that contestant's score.

Sprinkles

Sprinkles are small pieces of confectionery used as an often colourful decoration or to add texture to desserts such as brownies, cupcakes, doughnuts or ice cream. The tiny candies are produced in a variety of colors and are generally used as a topping or a decorative element. The "Dictionary of American Regional English" defines them as "tiny balls or rod-shaped bits of candy used as a topping for ice-cream, cakes and other."

Vershawn Ashanti Young

Vershawn Ashanti Young (also known as Dr. Vay) is a researcher of language and performance. Young is known for encouraging "code-meshing" instead of code-switching. His research shows that it is not good for people to have to speak and write in a different way at work or at school than they write and speak at home. Young argues that when schools require "Standard English" it can be harmful to students of those schools. Instead, professional and school writing should include culture-specific communication styles.

Young is a professor of Black Studies at the University of Waterloo. Young works in two departments at the university: the Department of Communication Arts and the Department of English Language and Literature. He specializes in African American English. He also studies how ideas about gender appear in language. 

He was born on a unknown date to his mother Dorothy Jean Young as his father Richard Curtis Moore had left him due to unknown circumstances. His mother completed college and graduate school when he was a child. She taught him to love reading. Reading books made it hard to make friends. His school did not expect him to succeed because he was a black person. He later discovered that he could get better grades by "acting white," but then his black classmates would not like him. He had to find his own way of behaving because he did not fit in anywhere.

Young grew up in the Horner Projects in Chicago. He went to college. Then he completed law school at Mitchell Hamline College of Law and got a Ph.D. in English from the University of Illinois Chicago.

Young taught English and Drama in a Chicago high school. He thought the school wanted him to teach Black students to act white. But he wanted students to do good academic work in their own style of language. 

Young became a school principal. He began doing some work at the University of Illinois Chicago. He was teaching other school principals. Classes at the university were free for university employees. He decided to get his Ph.D. in English because it did not cost money. He liked university work a lot. 

Young has been a professor at the University of Iowa and the University of Kentucky. He is now a professor in the Department of Communication Arts and the Department of English Language and Literature at the University of Waterloo. He chaired the Convention of the Conference on College Composition and Communication in 2019. 

He also writes and performs one-man shows.

Wonder Girl (Cassie Sandsmark)

Wonder Girl (real name Cassandra "Cassie" Sandsmark) is a fictional superheroine from the DC Comics and its universe. She is the daughter of the Greek God Zeus and Dr. Helena Sandsmark, and is the second person to hold the "Wonder Girl" title, the first being Donna Troy. However, in the New 52, Wonder Girl is the granddaughter to Zeus, and her aunt is the superheroine Wonder Woman. Wonder Girl is also a prominent member of the superhero teams Teen Titans and Young Justice.

She was created by John Byrne, and first appeared in "Wonder Woman Vol 2 #105" in January of 1996.

Yara Flor

Yara Flor is a fictional superheroine from DC Comics. She is an Amazon-Guarani hybrid who is one of the few heroines to use the identity of Wonder Girl. In Future State, she is depicted as being the next Wonder Woman in an erased future viewed by Wonder Woman.

She was created by Joëlle Jones and first appeared in "Dark Nights: Death Metal #7" (January 2021).

Philautus polymorphus

Philautus polymorphus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 1337 and 2204 meters above sea level in Sumatra.

Samson Kayo

Samson Kayo (born 20 June 1991) is a British actor, producer and writer. He voiced Baby Bear in "".

Jaffari Community Center

The Jaffari Community Center (JCC) is a Shia mosque in Ontario, Canada. The center contains a mourning center, a library, a gym, a Shiite school, and some banquet halls but it mainly used as a mosque. The mosque is the largest mosque in North America and is where members of the Islamic Shia Ithna-Asheri Jamaat of Toronto (ISIJ) meet up.

Eusebius

Fertile writer, theologian and historian of the Church. (263-340)

He came into being about 263 in Caesarea. Taught by Pamphilus, whose name he was pleased to be named by, he escaped to Tyre during the cruel acts of Diocletian and from there to the waste land of Thebais, where he was taken and put in prison. In 313 he was made overseer of Caesarea. In agreement with a common mind in the trouble caused by the false belief of Arius, he put down in writing a number of letters in support of his right belief and had an effect on the council of Caesarea which said that the statement of Arius was in line with the faith. When he said no to a form of words against the Arian belief, he was put out of the church by a meeting of Antioch (325). In the meeting council of Nicaea (325) he made an attempt to keep a peace-making political view which put forward the idea of the god-like quality of Christ in Bible words and the turning away from the belief of the same substance of Athanasius. Though he put his name to the meeting sign he did so more because of the emperor's desire than from belief. Not long after he was in agreement with Eusebius of Nicomedia and took part in the meetings councils of Antioch (330) and of Tyre (335) which, in that order, put down Eustathius and put out of the church Athanasius. A near friend of the emperor, he possibly had an effect on him to give out orders against the overseers of the right belief. He came to his end about 339 or 340.

Hilary of Poitiers

Bishop of Poitiers, France. Hilary (315-367), also known as "Hilarius Pictaviensis" in Latin, was a theologian and writer who opposed Arianism. He is recognized as a Doctor of the Catholic Church.

Paul King (director)

Paul King is the man who directed the movies Paddington, Paddington 2 and Wonka.

Peter Ostrum

Dr. Peter Ostrum is an American veterinarian who used to be an actor. He played Charlie Bucket in the 1971 movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. He has not acted in any movies since then.

Basil of Caesarea

Basil, called the Great or the Archimandrite (in Greek: Μέγας Βασίλειος) was bishop of Caesarea and one of the most relevant theologians of the 4th century.

Aristocratic by culture and sense of responsibility as well as by the immense landed properties in Pontus and Armenia, Basil, born around 330, completed brilliant studies of rhetoric (including philology, philosophy and administration) in Caesarea, Constantinople and Athens, where he formed a close friendship with Gregory of Nazianzus. Since childhood he had received a solid Christian education, especially from his grandmother, Macrina senior. After the death of his father, in 358, he renounced his career, sold his goods, asked for baptism and retired to Annesi, in a family property on the Iris, with his mother and sister Macrina junior; he had been preceded by his elder brother Naucratius and to some extent had shared this way of life, until his marriage, also his younger brother Gregory of Nyssa.

100000 (number)

100000 (100,000, or simply hundred thousand) is the number after 99999 and before 100001. In South Asia, it is known as a Lakh. In Cyrllic Numerals, it is known as a legion.

Dave Bautista

David Michael Bautista Jr. (born January 18, 1969) is an American actor and former professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling for WWE from 2002 until 2019. As an actor, he gained fame with his portrayal of Drax the Destroyer in the "Guardians of the Galaxy" movies.

During his time in the WWE, Batista was a two-time WWE Champion, four-time World Heavyweight Champion, three-time World Tag Team Champion, one-time WWE Tag Team Champion, and the winner of the 2005 and 2014 Royal Rumble matches.

Batista would retire from in-ring competition on April 7, 2017. His last match was at WrestleMania 35 and he would lose to Triple H in a No Holds Barred match.

Bautista has also competed in mixed martial arts. Holding a professional record of 1 win and 0 losses. He defeated Vince Lucero by TKO.

Fritz Cejka

Friedrich Cejka ( 3 July 1928 in Korneuburg - 26 November 2020 ) was an Austrian football player. He played as forward. With a total of 247 goals in the top Austrian league, the striker is in fifth place on the all-time Bundesliga top scorers list. In the 1959-60 season he was top scorer of the league with 28 goals.

Fritz Cejka started his career at his hometown club ASC Marathon Korneuburg in 1943. 1947 he moved to Admira Wien. There he stayed 12 years. In 1959 he moved to Wiener AC . In the 1959- 60 season he became top scorer with 28 goals in 26 matches. At the end of his career, he played for Kapfenberger SV. Fritz Cejka then spent two more seasons in the highest league with Vienna before finally ending his professional career in 1966 at the age of 39.

On 21 September 1952 he played his only match for the Austrian national football team versus Yugoslavia and scored one goal. 

Patran

Patran is a city located in the Patiala district, known as a prominent car bazaar in Punjab. This bustling city offers opportunities for people to purchase and repair various types of cars. Among its notable features is the second Kattu Sham Mandir, constructed after the one in Rajasthan. Additionally, Patran is home to Punjab's online IELTS YouTuber, along with several talented singers and writers. The city boasts a rich cultural and artistic community, making it a vibrant and diverse place to reside.

Patran is a city in Patiala district in the Indian state of Punjab. It lies at a distance of around 60 Km from the city Patiala.

As of 2011 India census, Patran had a population of 38,125. Males constitute 20,091 of the population and females 18,034. Patran has an average literacy rate of 65%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 69%, and female literacy is 60%. In Patran, 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Patran is big marketplace for rice. This town has more than 100 Rice Shellers. This city is known for car palaces. Patran is well connected with Dirba, Tohana, Hisar, Kaithal, Delhi, Jind, Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Patiala and Sangrur by well maintained roads. So this city has good relations with these cities because of exporting of rice. This is developing city of Punjab with fertile land.



Affiliated to CBSE

Florida Everblades

The Florida Everblades are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1998. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Estero, Florida at Hertz Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team was started in 1998 by Craig Brush, Peter Karmanos Jr., and Thomas Thewes. They would name the team the Florida Everblades, a reference to the Everglades in Florida. 

On October 16, 1998, the team would play their first game as the Florida Everblades. They would be defeated by the Pee Dee Pride 5–3.

The team would be successful during the 2011–12 season. They finished with 39 wins, 26 losses, and 85 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the Las Vegas Wranglers four games to one. The Everglades would win back-to-back Kelly Cups in the 2021–22 and 2022–23 seasons.

On July 6, 2022, the Everblades and the Florida Panthers announced their affiliation. The Everblades were previously affiliates with the Carolina Hurricanes, Tampa Bay Lightning, and Nashville Predators.

Nasreddin

Nasreddin () or Nasreddin Hodja or Mulla Nasruddin (1208–1285) is a character in the folklore of the Islamic world. According to many sources, he was born in 1208 in the city of Sivrihisar, Province of Eskişehir, Turkey and died in 1275 or 1285 CE in Konya under the Seljuq rule. He is considered a hero of satirical anecdotes and humourous short stories.

He is generally known for his stories as a wise man with a sense of humour. Nasreddin was educated in a school in Sivrihisar and after his basic education, he took up the duty of village imam in his hometown. After his father's death, Nasreddin became a dervish of Mahmoud al-Hirani by migrating to Aq Shahir, one of the centers of Sufi thought in that period. Nasreddin, who assumed civil duties in Akşehir, died in 1284 and was buried there.
One day he sat preaching to people in the mosque. He said: O believers, do you know what I am going to tell you? They said: No! He said: As long as you do not know, what is the benefit of talking? He got up and left them.

Then he came back a few days later and repeated the same question to the people, and the people responded, saying: Yes, we know! He said: As long as you know, what is the benefit of talking? And he left the mosque.

People were confused about him, and they agreed among themselves that if he asked them the same question again, some would answer him with a yes and some would answer with a no.

When he repeated the question for the third time, the people did as they had agreed, but Nasruddin again outsmarted them and said to them: "So, it is necessary on the one who knows to teach the one who does not know!!!".

In 1943, the Soviet movie Nasreddin in Bukhara was directed by Yakov Protazanov based on Solovyov's book, followed in 1947 by a film called The Adventures of Nasreddin, directed by and also set in the Uzbekistan SSR.

1996–1997 was declared "International Nasreddin Year" by UNESCO.

The "International Nasreddin Hodja festival" is celebrated between 5 and 10 July every year in Akşehir, a district in Konya.

In 2020, an application to include "Joke-Telling tradition of Nasreddin Khoja" in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage list was jointly submitted by the governments of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Turkey and Turkmenistan.

Greenville Swamp Rabbits

The Greenville Swamp Rabbits are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2010. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Greenville, South Carolina at Bon Secours Wellness Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Ontario Reign of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Johnstown, Pennsylvania as the Johnstown Chiefs from 1987 to 2010. On February 17, 2010, the ECHL Board of Directors approved a move from Johnstown to Greenville, South Carolina. On June 25, 2010, the Greenville Road Warriors was chosen as the team name in a fan poll.

On October 21, 2010, the team would play their first game as the Greenville Road Warriors. They would defeat the Florida Everblades 4–1.

The team would be successful during their first season in the league. They would lead the South Division and Eastern Conference. They finished with 46 wins, 22 losses, and 96 points and would make it to the Conference semifinals before being defeated by the Wheeling Nailers four games to three.

On August 26, 2015, the team announced that they were changing their name to the Greenville Swamp Rabbits.

On August 23, 2022, the Swamp Rabbits and the Los Angeles Kings announced their affiliation. The Swamp Rabbits were previously affiliates with the New York Rangers, Carolina Hurricanes, and Florida Panthers.

Operation Sunrise

Operation Sunrise was a series of meeting mostly taken place in the city of Berne, Switzerland. American Generals and Nazi German Officials discussed terms of surrender there, as World War 2 was ending. Significant contributers in the meetings were General Karl Wolff, and Agent Allen Dulles. But as the Cold War was dawning, and began in the Yalta Conference in February 4th to 11th, Soviet leader Joseph Stalin grew suspiscious of the Americans. They could not allow their rival superpower to take things by themselves. Tensions rapidly increased between the two powers. Problems were also increasing in war-torn Italy. But because Americans hated to make further more tensions with Europe, it agreed with the Soviet Union to have a Bolshevik General too, in operations, discussions, and national terms, so stopped the meetings in Switzerland, and discussed terms of surrender in Northern Italy, this time with a Soviet General with them.

Sundowning (disambiguation)

Sundowning is a symptom common in dementia, mainly in Alzheimer's disease.

Sundowning can also be

COVID-19 pandemic in Arkansas

The COVID-19 pandemic first reached the State of Arkansas beginning in March 2020. The first case was reported in Pine Bluff on March 11, 2020. As of March 2022, there were almost 820,000 cases of COVID in the state. Almost 10,530 people died from the COVID virus in Arkansas.

As of March 1, 2022, Arkansas had fully vaccinated almost 1,567,000 people, or around 54% of the actual population there. By 2024, the number of deaths from the coronavirus was almost 13,430. Actual cases of COVID-19, though, might have been higher than actually documented and reported.

The first death from the coronavirus was reported in March 2020.

Mathematical model (disambiguation)

A mathematical model can be a description of a physical system using mathematical concepts and language. "Mathematical model" 

It can also be


Khosiat Rustam

Khosiat Rustam (), is a poet, translator, and author of several scenarios. Currently, she is the editor-in-chief of the newspaper "The Book World". And an independent researcher at Alisher Navoi University of Language and Literature.
Since 2022, she has been the coordinator of the World Poet Movement of Colombia in Uzbekistan.

Khosiat Rustam was born in 1971 in Olmos village, Chust district, Namangan region. In 1993, she graduated from the Faculty of Journalism of Tashkent State University (now the National University of Uzbekistan).
In 2003, she studied at the two-year Higher Literature course at the Faculty of Uzbek Philology of the National University of Uzbekistan.
In 2021, she graduated from the International Writers Programme at the University of Iowa in the United States.

Khosiat Rustam was awarded the "Shuhrat" (Fame) medal by the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan in 2004 and the commemorative medal "25 Years of Independence of Uzbekistan" in 2016.

Participated in several international poetry festivals and
In 2012, she was the winner of the international competition held in Bursa, Turkey.

2015: National and International Mikail Mushfiq Award of Azerbaijan,
2020: Nurangiz GUN International Poet Prize and
In 2021, she was awarded the international prize named after Rasul Reza.

In 2017, the AMEA Nizamiy Ganjavi Institute of Literature was awarded the Honorary Decree "For the activity of scientific and literary relations between Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan.

In 2018, she won the highest prize in poetry at the international literature festival held in Thailand.

2003: Writers' Union of Uzbekistan and
Since 2019, she has been a member of the Writers' Union of Azerbaijan.

In 2021, she became a laureate of the Naji Naaman International Prize.

In 2021, she was awarded the prestigious "Golden Knight" award of the Russian Union of Writers.

2022: The Naji Naaman Foundation for Culture (FGC), an international organisation based in Lebanon, announced Khosiat Rustam as an "Extraordinary Ambassador of Culture".

Besides poetry, Khosiat Rustam also wrote several stories, plays, and screenplays as a writer and dramatist. In 2015, the play "A bird that does not fit in the sky" was staged in the academic musical drama theatre named after Mukimi, one of the most magnificent theatres in Uzbekistan, under the direction of People's Artist of Uzbekistan Mirza Azizov. In 2016, based on the story "Gilam" ("Carpet"), she wrote a screenplay called "Ajal Jodusi" ( A Trick of Death) which was screened by director Hilal Nasimov. This feature film brought great fame to the poetess.
As a translator, she translated the poems of Marina Tsvetaeva, Yevgeny Evtushenko, Anna Akhmatova, Boris Pasternak, Ramiz Ravshan, Nigor Refibeyli, Riza Halil, Fozil Kisakurak, Khusnu Doglarja, and many other world poets' works into Uzbek.

Since 2015, she has been the Editor-in-Chief of the most influential newspaper, "The Book World." There are more than fifty studies on Khosyat Rustam's works.

Inn 2020, on the initiative of Khosiat Rustam, many famous poets and writersaroundf the world wrote a letter of sympathy to the President of Azerbaijan, Ilhom Aliyev And this letter was read out on many sitesand ond Azerbaijan TV In addition, her books "Ismi Lola edi u qizning"("Thatt girl's name was Lola" andd "44 Days", dedicated to the conflicts between Azerbaijan and Armenia, a were published in Azerbaijan in the Azerbaijani, Turkish, and Uzbek languages. In addition, her other books were translated into Azar by Ramiz Askar, a literary scholar, professor, and laureate of the international Babur Prize, published in Azar and Uzbek for university students, and included in the curriculum.
Khosiat RUSTAM's poetry has been translated into more than 30 languages, and her books have been published in several foreign countries.

About Khosiat RUSTAM The book "KHOSIYAT" in Uzbek, prepared on the basis of articles and essays written by world-famous poets, writers, and literary experts, and the English version of "KHOSIAT" are being prepared for publication in London by the "EGG London" publishing house. About Khosiyat RUSTAM, the filming of the two-part film, which is being made in cooperation with Azerbaijan TV and Uzbekistan TV, is still going on.

Ferrara Candy Company

Ferrara Candy Company is an American candy company. It is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It is owned by the Ferrero Group. The company was created from a 2012 merger of the Illinois-based Ferrara Pan Candy Company and Minnesota-based Farley's & Sathers Candy Company. Its product line includes the brands of Ferrara-branded pan candy and those of Farley's & Sathers.

Veselé, Czech Republic

Veselé () is a municipality and village in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.

Eschbach, Baden-Württemberg

Eschbach is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Friedenweiler

Friedenweiler is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is 10 km north of Titisee-Neustadt.

Glottertal

Glottertal is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.

Gottenheim

Gottenheim is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gundelfingen

Gundelfingen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Heuweiler

Heuweiler is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Horben

Horben is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ihringen

Ihringen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Löffingen

Löffingen is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

March, Breisgau

March is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

In 1973, the four villages of Buchheim, Holzhausen, Hugstetten and Neuershausen merged into the new municipality of March.


Marion Dittmann

Marion Hoch-Dittmann (born 10 June 1956) is an East-German long track speed skater. She represented her country at international competitions; as a senior until 1981.

She won the bronze medal at the 1978 World All-round Speed Skating Championships for women in Helsinki. During her career she won 6 medals at national championships, including 1 gold medal 1978 (all-round).

During her career she rode two world records, one on the 1000 metres and one on the 3000 metres.

Gyal Khatun

Gyal Khatun (Balti: རྒྱལ་ཁ་ཐུན།, lit: "Royal Queen") was a princess from the Makpon empire in northern Pakistan. She was the daughter of King Gyalpo Ali Senge Anchen, a very important person in Balti history. Gyal Khatun married Jamyang Namgyal, who was the ruler of Ladakh in the 17th century, becoming the Great Mother Queen of Ladakh. In Balti and Ladakhi songs, she is also called Silima Khatun, meaning “"Untainted and Pure Queen"”.

Even though Gyal and her daughter-in-law "Gyal Kelsang", who was also a Balti princess, were Muslims, the Ladakhi Buddhists see them as important people. They believe they are the same as the Tibetan Buddhist Goddess Tara. Gyal Khatun is also famous for starting the Gelugpa order of Tibetan Buddhism in Ladakh by putting the Tsongkhapa sculpture in the Basgo Temple.

Gyal Khatun is very respected in Ladakh because she supported both Buddhist Gompas and Mosques. Her leadership brought peace between the kingdoms of Makpon and Ladakh, which used to fight. Her son, Sengge Namgyal, later became the most important person in Ladakhi history, known as the "“Lion King of Ladakh”". The Balti and Ladakhi rulers saw her as a strong and secular role model.

During his time as ruler, Jamyang Namgyal, the king of Ladakh, decided to help the Sultan of Chigtan take control of Skardu, the Makpon Kingdom. But while they were crossing the mountains in winter, Namgyal's soldiers got lost in a big snowstorm. Ali Senge Anchan's skilled army attacked Namgyal's troops and trapped them because the snow blocked all the mountain passes and valleys. This made Namgyal surrender.

Jamyang Namgyal was captured and put in prison in Skardu. Ali Senge Anchan then took over Ladakh and made the Makpon empire bigger, going into Western Tibet. According to the ""Royal Chronicles of Ladakh"", while Namgyal was in prison, he fell in love with Ali Senge's daughter, Gyal Khatun. They promised to marry each other, and Gyal Khatun became pregnant. When Ali Senge found out, he told Namgyal he could marry his daughter and go back to Ladakh with his people if he promised to be loyal to Ali Senge Anchan.

Ali Senge Anchan let the Ladakhi king, Jamyang, go, but there was a condition. He said Jamyang had to marry his daughter, Gyal Khatun, and their son would be the next king of Ladakh. Because of this, Jamyang's two sons with his first wife, Queen Tsering, couldn't be rulers, and they had to leave Ladakh and go to Central Tibet.

The Balti kings were known for giving big dowries when their princesses got married. The dowry included things they could move, like gold, silver, precious stones, jewelry, expensive clothes, swords, guns, and 12 sets of kitchen cutlery. You can still see Gyal Khatun's movable dowry at the Stok Palace Museum in Ladakh. They have the Queen’s decorated dress front and a necklace made of thirteen rows of silver beads. As part of the things they couldn't move, they also gave villages. According to local customs, a lot of Muslim maids, male helpers, and a group of Balti musicians (later called Kharmon or Royal Musicians) were sent to Ladakh as part of Gyal Khatun’s wedding party.

According to Balti traditions, King Jamyang might have needed to give gifts to his bride's parents. This tradition, called "khamital (Balti: ཁམི་ཏལ​་)", means the boy's parents send gifts to the girl's parents. After this, the boy's parents should follow the tradition of "rintho" or "onarin, where the boy's parents should pay for the milk the girl drank when she was a baby. Once they pay with 24 tolas of gold and 24 goats, the wedding date is set. The Ladakhi Lamas welcomed Gyal Khatun as the Buddhist god of long life, the White Tara.

After King Jamyang Namgyal died, Gyal Khatun took over the government while her young son, Sengge Namgyal, grew up. She's famous for being Sengge Namgyal's mother. Sengge Namgyal was called the "Lion King of Ladakh". There's a famous ballad that tells the story of Sengge Namgyal's birth, when he was held by his mother, Gyal Khatun, also known as ZiZi:

In Ladakh, Gyal Khatun is seen as a patron (someone who supports) of both mosques and Buddhist temples. Her son, Sengge Namgyal, kept working on the Maitreya temple that his mother, Gyal Khatun, had started. Gyal Khatun is known as the Royal supporter of Chamba Lakhang, and she also gave jewelry for Maitreya's statue in the second temple, Serzang Lakhang. To honor his mother, Sengge Namgyal made the original Kache mosque in Leh. But more buildings were added to the mosque because of a partnership with the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. Gyal Khatun is praised for building many small mosques in Shey, Leh, and Nubra. People in Ladakh sing folk songs about her with the title Silima Khatun, meaning "The Untainted and Pure Queen," showing how much they admire her. There's a Ladakhi folk song called "The Song of Silima Khatun" that's all about praising the Queen:
Gyal Khatun is also famous for starting the Gelugpa order of Tibetan Buddhism in Ladakh. She put a Tsongkhapa sculpture in the Basgo Temple, also called the Kalzand Drolma Temple. Gyal Khatun supported both Muslim and Buddhist places of worship in Ladakh. Her being in the Namgyal family brought peace between the two kingdoms. Even after King Jamyang Namgyal died, Gyal Khatun still played a big role in Ladakh's politics and religion. She supported Mahayana and Tantric Buddhism and helped build religious buildings.

Gyal Khatun is known for bringing Balti music and instruments like Drums and Oboes to Ladakh from Baltistan. These instruments were part of her dowry and are now important in Ladakhi music. She also introduced Polo, a traditional sport, to Ladakh from Baltistan. The Namgyal kings built private mosques in Leh and Shey for Gyal Khatun and her servants, where she kept practicing Islam until she died.

Gyal Khatun's life is connected to mystical and divine things, which makes her very important. In the book "Antiquities of Indian Tibet," A. H. Francke talks about a special event involving Gyal Khatun's father, Ali Senge Anchan. In a dream, Ali Senge saw a lion (Sengge) coming out of the river near the castle and going into Gyal Khatun's body. According to the royal records, this dream made people believe that Gyal Khatun was a form of the Tibetan Buddhist Goddess Tara, who saves people and shows kindness. Francke translated a verse from the original manuscript as:
This special event in Gyal Khatun's life made her very respected in the region's history. Her legacy is more than just being a queen because her special connection affected events and decided what happened to her family. This influence led to her son, Sengge Namgyal, becoming the famous Lion King of Ladakh.

Nicolò Barella

Nicolò Barella (born 7 February 1997) is an Italian football player. He plays as a central midfielder for Inter Milan and the Italy national team.

Kim Jong-chul

Kim Jong-chul (; born 25 September 1981), sometimes spelled Kim Jong Chol, is a son of former North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Il. His younger brother is current Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un. His older half-brother Kim Jong-nam was assassinated in February 2017.

In 2007, Jong-chul was appointed deputy chief of a leadership division of the Workers' Party of Korea. However, on 15 January 2009, the South Korean Yonhap News Agency reported that Kim Jong Il appointed his youngest son, Jong-un, to be his successor, passing over Jong-nam and Jong-chul. These reports were supported in April 2009 when Kim Jong Un assumed a low-level position within the ruling Workers' Party since Kim Jong Il was groomed by his own father, Kim Il Sung, in a similar way before becoming North Korean leader in 1994.

Kim Jong-chul was born in 1981. He is the son of Kim Jong Il and his wife Ko Yong-hui, who died in 2004. Jong-chul was educated at the International School of Berne with younger brother Kim Jong Un.

In February 2003, moves began to raise the public image of Kim Jong-chul. The Korean People's Army began a propaganda campaign using the slogan "The Respected Mother is the Most Faithful and Loyal Subject to the Dear Leader Comrade Supreme Commander". Since the "Respected Mother" was described as "[devoting] herself to the personal safety of the comrade supreme commander", and "[assisting] the comrade supreme commander nearest to his body", Western analysts have guessed that the "Respected Mother" was Ko Yong-hui. A similar campaign was launched in praise of Kim Jong Il's mother (Kim Jong-suk) during the later years of Kim Il Sung's life. This suggested that Kim Jong-chul, despite his youth, had emerged with Army backing to be a serious contender to succeed his father.

However, Kenji Fujimoto, Kim Jong Il's personal sushi chef, wrote in his memoir, "I Was Kim Jong-il's Cook", that Kim Jong Il thought Jong-chul was "no good because he is like a little girl". Fujimoto believed Kim Jong Il favoured his youngest son, Kim Jong Un.

On 1 June 2009, it was reported that Kim Jong-chul had been passed over as his younger brother, Kim Jong Un, was to succeed his father as the head of the Workers' Party of Korea and "de facto" head of state of North Korea.

Kim Jong-chul was reportedly spotted in Singapore on 14 February 2011, where he was attending an Eric Clapton concert. In late 2011, his father died, and his younger brother Kim Jong Un followed his father as the head of state. He was again apparently spotted attending two additional Clapton concerts on successive days at the Royal Albert Hall in London, in May 2015.

According to Lee Yun-keol (as reported by "Wen Wei Po"), chairman of the North Korea Strategy Information Service Center, Kim Jong-chul personally ordered the arrest of his uncle Jang Song-thaek in 2013. Some analysts believe that Kim Jong-chul has a more important position in North Korea than most people think.

Kim Jong-chul does not involve himself in politics, leading a quiet life in Pyongyang where he plays guitar in a band, according to Thae Yong-ho, North Korea's former deputy ambassador in London who defected to the South.


San Giovanni in Marignano

San Giovanni in Marignano is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Bondeno

Bondeno is a "comune" in the Province of Ferrara in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Caroline Janney

Caroline E. Janney is an American historian. She is John L. Nau III Professor of the American Civil War at the University of Virginia. She won the 2022 Lincoln Prize.

She graduated from University of Virginia. She taught at Purdue University.



Codigoro

Codigoro is a "comune" in the Province of Ferrara in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.



List of police departments

The following is a list of police departments which have articles on Simple English Wikipedia:


(G)I-dle

(G)I-dle (; stylized in all caps and pronounced "I-dle") is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 2 May 2018. The group is made of five members: Miyeon, Minnie, Soyeon, Yuqi and Shuhua. Soojin was the sixth member, but she was forced to leave the group by their company on 14 August 2021 and she is now a soloist. They make K-pop music under Cube Entertainment, J-pop under U-Cube and pop under Republic Records and 88rising. Most of their songs are produced by the group members themselves.

The group's name, (G)I-dle, was invented by Soyeon. The original name was "Idle" (; "aideul"), the Korean word for "children". Some English-speaking fans did not like the name, because in English "Idle" means someone that is not working or that is lazy.

For that reason, the name was changed to "(G)I-dle":

The right way to say the name when speaking is "I-dle", which sounds like "". Their fans are called "Neverland".

Current members

Past members
Korean EPs

Japanese EPs

English EPs




Jiang Ping

Jiang Ping (; 28 December 1930 – 19 December 2023) was a Chinese legal scholar.

Jiang Ping was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, China in 1930. He went to Soviet Union to study law and graduated from Moscow State University in 1956. Jiang was the President of China University of Political Science and Law in 1988. He died at the China-Japan Friendship Hospital in Beijing in 2023, at the age of 92.

Prakash Kaur

Prakash Kaur or Parkash Kaur ( Punjabi: ਪ੍ਰਕਾਸ਼ ਕੌਰ ; Hindi: प्रकाश कौर ; 19 September 1919 – 2 November 1982) was a Punjabi singer.

She mostly sang Punjabi folk songs. It is where she is credited and appreciated the most for involving and improving new ideas and popularizing this Folk music genre along with her sister Surinder Kaur. Her sister Surinder was also known as 'Nightingale of Punjab'. Prakash Kaur has also sung Pashto folk songs.

Kaur was born to a Punjabi-Sikh family in Lahore, Pakistan which was then a part of British India. She is the elder sister of Surinder Kaur who was a famous Punjabi singer and songwriter.

Kaur's family used to live in a neighborhood called Mohalla Bhaati Gate, located in the enclosed part of Lahore. Kaur would listen to the Rababi women "(singers who used a musical instrument named Rabab)" singing at weddings and joyful events. She along with her sister used to go into weddings that had not been invited to so they could hear the music. From a very early age, she would try to copy the experienced singers, trying to sing exactly the same details of the tunes that they sang. She did not take any formal lessons in music, even though Lahore was having great teachers of classical music.

Around 1940, Kaur received permission from his family to sing on the Indian radio. She officially did her first live performance on 'Peshawar Radio' in 1941. In 1943 her sister Surinder was also selected as a music artist and Later, on August 31, 1943, the two sisters performed their first duet, "mawan te dhiyan ral baithian," for the HMV label.

When India and Pakistan gained their independence in August 1947, the Hindus and Sikhs of Lahore had to be relocated to East Punjab or elsewhere in India because Lahore was given to Pakistan according to the agreement. Prakash Kaur and her family members were also among those who left Lahore and came to India. Prakash and her husband settled in New Delhi while her younger sister Surinder settled in Bombay (now Mumbai).

Parkash Kaur was married with Sardar Harbans Singh Suri, an electrical engineer who was working for the Indian Department of Railways. Before India's independence he was posted in Lahore, but after India's independence he received a posting at New Delhi. Harbans Singh Suri proved to be an great husband who used to support her wife. As the demands from "All India Radio Delhi" increased that Parkash need to give more time to the Radio channel, she always had her husband's great support.

Kaur died on November 2, 1982 at the age of 63. It is known that she died after a disability caused by a serious accident but more details of her death remains unknown.


Polypedates maculatus

The spotted tree frog, Indian tree frog, common Indian tree frog, Chunam frog, big-headed whipping frog, common tree frog, spotted whipping frog, ("Polypedates maculatus") is a frog. It lives in India, Nepal, Myanmar, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh. People have seen it below 3,000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 34-57 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 44-89 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown, brown-yellow, or brown-gray in color with some spots. There are dark bars on the legs. Parts of the back legs have yellow spots.

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

This frog can live in different places: forests with water in the air, forests with dry air, grasslands, farms, and gardens. It lives in trees. The female frog makes a nest out of foam for her eggs. She makes the nest on a branch over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

Robert Comtesse

Robert Comtesse (14 August 1847 – 17 November 1922) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Valangin, Switzerland.

Comtesse was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 14 December 1899. He retired on 4 March 1912. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party. 

During his office time he held the following departments:

He was President of the Confederation in 1904 and again in 1910.

Comtesse died on 17 November 1922 in La Tour-de-Peilz, Switzerland at the age of 75.


Creatonotos gangis

The Creatonotos gangis, also known as the Baphomet moth or the Australian horror moth, are a species of moths that are usually seen in Western Australia and South East Asia.

The moth has two light brown wings, and a red abdomen with black spots. Males can have four long black coremata at the end of the abdomen, when inflated. The male moths have the coremata so they can attract female moths.

Samuel Silvera

Samuel Silvera (born 25 October 2000) is an English-born Australian professional soccer player. He plays for Middlesbrough in the EFL Championship and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Lawrence Thomas (soccer)

Lawrence Andrew Kingsley Thomas is an Australian professional soccer player. He plays for Western Sydney Wanderers in the A-League Men and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Patrick Yazbek

Patrick Yazbek (born 5 April 2002) is an Australian soccer player. He plays for Eliteserien club Viking and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Eliteserien

The Eliteserien () is the top professional football league in Norway, at the top of the Norwegian football league system. It has 16 teams, and clubs are promoted from and relegated to the Norwegian First Division.

The following sixteen clubs are competing in the Eliteserien during the 2023 season.

Attorney General of New Mexico

The attorney general of New Mexico is the state attorney general of the U.S. state of New Mexico. The attorney general carries out official duties with prosecuting crimes through the New Mexico Department of Justice.

Raúl Torrez is the 32nd and current attorney general of New Mexico, in office since January 2023.

Thomas Deng

Thomas Jok Deng (born 20 March 1997) is an Australian professional soccer player. He plays for Albirex Niigata in the J1 League and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Deng was born as a South Sudanese refugee in Nairobi, Kenya. He moved to Adelaide, South Australia in 2003, when he was six years old. His older brother, Peter Deng, plays for South Sudan.

Peter Deng

Peter Deng (born 12 January 1993) is a South Sudanese professional footballer. He plays for Whittlesea Ranges in the Victorian State League 1 and for the South Sudan national football team.

Deng was born as a South Sudanese refugee in Nairobi, Kenya, before moving to Adelaide, South Australia in 2003, when he was 10 years old. His younger brother, Thomas Deng, plays for Australia.

K.V.C. Westerlo

Koninklijke Voetbal Club Westerlo (; often simply called Westerlo) is a Belgian professional football club that plays in the Belgian Pro League. The club is based in the municipality of Westerlo in the province of Antwerp.

Adelaide 36ers

The Adelaide 36ers are an Australian professional basketball team from Adelaide. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Adelaide 36ers are the only NBL team from South Australia, and the "36" in the teams name comes from the fact that the Colony of South Australia was founded on 28 December 1836. They play their home games at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre.

Sydney Kings

The Sydney Kings are an Australian professional basketball team from Sydney. The team plays in the National Basketball League.

The Sydney Kings play their home games at Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney Olympic Park, and have won the NBL five times.

Brisbane Bullets

The Brisbane Bullets are an Australian professional basketball team based in Brisbane. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Brisbane Bullets play their home games at Nissan Arena.

Vertigo Comics

Vertigo Comics (also known as DC Vertigo or simply Vertigo) was an imprint of DC Comics that began publication in 1993. Spearheaded by editor Karen Berger, all DC Comics titles bearing the Vertigo logo catered to not only more mature readers, but more sophisticated writers and artists as well. Several of DC's existing titles such as "Animal Man" (Volume 1); "Doom Patrol" (Volume 2); "Hellblazer" (Volume 1); "Sandman" (Volume 2); "Shade, the Changing Man" (Volume 2); and "Swamp Thing" (Volume 2) immigrated to the Vertigo camp while fresh new titles and limited series were likewise added to the growing Vertigo roster. Collected versions of many Pre-Vertigo titles now bear the Vertigo stamp even though they were originally published under the standard DC Comics banner.

Cairns Taipans

The Cairns Taipans are an Australian professional basketball team from Cairns, Queensland. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Cairns Taipans play their home games at the Cairns Convention Centre, which they gave the nickname "the Snakepit". They are the only not-for-profit team in the league.

Illawarra Hawks

The Illawarra Hawks, formerly called the Wollongong Hawks, are an Australian professional basketball team based in Wollongong, New South Wales. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Illawarra Hawks are named after the Illawarra region of New South Wales, which includes Wollongong. They play their home games at the Wollongong Entertainment Centre.

Melbourne United

Melbourne United, formerly called the Melbourne Tigers, is an Australian professional basketball team based in Melbourne. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

Melbourne United play their home games at John Cain Arena.

Tasmania JackJumpers

The Tasmania JackJumpers are an Australian professional basketball team from Hobart. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Tasmania JackJumpers are the only NBL team in Tasmania. They play their home games at the Derwent Entertainment Centre in Hobart and at the Silverdome in Launceston.

Perth Wildcats

The Perth Wildcats are an Australian professional basketball based in Perth. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Perth Wildcats are the only NBL team from Western Australia, and are also the most successful team in the league, having won 10 championships.

The Perth Wildcats play their home games at Perth Arena, which they gave the nickname "the Jungle".

South East Melbourne Phoenix

The South East Melbourne Phoenix are an Australian professional basketball team based in Melbourne. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The South East Melbourne Phoenix play their home games at John Cain Arena.

New Zealand Breakers

The New Zealand Breakers (also known as the BNZ Breakers for sponsorship reasons) are a New Zealand professional basketball team based in Auckland. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL) in Australia.

The New Zealand Breakers play their home games at Spark Arena.

Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras in international football

Palmeiras, is a professional association football team based in São Paulo, it is one of the most successful and traditional Brazilian teams and South American teams in international club competitions. They have won one Copa Rio title (in 1951) which was recognized by FIFA as a club world competition in 2014, three Copa Libertadores, one Recopa Sudamericana and a Copa Mercosur (for a total of six international trophies). 

Palmeiras won the first club world competition in 1951, which was one of the first international trophies won by clubs ever. It has one of the richest international campaigns and trophies in South America and Brazil. 

Big Bash League

The Big Bash League (known as the KFC Big Bash League for sponsorship reasons, often abbreviated to BBL or Big Bash) is an Australian professional men's Twenty20 cricket club league. It was created in 2011 by Cricket Australia.

The competition features eight city-based franchises, instead of the six state-based teams which had previously competed in the KFC Twenty20 Big Bash. Each state's capital city features one team, with Sydney and Melbourne featuring two. The team names and colours for all teams were officially announced on 6 April 2011. The Melbourne Derby and Sydney Derby matches are some of the most heavily attended matches during the league and are widely anticipated by the fans. The Scorchers and Sixers have also developed a rivalry between them over the years and their matches attract good crowds and TV ratings.

A single city-based franchise can have a maximum of 19 contracted players for a season, with the squad including a minimum of two rookie contracts and a maximum of six overseas players, although only three international players can play in each match from 2020 to 2021 edition. Each team can also have a maximum of two overseas replacement players, in case the original overseas players get injured or withdraw.

Johan Devrindt

Johan Devrindt (14 April 1944) was an Belgian footballer. He played for Anderlecht, Dutch outfit PSV Eindhoven, Club Brugge, Lokeren, Winterslag and La Louviere. His final international game was a September 1975 UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying match against East Germany.

Mohammad Javad Rahimi

Mohammad Javad Rahimi (; born June 22, 1986, in ) is an Iranian who plays as a .

Rahimi has a history of playing in the with the teams of and ..



When I Look at the World

"When I Look at the World" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the ninth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind". The song lyrics is about faith being shaken by tragedy including the Chernobyl disaster in April 1986. 

Mt. Eden

Mt. Eden is a dubstep music group. 

Jobi's Room

Jobi's Room () is a Brazilian Flash-animated television series created by Andrés Lieban and Claudia K. Breitman. It originally aired on TV Rá-Tim-Bum from 6 March 2009 at 2010.

The series is about the stories of the boy named Jobi who lives in his room with his frog named Oscar.



The Art of the Fugue

Die Kunst der Fuge BWV 1080 is a musical work by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title translates to "The Art of the Fugue". It contains 14 fugues and four canons. Today, part of the work is lost. Bach wrote it during the last ten years of his life. He wanted to show what is possible to do using fugues. Like the Goldberg Variations, this is a work by Bach on one special subject. Bach didn't tell what instruments to use. Most works are for three or four instruments. Today, four different versions are known. They probably show an early version of the work. Each version has a different part of the work. The first prints are from 1751 and 1752. Bach died in 1750.

New Woodville, Oklahoma

New Woodville is a town in Marshall County, Oklahoma in the United States.

Iso-Polyphony

Iso-Polyphony is a traditional part of Albanian folk music. It has been recognized by UNESCO as an Intangible Cultural Heritage since 2008. Southern Albania, including the regions of Lalëria (Myzeqe), Toskeria, Chameria, and Labëria, practice this type of singing. Some places in North Macedonia and southern Montenegro also have similar singing where many parts are sung together.

Labëria in Albania is famous for singing with many parts, with songs having two, three, or four parts. Songs with three parts are seen as the most complicated. The Gjirokastër National Folklore Festival in Albania, which happens every five years in October since 1968, often has many songs like this.

Albanian iso-polyphony and Balkan multi-part vocal music are thought to be very old traditions from the time of the Thraco-Illyrian era, even though there aren't many old records about them. Experts believe these musical traditions were passed down orally through many generations. Specific things like the five-note scale and singing without instruments show that they come from ancient times. This kind of music developed differently from medieval Byzantine music, which was made up by individuals. Balkan multi-part vocal music was made by groups of people, passed down orally, and performed by people who weren't trained in music. Even though they existed alongside Byzantine music, they didn't have much influence on each other.

Albanian traditional music started with two main melodies: the "taker" (1st voice) and the "turner" (2nd voice). Two-voice iso-polyphony, is seen in places like Gjirokastër and Dukat. This style is also seen in different parts of Albania and among Arbëreshë people in Calabria. The idea of two-voice polyphony is thought of as a "hidden" three-voice iso-polyphony.
The next step was adding a drone (iso), creating three-voiced polyphony (singing where many parts are sung together). The drone added depth to the harmony between the melodies and is now common in Albanian traditional music, mainly sung by men. Three-voice polyphony is common in areas like Skrapar, Gramsh, Gjirokastër, and Vlorë.

The "launcher" (3rd voice) developed later, leading to four-voiced polyphony. While not found in Toskëria, Myzeqeja, and Chamëria, four-voiced polyphony is found only in Labëria alongside the more common three-voiced style. Neço Muko's recordings in the 1920s-1930s helped establish the four-voice iso-polyphony.

Pleqërishte is a type of Albanian folk singing done by older men in Labëria, especially in Gjirokastër. It is known for its slow speed, deep pitch, and small range.

The name "Pleqërishte" means both "of old men" and "of the old time," talking about the singing style and the themes of the songs. These songs are also called "lashtërishte" in Gjirokastër, showing their old themes. Even though these themes are not as popular now, they are still important.

Pleqërishte songs are slow, deep, and don't have much change in voice, making them different from songs sung by younger men. In this type of singing, there are four parts, and the third singer (hedhës) plays a big role. Unlike other types, in pleqërishte, the hedhës gives the main singer (marrës) a break. First, the marrës starts singing, then the second singer (kthyes) joins, followed by the hedhës. After the hedhës, the marrës's words are repeated by a group in different ways.

Trickster (DC Comics)

The Trickster is a name used by several characters in the DC Comics universe. The original was Giovanni Giuseppe, a member of the Rogues and enemy of the Flash who commits crimes using dangerous gadgets themed after practical joke elements. His most notable invention is a pair of shoes that allow him to walk on the air itself. He has also been a member of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secret Society of Super Villains. There have been two super-villains to use the name, former circus acrobat James Jesse and teenage hoodlum Axel Walker.

"Trickster" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #113. (1960) "Axel Walker" was created by Geoff Johns and Scott Kolins, first appearing in "The Flash" (Volume 2) #183 (2002).

Both the James Jesse and Axel Walker incarnations of the character have been substantially adapted into television productions of DC Comics work. Actor Mark Hamill is most closely associated with the role, having played the James Jesse incarnation in two live-action television series and voiced the character in several animated and video game appearances. Devon Graye portrayed the Axel Walker incarnation in "The Flash" television series.

Stay the Night (James Blunt song)

"Stay the Night" is a 2010 song by James Blunt and is the leading single from his third studio album "Some Kind of Trouble". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and Spain, number 40 in Ireland, number 13 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 94 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Australia, number 1 in Switzerland and number 53 in Canada.






Rogues (comics)

The Rogues are a DC Comics team made up of enemies to the Flash. They individually struggle against the Flash, but are able to defeat him by working together. Despite their status as super-villains, they operate with a strict code of honor enforced by their leader Captain Cold. The original group included Captain Cold, Heat Wave, Mirror Master, Captain Boomerang, Pied Piper, and the Top. There have been several line-ups since then under a variety of leaders.

The "Rogues" were created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #155 (1965).

List of heads of state of Panama

This is a list of head of state of Panama.
Juan Lopez 1840-1841

Tomás de Herrera November 18, 1840 – December 31, 1841
Demetrio H. Brid 1903 

José Agustín Arango 1903-1904 

Manuel Amador Guerrero 20 February 1904 – 1 October 1908 

José Domingo de Obaldía 1 October 1908 – 1 March 1910 

Belisario Porras Barahona 1 October 1912 – 1 October 1916 

Ramón Maximiliano Valdés 1 October 1916 – 3 June 1918 

Rodolfo Chiari 1 October 1924 – 1 October 1928 

Florencio Harmodio Arosemena 1 October 1928 – 3 January 1931 

Ricardo J. Alfaro 16 January 1931 – 5 June 1932 

Harmodio Arias Madrid 5 June 1932 – 1 October 1936 

Juan Demóstenes Arosemena 1 October 1936 – 16 December 1939 

Arnulfo Arias 1 October 1940 – 9 October 1941 

Ricardo Adolfo de la Guardia Arango 9 October 1941 – 15 June 1945 

Domingo Díaz Arosemena 7 August 1948 – 28 July 1949 

Ricardo Arias 29 March 1955 – 1 October 1956 

Demetrio B. Lakas December 19, 1969 – October 11, 1978 

Aristides Royo 11 October 1978 – 31 July 1982 

Ricardo de la Espriella 31 July 1982 – 13 February 1984 

Jorge Illueca February 13, 1984 – October 11, 1984 

Nicolás Ardito Barletta 11 October 1984 – 28 September 1985 

Guillermo Endara December 20, 1989 – August 31, 1994 

Ernesto Pérez Balladares September 1, 1994 – September 1, 1999 

Mireya Moscoso September 1, 1999 – September 1, 2004 

Martín Torrijos September 1, 2004 – July 1, 2009 

Ricardo Martinelli July 1, 2009 – July 1, 2014 

Juan Carlos Varela 1 July 2014 – 1 July 2019 

Laurentino Cortizo 1 July 2019- 

he is currently the president

•see: List of caudillos of Panama

Mirror Master

Mirror Master is a legacy name used by enemies of the Flash, appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The original was a criminal mastermind named Sam Scudder who developed advanced mirror technologies for his own use. His successor was a Scottish assassin named Evan McCulloch. They were both members of the Rogues Gallery, but the name has also been associated with the Injustice Gang and the Secret Society of Super Villains.

"Mirror Master" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #105 (1959).

Both incarnations of Mirror Master have made several appearances in DC-related media, with Sam Scudder being portrayed in live-action by David Cassidy in the 1990 "The Flash" series and by Grey Damon in the 2014 "The Flash" series, while Efrat Dor portrayed a gender-swapped version of Evan McCulloch, named Eva McCulloch, in the 2014 series.

Pied Piper (DC Comics)

Pied Piper (Hartley Rathaway), is a supervillain turned superhero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, and is commonly associated with the superhero the Flash. He is a deaf musical prodigy who uses sonic technology as a weapon. This allows him to cause vibrational damage and hypnotize people. Originally he was a super-criminal who fought the Flash, becoming a member of the Rogues. Later he reformed and assisted the Flash as a vigilante. It has been revealed that Piper self-identifies as homosexual and is in a relationship with David Singh, the head of Central City Police Department's crime lab.

"Pied Piper" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #106 (1959).

The Pied Piper appeared in the first, second, sixth and ninth seasons of "The Flash", portrayed by Andy Mientus.

Top (character)

The Top (Roscoe Dillon) is a super-villain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a character with the ability to spin at super-speed, acting as an enemy to the Flash. These powers grant him enhanced intelligence through stimulation of his brain cells, turning him into a psychotic mastermind. Captain Cold's sister, the Golden Glider, was his girlfriend for a long period. Following the mind-wipes in "Identity Crisis", he was shown to have become good and helped to reform other criminals through mind-tampering. Eventually he returned to his evil ways, and was then murdered by Captain Cold during "Rogue War". Dillon was an original member of the Rogues Gallery. He was eventually murdered by his former allies.

"The Top" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #122. (1961)

Golden Glider

Golden Glider (Lisa Snart), is a fictional female super-villain appearing in American comic bookis published by DC Comics, and enemy to the Flash. Her brother is Captain Cold, and they both commit crimes using ice-themed gadgets. Beginning her career as a figure skater, she swore revenge on the Flash when her boyfriend the Top died while fighting him. Her special skates create their own ice, allowing her to move effortlessly and trip up her enemies. Chillblaine eventually murdered her.

However, Glider has reappeared alive in the "New 52" reboot, where she has gained metahuman abilities due to being caught in the blast that also gave the other Rogues their powers. She has become separated from her body, giving her an astral form that allows her to fly and move at superhuman speeds. She also has ribbon-like tendrils that can easily cut and kill a person without any evidence of attack.

"Golden Glider" was created by Cary Bates and Irv Novick, first appearing in "The Flash" #250 (1977).

Lisa Snart appeared in the first and second seasons of "The Flash", portrayed by Peyton List. Golden Glider appears in the third season of "Harley Quinn", voiced by Cathy Ang. Depicted as Kite Man's new love interest, she will co-star in the spin-off series "Kite Man: Hell Yeah!".

Marche mondiale des Femmes

The Marche mondiale des Femmes or World March of Women is an international and feminist action movement that brings together common groups and organizations which works to remove poverty and violence against women. As per 2006 data, The movement has got members and participation from 6,000 groups. The members and groups are from 161 different countries across the world.

The World March of Women (MMF) is an independent, multi-cultural, multi-ethnical andpluralist movement. The group was launched by Quebec Women's Federation which organizes the "World March of Women against Poverty and Violence Against Women”.

The “World March of Women” has now turned into a platform of associations which draft proposals and gives demands. Those who speak for the group during the global march participate in various social forums or other initiatives of the alter-globalization movement.

The Marche mondiale des Femmes was launched in 2000. It was launched by the Fédération des femmes du Québec, a feminist group based in Quebec, Canada. It was launched after the success of the Bread and Roses March which took place in 1995 in Quebec. In that March, around 850 women marched for ten days, to get their nine economic demands. The end of the march saw around 15,000 people coming together. The idea of starting a World March of Women to mark the beginning of the 21st century began to come up in the imaginations of Quebec activists and delegates from a number of countries who had come to join in that large rallying of women.

Planning for the "Marche mondiale des Femmes" soon began in 1997, and in October 1998, a meeting was held in Montreal, Canada, in which 140 women representing 65 countries took part. They agreed to two main themes for the march: the elimination "(the complete removal)" of world poverty and the stopping of violence towards women. The March took place in year 2000.
The March of the group as scheduled was started on 8 March 2000 on the International Women's Day and ended on 17 October 2000 on the International Day for the Eradication "(removal)" of Poverty. In October, several supporting demonstrations took place in support for the March including at Brussels, Bombay, Quebec, etc. On October 17, after the final march in the city with participants, a group of persons who were chosen to represent the group in New York handed UN representatives the signatures of an international formal written request as well as a set of proposals to be implemented to help remove the problems of poverty and violence. One of the many demands was that the United States recognize the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court and its provisions according to which, in particular, rape and sexual assault constitute war crimes and crimes against Humanity.

The group in its last statement said:
"Through this global charter of women for humanity and through the actions to come, we reaffirm that another world is possible, a world full of hope, of life, where life is good and we declare our love to this world, its diversity and its beauty."

The group continued their work after the first March.


Yohanna (movie)

Yohanna is a 2024 Indonesian British Italian drama movie directed by Razka Robby Ertanto and starring Laura Basuki, Kirana Putri Grasela, Videlis Siprianus Diki, Iqua Tahlequa.

Springston

Springston is a small town in the South Island of New Zealand. It is situated in the Selwyn District and is sandwiched between Rolleston and Lincoln. It has a primary school that opened in 1868, small dairy and was developed around the mid-19th century.

Alina Morozova

Alina Alexandrovna Morozova (, born August 14, 1985, Armavir, USSR) is a Russian blogger, nutritionist, weight loss and nutrition expert. She set a record in Russia for holding the most mass weight loss class.

Alina was born in 1985 in the city of Armavir. In 2003, she graduated from school No. 17 in Armavir with a silver certificate and entered "Yugra State University" in Khanty-Mansi, where she graduated in 2008 with a red diploma.

From 2009 to 2013, she worked in the structure of the Federal Tax Service. Then she worked in the Government of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug. She holds the rank of State Counselor of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug 2nd class.

In 2018, she was trained and received a certificate from the training center of fitness professionals in Yekaterinburg. In 2020, she was awarded with the Letter of Gratitude of the Governor of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug "For significant contribution to the implementation of a unified state policy in the sphere of project management of executive authorities of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug".

During the elections in 2021, on the single day of voting, she organized the contest "Miss Elections2021", in which the most beautiful participant of the elections in the Krasnodar Krai was chosen.

That same year, Alina told Russian newspaper "ASP News" how to set a record easily and simply.

On November 20, 2021, Alina set a Russian record. During a live broadcast on the social network Instagram, she held the most mass weight loss class online. There were 936 participants. The record was recorded and Alina was given a certificate.

In 2016, she ran 21.2 km (half marathon) in Khanty-Mansiysk. In 2021, she ran 10 km in a general race in Krasnodar.


Darden Restaurants

Darden Restaurants is an American multi-brand restaurant operator. It is headquartered in Orlando, Florida. It has more than 1,800 restaurant locations and more than 175,000 employees. It is the world's largest full-service restaurant company. 


Champs Sports

Champs Sports is an American sports retail store. It is a subsidiary of Foot Locker. It has 540 stores. The stores are mainly located in shopping malls, and are 3,500 square feet (330 m2) on average. It was founded in 1984.

Don't Look Down (Martin Garrix song)

"Don't Look Down" is a 2015 song by Dutch DJ Martin Garrix featuring vocals from American singer Usher and was released as a digital download on 17 March 2015 on iTunes. It went to number 2 in Scotland, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in the Czech Republic, number 16 in the Netherlands, number 25 in Slovakia, number 26 in Belgium (Flanders), number 29 in Ireland and number 37 in Austria, Belgium (Wallonia) and Germany.

Jacksonville Icemen

The Jacksonville Icemen are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2017. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Jacksonville, Florida at VyStar Veterans Memorial Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Evansville, Indiana as the Evansville IceMen from 2010 to 2016. The Evansville IceMen had the highest arena rent in the ECHL and were forced to leave the Ford Center. There would then be relocation talks afterwards. On February 8, 2016, Evansville would be awarded the Evansville Thunderbolts as an expansion team in the Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL). On February 8, 2017, the ECHL Board of Directors approved a move from Evansville to Jacksonville, Florida to become the Jacksonville Icemen. 

On October 14, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Jacksonville Icemen. They would be defeated by the Orlando Solar Bears 5–4 in overtime.

On August 23, 2022, the Icemen and the Buffalo Sabres announced their affiliation. The Icemen were previously affiliates with the Winnipeg Jets and New York Rangers.

Jhumar

Jhumar or Jhoomar is a traditional folk dance of Pakistan. Jhumar originated from the Jhang region of Punjab. It is very popular in the Sandalbar areas of Punjab, Pakistan. It is slower and a more rhythmic form of dancing. The word "Jhumar" comes from Punjabi word "Jhum/Jhoom", meaning Swaying. Jhumar is usually performed at the wedding ceremonies. The dance is usually performed in a circle, to the tune of traditional songs.


Fairview Heights, New Zealand

Fairview Heights is a suburb on the North Shore of Auckland, New Zealand.

Giddha

Giddha (, ਗਿੱਧਾ, ) is a popular folk dance of women in the Punjab region of Pakistan and India. Women perform this dance mainly at festive or social occasions. The dance is accompanied by clapping, with a typical traditional folk song performed by elder women in the background.

Women stand in a circle formation and clap rhythms. A lead woman will recite a "boli" (lyrics) and the entire circle then repeats. The whole form of a giddha song is worked through in this call and response form. Giddha details stories of women's lives, including sexuality.

Giddha is said to be originated from the ancient ring dance which was dominant in Punjab in the olden days. Women show the same level of energy which the men show while performing bhangra. Giddha displays a traditional mode of performing Punjabi femininity, as seen through dress, choreography, and language.

Traditionally, women used to wear salwar kameez and Ghagra in bright colours and jewellery. The attire is completed by dressing the hair in two braids and folk ornaments.

Kikkli

Kikkli is a folk dance of the Punjab region of Pakistan and India. It is performed by young Punjabi women by holding hands and moving in circular motions. It is usually performed in pairs and a variety of songs are used with clapping. 

Kikkli is more of a sport than a dance for young girls. Two girls stands face to face close to each other and hold their hands crossing arms with their bodies inclined back; in this position their arms are stretched to the maximum and hands interlock firmly. Then they wheel round fast continuously with their "dupatta"s floating in the air and anklets making tinkling sound. The other ladies encourages them to go faster and faster by singing songs with clapping. Sometimes it is done by four girls. The folk song related to the dance has much variety.

Mairehau

Mairehau is a suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is four kilometres north of the city centre. The suburb was named after Rose Mairehau (Maire) Hutton (née Rhodes). Mairehau High School was opened in 1961.

The Reeve's Prologue and Tale

The Reeves tale

In Chuacers The Canterbury Tales the 3rd Tale is The Reeve's Tale. Although Oswald The Reeve is on the social scale a serf he is a professional carpender who has risen to become a very efficient estate manager for his Lord. One of the pilgrims the reeve dislikes is the drunken bully Robyn a miller who made the other pilgrims laugh with a amoral tale about a foolish carpender who was clukoled by is unfaithul wife and a boarding college student. In retalation the Reeve tells a tale of how a cheating miller recieved his comupence. At Cambridge University Symkyn the miller grinds the corn and wheat in his mill. He is a bully who cheats his customers with the help of his "golden thumb" (i.e. using his thumb to tip the scale in his favour and overcharge) and claims to be a Yeoman and a Master with a sword and dagger and knives (cf. the coulter in "The Miller's Tale"). to impress his arrogant and snobbish wife [the illigemiate daugther of the town priest]. They have 2 children a 6 month old son and a 20 year old daughter Malyne. (At the time the story was written it was customary for young females to marry as soon as they reached puberty; Malyne is kept as a virgin by her selfish and social climbing parents (and her grandfather) so that she can be married off with a dowry of copper dishes to a wealthy husband of higher social status.) Two Clerical students at cambridge John and Aleyn, try to beat the miller at his own game when they take wheat to be made into flour; Symkyn unites their horse and while they try to catch it, grinds the wheat into flour and makes it into bread. As the students stay in his house for the night they deceided to take revenge on Symkyn and his wife and daugther by the rape of Malyne and her mother. Aleyn forces himself on malyne and John tricks her mother into making love to him. At dawn malyne tells Aleyn where to find the bread behind the cottage door [In a pardoy of Medevial love poems fairwells Aleyn tells Malyne I am thyn own "clerk""; she bids him farewell and adds the comment of "bread in the mill"]; getting up Aleyn mistakes the miller for John and boasts of how he "served the Millers daugther" in the night. Symkyn and Aleyn fight; the student hits Symkyn in the nose causing a nosebleed; in a comedy of errors the wife awakens and thinking her husband is one of the students She takes a club and hits her raging husband by mistake, thinking him one of the students. John and Aleyn beat up the miller and flee, taking with them their horse and the bread made from their stolen grain. Both students ride off and get a good laugh of their revenge with the beating of the cheating Miller and the double humiliation on his wife and daughter; despite their tearful farewells Aleyn has no thought of either Malyne or the fact she is now pregnant with a child which will ruin her parents' plans to make an advantageous marriage for her. Despite their farewells malyne remark of "bread in the mill"—(a slang term for pregnancy, similar to the modern "bun in the oven") and her weeping when he leaves her reveal the poor tragic abused girl knows he will not see her again after stealing her virginty. The Reeve ends his tale with by saying that the story demonstrates the proverb "Hym thar nat wene wil that yvele dooth" (One who does evil fares badly) and concludes "A gylour shal hymself bigyled be" (a deceiver will himself be deceived)(lines 4320–22).
Surinder Kaur

Surinder Kaur ( Punjabi: ਸੁਰਿੰਦਰ ਕੌਰ ; Hindi: सुरिंदर कौर ; 25 November 1929 – 14 June 2006) was a Punjabi singer.

She mostly sang Punjabi folk songs. It is where she is credited and appreciated the most for involving and improving new ideas and popularizing this Folk music genre along with her sister Prakash Kaur. She was also known as 'Nightingale of Punjab'.

Kaur was born to a Punjabi Sikh family in Lahore, Pakistan which was then a part of British India. She was the sister of Parkash Kaur who was a famous Punjabi singer and songwriter. She was influenced by Renu Rajan, a prominent figure in Punjabi folk music.

Surinder Kaur officially made her debut with a live performance on Lahore Radio in August 1943. Later, on August 31, 1943, the two sisters showed their first duet, "mawan te dhiyan ral baithian," for the HMV label.

Kaur died on 14 June 2006 at the age of 77.

A Doordarshan documentary titled, "Punjab Di Koyal" (Nightingale of Punjab), on the life and works of Surinder Kaur was released in 2006. It won the Doordarshan National Award.

Lucknow pact

The Lucknow Pact was an agreement reached between the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League (AIML) at a joint session of both the parties held in Lucknow in December 1916. Through the pact, the two parties agreed to allow representation to religious minorities in the provincial legislatures. Through the pact the two parties allowed people from every religion choose laws .

Both parties presented some common demands to the British. They demanded:


The Lucknow Pact was seen as a beacon of hope to Hindu–Muslim unity. It was the first time that the Hindus and Muslims had made a joint demand for political reform to the British. It led to a growing belief in British India that Home Rule (self-government) was a real possibility. The pact also marked the high-water mark of Hindu-Muslim unity. It established cordial relations between the Muslim League and the Indian National Congress. Before the pact, both parties were viewed as rivals who opposed each other and worked in their own interests. However, the pact brought a change in that view.

The Lucknow Pact also helped in establishing cordial relations between the two prominent groups within the Indian National Congress – the 'extremist' faction led by the Lal Bal Pal trio (Lala Lajpat Rai, Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Bipin Chandra Pal), and the 'moderate' faction led by Gopal Krishna Gokhale until his death in 1915 and later represented by Gandhi. Though Jinnah advocated a separate nation for the Muslims 20 years later, in 1916 he was a member of both Congress and Muslim League, was an associate of Tilak, and hailed as 'ambassador of Hindu-Muslim Unity’
Written BY Saisha Chhabra

Merdingen

Merdingen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The main industry is vineyard. Jan Ullrich was a notable people until 2002.

Merzhausen

Merzhausen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Münstertal, Black Forest

Münstertal/Schwarzwald is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Black Forest.

Pfaffenweiler

Pfaffenweiler is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Schallstadt

Schallstadt is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sölden, Baden-Württemberg

Sölden is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sankt Märgen

Sankt Märgen is a municipality and a spa town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is about 25 km east of Freiburg im Breisgau.

Polypedates leucomystax

The Java whipping frog, bamboo tree frog, jar tree frog, brown tree frog, common tree frog, common Indian whipping frog, Malayan house frog, four-lined tree frog, common tree frog, or stripe tree frog ("Polypedates leucomystax") is a frog. It lives in India, Nepal, Myanmar, China, Singapore, East Timor, Japan, Cambodia, the Philippines, Thailand, and Bangladesh. People have seen it below 3,000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 50 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 80 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown, brown-yellow, or red-brown in color. Most frogs have some markings on their backs.

This frog can live in many different places, including gardens.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

There is a subspecies: the white-lipped tree frog ("Polypedates leucomystax leucomystax").

Microbrand watches

Microbrand watches are wristwatches made by small, independent watch companies. 

Microbrands, synonymous with the microbrand watch industry, also refer more broadly to small-scale brands recognized primarily in niche communities and among hobbyists.

The inception of microbrands occurred in the early to mid-2000s, coinciding with the rise of the Internet. This technological development allowed these brands to distribute their watches directly to consumers through e-commerce channels, eliminating the need for traditional luxury-associated overheads such as retail locations and extensive marketing budgets.

Sankt Peter, Baden-Württemberg

Sankt Peter is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

St. Peter is a climatic spa within the Southern Black Forest Nature Park. It is on the southern flank of the Kandel and is about 12 miles east of Freiburg im Breisgau.

The municipality of St. Peter has the village of Bürgerschaft, the hamlet of Sägendobel, the settlements of Kandelberg, Neuwelt, Oberibental, Ränke, Rohr, Schmittenbach, Schönhöfe, Seelgut and Willmendobel and the farmsteads of Eckpeterhof, Langeck and Lindlehof.

The Abbey of St. Peter in the Black Forest was founded in 1093 by the Duke of Zähringen, Berthold II as his house abbey and family burial place. The abbey gradually developed around it.


Wolof language

The Wolof language is a language spoken mainly in west Africa, mostly in Senegal. Unlike many other sub-Saharan languages it is not a tonal language.

Antoniadi scale

A scale used to measure astronomical seeing conditions which counts using Roman Numerals I - V (with I being best seeing conditions and V being worst).

Wittnau, Baden-Württemberg

Wittnau is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wittnau

Wittnau can mean:


Juan López

Juan López Alfaro (1823-1874) He was Leader of the Free State of Isthmus in Panama from (1840-1841) it’s unknown about his childhood or his personal life but he was Leader of Panama

Tomás de Herrera

Tomás José Ramón del Carmen de Herrera y Pérez Dávila (21 December 1804 – 5 December 1854) was a Neogranadine statesman and general who in 1840 became Head of State of the Free State of the Isthmus, a short lived independent state which is in what is now Panama. Tomás de Herrera also became President of the Republic of the New Granada in 1854.

Monica Hanna

Monica Hanna is an Egyptologist. She is Dean at the Arab Academy for Science, Technology & Maritime Transport. She won a 2014 SAFE Beacon Award.

She graduated from American University in Cairo, and from University of Pisa.

She organized the Egyptian Heritage Task Force. She opposed looting of archaeological sites. She opposed moving Sphinxes. She organized a petition for the return of the Rosetta Stone.

Rosarito

Rosarito is a coastal city in Baja California, Mexico. In 2010, 65,278 people lived there. It is south of the US-Mexico border. Rosarito is a part of the greater San Diego–Tijuana region. It is known for its beaches and resorts.

El Rosario, Baja California

El Rosario is a town in Baja California, Mexico. In 2010, 1,704 people lived there. Highway 1 passes through the town. It is 61 km
south of San Quintín and 119 km north of Cataviña.

The economy is based on agriculture. Onions are the major crops here. There are many nearby fishing spots, such as Punta Baja and Isla San Jerónimo.

GNC (company)

GNC is a retail company. It is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It specializes in health and nutrition related products, including vitamins, supplements, minerals, herbs, sports nutrition, diet, and energy products. It was founded in 1935.

San Quintín, Baja California

San Quintín is a city in the Mexican state of Baja California. In 2010, 4,777 people lived there.

Guasave

Guasave is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. In 2010, 71,196 people lived there.

Cataviña

Cataviña is a town in Baja California, Mexico. In 2010, 159 people lived there. Highway 1 passes through the town. It is 118 km south of El Rosario.

Brisbane Heat

The Brisbane Heat is an Australian professional men's cricket team from Brisbane that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at The Gabba.

The squad of the Brisbane Heat for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 26 September 2023.

Adelaide Strikers

The Adelaide Strikers are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Adelaide that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Adelaide Oval.

The current squad of the Adelaide Strikers for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 25 September 2023.


Hobart Hurricanes

The Hobart Hurricanes are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Hobart that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Bellerive Oval in Hobart and at York Park in Launceston.

The current squad of the Hobart Hurricanes for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 7 September 2023.

Melbourne Renegades

The Melbourne Renegades are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Melbourne that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Docklands Stadium in Melbourne and at Kardinia Park in Geelong.

The current squad of the Melbourne Renegades for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 8 December 2023.

Melbourne Stars

The Melbourne Stars are an Australian men's professional cricket team from Melbourne that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) and occasionally at Lavington Sports Ground in Albury.

The squad of the Melbourne Stars for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 15 January 2024.


Perth Scorchers

The Perth Scorchers are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Perth that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Perth Stadium.

The Perth Scorchers are the most successful team in the BBL, having won the final five times since the BBL was created in 2011.

The squad of the Perth Scorchers for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 5 December 2023.


Rosario, Agusan del Sur

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Agusan del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 49,610 people lived there.

Rosario (disambiguation)

Rosario is the largest city in the province of Santa Fe and the third-largest city in Argentina.

Rosario can mean:


Rosario, Batangas

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Batangas, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 128,352 people lived there.

Rosario, Cavite

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Cavite, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 110,807 people lived there. It was formerly known as Salinas.

Rosario, La Union

Rosario is a municipality in the province of La Union, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 60,278 people lived there.

Rosario, Northern Samar

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Northern Samar, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 10,949 people lived there.

Rosario has 11 barangays:

Catarman, Northern Samar

Catarman is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Northern Samar. According to the 2020 census, 97,879 people lived there.

Paulinet

Paulinet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sher Dhan Rai

Sher Dhan Rai (; born 23 February 1971) is a Nepalese politician and Former Chief Minister of Koshi Province, a province in eastern part of Nepal. He was elected parliamentary party leader of CPN (UML), the largest party in the provincial assembly, on 9 February 2018. Rai was subsequently appointed as chief minister on 14 February 2018. 

He was previously elected to the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly, winning the Bhojpur–2 seat for the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist). Rai also served as a cabinet minister in the Government of Nepal, and was appointed Minister of Information and Communications in the first Oli cabinet.

Payrin-Augmontel

Payrin-Augmontel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sydney Sixers

The Sydney Sixers are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Sydney that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG) and at North Sydney Oval.

The current squad of the Sydney Sixers for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 27 September 2023.


Sydney Thunder

The Sydney Thunder is an Australian professional men's cricket team from Sydney that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Sydney Showground Stadium.

Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol

Mzee Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol (1923-2017), was a prominent figure in Uganda’s history, from the years of the country's pursuance for independence from Britain to the subsequent post-colonial times. From a devoted Educator in various schools and Civil Servant in several government institutions and Boards, and later, as one of the country’s representatives who went to the United Kingdom in 1961 to negotiate for Uganda’s Independence from Great Britain. Wacha-Olwol was later nominated as a member of the three-man Presidential Commission that governed the affairs of the State of Uganda from May 22 to December 15 1980. This was after the Military Commission headed by and deputized by Yoweri Kaguta Museveni overthrew the government of President Godfey Lukongwa Binaisa in May 1980. Wacha-Olwol also served as the Clan Leader of Okii Me Okabo Fraternity continuously from 1990 until his demise in 2017.

Wacha-Olwol was duly accorded a State Funeral by H.E Yoweri Kaguta Museveni the President of Uganda in honour of his prominence and contributions as a Member of the Presidential Commission that governed Uganda from May to December 1980.  The era during which Mzee Wacha-Olwol and his two colleagues; Justice Polycarp Nyamuchoncho and Justice Saul (Saulo) Musoke served as Interim Government, saw three governments in less than two years after the fall of Idi Amin on April 11, 1979: from Idi Amin, the Prof. Yusuf Kironde Lule government was in office for 70 days (April to June, 1979), followed by Godfrey Lukongwa Binaisa who ruled for close to a year and the Military/Presidential Commission which led to the general elections of 1980 that brought in the Obote II regime! Wacha-Olwol and his two colleagues are credited with providing titular leadership of State that handed power over to Dr. Apollo Milton Obote after the December 12, 1980 general elections.

Most people didn’t know who Wacha-Olwol was on his passing. The Rt. Hon. Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda in paying tribute to Wacha-Olwol stated “It is clear that we need to teach our history and current affairs better, especially to the young generation, to ensure that the people and significant milestones in our country’s journey, are well documented, understood and appreciated by the current and future generations.” President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni twitted, “I first met him in 1970 after I joined the President's Office as a Research Officer, where he was PS. Shortly after, there was the Amin coup."

Wacha-Olwol was born on Monday 19 November 1923 at Loro Gombolola, then the Atura County (the present Oyam County). The present site of Loro Secondary School is exactly where he was born.

At the time of his birth, his father Erieza Olwol was working as a clerk to the Gombolola Chief of Loro, Yosia Omara who was a prominent figure of the Inomo clan. His mother was called Cakayo Akulo but was later baptised Loi then she became known as Atat Loi Akullo. His mother was a sister to Yosia Omara the Gombolola Chief.  It was on a mutual understanding and appreciation of his father’s service to the Chief Yosia Omara and the people of Loro at large that he chose his sister as a wife to Wacha-Olwol’s father.  In reality, his mother was given to his father as a sign of love and loyalty for the services that his father rendered to the Chief. His father belonged to the Okii Me Okabo Clan. He originated from Akokoro Gombolola, Maruzi County from an area called Apoi Village, which was predominantly occupied by Okii Me Okabo Clan. His mother hailed from Loro which was also predominantly occupied by the Inomo Clan.

He attended Loro Preparatory School in 1931 then joined Loro Elementary Vernacular School between 1932-1935.  He went to Boroboro Central School in 1936-1938. Boroboro Central School at the time was the only highest academic school of learning in then Lango District (now Lira and Apac District s) with only two classes; Central I and Central II.  He joined Kabalega Secondary School, Masindi, in Bunyoro District where he attended Junior Secondary School I to III from 1939-1941.  In 1941, the Ugandan Government introduced Junior Secondary III Leaving Examination for the first time.  Wacha-Olwol was among the first three students at Kabelega Secondary School to sit the examination. He was then admitted to King’s College Budo in 1942 where he studied for three years and sat for the Uganda Senior School Leaving Examination at the end of 1944. His long-standing admiration for teachers compelled him to enroll at Teacher Training College in Mukono between 1945-1946 where he qualified as a Primary School Teacher.

In 1947 the Government set up a Rehabilitation Centre at Lira (now Lira Technical Institute) where he taught for one year. Between 1948-1949, he was posted by the Church of Uganda to teach in Aboke at Aculbanya Primary School. In 1950, he was posted to teach at Boroboro Teachers Training College. He gave up teaching at the beginning of 1953 and joined then Lango African Local Government as a clerk to the Lango District Council. He worked mainly as a Personal Assistant to Yakobo Adoko who was the Chief Executive Officer known as Rwot Adwong (Paramount Chief).

Wacha-Olwol was sponsored by the District Administration for further studies in the United Kingdom at Torquay for one academic year where he attained a Diploma in Social and Public Administration in 1958.  On return from the UK, he was appointed as Secretary to the District Council. In 1960, he was selected by the District Council to represent Lango District Administration at the Constitutional Conference in London to prepare Uganda for Independence.  He equally attended the second conference in London to finalise discussion on Uganda Independence.  Uganda became independent on 9 October 1962 under the leadership of Dr. Apollo Milton Obote.

Following attainment of Independence, District Administration in Uganda underwent changes by enactment of laws by Uganda Legislative Council. Local Government were given more powers to run most of the local services such as Education, Health Services, Water Supply and Infrastructure. This led to the appointment of a Chief Executive Officer for each district known as the Secretary General.  The post of Rwot Adwong (Paramount Chief) was to be abolished which led to Wacha-Olwol’s nomination as the Secretary General of Lango District Administration. At that time, Lango was one District with seven counties and 42 sub counties. This was also the time when the Constitutional Heads (Won Nyaci) of District were appointed for the district of Lango.  Yekosofati Engur was appointed as the Won Nyaci of Lango until 1966 when the post of Constitutional Heads of Uganda districts was abolished.  This included the abolition of the ; Kabaka of Buganda, Omukama of Tooro, Bunyoro and Ankole.

In July 1963, he was appointed Assistant District Commissioner of Acholi to replace Charles Kole Oboth-Ofumbi who was murdered by Idi Amin together with Reverend Janani Luwum the Archbishop of Church of Uganda and Erinayo Oryema the Inspector General of police. In 1964, Wacha-Olwol relocated to Gulu which was the district head quarter of Acholiland.  By then Acholi District was one district comprising of East and West Acholi. It was the largest district in Uganda; on the East being Karamoja District and on the West the River Nile which was the boundary of West Nile including Moyo District, on the South Lango and Bunyoro District and on the North, Sudan.

In August 1966, he was appointed to the post of Principal Assistant Secretary and posted to the Ministry of Local Government headquarters as an Inspector of Local Administrations. In 1967 he was promoted to the post of Under Secretary and moved to the Office of The Minister of Public Service and Cabinet Affairs in the President’s Office at Entebbe dealing with procedural Administration. In 1968, he was promoted to Permanent Secretary. He occupied the post until he was retired by the Amin military regime in 1972 that deposed the Obote I government forcing then President Milton Obote into exile in Tanzania.  He went into business by setting up a commercial shop in Lira town following his exodus as Permanent Secretary.

After the murder of Rev. Janani Luwum, the Inspector of Police Erinayo Oryema and the Secretary to the cabinet, Charles Kole Oboth-Ofumbi; Wacha-Olwol states in his interview with the Daily Monitor on December 13, 2014 that him and his business associates, Otim Obina and Omara Obua of Omara Obua Bus Company were forced into hiding because the Amin regime begun looking for all prominent Lango and all other tribes who were suspected to be supporters of UPC or relatives and close associates of deposed President Milton Obote.  

The news reached him in Kampala and he was forced to go in hiding at a neighbour’s house.  In the meantime, his sons James Apali and Fred Olwol, came to his rescue.  He didn’t wish to go into exile so he decided to continue hiding at his friend’s residence called Yovan Ochan in Anaka He stayed there for one month but had to get up very early in the morning equipped with a shout gun, and go to the park to hide himself under the shades of trees, occasionally facing wild animals like elephants and buffalos. His host soon became scared when word of Wacha-Olwol’s presence in the area begun to get around within the community.

Mr. Ochan had a tractor which he used to transport Wacha-Olwol during the night from Anaka to Loro Gombolola, his birth place, where he again continued to go into hiding at a relative’s home by the name of Mr. Fenekasi Angole. After hiding for a month, he sent a message secretly to his wife ALICE.  Elated to hear that her husband was alive, she immediately made arrangements for her husband to flee to Kenya. Alice bundled all their children and joined Wacha-Olwol in exile until after the liberation war of Uganda in 1979 when .

Whilst in exile, they initially stayed in Nairobi and later settled in Bungoma-Western Kenya. Life in exile was not as bad as anticipated; the family had all the basic necessities they needed though the money allocated to them as refugees was not quite adequate. Wacha-Olwol had a pickup truck which they then leased out to raise some income. Wacha-Olwol kept in touch with Dr. Obote who was also exiled in Dar-es-Salaam. He helped recruit some young Ugandans exiled in Kenya at the same time e.g. Lt Col John Charles Ogole and sent them to Tanzania to join the liberation war of Uganda.

Wacha-Olwol and his family eventually returned to Uganda in May 1979 during the liberation war when the southern part of Uganda was already liberated. He stayed in Kampala given that Northern Uganda including Lira his home district was not yet liberated.

In 1979 after the liberation war, the Liberators identified Prof. Yusuf Lule as the next President of Uganda. His time in power was short-lived; he was ousted and replaced by Mr. Godfrey Binaisa. In May 1980, Binaisa was similarly expelled from presidency and Wacha-Olwol was appointed the Presidential Commissioner together with two High Court Judges; Justice Polycarp Nyamuchoncho and Justice Saul (Saulo) Musoke. The trio governed until the general election for Members of Parliament in December 1980 when they handed over power to the elected government of UPC under the leadership of Dr. Apollo Milton Obote as the President of UPC and Republic of Uganda. Wacha-Olwol subsequently continued to serve Uganda in various capacities viz.:


When the National Resistance Movement(NRM) took over government in 1986, Wacha-Olwol and his affliates; Henry Makmot who was Deputy Minister in the defunct UPC government, Mr. Omara Ojungu and Omara Atubo, founded Lango Community Association to assist victims of torture as well as the displaced persons who were victimized for being affiliated to the UPC government. Wacha-Olwol and his associates helped many displaced people of Lango get settled between 1986 to the millennium era 2000.

Alice Labol Ochola-Wacha, Mzee-Wacha’s wife whose father died young, proved to be the pillar of her father and husband’s home. Hailing from the (Paramount Chief) Rwot Ogwok lineage of Padibe,[1] Lamwo District in , she became a maternal soldier to all her siblings. Her brother, Obol-Ochola who became an outstanding legal scholar, celebrated advocate and politician, was brought up in her home. So were her other brothers David Otti-Ochola of BAT (British American Tobacco) and William Lunyuta-Ochola, a professional hotelier as well as her younger sister Margaret Laloyo-Ochola, a social worker. Her nephews, nieces and many other relatives and friends also spent happy years in the Wacha-Olwol household. Alice brought up all the children in their lives with genuine love and affection. Alice was working as a social worker in Lira at the time after which, she took up hosting at Radio Uganda.  She used to tell stories on the radio and give good advice to women about home, cooking, children and other subjects. She was well known for her ‘ododo’ (folk tales) and many tuned into the programme just to listen to her. 

While the children were growing up, Alice embarked on a new career. She begun working at Bank of Uganda and was there for many years. At the time Alice and Wacha-Olwol were living at Entebbe. Both Alice & Wacha-Olwol made many friends and were popular with their colleagues. They both enjoyed working and always worked hard.

Another career then begun for Alice; she opened up a boutique on Kampala Road to preserve and promote the affluence of African print clothing. Her tailoring company, Peacock Fashioners Ltd. became one of the most popular boutiques in Uganda. The boutique appealed to multitudes all over the world. The wife of Zambian President Mrs Chiluba, the late musician Bob Marley’s mother, the South African singer Yvonne Chaka Chaka to name but a few, all frequented the boutique. Hilary Clinton visited the shop as well when she was in Uganda. Alice also made uniforms for Sheraton Hotel, Reverend Skinner’s singing group Watoto, who toured the world. Peacock had fashion shows on television and equally exported its merchandise overseas. Everyone knew Mrs Wacha from Peacock Fashions and the shop became a meeting place for many people, a place where they knew they would be welcomed.

Mzee-Wacha and Alice were gentle souls who tried to help those in need in all possible ways within their reach. Alice’s spiritual conviction was partly formed and vindicated by their personal experiences.

At the funeral of their son, James Apali, Alice prayed fervently to God to give her a sign that their son was in heaven. Many were present with her when someone pointed out to a rainbow that appeared in the sky. It was so bright. Hanging in a firmament, so low and falling down the horizon, so near to them that the awe stricken mourners could not help but gasp in awe. Alice built a monument where the rainbow fell in the form of a bible that stands today and can be seen by visitors to Amach where Apali was buried.

Alice was a born again Christian. She not only prayed regularly, but also lived a true Christian life. Her heart was pure so was Mzee-Wacha’s nature.  Many hearts were filled with sadness at their passing. The vacuum they left remains empty. Although some will say that time will ease pain and others say God only takes the best and the pictures fade over the years, the memory of beautiful Alice and altruistic Wacha-Olwol will never die.

To all who loved Alice and Wacha-Olwol; there was a light in the dark in their presence, their smile, the gift of laughter they brought to all; the joy the kindness will remain in many hearts forever. To all people who knocked, they opened the door, to those who asked they gave, to those who were naked they clothed. The world is grateful to have had a chance to have known them and thank God for the gift that was their life.

May The Almighty God Rest Their Souls In Eternal Peace: Alice Labol Ochola Wacha: 1933 – 1999. Mzee Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol: 1923-2017.

Mzee Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol was an effective Administrator, Arbitrator, Nationalist and a Gentleman who rose from humble beginnings to national prominence and leadership.

Him and Alice had eight CHILDREN; Grace Wacha-Okia, Jackie Otunnu-Wacha, Lucy Wacha, James Apali Kamale-Wacha (RIP), Judy Wacha, Sunday Wacha Olwol (RIP), Lillian Wacha and Juliana Wacha. He had one child from his first wife; Peter Wacha AND  his second wife bore; Fred Olwol, Celia Wacha (RIP), Guy Okori Wacha (RIP), Martin Wacha (RIP), Richard Okao Wacha, Sarah Wacha.

In his lifetime Mzee Wacha-Olwol was blessed with several GRANDCHILDREN including but not limited to; Cleopatra Kamale-Wacha, Fiona Kamale-Wacha, Klaus Wacha-Olwol, Yvonne Kamale-Wacha, Priscilla Kamale-Wacha, Kimberly Kamale-Wacha, Loi Elizabeth Wacha, Francis Mutyaba-Wacha, Julian Mutyaba-Wacha, Juliana Atim-Wacha, Victoria Wacha, Arianna Wacha-Salmon, Bruce Wacha, Michael Wacha, Malik Wacha, Linda Wacha, Derrick Wacha, Ben Wacha, Philip Wacha, Jojo Wacha,…

GREAT GRANDCHILDREN include; Thyra Oji-Ms Banks, Nia Kamale-Wacha, Thalia Wacha-Engola, Tiana Wacha-Engola, Ava Wacha-Mutembe, Elijah Mutahi Gateran, Arielle James Gateran, Jodie Kamale-Wacha Inneh, Simi Kamale-Wacha Adeleye, Jada Kamale-Wacha Adeleye, Jasher Kamale-Wacha Adeleye, Imani Ferris-Wacha, Alayah Ferris-Wacha, Carmen Wacha Fooks, Julian Wacha Fooks, Neveah Wacha Penfold, Zian Wacha Clark…


[1] “The standing army of Padibe Kingdom was the most powerful all over Acholi-land, thanks to the diplomacy and political manoeuvres of Rwot Ogwok…” Charles Amone, Reasons for the British Choice of the Acholi as the Martial Race of Uganda 1862-1962, Gulu University, May 2014.
Sheffield Shield

The Sheffield Shield (also known as the Marsh Sheffield Shield for sponsorship reasons) is the domestic first-class cricket competition of Australia. The tournament is played by six teams, each representing one of the six states.

The Sheffield Shield is named after Henry Holroyd, 3rd Earl of Sheffield, better known as Lord Sheffield.

Since 1977–78, all six states of Australia have fielded their own team. There is no team for any of the territories. Details of each team are set out below.

Guitar in my Room

“Guitar in my Room” is a song by music video director Cole Bennett created for his music video directing company Lyrical Lemonade. It is a song from Bennett and his company’s debut album All Is Yellow. It features guest vocals from American rappers Lil Durk and Kid Cudi. The song’s video was premiered on the day of its release. 

The song is based off an essay titled “Guitar in my Wall”, saying: “I’m in the room with my guitar. Tryna pull it out the wall”, which Lil Durk rewrites, “I’m in the room with my guitar. Tryna pull it, I’m a star.” 

2023–24 Sheffield Shield season

The 2023–24 Sheffield Shield season is the 122nd season of the Sheffield Shield, the domestic first-class cricket competition being played in Australia. The tournament started in October 2023. Western Australia are the defending champions. In June 2023, Cricket Australia revealed the fixtures of the tournament.

Queensland cricket team

The Queensland men's cricket team, also called the Queensland Bulls, represents Queensland in Australian state cricket competitions.

Orlando Solar Bears

The Orlando Solar Bears are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2012. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Orlando, Florida at Kia Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Syracuse Crunch of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team was started in 2012 by Joe Haleski, Bob Ohrablo, and Jason Siegel. They would name the team the Orlando Solar Bears. Another team called the Orlando Solar Bears played in the International Hockey League (NHL) from 1995 until 2001. They would also keep the original Solar Bears colors. 

On October 12, 2012, the team would play their first game as the Orlando Solar Bears. They would be defeated by the Florida Everblades 5–4 in overtime.

In the 2017–18 season, the Solar Bears would make it to their first playoffs. They would finish third in the South Division but would lose to the Florida Everblades four games to one in the Division Finals.

On August 13, 2018, the Solar Bears and the Tampa Bay Lightning announced their affiliation. The Icemen were previously affiliates with the Minnesota Wild and New York Rangers.

New South Wales cricket team

The New South Wales men's cricket team, also called the NSW Blues, represents New South Wales in Australian state cricket competitions.

South Australia cricket team

The South Australia men's cricket team, also called the West End Redbacks, represents South Australia in Australian state cricket competitions.

Tasmania cricket team

The Tasmanian men's cricket team, also called the Tasmanian Tigers, represents Tasmania in Australian state cricket competitions.

Victoria cricket team

The Victoria men's cricket team represents Victoria in Australian state cricket competitions.

Western Australia cricket team

The Western Australia men's cricket team represents Western Australia in Australian state cricket competitions.

Savannah Ghost Pirates

The Savannah Ghost Pirates are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Savannah, Georgia at Enmarket Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Henderson Silver Knights of the American Hockey League (AHL).

After the Enmarket Arena was built in January 2021, Savannah decided to look around for a sports team to play in it. Andy Kaufman (also owner of the Jacksonville Icemen) was awarded an expansion team by the ECHL Board of Directors on January 27, 2021. On October 27, 2021, the team's name was revealed as the Savannah Ghost Pirates. It was chosen in a name-the-team contest. 

On October 22, 2022, the team would play their first game as the Savannah Ghost Pirates. They would defeat the Greenville Swamp Rabbits 5–4 in overtime.

On May 19, 2022, the Ghost Pirates and the Vegas Golden Knights announced their affiliation.

Dance the Night Away (The Mavericks song)

"Dance the Night Away" is a 1998 song by American band The Mavericks and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Trampoline". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Scotland and number 9 in Ireland. It also went to number 63 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 72 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

US 7-inch single

UK CD single

European CD single

European and Australian maxi-CD single

Elongated Man

The Elongated Man (real name Randolph William "Ralph" Dibny) is a fictional character and comic book superhero in the DC Comics universe. He is a superhero with the ability to stretch his body great lengths, and one of the world's greatest detectives. Despite his prominence in the superhero community. He is a member of three incarnations of the Justice League, and was close to his wife, whom joined him on multiple mysteries alongside being a honorary member of the League.

The character has won and been nominated for several awards over the years, including winning the 1961 Alley Award for Best Supporting Character.

He was created by the late John Broome, and the late Carmine Infantino, and his first appearance was in "The Flash vol. 1, #112" (May 12, 1960).

The character made his live-action debut on The CW's live-action Arrowverse television series "The Flash", portrayed by Hartley Sawyer. In June 2020, following controversy surrounding resurfaced social media posts involving racist and misogynistic references, Sawyer was fired from the series.

Ice (character)

Ice (real name Tora Olafsdotter) is a superheroine from DC Comics, and is a member of the Justice League, the Justice League International, and Global Guardians. She is a female super-hero with magic-cryokinetic powers. Despite her shy and reserved personality, she is an extremely powerful metahuman. There was a traumatic event in her childhood in Norway where she accidentally killed her own father. Her best friend is Fire and her most regular romantic interest is Guy Gardner, one of the Green Lanterns.

She was created by the late Keith Giffen, J. M. DeMatteis, and Kevin Maguire, and she first appeared in "Justice League International" #12 in April of 1988.

Fire (comics)

Fire (real name Beatriz "Bea" Bonilla da Costa), previously known as Green Fury and Green Flame, is a comic book superheroine appearing in publications by DC Comics. She is a Brazilian super model turned government agent turned superhero after an accident granted her the ability to generate green flames. Originally created for the "Super Friends" comic book, she was introduced into mainstream continuity after the Crisis on Infinite Earths. She has been a member of the Global Guardians, Justice League International, Super Buddies and Checkmate.

She was created by Ramona Fradon and the late E. Nelson Bridwell, and first appeared in "Super Friends #25" in October of 1979.

Michelle Hurd played Fire in the 1997 pilot movie "Justice League of America". Natalie Morales went by the name "Green Fury" in an episode of the 2017 series "Powerless".

Rotimi Akeredolu

Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu (July 21, 1956 - December 27, 2023), simply known as Rotimi Akeredolu was a Nigerian lawyer and politician. He was the former executive governor of Ondo State from 2017 until his death in 2023 as a result of cancer, according to the BBC. He was considered a fighter and was described by Bola Tinubu as "a fearless defender who had fought for the masses" in a tribute.

Black Bolt

Blackagar Boltagon, better known as Black Bolt, is a fictional character and superhero that appears in the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as the titular protagonist of his comics, one of the main protagonists in the "Inhumans" comics, and supporting character in other comics such as the "Fantastic Four".

He is an Inhuman, an offshoot of humans who were genetically altered by the Kree, and is the ruler of Attilan and his fellow Inhumans. Though empowered by his physiology, his signature power is his hypersonic voice, and doesn't speak as it will cause massive destruction and uses translators or sing-language to speak to others. He is the member of the Inhuman Royal family and Universal Inhumans, and has been a member of the Illuminati alongside Mr. Fantastic, Iron Man, Doctor Strange, Professor X, and Namor the Sub-Mariner.

He was a created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Fantastic Four #45" in December of 1965.

Since his debut in the comics, he has appeared in numerous media in television and video games. On ABC's "Inhumans", which is part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), he was portrayed by Anson Mount, who reprised his role as an alternate version of the character in "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

Daisy Johnson

Daisy Louise Johnson, also known as Quake, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "Secret Wars" comics, a supporting character in the "New Avengers" comics, and one of the main characters of the "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and the "Force Works" comics.

She is the daughter of the supervillain Mr. Hyde with the inherited gift with the ability to cause earthquakes via vibrations, and later became a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. Acting as Nick Fury's loyal right-hand, she was forced to leave the agency when Maria Hill replaced Fury following his war against Latveria. Later going by the codename "Quake", Johnson would become the leader of the Secret Warriors, the Warriors, and has been a member of the Avengers and Force Works.

She was created by Brian Michael Bendis and Gabriele Dell'Otto, and first appeared in "Secret Wars #2" in July-May of 2004.

Since her debut, Quake has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) television series, "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", where she was portrayed by Chloe Bennet.

Abra Kadabra (character)

Abra Kadabra (Citizen Abra) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is an enemy to the Flash from the 64th Century who uses advanced technology to make it appear as though he is using magic. His prowess and sadistic attitude make him one of the Flash's most dangerous villains. Later he becomes an actual magic-user when he gains powers through a deal with Neron. He has been a member of the Rogues, the Injustice Gang and the Secret Society of Super Villains.

"Abra Kadabra" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #128 (1962).

Abra Kadabra has made several animated appearances and appeared in two episodes of the live-action Arrowverse series, "The Flash", portrayed by David Dastmalchian.

Al Iafrate

Albert Anthony Iafrate ( ; born March 21, 1966) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the National Hockey League in 1984 and 1998. He is most famous for his very hard slapshot. He set a record for speed during the NHL Skills Competition of 1993, which was a record for 16 years. The speed of the slapshot was . The record was broken in 2009 by Zdeno Chára of the Boston Bruins with a slapshot at 105.4 mph in Montreal. Iafrate was born in Dearborn, Michigan, and grew up in Livonia, Michigan.

Iafrate was given the nickname "the Planet" by "The Boston Globe" writer Kevin Paul Dupont for his not regular personality.

Throughout the world, Iafrate has been on the United States team at the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1998 IIHF World Championship.

As a child, Iafrate played in the 1979 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Detroit.

Iafrate was chosen fourth overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft after a big career with the Windsor Compuware Spitfires and a short stay with the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Iafrate played for Team USA in the 1984 Winter Olympics at Sarajevo, Yugoslavia. During the summer of 1984 Iafrate was driving a car with teammate Mike Vellucci when it crashed and flipped several times. Vellucci broke his back in the accident and could not play in the 1984–85 season, while Iafrate broke some ribs.

Iafrate started his NHL career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1984 and played 68 games as a new blue liner, scoring 21 points for the team. One of his best moments came during his fourth season in the league when his heavy slapshot helped him score 22 goals and 52 points. Injuries made him only play 65 games and 33 points in the year after. After, he was allowed back in the 1989–90 season, scoring 21 goals and 63 points and making a return to the All-Star Game playing on the Maple Leafs. After 41 games in Toronto, Iafrate was added to the Washington Capitals in a trade for Peter Zezel and Bob Rouse. Toronto General Manager Floyd Smith was aware of what he had traded in the deal: "This year he hasn't played like an All-Star, and he'd be the first to admit that, but he certainly has the ability."

Cabinet (album)

Cabinet is the debut studio album by Spawn of Possession. The album was released on January 14, 2003.

Reddell, Louisiana

Reddell is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lydia, Louisiana

Lydia is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bayou Goula, Louisiana

Bayou Goula is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Crescent, Louisiana

Crescent is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dorseyville, Louisiana

Dorseyville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ossun, Louisiana

Ossun is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Watson, Louisiana

Watson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Brainbombs (2007 compilation)

Brainbombs is a compilation by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs in 2007 by Polly Maggoo Records which compiles songs made by the band from 1993 to 2007. The last 12 tracks are from a show at ROCK ALL, Oslo.

Empire, Louisiana

Empire is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Port Sulphur, Louisiana

Port Sulphur is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Triumph, Louisiana

Triumph is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Venice, Louisiana

Venice is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ventress, Louisiana

Ventress is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Deville, Louisiana

Deville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Start, Louisiana

Start is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Richland Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bayou Gauche, Louisiana

Bayou Gauche is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Montz, Louisiana

Montz is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

New Sarpy, Louisiana

New Sarpy is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Norco, Louisiana

Norco is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Paradis, Louisiana

Paradis is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

St. Rose, Louisiana

St. Rose is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Taft, Louisiana

Taft is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Nayland, New Zealand

Nayland is a suburb of Nelson and is north of Stoke, close to Nelson Airport and is southwest of Nelson City. It has three schools including a high school in the suburb.

Jelta Wong

Jelta Wong is a Papua New Guinean politician. He was first elected to the 10th National Parliament for the Gazelle Open seat in the 2017 General Elections as a United Resource Party candidate. He has been appointed as Minister for Health and HIV/AIDS in two separate terms both under Prime Minister James Marape, after being Minister for Police under Prime Minister Peter O'Neill.

Münchausen syndrome by proxy

The similarly-named Münchausen syndrome is a condition where a person fakes or invents medical problems to get more attention from a caregiver. In the Münchausen syndrome by proxy a patient is substituted: a caregiver invents health problems in another person, so that the patient will get more attention. Very often, this person is their child. Sometimes, people injure their children, or they change test samples for one that will give a different, more serious result. 

Münchausen Syndrome is also known as Factitious Disorder Imposed on Self, "factitious" being another word for "fake." Likewise, Münchausen Syndrome by Proxy is known as Factitious Disorder Imposed on Another. Usually, the caregiver does not get specific benefits from their behavior. Sometimes, the people cared for get serious or permanent health problems, up to and including fatal results.

The cause of the syndrome is unknown. The main motive may be to get attention and manipulate physicians. Risk factors include pregnancy related complications, and a mother who was abused as a child or has factitious disorder imposed on self. The condition is often discovered when the child is removed from the mother's care, and the child's health suddenly improves. Sometimes, video surveillance to collect evidence is set up without the suspected person's knowing it.

Those affected have been subjected to a form of physical abuse and medical neglect.

Usually, the condition is solved by social welfare services attention. This may involve putting the child in foster care. Therapy may help when the caregiver realizes they need help. How commonly it occurs is unknown. It appears to be relatively rare, though. More than 95% of cases involve a person's mother. The condition was first named in 1977 by Roy Meadow. The presence of the disorder may indicate criminal behavior.

George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum

The George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library and burial site of George H. W. Bush, the 41st president of the United States and his wife Barbara Bush. The west campus of Texas A&M University at 1000 George Bush Drive West in College Station, Texas. The library is one of ran by the National Archives and Records Administration.

The library was dedicated on November 6, 1997, as the George Bush Presidential Library and Museum. The library was rededicated on November 10, 2007.

Bush's daughter Pauline Robinson Bush was originally buried at Putnam Cemetery in Greenwich, Connecticut, but was re-buried at the library in 2000.

Barbara Bush was buried on April 21, 2018, following her death on April 17, 2018.

George H. W. Bush was buried on December 6, 2018, following his death on November 30, 2018.

Péchaudier

Péchaudier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Peyregoux

Peyregoux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Peyrole

Peyrole is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Pont-de-Larn

Pont-de-Larn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Poudis

Poudis is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Poulan-Pouzols

Poulan-Pouzols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Prades, Tarn

Prades is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Pratviel

Pratviel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puéchoursi

Puéchoursi is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puybegon

Puybegon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Jean-Dominique Senard

Jean-Dominique Senard (born 7 March 1953) is a French businessman.

Senard is the chairman of Renault, a car company. from May 2012 till January 2019, he is CEO of Michelin. Senard was the first Michelin CEO not related to the Michelin family.

He graduates in 1976 from HEC Paris.

Puycalvel

Puycalvel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puycelsi

Puycelsi (before 2011: "Puycelci") is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puylaurens

Puylaurens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rabastens

Rabastens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rayssac

Rayssac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Réalmont

Réalmont is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Rialet

Le Rialet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Riols

Le Riols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rivières, Tarn

Rivières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Ronel

Ronel is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Kennedy Noble

Kennedy Noble is an American swimmer. She won gold medals in 200 metres backstroke, and Mixed 4x100 metres Medley Relay, at the 2023 Pan American Games.

She swam for Millennium High School.

She won the 100 metres backstroke at the 2019 Junior Nationals.

She competed at the 2021 FINA Swimming World Cup.

She swims for North Carolina State University.


Rosário do Sul

Rosário do Sul is an Brazilian municipality in the southwestern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. In 2020, 39,314 people lived here. Its area is 4,369.65 km². Its elevation is 151 m. It is about 380 km west of the state capital Porto Alegre.

Genital wart

Genital warts are a sexually transmitted infection caused by certain types of human papillomavirus (HPV). They typically appear as small bumps on the skin of the penis, vulva, cervix and anus. They may be flat or project out from the surface of the skin, and their color may vary; brownish, white, pale yellow, pinkish-red, or gray. There may be a few individual warts or several, either in a cluster or merged together in a cauliflower shape. Usually they cause few symptoms, but can occasionally be painful. They can be itchy or burn. Typically they appear one to eight months after exposure. Warts are the most easily recognized symptom of genital HPV infection.

Such warts are usually caused by HPV types 6 and 11. They are spread through direct skin-to-skin contact, usually during oral, genital, or anal sex with an infected partner. Diagnosis is generally based on symptoms and can be confirmed by biopsy. The types of HPV that cause cancer are not the same as those that cause warts.

There are vaccines against HPV. Some of these vaccines can prevent genital warts; using a condom also does, as it removes the direct skin-to-skin contact.

As treatment, there are creams that include substances such as podohpyllin, imiquimod, or trichloracetic acid. Cryotherapy or surgery may also be an option. After treatment warts often resolve within six months. Without treatment, in up to a third of cases they resolve on their own.

About 1% of people in the United States have genital warts. Many people,who are infected do not have symptoms. Without vaccination nearly all sexually active people will get some type of HPV at one point in their lives. The disease has been known at least since the time of Hippocrates in 300 BC.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Genital herpes

Rosario, Uruguay

Rosario, also known as Rosario Oriental, Villa del Rosario or Rosario del Colla, is a city in Colonia Department in Uruguay. About 10,000 people lived there. The current mayor is Daniel Dibot.
Rosario is on the right bank of the stream Arroyo Colla, which flows into the river Rosario. It is about 60 km west of the departmental capital Colonia del Sacramento. Rosario is on Route 2 at the intersection with Route 1.

The city was founded on 24 January 1775 by Benito Herosa. It got city status on 17 August 1920.


Altos del Rosario

Altos del Rosario is a municipality in the Bolívar Department in northern Colombia.

Rosario de la Frontera

Rosario de la Frontera is a city in the Salta Province in Argentina. In 2010, 26,174 people lived there.

Midazolam

Midazolam is a drug. It is used as a sedative, it calms people down. It is also used as an anesthetic. It will make people sleepy. It also causes anterograde amnesia In some parts of the world it is known as Versed. 

Midazolam is a benzodiazepine. This means that people will get addicted to it, if they take it for a longer period of time. 

The drug does not make people to become unconscious, it only sedates them. Midazolam is also used to treat long-lasting seizures. Most often, a seizure is short. Midazolam is available in different forms; there are tablets to be taken by mouth, there is a solution that can be injected, and there are ways to allow to give it anally. There's also a spray. When it is injected, it usually starts working within as little as five minutes. Effects last between one and six hours. 

Side effects include a decrease in efforts to breathe, low blood pressure, and sleepiness. Tolerance to its effects and withdrawal syndrome may occur after long-term use. Paradoxical effects, such as increased activity, can occur especially in children and older people. There is evidence of risk when used during pregnancy but no evidence of harm with a single dose during breastfeeding. Like other benzodiazepines, it works by increasing the activity of the GABA neurotransmitter in the brain.

Midazolam was patented in 1974 and came into medical use in 1982. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Midazolam is available as a generic medication.In many countries, it is a controlled substance. This means that a medical prescription is required to get it. 

In the past, midazolam has been used for the following: 


Rachita Arora

Rachita Arora is a singer and music composer in Indian movies. She is best known for her work in the Anurag Kashyap movie Mukkabaaz.

She started her career by composing music for theatre plays in Delhi. She met Makarand Deshpande in Mumbai who liked her work and asked her to produce music for him. She composed music for theatre before entering into film industry.

She did her first film Newton with Rajkummar Rao. She also composed music for ‘Mumbai Paani Mafia’ a documentary telecast on Discovery Channel, India.

She comes from Delhi and is trained in Hindustani classical music.

Rupi Kaur

Rupi Kaur (born 4 October 1992) is a Canadian poet. She wrote three books till now in her career.

She was born in Punjab, India. Kaur immigrated to Canada at a young age with her family.

Roquecourbe

Roquecourbe is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Roquemaure, Tarn

Roquemaure is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Roquevidal

Roquevidal is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rosières, Tarn

Rosières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rouairoux

Rouairoux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rouffiac, Tarn

Rouffiac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Shiv Kumar Batalvi

Shiv Kumar Batalvi (23 July 1936 - 6 May 1973) was an Indian poet, writer and playwright of the Punjabi language. He was best known for his works of romantic poetry. He was also called "Birha Da Sultan". He was the youngest recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award.

He was born in the village Bara Pind Lohtian in the Shakargarh Tehsil of Gurdaspur District into a Punjabi Hindu Brahmin family. His father's name is Pandit Krishan Gopal Sharma and mother's name is Shanti Devi. 

He completed his matriculation in 1953 at Panjab University. 

On 5 February 1967, he married, Aruna, a Brahmin girl from his own caste. She is from Kiri Mangyal, Gurdaspur district, and later the couple had two children, Meharban (1968) and Puja (1969). 

The poem 'Main ek shikra yaar banaya' is in the Punjabi Language, the English translation of this poem is also equally beautiful. Shiv Kumar Batalvi's poems have been sung by famous singers such as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Ghulam Ali, Jagjit Singh, Hans Raj Hans, and many others. 

After he returned from his England tour in 1972, he developed liver cirrhosis. Batalvi died in Kiri Mangial during the early morning hours.


Sassui Punnhun

Sassi Punnu or Sassui Punnhun ( , ) is a well known Sindhi, Balochi and Punjabi folktale. It is one of the seven popular tragic romances of Sindh. It is one of the most popular folktales in Balochistan. The story is about a faithful lover who will suffer any difficulty to find her beloved husband who was separated from her by enemies.

The tale was first introduced in the texts of Qazi Qadan. Later, it was retold by in Punjabi.

According to the legend, Sassui was a beautiful girl who belonged to a wealthy family. Punnu, on the other hand, was a poor musician who played the flute and sang for a living. Despite their social differences, the two fell deeply in love and decided to get married.

However, Sassui’s family did not approve of their relationship and forbade her from seeing Punnu. They even went to the extent of forcing Sassui to marry someone else. Devastated, Punnu went in search of his beloved, and after wandering in the desert for days, he finally arrived at the place where Sassui was being held captive.
The couple met again, and this time, they decided to elope and start a new life together. They left their families behind and embarked on a long journey through the desert, hoping to find a place where they could live happily ever after.
However, their journey was not without its challenges. They faced numerous obstacles along the way, including harsh weather conditions, hunger, and thirst. But despite everything, they persevered and finally arrived at a beautiful oasis, where they decided to make their home.

Unfortunately, their happiness was short-lived. Sassui’s family eventually found out where they were living and sent a group of men to retrieve her. Punnu fought valiantly to protect his wife, but he was outnumbered and eventually killed in the struggle.

Heartbroken, Sassui threw herself into Punnu’s funeral pyre, choosing to die rather than live without her beloved. The tragic story of Sassui and Punnu has become a symbol of true love and sacrifice in the Sindh region and is still remembered and celebrated to this day.

Terre-de-Bancalié

Terre-de-Bancalié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Roumégoux (the seat), Ronel, Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm, Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse, Terre-Clapier and Le Travet.

Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm

Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Roumégoux, Tarn

Roumégoux is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse

Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Terre-Clapier

Terre-Clapier is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Le Travet

Le Travet is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Roussayrolles

Roussayrolles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Affrique-les-Montagnes

Saint-Affrique-les-Montagnes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Agnan, Tarn

Saint-Agnan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Amancet

Saint-Amancet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Punjabi Qisse

A Punjabi Qissa ( , ) is a tradition of Punjabi language oral story-telling in Punjab region of eastern Pakistan and northwestern India.

The Punjabi language has a vast literature of qisse, mainly focused on themes of love, passion, betrayal, sacrifice, social values, and the common man's rebellion against a larger system. In Punjabi tradition, friendship, loyalty, love and qaul (verbal agreement or promise) hold great importance, and most qisse revolve around these elements. Qisse have inspired Punjabi folk music and added depth and richness to its delivery. These traditions were passed down through generations through oral or written forms and were often recited, told as bedtime stories to children, or performed musically as folk songs.

Each qissa has unique requirements for performance, and a person who can sing or recite one may not be able to transmit another due to vocal range requirements and accurate pauses necessary for successful recitation without becoming breathless and unable to continue performing. Many modern Punjabi music beats originated from qisse traditions and recitations in old times. Qisse are also considered some of the best poetry ever written in Punjabi language literature due to their themes and poetic style of expression.


Amrita Pritam

Amrita Pritam (31 August 1919 – 31 October 2005) was an Indian novelist and poet, who wrote in Punjabi and Hindi. She is the recipient of the 1956 Sahitya Akademi Award. She wrote more than 100 books of poetry, fiction, biographies, essays, a collection of Punjabi folk songs and an autobiography that were all translated into several Indian and foreign languages.

Pritam was born on August 31, 1919, in Gujranwala, Punjab, British India. She was the only child of Raj Bibi, who was a school teacher, and Kartar Singh Hitkari, who was a poet, a scholar of the Braj Bhasha language, and the editor of a literary journal.

She was known for her powerful and emotional poetry that often portrayed the struggles of women and the partition of India. Her writing continues to inspire generations of readers with its themes of love, loss, and social injustice.

She started her journey as a romantic poet and soon became part of the Progressive Writers' Movement. The effect was seen in her collection, "Lok Peed" ("People's Anguish", 1944), which openly criticised the war-torn economy after the Bengal famine of 1943. She was also involved in social work.

She also worked at a radio station in for a while, before the partition of India.

She passed away on October 31, 2005 after a long sickness but her legacy lives on through her timeless words.

Camarão Indians' letters

Camarão Indians' letters () is the name for six letters the Potiguara Indians wrote during 1645. They were written because of the Dutch Invasion of Brazil. They are also known as Tupi letters from Camarão Indians (). They are the only known texts written by Brazilian Indians until the Independence of Brazil. The Camarão Indians' letters are also the only record of Old Tupi writing in Colonial Brazil. Today, the letters are in the archives of the Royal Library of the Netherlands; they have been there for almost 400 years.

The letters are known since 1885. People tried to translate them, but failed. Eduardo de Almeida Navarro, a philologist , published the first complete translation in October 2022. He also transcribed the letters, and left some comments. 

A seventh letter was later found in the National Archive, in the city of Rio de Janeiro.

In 1624, the Dutch organized an invasion of the Brazilian Northeast. They did this using the West India Company. They were not successful. They later returned to Europe with some natives. Among them we Antonio Paraupaba and Pedro Poti. Both converted to Calvinism in Europe, where they lived for five years. They also got an education in Dutch. 
Five years later, in 1630, the Dutch again invaded Pernambuco in order to establish a colony in Brazil. They came with more than seven thousand men and 67 ships. They succeeded, and by 1640 they already dominated a considerable portion of the northeastern coast. — Maranhão, Paraíba, Pernambuco, Rio Grande do Norte and Sergipe. However, in 1644 the Dutch governor Jean Maurice (Johan Maurits) of Nassau returned to the Netherlands. He had managed to balance the complicated relations between the West India Company and the indebted sugar plantation owners, and to enforce religious freedom.
Because the Dutch always came to collect the debts, the sugarcane farmers wanted to expel the Dutch. When Maurice of Nassau left, religious conflicts started agaiin. In 1645, the Dutch killed faithful Catholics, in Cunhaú, in the town of Canguaretama. In October, another slaughter was recorded, this time in Uruaçu.

In the same year, the began, a movement opposed to Dutch rule and commanded by André Vidal de Negreiros, Henrique Dias, and Antônio Filipe Camarão.

A Tupi-speaking Potiguara, Filipe Camarão was responsible for leading the Christian Indians (like his uncle and his cousin Diogo Pinheiro Camarão) against the Dutch. Some Indians supported the Dutch side, among them the caciques Pedro Poti, also a cousin of Filipe Camarão, and Antônio Paraupaba.

That is the context in which the letters were written and exchanged among the Portuguara. Those on the side of the Portuguese sent letters to the allies of the Dutch, to persuade them to change sides. The messages were written in Old Tupi because their recipients, Pedro Poti and Antônio Paraupaba, had been literate in Dutch, unlike their senders who were literate in Portuguese. The Old Tupi language was therefore a means of communication between the two sides of the conflict.

In 1906, the engineer Teodoro Fernandes Sampaio attempted to translate the letters in his article "Cartas tupis dos Camarões" (Camarão Indians' Tupi letters). He received them from historian , who had discovered them in 1885. Sampaio confessed that only with great difficulty could he understand them, and he could not translate them all. He therefore limited himself to only two letters.

Until the 1990s, there are no other documented attempts at translating them. In the 1990s, Aryon Rodrigues, a professor at Unicamp and a linguist went to the Netherlands, to look for them. He tried to translate them, but was unable to. At the same time, philiogist Eduardo de Almeida Navarro came in cxontact with the letters. He said the were hard to translate, because there were no Tupi dictionaries. In 2013, Eduardo Navarro published published a dictionary. He also devoted himself to the letters, and produced a microfilm version. This versionis at the Hague Library.

Eight years later, in 2021, , Eduardo Navarro announced that he had translated the six letters. This was widely covered by the Brazillian press.</ref> The transcription and annotated full translation of the Camarão Indians' letters were published in the periodical "Boletim do Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi" in October 2022.

According to Eduardo Navarro, the letters' contents were mysterious because few people knew about the Tupi language, Few systematic studies about the language, such as dictionaries, had been created.

Tupi was mostly a spoken language. As a result, the same word can be spelled a number of different ways. In some cases, words were written separately, in others they were written as one word. Teodoro Sampaio also said this.

Other problems with the translation were that words were often abbreviated, but that not all people used the same abbreviations. Finally, there are differences in punctuation. What is more, the peope writing the letters were literate in Portuguese, the wrote their native language as they heard it. Like a Portuguese speaker, they wrote "taquesse" instead of "táxi". They also dd not use certain phonemes, nor puctuationb markers or accents. The letters also present a Tupi that was spoken in a colloquial way, which is different from the formal writings of the Jesuits.

Roughly speaking, the pro-Portuguese natives asked those who were allied with the Dutch to return to the Portugese side, calling the Protestants heretics. This is the argument used by Filipe Camarão in his first letter to Pedro Poti, dated August 19, 1645. He also states that the Dutch are in "the Devil's fire".

Pedro Poti ordered that the messenger of such a letter be killed, and its answer is known only through Dutch summaries by Pastor Johannes Edwards, because the Portuguese did not preserve the letters of the indigenous people. The cacique Pedro Poti is said to have criticized the Portuguese forcefully, saying that he could not switch to the Portuguese side, because they had only harmed his people by enslaving and killing them.

In general, the letters show that the Indians were disstified with the dituation they were in. They wanted their relatives to unitte, to stop fighting each other, and to go back to living according to their old traditions. They are desperate efforts in an attempt to save their people from destruction, The disruption of their traditional world is noticeable in all six letters.

In his letters, Filipe Camarão tried to appeal to the sense of identity among the Potiguaras. He also assured Pedro Poti and Antônio Paraupaba that the natives would be forgiven if they went over to the Portuguese side, but said that if they resisted, they would be killed, since the honors bestowed by the Dutch on the natives were not valid for the Portuguese{ — when Europeans were captured, they were not killed, but turned into prisoners and used as bargaining chips.

The letters are important today, because they are written by people who have always been oppressed. They were written by indigenous people. The letters show that these people were not content with their situation. They also show that there were conflicts between the different Europeans, and that the native people wanted to rescue past traditions. The letters also bring to light previously unknown information, such as place names and other indigenous combatants, as well as revealing details about battles.

As far as the scientific study of language is concerned, the letters of the Camarão Indians are considered the most valuable documents in the field of Brazilian . They show how Old Tupi was actually spoken by the people writing the letters. They also show that the Jesuit missionaries correctly described the Tupi language. There are some scholars, such as who claim that the Jesuits adapted the language to their own interests, pejoratively calling it "Jesuit Tupi".

Furthermore, the letters of the Camarão Indians also help to understand the linguistic evolution of Old Tupi, influenced by Portuguese. In fact, these writings display the use of the gerund in constructions analogous to the Portuguese "" (I'm speaking), when it was Tupi's nature to invert this logic and say "falo estando" ([I] speak being).

The letters also reveal the predominance of a subject-verb-object syntax ( — "" [I have sent my soldiers there]), although there were still examples of subject-object-verb syntax ( — "" [there also two women I sent]), primitive Tupi tendency, as recorded in texts.

In March 2022, Natal mayor met with Eduardo Navarro and agreed that the city would distribute didactic material about the letters to public school students and tourists. The mayor showed his intention to democratize the access to information about the correspondence between the Potiguaras.



Divan-i Shams-i Tabrizi

Divan-i Kabir (), also known as Divan-i Shams is a collection of poems written by the Persian poet and Sufi mystic Rumi. It is the collection of lyric poems written in the Persian language, it contains more than 40,000 verses and over 3,000 ghazals.

In 1244, Rumi met a Sufi dervish named Shams-i Tabrizi in Konya, who became his spiritual teacher and introduced him to music and poetry. Shams left and returned a few times before disappearing, possibly being killed in 1248. Rumi wrote poetry about his love and loss for Shams after his disappearance. The poems were collected after Rumi's death by his students as the Divan-i Shams-i Tabrizi. Most of the poems were written around 1247, after Shams' second disappearance. Some poems were written after Rumi confirmed Shams' death. Different editions of the Divan organize the poems differently, either by alphabet or by meter. The first printed copy of the Divan was made in Europe in 1838, but more accurate editions have been published since then based on original manuscripts.

The poems in Rumi's Divan are not just about teaching things like his Masnavi book is known for; instead, they express Rumi's deep philosophical ideas about love and longing. Some scholars believe that Rumi rejects longing in favor of unity with God because longing creates a separation between people and things outside themselves. This goes against Rumi’s belief in divine unity or tawhid found in Islam’s declaration that there is no other god but God (Shahada). According to this viewpoint by Rokus de Groot, Rumi thinks that those who are drunk with love have a duality between themselves and the object of their love, whereas those who are drunk with God are united as one. Rumi signed about a third of the Divan under Shams-i Tabrizi’s name to repudiate his longing for Shams after his disappearance and embrace the unity of all beings found in divine love.

Mostafa Vaziri argues that Rumi's references to love in the Divan represent a separate religion or Mazhab-e ‘Ishq, which is universalist and not uniquely Islamic. Vaziri suggests that Rumi's notion of love is a designation for the incorporeal reality of existence that lies outside of physical conception. According to Vaziri, Rumi's references to Shams in the Divan are not about the person of Shams but about the all encompassing universality of the love reality itself that goes beyond any religious or cultural boundaries or distinctions between people and things outside themselves which goes against Rumi’s belief in divine unity or tawhid found in Islam’s declaration that there is no other god but God (Shahada).

Shams Tabrizi

Shams-i Tabrīzī () (1185–1248) was a Persian poet, who is the spiritual instructor of Rumi. He is mentioned and respected highly in Rumi's poetry collection, especially in Diwan-i Shams-i Tabrizi.

According to some accounts, Shams Tabrizi was the son of Imam Ala al-Din and received his education in Tabriz under Baba Kamal al-Din Jumdi. Before meeting Rumi, Shams traveled from place to place selling girdles and weaving baskets, earning him an epithet called "the embroiderer." However, some scholars have questioned the reliability of these biographical accounts.

Shams first encountered Rumi in Konya in 1244. Rumi was reading when Shams asked him what he was doing. Rumi replied that it was something that Shams couldn't understand, and Shams threw Rumi's books into a nearby pool of water. To Rumi's surprise, the books were dry when he rescued them. Shams then challenged Rumi with two questions about the saints Bayazid and Muhammad, and Rumi's answers led Shams to realize that Rumi was the object of his longing. Shams left Konya and settled in Khoy, but Rumi continued to attribute his own poetry to Shams as a sign of love and respect for his departed friend and master. In Rumi's poetry, Shams became a guide of Allah's love for mankind, dispelling darkness and shining the Light of Sun as a guide for the right path on earth. The source of Shams' teachings was the knowledge of Ali ibn Abu Talib, who is also called the father of sufism.

In the Sufi tradition, Shams Tabrizi's disappearance is a mystery. Some believe he was killed by Rumi's jealous disciples, while others say he left Konya and died in Khoy where he was buried. Rumi's son, Sultan Walad, mentions in his writing that Shams disappeared without giving more details. Shams' tomb in Khoy has been nominated as a World Cultural Heritage Center by UNESCO.

Rumi ghazal 163

Rumi's ghazal 163, which begins "Go, my friends", is a well known Persian ghazal (love poem) of seven verses by Rumi. The poem is written in the year 1247. 

In this poem, Rumi is requesting his friend Shams-e Tabriz to come back to Konya from Damascus.

It is a beautiful expression of love and devotion towards the beloved one.

In the poem Rumi asks his friends to bring his beloved friend back home, and to not accept any excuses. In the second half of the poem, the writer praises and describes his beloved's wonderful qualities. It ends with greetings and an offer of service. The poem is well-liked in Persian-speaking countries and has been turned into music by various famous artists.

There is a famous miniature painting from 1503 that shows three of the verses, with an illustration of Shams-e Tabriz playing chess. In this painting, there are three sections showing different people in each. In the top section, Sultan Walad and a friend are shown arriving, along with two young men dressed in red and blue who are followers of Shams. In the middle section, Shams is playing chess with a Christian boy, while the young man in red and Sultan Walad are watching them. In the bottom section, it is night time, and the men in red and blue are sitting with Shams, while Sultan Walad and his friend are on the right. The men are dressed for travel, and there is a bodyguard with Sultan Walad. The chess game depicted is called Shatranj, which was similar to modern chess but with different rules.


Himyar ibn Saba

Himyar ibn Saba ibn Yashjub ibn Ya'rub ibn Qahtan is a legendary figure and traditional ancestor of the Himyarite kings of Yemen. He is a descendant of the Islamic prophet Hud.
Polypedates hecticus

The Samara flying frog ("Polypedates hecticus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, on Samar Island.

Scientists think this might be the same species as "Polypedates leucomystax".

Eraserhead

Eraserhead is a 1977 American surrealist movie by David Lynch. It was the first feature movie made by Lynch.

Felizzano

Felizzano is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Fraconalto

Fraconalto is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Francavilla Bisio

Francavilla Bisio is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Frascaro

Frascaro is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Frassinello Monferrato

Frassinello Monferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Stimulant psychosis

Stimulant psychosis is a mental disortder where people get symptoms similar to that of psychosis (for example hallucinations, delusions, disorganized thinking, or being disorganized). Usually, it occurs after people take too many stimulants, over a longer time (usually days). One study found that it can also occur with regular prescribed drugs, in normal doses, in about 0.1% of the people (1 in 1000) who startamphetamine or methylphenidate therapy. 

Methamphetamine psychosis, or long-term effects of stimulant use in the brain (at the molecular level), depend upon genetics and may persist for some time.

Treatment usually consists in assisting the patient in the acute phase, and to look that people drnk enough, have a normal blood pressure, and body temperature. Typical and atypical antipsychotics are sometimes used to help treatment.

Frassineto Po

Frassineto Po is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Fresonara

Fresonara is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Jevnaker

Jevnaker is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. In 2022, 6,908 people lived there. Before Oppland, it was part of the Viken county on 1 January 2020.


Lunner

Lunner is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. In 2022, 9,144 people lived there.

It is part of the traditional district Hadeland. 

History: It was part of Oppland county until 2020. It was part of Viken county, from 1 January 2020.


Rosario River (Uruguay)

The Rosario River () is a river in the Colonia Department in Uruguay. The river starts in Cuchilla Grande Inferior. It is near the border with the departments of San José, Flores, and Soriano, and flows into the Río de la Plata.

Stegen

Stegen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Terry Beasley

Terry Paul Beasley (February 5, 1950 – January 31, 2024) was an American professional football player who was a wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Auburn Tigers, earning unanimous All-American honors in 1971. He was selected by the 49ers in the first round of the 1972 NFL Draft with the 19th overall pick and was later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2002. He died of a suspected suicide at his home in Moody, Alabama, on January 31, 2024, five days before his 74th birthday.

Ride a White Horse

"Ride a White Horse" is a 2006 song by British dance band Goldfrapp and is the third single from their third studio album "Supernature". It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Spain, number 9 in Scotland and number 36 in Ireland. In 2007 it was featured in an episode of "The L Word".








Massachusetts General Court

The Massachusetts General Court is the legislative branch of the Massachusetts government. It consists of the Massachusetts Senate, its upper house, and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, its lower house.

Massachusetts Democratic Party

The Massachusetts Democratic Party is the branch of the Democratic Party that has business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Massachusetts Republican Party

The Massachusetts Republican Party , also known as the MassGOP, is the branch of the Republican Party that has business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Panago

Panago is a Canadian chain of pizza delivery restaurants. The company has restaurants in six provinces across Canada. There are around 195 stores. Panago makes $160 million in sales annually.

In 1986, Panago was started by Dr. Ernest and Doris Rooke in Abbotsford, British Columbia.

The store would first be called Panagopoulos 2 for 1 Pizza Place. It would go through many names before finally changing to Panago in 2000.

In April 2007, the first Toronto store was opened at Bay Street and Gerard Street.

On July 21, 2009, Panago opened a store in Fredericton, New Brunswick, their first store in Atlantic Canada.

List of political parties in Bougainville

Bougainville ( ; Tok Pisin: "Bogenvil"), officially the Autonomous Region of Bougainville (Tok Pisin: "Otonomos Region bilong Bogenvil"), is an autonomous region in Papua New Guinea. The largest island is Bougainville Island, while the region also includes Buka Island and a number of outlying islands and atolls. The current capital is Buka, situated on Buka Island.

This page lists political parties in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, an autonomous region within Papua New Guinea. The following political parties operate only within Bougainville.


Colleen Wing

Colleen Wing is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Marvel Premiere" #19 (November 1974), created by writer Doug Moench and artist Larry Hama. She is a samurai and one half of the detective/bail-bond firm Daughters of the Dragon. She and Misty Knight co-own 'Heroes for Hire'.

Jessica Henwick portrayed the character in the Netflix television series "Iron Fist" (2017–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and the 2018 second season of "Luke Cage", set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

South Carolina Stingrays

The South Carolina Stingrays are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1993. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in North Charleston, South Carolina at North Charleston Coliseum. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team was started in 1993 by Joseph Scanlon. It would later be sold to Edwin Pearlstine, Jerry and Anita Zucker, Harvey Nathan and Lynn Bernstein. The team was first going to be named the South Carolina Sharks but didn't want to be sued by the San Jose Sharks. They decided to change the name to the South Carolina Stingrays. 

On October 19, 1993, the team would play their first game as the South Carolina Stingrays. They would be defeated by the Roanoke Express 5–4 in overtime.

The team would be successful during the 1996–97 season. They finished with 45 wins, 15 losses, and 100 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the Louisiana IceGators four games to one. The Stingrays would win Kelly Cups in the 2000–01 and 2008–09 seasons.

On June 26, 2014, the Stingrays and the Washington Capitals announced their affiliation. The Stingrays were previously affiliates with the Boston Bruins.

Wong (Marvel Comics)

Wong is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. He is the sidekick and manservant of Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme of Earth. Wong was first mentioned in the comic "Strange Tales #110" and first appeared in "Strange Tales #147". In the 2006 miniseries Dr. Strange: the Oath, it was revealed that Wong stems from a family of monks living in Kamar-Taj. He has a cousin currently in training in the occult and has talked to him about one day replacing Wong as a servant to Dr. Strange.

Wong was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Steve Ditko.

The character was portrayed by Clyde Kusatsu in the 1978 television movie "Dr. Strange". Benedict Wong portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Doctor Strange" (2016), "" (2018), "" (2019), "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021), "" (2021), and "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" as well as the Disney+ series "" (both 2022). Additionally, he voices an alternate timeline version in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?" (2021)

Max Mercury

Max Mercury is a fictional character from the DC Comics universe. He is a legendary speedster who has traveled through time studying the Speed Force. Born in the 19th Century, he has taken different identities throughout history to fight crime. In his old age he becomes a mentor to other heroes, taking the reckless Impulse as his student. His other aliases have included Windrunner, Whip Whirlwind, Lightning and Quicksilver. In the Flashpoint Timeline, his real name is Maxwell Crandall. He has been a member of the All-Star Squadron, the Flash Family and the Freedom Fighters.

"Max Mercury" was created by Jack Cole and Chuck Mazoujian, first appearing in "National Comics" #5 (1940).

Max Mercury appears in the 2014 to 2023 television series "The Flash", portrayed by Trevor Carroll.

Johann Pirkner

Johann Pirkner (25 March 1946 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player in the position of striker. In Austria he played mainly for FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team. For Austria he played in the 1978. 1976 he was top scorer of the Bundesliga.
He played in Austria for Floridsdorfer AC, Admira and Austria Klagenfurt. From 1969 to 1971 Pirkner played for FC Schalke 04 in the German Bundesliga. He scored eight goals in 47 games. Because Pirkner was involved in the Bundesliga scandal he was banned by the German Football Association. The Austrian Football Association, which had banned Pirkner for two years, pardoned him 1973. 

When he came back to Austria he played for Alpine Donawitz. From 1974 till 1978n he was a member of the legendary Austria team around Herbert Prohaska, Robert and Josef Sara, Felix Gasselich, Karl Daxbacher and Hubert Baumgartner. The team won the Austrian championship in 1978 and made it to the final of the European Cup winner Cup. Together with Thomas Parits and Julio Cesar Morales, he formed the so-called 100-year storm. 

Although he played a major role for Austria Wien, he left in the summer of 1978. His last team as a professional footballer was First Vienna FC. 1980 he ended his career as professional footballer.
Pirkner played 20 matches and scored four goals for the Austrian national team. He made his debut on 21 September 1969 in a friendly match in a 1-1 draw against the Germany.

He was in the Austrian squad at the 1978 World Cup in Argentina. Wearing the number 19 jersey, he made two appearances against Spain (2:1) and Italy (0:1), when he came on as a substitute for Walter Schachner. The match versus Italy was his last in the team 


Xenocrates of Aphrodisias

Xenocrates () was an ancient Greek physician from Aphrodisias in Cilicia. He lived around the middle of the 1st century and was maybe the contemporary of Andromachus the Younger. Galen says that Xenocrates lived before himself. He was blamed by Galen for using disgusting cures like human brains, flesh, liver, ash from bone, urine, excrement, etc. One of Xenocrates' works on pharmacy was titled "On Useful Things from Living Beings" (). Xenocrates is quoted by Galen, Clement of Alexandria, Artemidorus, Pliny the Elder, Oribasius, Aëtius Amidenus, and Alexander of Tralles. There is also a summary of Xenocrates' work on sea creatures () preserved by Oribasius.

Oyster, Virginia

Oyster is a small unincorporated community on the Atlantic Coast of the Eastern Shore of the U.S. state of Virginia in Northampton County. It is 3 feet (1 meter) above sea level.

The climate in this area is has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Oyster has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.



Timurid architecture

Timurid architecture was an important period of the history of Iran and Central Asia during the late 14th and 15th centuries. The Timurid Empire which conquered most of Central Asia built many palaces, mausoleums, and temples around the region. The style is made to look distinct by how big the architecture is, the luxurious decoration in the tilework, and the geometry. This style, along with other styles of Timurid art, spread over the empire and it inspired many styles of architecture for other empires in the Middle East and Indian subcontinent.

Bacon Hill, Virginia

Bacon Hill is an unincorporated community in Northampton County, Virginia, United States.

Dublin Airport

Dublin Airport is the international airport in Dublin, Ireland. It is the biggest airport in Ireland.

La Compagnie

La Compagnie is a French airline based at Orly Airport in Paris. The airlines' aircraft have only business class seats.

La Compagnie was founded as DreamJet in 2013. By the time the airline operated its first scheduled flight on 21 July 2014, it had been renamed as La Compagnie.

Grave with the little hands

The monument Van Gorkum-Van Aefferden, more well known as the "grave with the little hands" is a monumental Tombstone in the Dutch city of Roermond.

The cemetery that holds the monument was originally a Jewish cemetery but in the late 18th century, the owners of the cemetery allowed Dutch people of other religions to be buried there. In 1858, the artist Pierre Cuypers redesigned the cemetery making different sections for people of different faiths or sects. 

The tomb was created for a Catholic woman and a Protestant man who were Jacobus Warnerus Constantinus van Gorkum (Van Gorkum) and Josephina Carlina Petronella Hubertina van Aefferden. Both were married to each other besides their differences in religion, social class, and age. This caused a huge ruckus over their love and marriage which was condemned by many. After Gorkum's death, he was buried in the Protestant section of the cemetry. His widow wanted to be buried next to her husband but she could not be buried next to his husband due to the religious differences. The solution to the problem was to create a double grave on both sides of the wall with two hands connecting the graves.

The grave monument contains two identical tombstones on both sides of the wall. Both tombs are placed on a limestone base, and are made of sandstone. Both are also crowned with the coat of arms of the Van Gorkum family on one side and a alliance coat of arms on the other side. On the back of the tombstone, hands are depicted of a man and woman trying to reach other besides their religious differences.

Both graves are locked off from being entered using iron bars to prevent trespassers from entering.

The double grave was added to National Monument Register in May of 2002 as it was seen to have held cultural value due to both of them wanting to be connected despite their religious and cultural differences. The monument was added because of its unique design choices, its unique choice of materials, and finally its ornamentation.

Fort Wayne Komets

The Fort Wayne Komets are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1993. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Fort Wayne, Indiana at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Bakersfield Condors of the American Hockey League (AHL). The Komets have also formerly played in the Central Hockey League (CHL), International Hockey League (IHL) (1945—2001), and the International Hockey League (IHL) (2007—2010).

In the ECHL, the team originally played in Flint, Michigan as the Flint Spirits from 1985 to 1990. Steve Franke would purchase the team in July 1990 and the ECHL Board of Directors would approve a move from Flint to Fort Wayne, Indiana to become the Fort Wayne Komets. 

The team would be successful during the 2020–21 season. They finished fourth in the Western Conference with 29 wins, 21 losses, and 63 points. The Komets would be able to make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the South Carolina Stingrays three games to one.

On July 27, 2022, the Komets and the Edmonton Oilers announced their affiliation. In the ECHL, the Komets were previously affiliates with the Colorado Avalanche, Phoenix Coyotes, and the Vegas Golden Knights.

Women Democratic Front

Women Democratic Front (WFD) is a Pakistani independent, socialist and feminist organization. The organisation was officially founded on 8 March 2018 at Islamabad, Pakistan. Its foundation was set by hundreds of individuals, who speaks or acts on behalf of an organization from Sindh, Balochistan, Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa on March 8, 2018.

The aim of WDF is to unite the women of the Pakistan. They want such unity to create a collective feminist movement that will bring real features of the International Women's Day celebrations to the country's society. For that, They think a change should happen in the society.

Women Democratic Front (WDF) was officially started on 8 March 2018 on the International Women's Day. It's foundation was done by different people that came from all around Pakistan. The group then did a march through various cities of Pakistan and named it 'Aurat Azadi March' (Urdu: عورت آزادی مارچ) which means 'Women's Freedom March'. In 2019, The group did another March on International Women's Day in alliance with various other groups in Pakistan such as Women Action Forum, The Transgender community in Pakistan, Sindhi Aurat Tanzeem, etc. Some celebrities, political workers and medical workers also joined the March. The March got a positive "(good)" response from Feminists around the world while the right wing in Pakistan judged it as 'Un-Islamic'.
Their ideology is described as socialist-feminism and is seen as an ongoing women's political struggle against violence (particularly domestic violence), discrimination and patriarchal oppression, pillars of capitalism, imperialism, feudalism and religious extremism (such as Honor killing).
The Women Democratic Front is a organization with a presence of four national units across Pakistan. The 4 units are located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Punjab/Islamabad, and Baluchistan. WDF also has a federal unit. The group aims to grow its reach to include the disputed territories of Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir, organizing women in those areas. WDF runs through two main structures: the Congress for political and ideological decision-making, and the Council, which oversees day-to-day affairs. These structures operate at district, federal, and provincial/national levels, making sure that there is effective governance and representation within the organization.








Jalila Haider

Jalila Haider (Urdu: جلیلہ حیدر) is a Pakistani human rights lawyer and activist from Quetta in Balochistan. She holds the record of being the first female lawyer from Quetta's Hazara minority, which is an ethnic minority group in Balochistan. She is a strong person who publicly supports or recommends a particular cause or policy for the rights of her community. Haider was born on 10 December 1988 in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan. She has a masters degree in International relations which she received from University of Balochistan. Jalila is associated with the Awami Workers Party (AWP) and leads the Women Democratic Front (WDF) in Balochistan. Jalila has also established a non-profit organization called "We the Humans – Pakistan," which focuses on making local communities stronger in Balochistan, specially the poor women and children.

Haider has been a vocal supporter against the disappearance and killing of Baloch political activists. She has taken a important role in leading collective action by people in favor of a cause and hunger strikes to raise awareness about the challenges faced by the Baloch community. In April 2018 after 9 people of Hazara community were killed, she went on a 4 day hunger strike demanding the Chief of Pakistani Army to visit and take necessary steps to control the rising murders in the community. Jalila Haider used to led campaigns against the genocide of the Hazara community. Her efforts included raising awareness by participating in protests and speaking out against the cruel acts faced by the Hazara and Pashtun people. She believes that their pain is the same as they are all jointly demanding the guarantee of their right to life in the Constitution of Pakistan.
In 2014, she was selected as an Atlantic Council Emerging Leaders of Pakistan Fellow. .

In 2015, Haider was selected as one of 'News Women Power 50' list of Pakistan's most influential and powerful women. She was also a 2016 Swedish Institute Young Connectors of the Future Fellow.

In 2019, Haider was named in BBC's 100 Women, which is a list of influential women from around the world compiled by BBC.

In 2020, she received Hum TV Women Leaders Award. The same year in March 2020, She was honoured with International Women of Courage award by the United States Department of State.

In 2023, Haider won the Justitia Award. By winning it, she became the second Pakistan woman to win the award after Nida Usman won it in 2021.

Simurgh

The Simurgh (; Persian: سیمرغ) is a Kind bird in Persian mythology. People sometimes compare it to other mythic birds like the Phoenix and the Huma, but it's important to know that the Simurgh is its own unique mythical creature. This creature appears in various periods of Iranian art and literature and is also seen in the art of Georgia, Pakistan, medieval Armenia, the Eastern Roman Empire, and other areas influenced by Persian culture.

The Persian word "sīmurğ" (سیمرغ) comes from Middle Persian ""sēnmurw"". The Middle Persian term originates from Avestan "mərəγō Saēnō". The word was later adopted into Armenian as "siramarg" (սիրամարգ), meaning 'peacock'.

On a different note, the expression "sī murğ" (سی مرغ) in Persian translates to "thirty birds." This phrase has been used by the Sufi poet Attar of Nishapur in his symbolic story titled "The Conference of the Birds," where the name is playfully incorporated into the frame story.

The Simurgh, a mythical creature, is shown in Iranian art as a large bird with huge wings that can an elephant or whale. It is often depicted as a peacock with a dog's head and lion's claws, and sometimes with a human face. The Simurgh is known for its Kindness and is distinctly female. It is part mammal, nursing its young, and has teeth. The creature dislikes snakes and lives in places with abundant water. Its feathers are said to have a copper color, and although initially described as a dog-bird, later representations show it with either a human or dog head.

The first part of the name, "Si-," is sometimes connected to the Persian word for "thirty" (si). Despite this, the origin of the name is not historically related to the number thirty, yet legends incorporate this number, such as describing the Simurgh as large as thirty birds or having thirty colors. Other suggested origins include Pahlavi "sin murgh" ("eagle bird") and Avestan "saeno merego" ("eagle").

In Iranian legends, the Simurgh is considered ancient, having witnessed the world's destruction three times. It is believed to have knowledge from all ages. One legend tells of the Simurgh living for 1,700 years before self-immolating, similar to the phoenix. The Simurgh is associated with purifying the land and waters, symbolizing the union of Earth and sky, acting as a messenger between them. It nests in Gaokerena, the Hōm Tree of Life, spreading seeds that become various plants, bringing healing to mankind.

The relationship between the Simurgh and Hōm is close, both represented as birds and messengers of purity with healing abilities. Hōm, associated with divine glory, symbolizes a king's authority, while the Simurgh rests on the heads of kings and clerics as a sign of divine acceptance on Earth.

The Simurgh is prominently featured in Ferdowsi's Shahnameh, where it cares for Prince Zal, born albino, and imparts wisdom. Zal later calls upon the Simurgh to save his wife, Rudaba, during a difficult childbirth, showcasing the creature's kindness and important role in Persian mythology. Additionally, the Simurgh appears in the story of Esfandiyar's Seven Trials, where it engages in a battle with Esfandiyar. Despite the Simurgh's powers, it is eventually defeated.

In Persian literature, the simurgh is often mentioned as a symbol for God in Sufi mysticism. In the 12th-century Conference of the Birds, poet Farid ud-Din Attar tells a story of birds searching for the simurgh. These birds, each representing a human fault, seek the simurgh as their king. Guided by the wise hoopoe, they reach the simurgh's dwelling place, only to find a lake reflecting themselves. This story plays on the Persian pun for "thirty birds" (si morgh).

Rumi, another Persian poet, also mentions the simurgh in his Masnavi, connecting it to Mount Qaf. The simurgh's concept spread to the Arabic-speaking world, merging with other mythical birds like the ghoghnus and evolving into the rukh, which influenced the English word "roc". Early Umayyad art and coinage embraced representations of the simurgh due to cultural assimilation.

Gasterosteus

Gasterosteus is a genus of ray-finned fishes belonging to the family Gasterosteidae in the suborder Gasterosteoidei. These fishes are found in freshwater, brackish water and marine habitats in the Holarctic region.






Indy Fuel

The Indy Fuel are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2014. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Indianapolis, Indiana at Indiana Farmers Coliseum. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On November 11, 2013, the new ECHL team was approved by the ECHL and would be owned by Jim & Sean Hallett and Jerry Williams. The team's name would be revealed as the Indy Fuel. This was a reference to the history of racecar driving in Indianapolis. It was also revealed that the team would play in the then-recently renovated Indiana Farmers Coliseum. 

On October 17, 2014, the team would play their first game as the Indy Fuel. They would be defeated by the Fort Wayne Komets 5–4 in a shootout.

On April 1, 2014, the Fuel and the Chicago Blackhawks announced their affiliation.

Three-spined stickleback

The three-spined stickleback ("Gasterosteus aculeatus") is a species of stickleback in the genus "Gasterosteus". It is found in most inland and coastal waters north of 30°N. It has been a subject of scientific study for many reasons.

In its different forms or stages of life, the three-spined stickleback can be a bottom-feeder or a planktonic feeder in lakes or in the ocean. It is also able to eat terrestrial prey fallen to the surface.

The body is laterally compressed. The tail's base is slender. It has three spines that give the fish its name (though some individuals may have only two or four). Dorsal coloration tends towards a drab olive or a silvery green, sometimes with brown mottling.

The pectoral fins are large, with 10 rays. The dorsal fin has 10–14 rays. All spines can be locked in an erect position. The body doesn't have scales, but is protected by bony plates on the back, flanks, and belly. They have silvery bellies and flanks.

The three-spined stickleback is found in the Northern Hemisphere, where it usually inhabits coastal waters or freshwater bodies.

It can also be found in North America, in which it ranges along the East Coast from Chesapeake Bay to the southern half of Baffin Island and the western shore of Hudson Bay, and along the West Coast from southern California to the western shore of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands.


These subspecies actually represent three examples from the enormous range of morphological variation present within three-spined sticklebacks.

Sexual maturation depends on environmental temperature and photo-period. Longer days and warmer days stimulate brighter colouration in males and the development of eggs in females.

From late April, the males and females move from deeper waters to shallow areas. There, each male defends a territory where he builds a nest on the bottom. He starts by digging a small pit. He then fills it with filamentous algae, sand, and various debris which he glues together with spiggin, a proteinaceous substance secreted from the kidneys. He then creates a tunnel through the more or less spherical nest by swimming through it. 

Three-spined stickleback research has been central to the field of eco-evolutionary dynamics.

Many researchers have used mesocosm experiments to test how the adaptive radiation of stickleback ecotypes and stickleback-parasite interactions can impact ecological processes.


Iowa Heartlanders

The Iowa Heartlanders are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2014. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Coralville, Iowa at the Xtream Arena powered by Mediacom. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Iowa Wild of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On January 12, 2021, the new ECHL expansion team was approved by the ECHL Board of Directors and would be owned by Dean MacDonald (also the owner of Newfoundland Growlers). On May 20, 2021, the team name would be revealed as the Iowa Heartlanders and their logo of a white-tailed deer. 

On October 22, 2021, the team would play their first game as the Iowa Heartlanders. They would defeat the Kansas City Mavericks 7–4.

On June 17, the Heartlanders and the Minnesota Wild announced their affiliation.

Bermuda Triangle (song)

"Bermuda Triangle" is a 1980 song by Barry Manilow. It was taken from his seventh studio album "Barry" and went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in Ireland and number 16 in Germany. The song expresses fear of the Bermuda Triangle.

Kalamazoo Wings

The Kalamazoo Wings are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1999. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Kalamazoo, Michigan at the Wings Event Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Abbotsford Canucks of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Madison, Wisconsin as the Madison Kodiaks from 1999 to 2000. After suffering from low attendance, the Kodiaks would relocate after only one season. They would move from Madison to Kalamazoo, Michigan. The team would reveal their name as the Kalamazoo Wings. This was to honor a former ice hockey team called Kalamazoo Wings that played in the International Hockey League from 1974 until 2000. 

On October 14, 2000, the team would play their first game as the Kalamazoo Wings. They would defeat the Flint Generals 2–1.

On July 10, 2023, the Wings and the Vancouver Canucks announced their affiliation. The Wings were formerly affiliates of the Philadelphia Flyers, San Jose Sharks, New York Islanders, St. Louis Blues, Columbus Blue Jackets, and the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Heanor Town F.C.

Heanor Town are a football club from Heanor, England.

Domino theory

The domino theory is an idea that says if one country becomes more or less democratic, it can affect nearby countries like a chain reaction. This theory was important in the United States from the 1950s to the 1980s during the Cold War. It suggested that if a country in a region turned communist, then the countries around it would also become communist. The U.S. used this theory to justify getting involved in different parts of the world. President Eisenhower talked about it in 1954, comparing it to knocking over a row of dominoes. He believed that if one country fell to communism, others nearby would quickly follow. This belief in the domino theory influenced U.S. decisions in Asia during the Cold War, making them more focused on stopping communism to prevent a chain reaction of countries becoming communist.

Rufous-bellied thrush

The rufous-bellied thrush (Turdus rufiventris) is a songbird of the thrush family. It is found all over eastern South America. The bird is named after the color of its underparts. It is a common species of thrush within Brazil. It is the state bird of São Paulo, and is the national bird of Brazil since 2002. 

The New Arab

The New Arab () is a website and daily newspaper owned by Fadaat Media Company, headquartered in London. The website is published in Arabic as "Al-Arabi Al-Jadeed" and ‌English as "The New Arab". They have several offices in Arab capitals and a network of correspondents.

In October 2015, the Palestinian Authority decided to completely and permanently close the Al-Araby Al-Jadeed newspaper office in the city of Ramallah in the West Bank. There were still journalists from The New Arab working in the Gaza Strip as it is controlled by Hamas as of 2023.

In May 2017, the newspaper began printing in Turkey, making Turkey the fourth international location in which “Al-Araby Al-Jadeed” was printed, after London, Doha, and Beirut. In January 2018, the paper local version was of the paper was discontinued in Lebanon. 

Old Dan's Records

Old Dan's Records is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's eighth studio album. It was released in 1972 on the Reprise Records label. The album reached #1 in Canada on the RPM national album chart on November 5, 1972, and remained there for three weeks. In the U.S., it peaked at #95 on the pop chart.

The album presents a continued change in Lightfoot's sound as he begins to add country influences to his standard folk sound. He used banjo, dobro and steel guitar. Lightfoot continued to use these country influences in his music until the early 1980s.

Despite its 1972 year of its first release, the album was nominated for 1974 Juno Award for "Folk Album of the Year" and it won that award. Lightfoot also won a Juno that year as "Folk Singer of the Year".

All compositions by Gordon Lightfoot.



"Special thanks to Bill Richards and Guido Basso and members of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra"

Æ

Æ is a Letter in the Latin alphabet used in some Germanic Languges.

It makes a short A sound, as in Archæology.

A Crash Course in Roses

A Crash Course in Roses is Catie Curtis' fifth album. It was released on August 3, 1999.

The album includes many songs about love, with "Magnolia Street," a song about understanding that one is in love. This song was got played on the radio for a short period. Although the album didn't get on the Billboard Music Charts, it was her most successful at that time.

In addition to the love songs that fill up most of the album, A Crash Course in Roses also has two other songs: "What's the Matter," a complaint about her hometown of Saco, Maine for rejecting her when she came out as a lesbian, and "Roses," the story of a soldier who joined World War I.

Several other singer-songwriters like Mary Chapin Carpenter and Melissa Ferrick also helped on the album.

Source: Official site, Last.fm

Gulkana Airport

Gulkana Airport is an airport in Gulkana, Alaska. It is owned by the state of Alaska.

Polypedates cruciger

The Sri Lanka whipping frog or common hour-glass tree frog ("Polypedates cruciger") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen them as high as 1600 meters above sea level.

This frog can live in many different places, including forests that are growing back, banana farms, gardens, and buildings. Scientists have not seen them in forests that have never been cut.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

Scientists used to think this was the same species as "Polypedates pseudocruciger", which lives in India's Western Ghat mountains.

Jonah Hex

Jonah Woodson Hex is a Western comic book antihero created by the late writer John Albano, and the late artist Tony DeZuniga and published by DC Comics. Hex is a surly and cynical bounty hunter whose face is horribly scarred on the right side. Despite his poor reputation and personality, Hex is bound by a personal code of honor to protect and avenge the innocent.

His marksmanship is nearly superhuman and he is likely the best marksman ever shown in DC comics long history. In his movie he had the ability to talk to the dead while touching their corpse but they are in extreme pain and desire for him to allow them to return to the afterlife.

The character was portrayed by Josh Brolin in a self-titled movie, Jim Cummings in the Jonah Hex Motion Comic and Johnathon Schaech in "Legends of Tomorrow" as well as voiced by Thomas Jane in "DC Showcase: Jonah Hex".

Metal Blade Records

Metal Blade Records is an American independent record label founded in 1982.



Theodor Billroth

Christian Albert Theodor Billroth (26 April 18296 February 1894) was an Austrian surgeon. He was considered the father of abdominal surgery. In 1872, He was the first to remove a portion of the esophagus and rejoin the remaining parts together. In the following year, he was the first to successfully cut out a larynx through surgery. In 1881, he was known to successfully performed an intestinal surgery which involved cutting out a cancerous pylorus.

Billroth was considered a pioneer about the study of bacterial causes of wound fever and was able to develop antiseptic techniques to remove fatal infections. As a medical researcher, he was credited for a total of 156 publications.

Besides being a surgeon, he was also a skilled musician and a prolific composer. Unfortunately, most of his compositions didn't survive.

Billroth was said to be a lifelong friend of Johannes Brahms.

Václav Daněk

Václav Daněk (22 December 1960 in Ostrava) is a former Czech football forward and football coach.
Daněk started his career in 1979 at Baník Ostrava. From 1983 to 1985 the striker played for Dukla Prague. Then he returned to Ostrava. In 1986/87 he was the leagues top scorer with 24 goals.

In 1989 he moved to FC Swarovski Tirol in the Austrian league. In 1990/91 he was top scorer there with 29 goals. Daněk moved to Le Havre AC. After one season he returned to Innsbruck. There he was again top scorer with 24 goals in 1992/93. In 1995 the Danek ended his professional career. He moved to SC Retz in the Lower Austrian regional league, where he played until 1999. He only came to the small town near the Czech border for training during the week and traveled to the games on the weekend.

He played in differnt youth teams. He also played for the Olympic team. For the Czechoslovak national team, Daněk played 22 games in which he scored nine goals.
Daněk began his coaching career in the 1998/99 season as an assistant at FC Karviná. In 1999-00 he held this position at Baník Ostrava. The following season he took over the Baník junior team. From 2001 to 2003 he coached the B team in the third Czech league. In the first half of the 2003-04 season he was a coach at 1. FK Drnovice. In the second half of the season he moved to league rivals FC Vítkovice. At the end of 2004, Daněk moved to the Slovakian club Dukla Banská Bystrica. There he won the 2004/05 Slovak Cup.

At the end of 2005 he returned to FC Vítkovice, which was in danger of relegation, and was able to stay in class with the team. After the first half of the 2006/07 season he was released due to a lack of success. From July 2007 to September 2008, Daněk coached the then second division club Fotbal Fulnek. 2010-11 Daněk took over as coach of the second division club FC Hlučín.

!!

‼ (a double exclamation mark, Unicode character U+203C) may refer to:



Ealing, New Zealand

Ealing is a lightly populated settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is south of Hinds and is just of State Highway 1. It is near the Rangitata River and near two primary schools in Hinds and in Carew.

 

Sefton, New Zealand

Sefton is a small township in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand. It is situated 11 kilometers northeast of Rangiora and 14 kilometers south of Amberley. It has a primary school that opened in 1884. 

Ōakura, Northland

Ōakura is a small coastal settlement in the Whangarei District, New Zealand. It is situated 48 kilometers northerneast of Whangārei on State Highway 1. Its nearby school is in Whangaruru.

Martin Buber

Martin Buber (; ; ; February 8, 1878 – June 13, 1965) was an Austrian philosopher, well-known for "Philosophy of dialogue", a form of existentialism on the distinction between the "I and Thou" and the "I-It" relationship.

He was born in Vienna to a Jewish family but later abandoned Jewish customs to pursue secular studies in philosophy. In 1902, he owned the daily newspaper "Die Welt" - the central organ of the Zionist movement, although he later withdrew from Zionist organizing activities. In 1923, he wrote "Ich und Du" ("I and Thou"), and in 1925 began translating Hebrew Bible into German.

He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature ten times and the Nobel Peace Prize seven times.

Bundela

The Bundela is a Rajput clan. Over several generations, the cadet lineages of Bundela Rajputs founded several states in area what came to be known as Bundelkhand anciently known as Chedi Kingdom from the 16th century.

John Tesh

John Frank Tesh Jr. was born on July 9, 1952, in Garden City, Long Island, New York, USA. He is an American musician, composer, radio host, and television presenter. Tesh's career has spanned various forms of media and entertainment. He has achieved success in the industry.


Tesh plays keyboards, the trumpet, and sings. He has composed notable theme music, including compositions for the TV series "Bobby's World" and the NBA on NBC theme, known as "Roundball Rock."

John Tesh is married to actress Connie Sellecca, and his radio show, the John Tesh Radio Show, was inspired by her interest in self-improvement. The show has gained a large following, with 14 million listeners a week.

Tesh's legacy includes his radio show, his contributions to music composition, and his impact on the entertainment industry. He has found fulfillment with his upbeat-talk radio show and has created an emotional connection with his audience through successful endeavors such as the public TV special "John Tesh Big Band Live."

Grand Slang

Grand Slang is a calligraphic sans serif typeface made by a German graphic designer named Nikolas Wrobel. It was published in September 1, 2019 from his type foundry, "Nikolas Type".

The idea for the design of Grand Slang (IPA /ɡɹˈænd slˈæŋ/) came from 20th century American calligraphy and the work of American calligraphers Oscar Ogg and William Addison Dwiggins. It also took inspiration from signs in American movies from the 1940s and 1950s.

Grand Slang is both strong and adaptable, blending various styles such as traditional and contemporary handwriting, alongside basic shapes. It includes over 310 glyphs, covering capital and small letters, numbers, punctuation marks, accents, ligatures, diacritics and symbols.

The title "Grand Slang" comes from the English words "grand" and "slang". The word "grand" is used in US and UK slang to mean a thousand dollars or a thousand pounds.

The typeface is available online for download in OTF and WOFF file formats. It is useful for graphic design, web design, applications and e-books.

Grand Slang can be used to write in many European languages that use the Latin alphabet. It is a proprietary software (or closed source software), so one can use it by accepting the terms of the software license.



Buraq

The Buraq (Arabic: الْبُرَاق), which means "the lightning" in Arabic, is a horse-like creature in Islamic stories. It's said to have been the mount of the Islamic prophet Muhammad during his journey from Mecca to Jerusalem and through the heavens and back at night. According to traditions, the Buraq also carried other prophets like Abraham over long distances in a very short time.

The Encyclopaedia of Islam, based on Al-Damiri's writings, suggests that "al-burāq" comes from the Arabic word "barq," which means "lightning" or has other related meanings like "flash" or "shine." According to the Encyclopædia Iranica, "Boraq" comes from the Middle Persian words "*barāg or *bārag," which mean "a riding beast or mount".

Islamic tradition tells that the Night Journey happened ten years after Muhammad became a prophet, around the 7th century. Muhammad was in Mecca when Gabriel came to him with the Buraq, a magical creature. The Buraq carried Muhammad from Al-Haram Mosque in Mecca to Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.

In Jerusalem, Muhammad prayed at the Temple site and then rode the Buraq up through seven heavens. Along the way, he met several prophets like Adam, Jesus, Joseph, Enoch, Aaron, Moses, and Abraham. He spoke with God who gave him important instructions, including the command for Muslims to pray fifty times a day. After Moses suggested reducing the prayers, Muhammad went back to God several times until the number was reduced to five.

According to Ibn Ishaq, the Buraq also carried Abraham when he visited Hagar and Ishmael. It's said that Abraham lived in Canaan with Sarah, but the Buraq would take him to Mecca to see his family and back home in the evening.

Although the Hadith don't specifically say the Buraq has a human face, art from the Near East and Persia usually shows it that way. This idea even spread to Indo-Pak subcontinent and Southeast Asia. It might come from seeing the creature described as having a "beautiful face" and thinking it's human instead of an animal.

In Sahih al-Bukhari, there's a description of the Buraq:
In another part, the Buraq is described like this:

In earlier descriptions, people couldn't agree if the Buraq was male or female. Most thought it was male, but some writings have Gabriel calling it a female. Some artists even painted it with a woman's head. There's also an idea that "al-Buraq" just means a special mare, mentioned in books like The Dome of the Rock and Palestine in Picture and Word.

Basia

Barbara Stanislowa Trzetrzelewska (or "Basia", prounounced as "baa-SHUH"; DOB September 30 in Jaworzno, Poland) is a Polish samba music, pop and bossa nova singer-songwriter and recording artist. She began her singing career with several Polish music bands in the late 1960s through the 1970s. She moved to the United Kingdom in 1980 or 1981.

Basia became famous as a member of the British music trio Matt Bianco. She and her bandmate Danny White left the group in or before 1986 so she could focus on her solo music career. Her well-known songs include the 1990 song "Baby You're Mine", her cover of Aretha Franklin's "Until You Come Back to Me" and "Time and Tide". 

Basia went on a break because of some personal tragedies. She returned in the late 2000s to continue her career. She now releases her music with independent record labels.

Some sources mention 1954 as her birthday. Others say her birth year was between 1956 to 1959.

Terra Australis

Terra Australis (Latin: Southern land) was a hypothetical continent from the 15th century to the 18th century. The name was eventually given to Australia, while the 7th polar continent discovered was given the name of Antarctica. The idea was that the northern hemisphere needed a 'counterbalance'. 

Augusta Bender

Augusta Bender (born March 20, 1846 - September 16, 1924) was a German educator, poet, and author. She also supported women's rights.

Bender was born in the village of Oberschefflenz, Germany, to a poor farming family. She was the youngest of six siblings. Although she felt out of place in school, her mother encouraged her love for learning.

Later, Bender chose not to marry and supported herself, which was unusual for women in her time. She was also a vegetarian and a supporter for animal rights.

At 16, Bender left her village to pursue education. Despite facing rejection when she tried to publish her poetry at 17, she continued to pursue her passion for writing. After trying acting briefly, she settled in Mosbach to study education with a local family's support. She later became a private tutor after completing her training in 1886.

Moving to Heidelberg, Bender worked as a teacher and tour guide for foreigners. Though she planned to move to the United States in 1871, illness prevented her. However, she remained active in speaking about women's rights in cities like Karlsruhe, Stuttgart, and Mannheim. She played a significant role in advancing the feminist cause.

In 1891, Bender worked for a short time as an instructor at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts. She later returned to Germany, retiring to focus on writing.

Bender also made research on German folk songs and wrote various literary works, including nursery rhymes, proverbs, poems, and novels.

Bender passed away on September 16, 1924, at a retirement home in Mosbach.


María Fernanda Ampuero

María Fernanda Ampuero (born April 14, 1976, in Guayaquil) is an Ecuadorian writer and journalist. She supported feminism.

Ampuero went to Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil. She studied with writers like Solange Rodríguez and Luis Carlos Mussó. In 2004, she traveled to Spain to write about Ecuadorian migrants but stayed there. For ten years, she wrote about migrant life and economic struggles in magazines across Latin America and Europe. Some of these were put into her first two non-fiction books: "Lo que aprendí en la peluquería" (2011) and "Permiso de residencia" (2013).

In 2012, she was named one of the 100 most influential Latin-Americans in Spain and got an award for best chronicle from the Organización Internacional de las Migraciones.

Her first short story collection, "Pelea de gallos" (Cockfight), was published in 2018. It was praised by critics and listed as one of the top 10 books of 2018 by the Spanish edition of The New York Times. It also won the Joaquín Gallegos Lara National Fiction Prize. It explores themes like violence, sexism, and social inequality in Latin America from women's perspectives. The book was translated into English as "Cockfight" by Frances Riddle and published by The Feminist Press in 2020.

María Fernanda Ampuero's published works include:


Polypedates colletti

Collett's whipping frog, Collett's tree frog, or the black-spotted tree frog ("Polypedates colletti") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, and some islands in the South China Sea. People have seen them as high as 600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in evergreen forests where the ground is flat.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed. This frog does have some threats: Human being cutting down the forests, mostly to make palm oil farms.

Marcelina Almeida

Marcelina Almeida (around 1830–1880) was a writer from Uruguay. She lived in Montevideo since she was young. Almeida used the names 'Abel' and 'Reine mi bella acclamada' (an anagram of her full name) for her writings. Her book, "Por una fortuna una cruz", is known as the first Uruguayan feminist novel.

Marcelina Almeida, also known as Marcelina Almeida Abel, was born around 1830 in Argentina. Her exact birth and death dates are unknown. In a poem, Francisco Acuña de Figueroa described her as a Uruguayan by adoption, born in Argentina.

Almeida's romantic novel "Por una fortuna una cruz" was published in Montevideo in 1860. It talks about "the forced marriage of a fifteen-year-old girl with a twenty-five-year-old man". The book started a big debate in Montevideo's newspapers. People discussed the book's quality and the fact that a woman questioned marriage. Almeida faced personal attacks, many under fake names. Virginia Cánova, a researcher, explained that Almeida supported liberal feminism, talking about women's lack of rights and how they were always seen as minors under men's protection. She criticized forced marriages, where the father decides for the daughter.

In 1991, Cánova found a copy of the novel in the National Library of Uruguay, reviving works missing from Uruguayan literary history. This allowed a limited reissue of the book, along with a study about "The origins of feminism in Uruguay." The study shows that feminism began in the early 19th century and not in the early 20th century, as previously thought. Female writers like Almeida, not María Eugenia Vaz Ferreira and Delmira Agustini, were the pioneers. 8

Almeida also wrote poems, a short story, and articles between 1860-61 for the "Semanario Uruguayo" and poems for the literary magazine "La Aurora de Montevideo" between 1862 and 1863.

Almeida died around 1880.

Selva Almada

Selva Almada, born on April 5, 1973, is an Argentine writer. She is known for poetry, short stories, and novels. In 2014, she started to write nonfiction with the book "Chicas muertas".

Almada studied Social Communication in Paraná, but later changed it to Literature at Paraná's Institute of Higher Education. Her early works started during a workshop by Maria Elena Lotringer at the School of Communication.

Her first stories were published in the Paraná weekly "Análisis". In 1997-1998, she had a short-lived self-managed cultural literary project named CAelum Blue.

Almada developed her storytelling skills in Buenos Aires with the help of Alberto Laiseca's literary workshop. Famous literary figures like Chilean writer Diego Zúñiga and journalist Beatriz Sarlo have talked about her talent. Her stories have been included in anthologies by publishers like Norma, Mondadori, and Ediciones del Dock.

She also has various literary workshops. From March to July 2017, she led the "Taller de relato autobiográfico Mirarse el ombligo" (Navel Gazing Autobiographical Story Workshop) at Escuela Entrepalabras.




Nobody's Perfect (Jessie J song)

"Nobody's Perfect" is a single by English singer/songwriter Jessie J. It was released as the third single from her debut album "Who You Are" on 27th May 2011, but was serviced to UK radio prior to this on 20th April 2011. It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Australia, number 14 in Ireland and number 10 in New Zealand and Hungary.


Rhodopsin

Rhodopsin is a light-sensitive pigment in the rod cells of the retina in humans and other vertebrates.

Hadith rejectors

Hadith rejectors are Muslims who reject the authority of the hadiths. They believe a great number of the so-called sound hadiths are no longer defensible in modern discussions, that hadiths contradict the Qur'an, while others are illogical or unacceptable in that they are offensive to Islam and quite degrading to Muhammad. Hadith rejectors are distinguished from "Hadith advocates", such as Sunnis and Shias who believe in hadiths. Critiques of the rejectors of Hadith have existed both in the contemporary Islamic world and the greater modern-secular world. Groups that have rejected the Hadiths include "Ahl al-Kalām", "Mu'tazilites", some sects of the Kharijites, modernist Muslims, and Quranists. 

Historically, "Ahl al-Kalām", who have been described as the forerunners of the "Mu'tazilites", rejected the authority of the hadith on the grounds that its corpus was "filled with contradictory, blasphemous, and absurd" reports, and that in jurisprudence, even the smallest doubt about a source was too much. Thus, they believed, the true legacy of the Islamic prophet Muhammad was to be found elsewhere, i.e. in the Sunnah, which is separate from the hadith. Similarly, some sects of the Kharijites also rejected the hadith; there were some who opposed even the writing down of the Hadith itself for fear that it would compete, or even replace the Qur'an. Like Ahl al-Kalām, Mu'tazilites also rejected the hadiths as the basis for Islamic law, while at the same time accepting the Sunnah and Ijma. For Mu'tazilites, the basic argument for rejecting the hadiths was that "since its essence is transmission by individuals, [it] cannot be a sure avenue of our knowledge about the Prophetic teaching unlike the Qur'an about whose transmission there is a universal unanimity among Muslims".

Hadith rejectors include Quranists, who view the hadiths as un-Qur'anic; they believe that obedience to the Islamic prophet Muhammad means obedience to the Qur'an; some further claim that most hadiths are fabrications (pseudepigrapha) created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to Muhammad. Similar to Quranists, modernist Muslims also believe that the problems in the Islamic world come partly from the traditional elements of the hadith and seek to reject those teachings.

Catharina Ahlgren

Catharina Ahlgren (1734–c. 1800) was a Swedish proto-feminist poet and publisher. She was one of the first known female journalists in Sweden.

She published and edited various women's magazines in Stockholm and Finland between 1772 and 1783. In 1782, she published the first periodical in Finland, "Om konsten att rätt behaga" (The Art of Pleasing Rightly), which was also the first one by a woman. Ahlgren was influential in the Swedish female literary world during the 1750s and 1770s.

Catharina Ahlgren was the daughter of Anders Ahlgren, governor of Östergötland, and Laurentia Juliana Liungenfeldt. She was also related to Johan Gustaf Halldin, chancellor of the Kungliga Biblioteket.

At one point, she served as a chamber lady in the court of Queen Louisa Ulrika but lost her position due to intrigue. Afterward, she managed a bookstore, translated works, and wrote literary pieces.

Ahlgren's first marriage was to Bengt Edvard Eckerman, a cavalry master. The marriage faced economic difficulties, and her youngest son was not recognized by her spouse. They divorced in 1770. She then married journeyman Anders Bark or Barck.

She moved to Finland with her second spouse around 1775 and later settled in Åbo. Her second marriage also ended in divorce. After her daughter Charlotte's death in 1790, she inherited part of her will and settled in Linköping with her daughter Julie in 1796.

Jonas Apelblad, an orientalist and writer, described her as a strong and talented woman who didn't have a peaceful life with her second spouse, similar to her first marriage.

In her literary career, Ahlgren was known as a translator and poet. She translated poetry and novels from English, French, and German languages. One of her notable translations was the German poem "Die Prüfung Abrahams" by Christoph Martin Wieland. She also debuted as a poet in 1764 with her French poem dedicated to Queen Louisa Ulrika on her birthday.

Catharina Ahlgren became known as a poet and translator in the literary world of the 1750s, even before she published anything formally. She was a close friend of the famous poet Hedvig Charlotta Nordenflycht, and their letters to each other are still kept. While Nordenflycht used the pen name "Herdinnan i Norden" (Shepherdess of the North), Catharina Ahlgren wrote under the name "Herdinnan i Ahl-Lunden" (Shepherdess of the Alder-Grove).

She translated poetry and novels from English, French, and German languages. Some of her translations included the German poem "Die Prüfung Abrahams" by Christoph Martin Wieland, and the English novel "The Distressed Wife, or the history of Eliza Wyndham."

Ahlgren's first poem was "Au jour de l'illustre naissance de sa majestee notre adourable Reine Le 24 Jullet" (On the day of the illustrious birth of our adorable Queen on July 24), dedicated to Queen Louisa Ulrika, on the queen's birthday in 1764.

During the time of freedom in Sweden, known as the "age of liberty," and the Gustavian era, many periodicals were published discussing important societal issues, with one notable example being the "Then Swänska Argus".

These periodicals often took the form of debates or correspondences between two unnamed individuals. Some of them also addressed the role of women in society and gender equality, with one of the earliest examples being "Samtal emellan Argi Skugga och en obekant Fruentimbers Skugga" by Margareta Momma in 1738-39. This anticipated the ideas of first-wave feminism in the English-speaking world. While many of these writings are thought to have been penned by women, they were mostly published under anonymous pseudonyms, making identification challenging. Margareta Momma, Anna Maria Rückerschöld, and Catharina Ahlgren are among the few whose authorship has been confirmed.

Jina

Jina [ jee-n"uh" ] is a female name and is a variation of Gina.

Stabbing Westward

Stabbing Westward is an American industrial rock band formed in 1985.


Jean Grey

Jean Elaine Grey-Summers, sometimes known as Marvel Girl and Phoenix, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics.

She is member of the X-Men and wife of Scott Summers - she is one of Charles Xavier's first students and thus often acts as a mentor to younger mutants on what it means to be a X-Man and all the responsibilities that come with being a hero.

The heart and soul of the X-Men from the very beginning, Jean Grey took a piece of every one of her teammates with her when she died. A formidable telepath with telekinetic skills as well, Jean always struggled to contain the cosmic power of the Phoenix Force, a battle she endured until the day she died.

She was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "X-Men #1" in September of 1963.

Often listed as one of the most notable and powerful female characters in Marvel Comics, the character has been featured in various other Marvel-licensed products, including video games, animated television series, and merchandise. Famke Janssen portrayed the character as an adult in the 20th Century Fox "X-Men" movies while Sophie Turner portrayed her as a teenager and young adult.

Governor-General of South Africa

The following is a list of people who served as governor-general of South Africa from independence in 1910 to the establishment of a republic in 1961. But before that it was called governor of Cape Colony

Herbert Gladstone 31 May 1910 – 8 September 1914 

Sydney Buxton 1914–1920

Prince Arthur of Connaught 20 November 1920 – 21 January 1924

Alexander Cambridge 21 January 1924 – 21 December 1930

George Villiers 26 January 1931 – 5 April 1937

Patrick Duncan 5 April 1937 – 17 July 1943

Gideon Brand van Zyl 1 January 1946 – 1 January 1951

Ernest George Jansen 1 January 1951 – 25 November 1959

Charles Robberts Swart 11 December 1959 – 30 April 1961

after that, it was called state president

Disney Junior (programming block)

Disney Junior (formerly known as Playhouse Disney) is a block of TV shows that is seen on the Disney Channel every weekday morning. It started playing on April 6, 1997. The shows in this block are made for preschoolers.

A separate Disney Junior The Channel started on March 23, 2012. It plays many of the same shows as the block. Both the block and the channel are still airing.
Colossus (character)

Colossus (real name Piotr Nikolaievitch Rasputin) (Пётр Николаевич Распутин), often going by the Americanized name Peter Rasputin, is a fictional character and superhero from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "X-Men" comics.

He is of Russian heritage and is the brother of the magic-based heroine Magik as well as the villainous Mikhael Rasputin. Despite his mutant abilities of superhuman strength and organic-steel skin, he is actually a kind and gentle figure, who's also is a talented artist.

He was created by the late Len Wein and the late Dave Cockrum, and first appeared in "Giant-Size X-Men #1" in May of 1975.

Since his debut in the comics, Colossus has appeared in numerous media over the years. In the "X-Men" movies, he was portrayed by Donald Mackinnon, Daniel Cudmore, and voiced by Stefan Kapičić.

Warren Worthington III

Warren Kenneth Worthington III (originally known as Angel and later as Archangel), is a fictional character and superhero from comic books published by Marvel Comics and its universe, and is a major character from the popular "X-Men" franchise.

He is a mutant named after his bird-like wings that are powerful enough to give him flight and he has a nature that is as kind and heroic as his namesake, ready to protect others from harm despite his rather difficult experiences in life. He was one of the earliest members of the X-Men, and later a member of the X-Force, X-Factor, Secret Defenders, and Renegades.

He was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "The X-Men #1" in September of 1963.

Matchbox (song)

"Matchbox" is a 1957 song by Carl Perkins and was released along with its A-side "Your True Love". It was produced and engineered by Sam Phillips and was covered by The Beatles in 1964 for the movie "A Hard Day's Night" and for the EP "Long Tall Sally". It went to number 17 in the United States and Canada.

Axel Lawarée

Axel Lawarée (9 October 1973 in Huy) is a former Belgian footballer. He played as striker.
Lawarée's professional career began in 1991 with Belgian club RFC Seraing. Then he played for Standard Liège. He came to Spain in 1997 . There he played one season at Sevilla FC. He then returned to Belgium and worked for Excelsior Mouscron.

In 2001 he moved to Austria. With Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz he became top scorer of the league. In February 2004 he moved to the Austrian record champions SK Rapid Wien. He celebrated the first championship title of his career in 2005. The derby against FK Austria Vienna in May 2005 caused an injury-related setback. Lawarée was seriously injured by a brutal foul during a counterattack by Austria goalkeeper Joey Didulica.

In the summer of 2006, Lawarée moved to FC Augsburg in the 2nd Bundesliga. During the summer break of 2007, Lawarée signed a two-year contract with the then regional league team Fortuna Düsseldorf. Through promotion to the 3rd league and the promotion to the 2nd Bundesliga in the summer of 2009 the contract was extended for another year.

In the 2010/11 season, Axel Lawarée played for TuS Bösinghoven. He then ended his career with the lower-class clubs RFC Hannutois and FC Richelle United in Belgium . He also runs a consulting firm, Lawarée Axel Consulting SPRL.

That's How We Do It

That's How We Do It is the only studio album by Trailer Choir. The album was released on March 16, 2018.

Kaikohe

Kaikohe is an inland town in the Far North District, New Zealand. It is situated 260 kilometers from Auckland and 85 kilometers from Whangārei. It has two state highways running through the town State Highway 12 and State Highway 15 running through the town. It has 6 schools including Northland College in the town and former prime minister David Lange was once a resident.

Anga Lipi

A historical writing system called Anga Lipi existed. The Buddhist scripture "Lalitvistar" mentions the Anga Lipi, stating that it was one of the 64 scripts that Lord Buddha was aware of.

An old Sanskrit Buddhist text called the "Lalitvistar" makes reference to the Anga Script and lists Anga Lipi very early among the 64 scripts that the Buddha is known to have known. While some of the sixty-four letters listed in "Lalitvistar" were believed to be legendary by Arthur Coke Burnell, he believed that several, such as Dravid, Anga, and Banga, were real despite not emerging as separate alphabets until the ninth or tenth century CE.[3] (Burnell considered this section to be an afterthought.)

Bengali and Anga Lipi scripts may have sprung from Brahmic, but with certain regional traits.This lends credence to the theory that local traits were still being developed in alphabets from previous times

It shows how regional variations of Indian alphabets were first developed.

It is said to be the ancient writing system or script for Angika which was than known by its historical name Aangi. Various sources were gathered by Archaelogical Survey of India (ASI) during excavation in Banka and Bhagalpur. 

Christina Hawatmeh

Christina Hawatmeh (born May 8, 1988 in Saint Louis, Missouri) is an American tech entrepreneur and award-winning author. She is founder and CEO of Scopio and writer of the HarperCollins book “The Year Time Stopped: The Global Pandemic in Photos”.

Christina completed her bachelor's degree in International affairs from George Washington University, and Master of International Affairs from Columbia University.

Christina Hawatmeh's journey began at George Washington University, exploring Facebook groups as a student. In 2014, during her master's program at Columbia University, her innovative approach to the storytelling potential of images on social media gained attention. This led her to develop Artificial intelligence capable of identifying and preserving original images, aiming to move them from social media to a more enduring presence in the real world. Her vision was to distribute these images globally within three minutes of upload, preventing the loss of valuable historical moments buried in the constant flow of social media.

Facing challenges and limitations with existing platforms, Christina launched Scopio, a platform allowing users to directly upload and distribute their images. Her goal was to empower individuals globally, providing a space for photo sharing without the need for professional journalism or photography. Through Scopio, she identified global voices on platforms like Instagram and Twitter, establishing a community of individuals sharing images globally. Christina aimed to liberate valuable images from the confines of social media, recognizing their historical significance.

To address the limitations and biases of social media algorithms, Christina challenged traditional business practices by creating a marketplace bridging the gap between professional photographers and ordinary individuals. This transformative approach moved beyond the traditional stock photo industry into a new era of photo sharing.

Christina's commitment to inclusivity extended beyond entrepreneurship to social justice advocacy, focusing on cultural awareness and race. She emphasized the importance of venture capital in supporting diverse founders and advocated for a more inclusive tech industry embracing underrepresented voices from all backgrounds.


Christina has received numerous accolades, including being recognized as one of the "Top 10 Self-Made Women in 2023" by MSN, among the "Top 10 Entrepreneurs to follow" by NY Finance, and one of the "Top 10 Influential Women to look out for" by NYC Journal. Scopio, the platform she founded, is a recipient of the "Forbes 30 Under 30" award. Additionally, Christina has been an initial member of CHIEF, a recipient of the Tech Boss Award, and participated in the Columbia University Business School innovation entrepreneurship program as part of the first class at the Columbia Startup Lab. She is also an alum of 500 Startups, ERA, and a winner of the Arch Grant.

François-Henri Pinault

François-Henri Pinault (born 28 May 1962) is the chairman and current CEO of Kering. He is the son of François Pinault. He is considered one of the richest men in the world, with a family fortune estimated on August 18, 2018 to be $30.5 billion. He graduated from HEC Paris in 1985.

René Wagner

René Wagner (31 October 1972 in Brno) is a former Czech football player and now coach. The striker played in Brno and in Austria for Rapid Wien and SV Mattersburg. There he became top scorer of the league in 1997 with 21 goals. He also played for the Czech Republic national football team.
René Wagner began his professional career with Boby Brünn. He played for the club until 1996. Then he went to Austria and played for Rapid Vienna. Wagner soon became an important players. In his first season for Rapid, he became top scorer in the Bundesliga in 1996/97 with 21 goals. In eight years in Hütteldorf he played in the Champions League and was Austrian runner-up four times. Wagner never won the title. 

In the summer of 2004 Wagner moved to league rivals SV Mattersburg. In 2006 Wagner returned to 1. FC Brno and ended his professional career in June 2008. From 2008 to 2010, René Wagner played for SV Leobendorf in Lower Austria. He ended his career as an active footballer with the Czech fourth division club Sparta Brno in 2010. 
René Wagner played a total of eleven international matches for the Czech Republic between 1995 and 2001. He scored three goals.
After the end of his professional career, Wagner he worked as an assistantcoach for the B team of 1. FC Brno. Later he managed the B juniors of the club and then the A youth team. In January 2016, the Austrian second division club SC Wiener Neustadt announced that Wagner had been hired as assistant coach After Kreissl signed a contract as sporting director with first division club SK Sturm Graz, Wagner became head coach of Wiener Neustadt. In May 2017 the club separated from Wagner.

Indira Rajan

Indira Rajan (1939–29 April 2022) was an Indian Bharatanatyam dancer and teacher. She was the recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award which she received in 1996 for her contributions in dancing. In her dance academy at Chennai, she has taught more then 1000 students.

Rajan was born in the year 1939 in Karaikal, Puducherry, India. She was born in an Isai Velalar family which is a community found in the Tamil Nadu region of India. They are traditionally involved as performers of classical dance and music in Hindu temples. Her grandmother Sundarambal was a famous Sadir dancer of her time, while her mother Sundara Kamakshi was a well-known musician and her uncles KN Dandayudhapani Pillai and KN Pakkiriswami Pillai were noted natyacharyas. Indira left her home to learn dance at the age of six. She started dancing under Guru Ganesh Pillai and had learnt Arangetram. She performed in public for the first time at the age of nine. She continued her training with guru while also starting an independent dance career at the age of 13. In 1955, she left to Madras to learn and upgrade her dancing skills.

Indira has performed a lot in India as well as out of India. During her long and successful career she was selected to perform in North and East India under the cultural exchange program of "Tamil Nadu Eyal Isai Natak Manaram". She has performed at important state functions and in the presence of several high ranking officials. She has composed dances on traditional songs from Tevaram, Thiruvachagam and Nalayara Divya Prabandham and has choreographed many dance-drama on various themes. She has also done few dance choreography for movies. In 1982, she performed at the Veinna International Film Festival. 

Many famous dancers asked her to help with their performances, doing the "nattuvangam". Nattuvangam is a rhythmic accompaniment in the classical Indian dance form known as Bharatanatyam. It involves playing rhythmic patterns on cymbals called "manjira" or "taal" while reciting rhythmic syllables known as "sollukattu" or "jati." It plays a crucial role in helping the dancers with rhythm and tempo during a Bharatanatyam performance. Over her long career of more than six decades, she taught over 1000 students at her school Vadhini Natyalaya. She was chosen as one of the 'important teachers' by the South Zone Cultural Centre of the Indian Government. She also taught dance to Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa, for around 1 year.

Indra died on 29 April 2022, at the age of 82 or 83. Coincidentally, she died on the International Dance day. One of her student said, "Her death on International Dance Day shows her divine connection with the art".
For her contributions to the field of Bharatanatyam, Indira got the following Awards:

Natya Kala Ratnam: 1976

Natya Kala Bhushan: 1976

Kalaimamani: 1991

Sangeet Natak Akademi award: 1996

Acharya Choodamani: 2004


Bernard Baruch

Bernard Mannes Baruch was a Jewish-American financier. He was very successful in the stock exchange. He also helped several presidents in 3 major global conflicts. First in World War 1 with Woodrow Wilson, then in World War 2 with Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman, and lastly in the Cold War, with Harry Truman again. He lived until the presidency of Lyndon Johnson. 

Baruch's father was Simon Baruch, a Confederate soldier in the American Civil war, a physician, and then a Ku Klux Klan member. He had three brothers, and he was the second brother. They were Herman B. Baruch, Sailing Wolfe Baruch, and Hartwig Nathaniel Baruch. On 1897, when Baruch 27 years old, he married Annie Griffin ,an Episcopalian. Their children included Belle Baruch W., Bernard Baruch Jr., and Renée Baruch. (In order of birth). When the couple's first daughter, Belle, or Isabel Baruch was born, Baruch was so happy he wrote a poem about her. It went like this: 

"Oh Isabel, Oh Isabel,"

"The day you were first visible,"

"Paternal pride and future hope"

"We centered all in thee."

"Oh Isabel, Oh Isabel"

"We’re one and indivisible."

"We constitute a family now,"

"Where there was two, there’s three"

"(Baroness of Hobcaw, 4-5)".

The two parents, Baruch and Griffin, had two different religious beliefs; Judaism and Episcopalianism. After an argument, both agreed that their two daughters would be raised Episcopalian and the boy whatever he chooses to believe. 

Bernard Baruch was the one of 4 sons of Simon Baruch (father) and Isabelle (mother). Baruch's father was a confederate physician and surgeon in the American Civil War. After the war, Simon Baruch and his family traveled to New York City, where Bernard Baruch, his son, would be raised and live for most of his life. Baruch then studied at the College of the City of New York. One day, in a sports accident while he was playing baseball, he damaged his ear, and soon graduated. He worked in numerous jobs until he finally had enought money to become a member of the New York Stock Exchange. By 1900, Baruch was a millonaire, at age 30. 

On 1914, Baruch supported Woodrow Wilson financially during his presidential campaign financially. The two men became close as World War 1 raged on. In 1919, Baruch helped Wilson out in the Paris Peace Conference. For a long time afterwards, Bernard Baruch grew his wealth and supported many Democrats, such as Senator Joseph Robinson. But when Franklin D. Roosevelt became the president of the United States, Baruch greatly opposed him, although Roosevelt was a Democrat. But he couldn't ignore the Great Depression. Baruch did all he can to support, recover, and later rebuild the nation. Then another world war, World War 2 was fought. Baruch supported his home nation, and then supported many presidents in the Cold War. He even coined the word, 'Cold War'. 

After all his long years of being wealthy, supporting presidents and building a family, Bernard Baruch died on 1965, aged 94. In fact, he never associated or worked with any financial house, so was nicknamed, 'The Lone Wolf of Wall Street'. 

Brook stickleback

The brook stickleback ("Culaea inconstans") is a stickleback that is distributed across the US and Canada. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Culaea. They are preyed upon by smallmouth bass and northern pike.

Small populations are scattered throughout the Mississippi-Great Lakes basin extending to Colorado, New Mexico, Kentucky, Tennessee, etc., but sometimes, these places don't have these freshwater fish.

The brook stickleback has a small, compressed, and oblong-shaped body with a slim caudal peduncle and a fan-shaped tail. It can grow to a length of 3 to 5 cm (1.2 to 2.0 in). It has swollen lips resembles the ninespine stickleback in appearance but only with five, or occasionally six, dorsal spines. It also lacks lateral bony plates.

The colouring is grayish or olive green throughout the year with lots of indistinct mottling. During the spawning season, males are nearly black and females have darker and lighter patches.
"Culaea inconstans" occurs throughout the southern half of Canada and the northern part of the eastern United States. It is one of the smallest fishes in the region.

Brackish water populations are extremely rare but possible. In Nebraska, brook sticklebacks are generally found in small streams in the northern portion of the state. They've been in Nebraska since the 1900s.

The brook stickleback is normally found in North America, but it has also been introduced in Europe. These little creatures were brought in upper drainage of the River Inn in Bavaria. In the 1960s, they were introduced alongside the genus "Micropterus" to Lohjanjärvi in southern Finland.



Acanthopleurus

Acanthopleurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch. It is a relative of the modern triplespines. It's from the Oligocene of Glarus, Switzerland.

According to the fossils, "Acanthopleurus" may have looked long in appearance. The body was probably laterally compressed. However, very little is known about this prehistoric fish.



Layla and Majnun

Layla and Majnun (Arabic: مجنون ليلى) is an old story from Arabia about two lovers, Qays and Layla. Qays loved Layla very much, but her father didn't want them to be close to each other. Qays loved Layla so much that he couldn't stop thinking about her, and people started calling him "Majnun," which means "crazy". This story became popular in many countries like Persia, Turkey, Pakistan, and India. A Persian poet named Nizami Ganjavi wrote a famous poem about their love story in the 12th century. In the poem, Qays and Layla fall in love when they're young, but they can not be with each other. Many other poets were inspired by Nizami's poem and wrote their own stories about them. 

Some of these stories became very popular in places like Turkey, Pakistan and India. Sufi mystics, who are people who have special beliefs about God and spirituality, also told stories about Majnun to explain ideas like love and giving up things for someone else. Nizami's poem has been translated into many languages.

"Qays ibn al-Mullawah" loved "Layla al-Aamiriya" very much. He wrote poems about her and people called him "Majnun" (crazy) because he couldn't stop thinking about her all the time. When he asked to marry Layla, her father said no because he thought Majnun was crazy. Layla got married to another man named Ward Althaqafi. Majnun was heartbroken and ran away to the desert, where he wandered alone. His family left food for him, but he was lost in his own world, reciting poetry and writing in the sand.

Majnun's love for Layla was so strong that he disconnected from reality and searched for divine love in the desert. He didn't even recognize Layla when they met. Layla moved with her husband and became ill, eventually dying. Some say she died of a broken heart. Majnun was found dead near her grave, where he had carved poetry on a rock.

Their story is similar to Romeo and Juliet, where their love story is very sad and doesn't have a happy ending. There are many other stories like theirs in Arabian literature, where love isn't fulfilled, like the story of Qays and Lubna. This idea of love that can't come true is found in stories from all around the world, including South Asian literature like Urdu poetry.

According to Arab stories, Qays and Layla were born in Al-Aflaj province, Saudi Arabia, where there's a town named after Layla.

Jabal Al-Toubad is in Al-Aflaj, Saudi Arabia, 350 km southwest of Riyadh. The place called Jabbar, near Al-Ghayl village, is where the love story of "Qais bin al-Mulawwah" and "Laila al-Amiriya" happened in 685 AD.

In the 11th century, the Persian poet Nasir Khusraw visited Layla's town and described it, including Jabal Al-Toubad. He talked about how the region was poor and troubled by conflicts.

The story of Layla and Majnun was known in Persia a long time ago, starting from the 9th century. Persian poets like Rudaki and Baba Taher talked a lot about the lovers.

Although the story was known in Arabic literature in the 5th century, it became very famous in Persian literature because of Nizami Ganjavi's masterpiece. Nizami got inspiration from different sources and created a detailed picture of the lovers. Many other Persian poets were influenced by Nizami's work and wrote their own versions of the story. They were influenced by ancient Persian stories and love poetry too.

In the story, Layla and Majnun fell in love when they were young, but they couldn't be together because of a family disagreement. Layla's family made her marry someone else. Many poets tried to write their own versions of Layla and Majnun, but Nizami's work was considered the best.

In Azerbaijani literature, Fuzuli's poem Leyli and Majnun, written in 1535, became very popular. It was known for its emotional and beautiful writing style. It's seen as one of the greatest works of Turkic literature. The first opera in the Islamic world, also named Leyli and Majnun, was composed by Uzeyir Hajibeyov in 1908, based on Fuzuli's work.

The story of Layla and Majnun has influenced many writers, especially Sufi writers who see Layla as a symbol of their beloved. The word "Majnun" means "a crazy person" in Arabic, and the story has inspired expressions in Turkish and Arabic languages. The tale has also been translated into English, making it accessible to more people.

In Pakistan, the story of Layla and Majnun is very popular. This influence came to South Asia due to Sufism. Many movies have been made on it in both Pakistan and India.

Layla has also been mentioned in works by the English poet Aleister Crowley, including "The Book of Lies".

New bharat

In a significant move towards transforming the landscape of education in India, the government has recently implemented a series of landmark reforms aimed at revolutionizing the way students learn and teachers impart knowledge. These reforms come at a crucial time when the global education system is undergoing rapid changes, and India is positioning itself to meet the demands of the 21st century.

The cornerstone of these reforms is the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020, which envisions a comprehensive overhaul of the country's education system. The policy emphasizes a shift from rote learning to a more holistic and skill-based approach, fostering creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills among students.

One of the most revolutionary aspects of the NEP is the introduction of a multidisciplinary approach to education. Students can now choose a combination of subjects from different streams, allowing them to explore diverse fields and tailor their education to their interests and aptitudes.

The traditional three-year undergraduate programs are set to undergo a transformation with the introduction of flexible and modular curricula. This change will enable students to choose their courses more freely, with options to take breaks and pursue internships, fostering a more practical and experiential learning environment.

Recognizing the importance of technology in education, the reforms focus on integrating digital tools and e-learning platforms. This not only facilitates access to quality education in remote areas but also prepares students for a tech-driven future.

The NEP places a strong emphasis on vocational education and skill development, aiming to make students job-ready from an early stage. Collaboration with industries and the integration of apprenticeships into the curriculum are key components of this initiative.

The traditional examination-centric evaluation system is being reevaluated. Continuous and comprehensive assessments, along with a shift towards competency-based learning, are expected to provide a more accurate reflection of a student's capabilities.

The NEP promotes the use of regional languages as the medium of instruction in schools, ensuring that students have a strong foundation in their mother tongue while also being proficient in English. This move is aimed at preserving linguistic diversity and improving learning outcomes.

India's recent education reforms represent a paradigm shift towards a more inclusive, flexible, and modern system. By embracing multidisciplinary approaches, integrating technology, and prioritizing skill development, the country is laying the foundation for a generation of learners equipped to meet the challenges of the future. As the reforms take root, it is anticipated that India's education system will not only produce academically strong individuals but also creative thinkers and problem solvers ready to contribute to the nation's progress on a global scale.

R-Stroy

R-Stroy is a Russian construction company, founded in 2022. It has a large contract with the Russian Ministry of Construction to rebuild the city of Mariupol in Crimea. Its contract, worth $37million is for 40 projects. They include the refurbishment of the Illichivets Stadium, the rebuilding of two university campuses and the reconstruction of dozens of residential buildings in the Left Bank. 90% of the residential buildings in the city were damaged or destroyed in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The majority owner, Nikolay Milkis, is a former deputy governor of a Siberian province. Milkis worked for pharmaceutical giant R-Pharm when R-Stroy was founded. R-Pharm was founded by Alexey Repik, known in Russia as one of the “kings of winning government contracts,” according to Forbes. Repik was placed under sanctions in the UK in February 2023 for his “close working relationship with Putin”. Ivan Sibirev in March 2023, acquired 40% of R-Stroy. The other shareholders are Konstantin Nuriev, who founded the company and retains 5%, and Valeriy Zolotukhin, who bought 5% in March 2023. Zolotukhin is also the general director of hospital construction company Petrusco, which is owned by Daeva, Repik’s mother.

Kleene star

In mathematical logic and computer science, the Kleene star (or Kleene operator or Kleene closure) is a mathematical process or operation on sets of numbers, characters (like letters) or symbols. It is often used for regular expressions.

As an example, if we take a set of numbers and call it formula_1, and create a never-ending list of all the numbers in that set, in all the combinations that are possible with those numbers, then we have created the Kleene star of formula_1. So, given a set, it's the set of all string combinations of members of that set.

Let's create a set called V, and put the symbols a and b in it.

So here's the Kleene star applied to that set of characters:

List of Myanmar representatives at international male beauty pageants

Mister Myanmar is a men's pageant held in Myanmar. The winner and finalists from the contest go on to represent Myanmar in many international pageants.

Wuzhiqi

Wuzhiqi (Chinese: 巫支祁) is a creature from Chinese mythology, often seen as a water monkey demon. It was first mentioned in the stories from the 9th century. According to a Chinese Legend, it came out of the water when Emperor Yu was fighting floods. It looks like a monkey with a white head and blue body, and could stretch its neck very far. Some stories say it is as strong as many elephants and can move very fast.

The earliest story about Wuzhiqi is from a book written in the Tang dynasty. It talks about a fisherman meeting a monkey demon with a black body and white head in the Huai River. Another old book from the Song dynasty tells how Wuzhiqi lived in the Huai River and was defeated by Emperor Yu. It was then trapped under Turtle Mountain to stop floods. Sometimes Wuzhiqi appears as a woman and has other names like Guishan Shuimu and Sizhou Virgin.

The first complete story about Wuzhiqi was in a legendary book called "Li Tang" from the Tang Dynasty. It described Wuzhi Qi as a creature like an ape, with special features like a long neck, strength like nine elephants, and great speed. Legend says that during King Yu's efforts to control floods, he met Wuzhiqi, who caused trouble in the Huaihe River. After a tough fight, King Yu used an iron rope to capture Wuzhi Qi and defeated him. Another book, "Supplement to the History of the Tang Dynasty", also talked about this legend. Some scholars think Wuzhiqi's story might be connected to a tale called "Xia Yao" from Yu Town. This story is still known in the mountains near Taihu Lake. Over time, the legend of Wuzhi Qi changed. In the Southern Song Dynasty, Buddhist versions of the story appeared, and Wuzhiqi became linked with the Jellyfish Empress. Later, the story transformed into dramas and operas, like "The Great Sage of Sizhou Drops the Jellyfish". Flooding in the Huaisi River Basin made the legend more popular, and different versions spread widely.

Because Wuzhiqi shares similarities with Sun Wukong (Monkey King), the main character in "Journey to the West", some think he might be one of Sun Wukong's early forms. Eiichiro Ishida explains this by pointing out how monkeys and water are connected, and how Wuzhiqi's legend involves being tied up and sealed away, which relates to water legends.

In the 1920s, Lu Xun suggested that Sun Wukong's look was taken from Wuzhiqi. He believed that Wuzhiqi's power, like being very fast and strong, were passed on to Sun Wukong. Lu Xun also mentioned a old drama where Wuzhiqi is called Sun Wukong's sister, showing a connection between them. But, Hu Shi thought differently. He believed Sun Wukong was inspired by Hanuman, a monkey god from the South Asian epic "Ramayana." This idea sparked debates among scholars. Later, some scholars suggested that Sun Wukong's character is a mix of different influences, including Wuzhiqi and Hanuman.

Ishmael Bernal

Ishmael Bernal (September 30, 1938 – June 2, 1996) was a Filipino film director. He was known for his films that express social injustices and reflect on the struggles of ordinary Filipinos. In the 1970s, he was recognized as the Director of the Decade by the Catholic Mass Media Awards. In 2001, he was awarded National Artist for Cinema in the Philippines.


Evgeny Cossman (person)

Evgeny Сossman (, born September 11, 1993, Norilsk, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia) is a Russian tarologist, psychologist, entrepreneur, numerologist, blogger, is the host of the program ""Tarot on the whole head"" on the RTVI channel, is also an expert on the YouTube show ""Very Strange Stories"" and is the author of the esoteric method ""Arcane under the cover"".

Evgeny was born on September 11, 1993 in Norilsk (Krasnoyarsk Krai). After graduating from high school, he entered and graduated from Moscow State University and then from the Institute of Oriental Medicine PFUR. He has also maintained a personal practice as a tarotologist and psychologist since 2009. He founded his own Tarot training school in 2019, and is an instructor of his own online Tarot school. 

In 2019, in an interview for the Russian newspaper RBC Style, talked about magic crystals for all occasions, astrological predictions in messengers and Tarot cards in fashion collections.

Since 2022, he started his professional activity on major event performances, for brands such as: "RIVGOSH", "HELLO Magazine", "Letual", "JUST CLOTHES". In March 2023, in an interview for peopletalk magazine, he talked about and explained taromancy and how often you can do Tarot readings. And in June of the same year, in an interview for the same newspaper, he described the method of using Tarot.

Halmasti

Halmasti or the Celestial Hound is a large horse-sized evil hound in Chitrali mythology of northern Pakistan. It is connected to the heavens, showing by its name, "halmasti", which means 'thunder' in Khowar. The Halmasti is said to be a large wolf with dark red fur, long limbs and a large mouth. Some stories say it can even breathe out fire.

According to Chitrali stories, Halmasti only appears in places where either a baby is born or someone has died. People believe that these places shouldn't be left empty for seven days and nights; during this time, Quranic recitations should encircle the dead, while newborns should be sung lullabies.

People were very careful around babies because they thought Halmasti might hurt them. That's why they wouldn't leave babies alone, and if they really had to, they would put something made of iron, often a knife or a blade, under the baby's pillow. It was believed that the Halmasti hated and avoided the metal and that iron was its weakness.

Chitral is a place where many different cultures meet. It is in the middle of West, Central and East Asia. Chitrali mythology is a mix of stories from Iranic, Turkic, and Chinese cultures, along with its own local stories.

The origin of Halmasti is believed to be in ancient Sumer where it was known as a female demon "Littu". Later, Semitic people called it "Lillith", spreading throughout European stories as a child snatcher. Iranic people called it "Al" or "Hal", a witch who snatched children. In the Turkic world, "Al-Basti" hunted guilty souls. The name Halmasti comes from the Turkic word "Al-Basti," but its description differs. Chitrali stories say Halmasti is like the Tiangou (Heavenly Dog) from ancient Chinese tales. It was a celestial hound that came from the sky with thunder and lightning to eat the sun and moon, causing eclipses and mischief among children.

The Halmasti is a large creature, like a dog or a wolf, with dark red fur and a huge size. It's often linked to birth and death, making it a symbol of darkness. Because of this, people in Chitral were afraid of it and took precautions. Seeing a Halmasti was thought to bring bad luck.

Because people feared the Halmasti, they took different actions when someone died or a baby was born. When a baby was born, it was never left alone. But if there was an emergency and the baby had to be left alone, people would put an iron weapon under the baby's bed to keep the Halmasti away. They believed that iron scared the Halmasti and kept it away.

When someone died, the Halmasti often came to where the body was washed or buried. Because of this, people didn't leave those places for seven days. They stayed there and recited the Quran in circles to keep the Halmasti from descending.

Rabab Al-Kadhimi

Rabab Al-Kadhimi (, also known as Rabab Al-Kazimi; 30 July 1918 – 1998) was an Iraqi poet who wrote about women's rights and a dentist. She is also known for her contributions to women's poetry.

Rabab al-Kadhimi was born in Cairo on 23 August 1918. Her father, the Iraqi poet , supported her interest in poetry. Her mother, Aisha, from Tunisia, died when Rabab was ten years old. Her father's support encouraged her to write, and she started publishing her poems in Egyptian magazines during the 1920s and 1930s. Some of her poems were so political that both she and her father got threats from Egyptian authorities. Her father died when she was eighteen, and soon after, she was invited to Iraq to join a memorial for him. She later joined the Princess Fawzia School in Egypt in 1936, funded by the Iraqi Ministry of Education.

After returning to Egypt, Al-Kadhimi married Hikmat Chadirji and had a son. However, in 1950, she decided to go on education and started dentistry education. She was educated at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington, specializing in pediatric dentistry (dentistry for children). The couple later went back to Iraq, where Chadirji got a position in the Iraqi Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Meanwhile, Al-Kadhimi continued her job and by 1956, she became the Head of Dentistry at a hospital in Baghdad. After some time, they returned to Egypt. After that, Al-Kadhimi used her medical knowledge to give care to the people who were injured during the Algerian Revolution. She passed away in 1998.

Li Ang (writer)

Shih Shu-tuan (; born 5 April 1952, in Lukang, Taiwan), is a Taiwanese feminist writer. She also uses the pen name Li Ang (). She finished her studies in philosophy at Chinese Culture University and she later studied drama at the University of Oregon. Li Ang then returned to teach at her old university. Her main work is "The Butcher's Wife" (殺夫: 1983, tr. 1986), but she has written many other novels. Her stories often contain feminist themes and sexuality, and many take place in Lukang.

"The Butcher's Wife" criticizes traditional Chinese patriarchy. The story tells about a female character who is forced into marriage with a much older, cruel butcher by her dead father's brother. The butcher abuses her sexually and scares her in various ways, such as a visit to the slaughterhouse. In a confused state, the main character in the end, kills him with a butcher's knife.

Li Ang is famous for her unique, honest, and deep insights into gender politics in modern Taiwan society. She started writing when she was just 16 years old and has since written nearly twenty novels and collections of short stories. Her works mainly tell about women's issues such as sexuality during adolescence, feminism, gender roles, and female experiences. For her courage in using topics that are often considered "hard to talk about" Taiwanese culture, critics both in China and around the world praised her. Her books have been translated into many languages and are sold worldwide. Major newspapers like "The New York Times" told about her books and some films and television series used them. In 2004, Li Ang received the “Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres” from the French Minister of Culture and Communication for her important contributions to global literature.

This is a complete list of Li Ang's works published in Taiwan as well as the English translations of her work.





Polypedates otilophus

The bony-headed Rhacophorus, Bongon whipping frog, or file-eared tree frog ("Polypedates otilophus") is a frog. It lives in Borneo. People have seen them from sea level to 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 64-80 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 82-97 mm. The skin of the frog's back is brown or yellow or gray or yellow-brown in color. The belly is nearly white in color. Each frog has thin black stripes on the back of its head. There are stripes and dots on other parts of the body and thicker stripes on the back legs. The iris of the eye is yellow-gray in color and the pupils go side to side and open up and down.

The tadpoles are yellow-green on top and and silvery white on the belly. Some of them have yellow spots on their dorsal fins. The tadpoles become the same color as adults after their hind legs begin to grow but before their front legs grow.

This frog lives in forests. It can live in trees or smaller woody plants. The female frog lays eggs in foam nests on leaves 30 cm over rain pools. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the rain pool or stream. This frog can live in places that human beings have changed, such as palm oil farms.

This frog eats insects and other animals without bones, such as tree crickets. Sometimes this frog will eat smaller frogs.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were because human beings change the places where it lives by cutting down the forest. But scientists have seen that this frog can live in places where humans have cut down only a few trees at a time.

Human beings used to catch this frog to sell as pets, but the frogs usually died.

This frog can have a smell that humans do not like.

Peggy Antrobus

Peggy Antrobus (born 1935) is a feminist activist, author, and scholar from the Caribbean. She worked as Advisor on Women's Affairs to the government of Jamaica, and as United Nations advisor to the Barbados Ministry of Social Transformation. She is one of the early members of several feminist organisations, like Caribbean Association for Feminist Research and Action (CAFRA), the global South feminist network Development Alternatives with Women for a New Era (DAWN), and the International Gender and Trade Network (IGTN). She is the author of "The Global Women's Movement: Origins, Issues and Strategies" (Zed Books, 2004).

Antrobus was born in Grenada in 1935. She studied in St. Lucia at St. Joseph's Convent and later at the St. Vincent Girl's High School. She studied economics at Bristol University in 1954, and got a certificate in social work at the University of Birmingham, United Kingdom. She completed her doctorate in education at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1998.

Antrobus was appointed the advisor on Women's Affairs to the government of Jamaica in 1974. According to Michelle Rowley, associate professor of women's studies at the University of Maryland, this was the beginning of Antrobus' feminist consciousness. In 1987, she started the Women and Development Unit (WAND) at the University of the West Indies (UWI) and was its manager until she retired in 1995.

She started the Caribbean Association for Feminist Research and Action (CAFRA) with other Caribbean activists, artists, and scholars like Honor Ford-Smith, Sonia Cuales, Cynthia Ellis, Joan French, Rhoda Reddock, and Rawwida Baksh-Soodeen in 1985. She was also a starter of Development Alternatives for Women in a New Era (DAWN) and functioned as the organization's general coordinator for the from 1990 to 1996.

With many other important activists, Peggy Antrobus was interested in the UN World Conferences on Women, including the first at Mexico City in 1975. US feminist and author Charlotte Bunch, quotes Antrobus as saying, about this first international gathering of women: "It was within this context that women from around the world first encountered each other in a sustained and ever-deepening process...[that] was to nurture and expand this movement in a way that not even its strongest protagonists could have imagined."

Peggy Antrobus writes an analytical and historical summary of global feminism and the international women's movement in her book, "The Global Women's Movement: Origins, Issues and Strategies" (Zed Books, 2004). She contributed an essay to Robin Morgan's anthology, "Sisterhood is Global: The International Women's Movement Anthology" (Anchor Press/Doubleday, 1984).

Mariama Bâ

Mariama Bâ (April 17, 1929 – August 17, 1981) was a writer and supporter for women's rights from Senegal. She wrote two novels in French that were translated into many languages. She was born in Dakar and grew up as a Muslim.

Her first novel, "Une si longue lettre" (1979; translated as "So Long a Letter"), tells her concerns about the lives of African women. It tells the story of a woman who must cope with the loss of her husband while also dealing with his younger second wife. The book won the first Noma Award for Publishing in Africa in 1980.

Bâ was born in Dakar, Senegal, in 1929, to a rich and educated family of Lebu descent. Her father was a government minister, and her grandfather worked as an interpreter during the French colonial period. After her mother's death, Bâ was raised by her grandparents of her mother in the traditional way. She received her early education in French and also attended a Koranic school.

Bâ was successful in her studies, however she had challenges as a girl looking for a higher education during colonial times. At first, her grandparents did not want her to continue her education after primary school, but her father insisted for her to join a teacher training college in Rufisque, Dakar. She was ver successful and eventually became a school teacher. Later, she worked as an educational inspector. 

Bâ was married three times and had nine children. Her third and longest marriage was to a Senegalese member of Parliament named Obèye Diop, but they eventually divorced.

Bâ died in 1981 after a long illness, before her second novel, "Un Chant écarlate" ("Scarlet Song"), was published. This novel tells a love story between two individuals from different backgrounds who challenge traditional norms. 

Quadriceps

The quadriceps femoris muscle, also called the quadriceps extensor, quadriceps or quads is a large muscle group that includes four large muscles on the front of the thigh. These are the only muscles in the human body that can extend the knee.

The Quadriceps are divided into four different muscles, also called the 'heads'

Gaurav Yadav

Gaurav Yadav, also known as Gaurav Narendra Yadav, is an Indian cricketer. He was born on 31 October 1991 in Madhya Pradesh, India.

Barratt Developments

Barratt Developments is one of the largest house building companies in the United Kingdom. It started in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1958. It is now based in Coalville, Leicestershire. It has been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1968, and is in the FTSE 100 Index.

In February 2024 it agreed a deal for £2.5 billion to buy rival Redrow. The combined group would be renamed Barratt Redrow and would build roughly 22,000 homes a year. It would be the biggest house building company in the country.

Sir Robert McAlpine

Sir Robert McAlpine Limited is a family-owned building and civil engineering company based in Hemel Hempstead, England. It carries out engineering and construction in the infrastructure, heritage, commercial, arena and stadium, healthcare, education and nuclear sectors.

The business was started by Robert McAlpine in Lanarkshire in 1869. He died in 1934.

Many Irish immigrants who had come to England looking for work worked for the company. Dominic Behan wrote a song about them called "McAlpine's Fusiliers" in the 1960s. It was made famous by The Dubliners.

The Dubliners

The Dubliners were an Irish folk band founded in Dublin in 1962. Their most famous lead singers were Luke Kelly and Ronnie Drew. The band was successful with their lively Irish folk songs, traditional street ballads and instrumentals.

They were one of the most influential Irish acts of the 20th century. They celebrated 50 years together in 2012, the year they retired.

Dominic Behan wrote songs for them including McAlpine's Fusiliers. 

AleXa

Alexandra Christine Schneiderman (born December 9, 1996), known by her stage name AleXa () or Alex Christine, is an American K-pop singer and dancer based in South Korea. She works under ZB Label.

In 2022, she represented her home state Oklahoma in American Song Contest with the song "Wonderland" and she won first place.



Oleksandr Bilokon

Oleksandr Hennadiyovych Bilokon (April 22, 1991, Bila Tserkva, Kyiv region — February 2, 2024) — Ukrainian strongman, a participant in the Russian-Ukrainian war. World and European champion in powerlifting, record holder of the Book of Records of Ukraine.

He was holder of the title "The Strongest Man of Ukraine" (in the weight category of 95 kg) in 2020. Master of Sports (2020).

World and European champion in powerlifting, bronze medalist of the Cup of Ukraine and the national championship of Heroic Games.

He was mobilized in March 2023. At the beginning of June 2023, he suffered a serious shrapnel injury to his hand, but he took part in the veteran competition "Kyiv Nezlamnyi", where he won the championship.

Died in February 2024 in the war with the Russian invaders.

Toledo Walleye

The Toledo Walleye are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2009. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Toledo, Ohio at Huntington Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).

Another team had played in Toledo, Ohio as the Toledo Storm from 1991 to 2007. After the 2007 season, the Storm were purchased by another company and the team would stop playing while their new arena, the Huntington Center, was built.

On February 20, 2008, the new owners would change the name of the team from the Storm to the Toledo Walleye after the walleye fish in the area.
The team returned to the ECHL in 2009.

On October 16, 2009, the team would play their first game as the Toledo Walleye. They would be defeated by the Florida Everblades 2–1.

The Walleye would win the Brabham Cup twice. They would make it to the 2019 and 2022 Kelly Cup Finals. They would to the Newfoundland Growlers four games to two. In their second trip to the finals, they would lose to the Florida Everblades four game to one.

On August 3, 2009, the Walleye and the Chicago Blackhawks announced their affiliation. The Walleye were former affiliates of the Chicago Blackhawks.

Alexandra Grant

Alexandra Grant (born 1970) is an American artist who is known for checking language and written texts by things like painting, drawing, and other art. A large part of her art involves talking with writers and language. Grant sees how writing and ideas relate to language theory in art. Grant also makes pictures that are inspired by words and has worked with other people to set up art displays. She lives in Los Angeles and has been in a relationship with Canadian actor Keanu Reeves since November 2019.

At a party in 2009, Grant got to meet Canadian actor Keanu Reeves. The result of this meet led to the two creating a book called "Ode to Happiness", which they released in the start of 2011. This was Grant and Reeves' first book together. It was also Reeves's first book as a writer and Grant's first as an artist. Grant and Reeves worked again in 2016 on "Shadows", their second work that included a book and a set of images. In November 2019, Grant got into a relationship with Reeves.

Dionysius of Halicarnassus

Dionysius of Halicarnassus (, 

Dionysius was a native of Halicarnassus in Asia Minor. He moved to Rome in 30/29 BCE after the end of the Roman civil wars and studied Latin. During this time, Dionysius taught rhetoric. The date of his death is unknown. In the 19th century, it was commonly thought that he was the ancestor of Aelius Dionysius of Halicarnassus.

Dionysius wrote an important work titled Roman Antiquities (, "Rhōmaikē Archaiologia"). It narrates the history of Rome from the mythical period to the start of the First Punic War. The work has twenty books but only the first nine have survived while the other books exist only as fragments. The thesis of Dionysius' work "was that Rome was a Greek city, Latin a Greek dialect, and Romans really Greeks."


Johann Fröhler

Johann Fröhler was an Austrian football striker. He played before and after World War I for SC Rudolfshügel. In 1919 he became top scorer of the league. 

Reduction (orthopedic surgery)

A reduction is when a doctor moves an injured bone back into its correct position.
When a bone breaks, it becomes dislocated or its angle changes, which could lead to deformity after healing without reduction. Since the procedure can be painful, reduction is usually performed under anesthetic. Afterwards, X-rays are used to make sure the reduction was done properly. Finally, a cast or traction is used to keep it in place while it heals.

Reductions can be either open or closed. If the body is cut into so doctors can see the bones they are doing surgery on, that is an open reduction. Otherwise, it is a closed reduction.

George Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood

George Henry Hubert Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood, KBE, AM (7 February 1923 – 11 July 2011), styled The Honourable George Lascelles before 1929 and Viscount Lascelles between 1929 and 1947, was a British classical music administrator and author.

Stay Together for the Kids

"Stay Together for the Kids" is a 2002 song by Blink-182 and is the third and final single from their fourth studio album "Take Off Your Pants and Jacket". It went to number 7 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks charts, number 13 on the UK Rock & Metal charts, number 85 in Switzerland and number 73 in Germany.

Wheeling Nailers

The Wheeling Nailers are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1981. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Wheeling, West Virginia at WesBanco Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team first started in 1981 as the Winston-Salem Thunderbirds in the Atlantic Coast Hockey League (ACHL). They are the oldest surviving team in the ECHL. When the ACHL went out of business, the team would join the All-American Hockey League (AAHL). They would join the Virginia Lancers and Johnstown Chiefs for the creation of the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL).

Throughout their history, the team has formerly went under the names Winston-Salem Thunderbirds from 1981 until 1982, Carolina Thunderbirds from 1982 until 1989, Winston-Salem Thunderbirds from 1989 until 1992, and the Wheeling Thunderbirds from 1992 until 1996.

On March 31, 1992, co-owner Ed Broyhill announced that the team would be moving from Winston-Salem, North Carolina to Wheeling, West Virginia.

On October 18, 1992, the team would play their first game as the Wheeling Thunderbirds. They would defeat the Dayton Bombers 9–3.

On June 18, 1996, the team announced that they were changing their name to the Wheeling Nailers. They changed from the Thunderbirds because of a trademark issue between the team and the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

Falls Apart (Sugar Ray song)

"Falls Apart" is a 1999 song by Sugar Ray and was the second single released in Japan and the third single released in the United States. It was taken from their third studio album "" and went to number 29 in the United States, number 15 in Canada, number 33 in New Zealand and number 54 in Australia.

UK and Australian CD single

Japanese CD single

Market segmentation

Market segmentation is the process of dividing consumers, into sub-groups of customers (known as "segments") based on shared qualities to get better sales in marketing.

In these markets, people who study this idea usually look for common things between customers such as shared needs, common interests, and similar ways of living. The overall goal is to provide a more useful service for every type of customer. Many different ways to segment a market have been found. They usually do it by finding differences in customers to provide the most useful products for potential customers and regular customers alike.

Market segmentation assumes that different people have different needs – that is, different offers, features, prices, and more. They usually advertise different products differently to get the product sold to the best customer for the best service. Market segmentation is also for the company to study to better understand an individual's needs and purchase reasons, as it helps brands understand ways to better marketing, strategy, planning, and more.

Market segmentation, from an business view, assumes different people will want different products. It splits customers into groups with different needs and wants. The idea is to reach competitive advantage and that they should make more products to satisfy more people, thus getting more sales and customers. They must also consider how to make a product and many other things when doing this segmentation. 

Brands and people studying segmentation have to consider many things, such as: 

These brands and people studying also have to consider the target markets to reach to, such as:


There are many different types of market segmentation, such as:

Demographic segmentation: To get better sales brands may make different products attracting people of certain types. 

Geographic segmentation: The belief that different peoples with different ways of living have different needs, so they segment with that idea in mind. 

Psychographic segmentation: A segmentation applying psychology to sell a product, considering how a person may spend their time.

Behavioural segmentation: Divides potential customers into groups according to their seen behaviours. Many marketers believe this is the best type of segmentation. 

Generational segmentation: Segmentation by age-divide, or generations. 

Cultural segmentation: Division by how a person was raised and how they live in a way.

Market segmentation has many critics. Despite its limits, market segmentation remains one of the most long lasting marketing practices. Criticisms and limitations of segmentation have been well documented. Such criticisms include:


Allen Americans

The Allen Americans are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2009 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Allen, Texas at Credit Union of Texas Event Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Belleville Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL).

During their time in the CHL, the Allen Americans would win two Ray Miron President's Cups. Their first would come in 2013 and 2014. This made them the very last winners of the trophy.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, Tulsa Oilers and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 24, 2014, the Allen Americans would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Tulsa Oilers 9–6.

The team would be successful during the 2014–15 season. They finished with 48 wins, 14 losses, and 106 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the South Carolina Stingrays four games to three. The next year, the Americans would once again make it to the Kelly Cup Finals. They would win their second Cup in a row when they would defeat the Wheeling Nailers four games to two.

On August 24, 2022, the Americans and the Ottawa Senators announced their affiliation. The Americans were formerly the affiliates of the San Jose Sharks, Minnesota Wild, and the Seattle Kraken.

Jennifer Syme

Jennifer Maria Syme (December 7, 1972 – April 2, 2001) was an American actress, personal assistant, and record company executive. 

Syme was born in Pico Rivera, California. Her parents divorced after she was born. She moved to Los Angeles with her mother. She started to become interested in movies, and was a fan of David Lynch. She worked as an intern in Lynch's company for five years.

According to reports she met Keanu Reeves at a party in 1998. However, Syme's mother says that Syme knows Reeves for a decade. She gave birth to her child with reeves on December 24, 1999. The baby was stillborn 

She died in a car crash on April 2, 2001.

Walter Horak

Walter Horak (1 June 1931 – 24 December 2019 ) was an Austrian football player. The striker took part in the 1958 World Cup in Sweden . He was Austrian champion with Wiener Sport-Club. He also was top scorer of the league in 1958
The winger Walter Horak made his debut in the first league in 1953-54. In 1954-55 he made his breakthrough with 16 goals this season. He was the second best scorer of Sportclub. After two seasons whith less sucess, Walter Horak managed to remain undefeated for 41 championship games in a row with his partners Adolf Knoll, Erich Hof, Josef Hamerl and Karl Skerlan. So Sportclub won the 1957- 58 and 1958-59 championship. Walter Horak was the leagues top scorer in 1958 with 33 goals.

In the winter break of 1960 he moved to SC Wacker Wien. In the winter of 1961 he moved to Grazer AK and after just one half-season he went to Wiener Austria. Although he had a good debut at Austria he accepted an offer from the French first division club FC Sochaux. Back in Austria for the 1962/63 season, Walter Horak joined 1. Schwechater SC. He played there till 1966. He played his last first division game the following season at SK Austria Klagenfurt.
He debuted on 14 November 1954 in a 1-4 loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 1 May 1960 in a 0-4 loss versus Czechoslovakia. For Austria he played in the 1958 World Cup. He played 13 matches and scored 3 goals. 

Jonathan Reynolds

Jonathan Neil Reynolds (born 28 August 1980) is a British politician who is currently serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Business and Trade. A member of Labour Co-op, he has been Member of Parliament for Stalybridge and Hyde since 2010.

Reynolds served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Leader of the Opposition and a Shadow Energy and Climate Change Minister from 2013 to 2015. He was a Shadow Transport Minister from 2015 to 2016 and a Shadow Treasury Minister from 2016 until 2020. He was Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from 2020 to 2021, and has been a front bench representative on the Labour National Executive Committee since 2020.

Trachicaranx

Trachicaranx tersus is an extinct, prehistoric jackfish from Turkmenistan that lived in an ocean upwelling.

Some incomplete fossil specimens were once identified as ""Uylyaichthys eugeniae"."

This fish probably looked like a large pompano with medium-sized eyes.


Bridget Phillipson

Bridget Maeve Phillipson (born 19 December 1983) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Houghton and Sunderland South since 2010. She was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Education in the Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer in 2021. Before this, she served as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2020 to 2021.

Criticism of hadith

Criticism of hadith is the critique of hadith (attributed reports about what the Islamic prophet Muhammad said and did). Not all Muslims believe the hadith are the words of Muhammad. Muslims who criticise the hadith are known as "Hadith rejectors", and are distinguished from "Hadith advocates", such as Sunnis and Shias who believe in traditional hadiths. Groups who have rejected the hadith include "Ahl al-Kalām", "Mu'tazilites", some sects of the Kharijites, modernist Muslims, and Quranists.

Historically, "Ahl al-Kalām", who have been described as the forerunners of the "Mu'tazilites", rejected the authority of the hadith on the grounds that its corpus was "filled with contradictory, blasphemous, and absurd" reports, and that in jurisprudence, even the smallest doubt about a source was too much. Thus, they believed, the true legacy of Muhammad was to be found elsewhere, i.e. in the Sunnah, which is separate from the hadith. Similarly, some sects of the Kharijites also rejected the hadith; there were some who opposed even the writing down of the Hadith itself for fear that it would compete, or even replace the Qur'an. 

Like Ahl al-Kalām, Mu'tazilites also rejected the hadiths as the basis for Islamic law, while at the same time accepting the Sunnah and Ijma. For Mu'tazilites, the basic argument for rejecting the hadiths was that "since its essence is transmission by individuals, [it] cannot be a sure avenue of our knowledge about the Prophetic teaching unlike the Qur'an about whose transmission there is a universal unanimity among Muslims".

Quranists also reject the hadith, who view them as un-Quranic; they believe that obedience to the Islamic prophet Muhammad means obedience to the Qur'an; some further claim that most hadiths are fabrications (pseudepigrapha) created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to Muhammad. Like Quranists, modernist Muslims also believe that the problems in the Islamic world come partly from the traditional elements of the hadith and seek to reject those teachings.

John Esposito notes that "Modern Western scholarship has seriously questioned the historicity and authenticity of the "hadith"", maintaining that "the bulk of traditions attributed to the Prophet Muhammad were actually written much later." According to Esposito, Joseph Schacht "found no evidence of legal traditions before 722," from which Schacht concluded that "the Sunna of the Prophet is not the words and deeds of the Prophet, but apocryphal material" dating from later.

In his book "Mohammedan Studies", Ignác Goldziher states: "it is not surprising that, among the hotly debated controversial issues of Islam, whether political or doctrinal, there is not one in which the champions of the various views are unable to cite a number of traditions, all equipped with imposing "isnads"". Historian Robert G. Hoyland, states during Umayyad times only the central government was allowed to make laws; religious scholars began to challenge this by claiming they had been transmitted hadith by the Prophet. Hoyland vindicates Islamic sources as accurately representative of Islamic history.

Wes Streeting

Wesley Paul William Streeting (/ˈstritɪŋ/; born 21 January 1983) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Shadow Secretary of State for Health and Social Care since 2021, and Member of Parliament for Ilford North since 2015.

He served as Shadow Secretary of State for Child Poverty from May to November 2021, as Shadow Minister for Schools from 2020 to 2021, and as Shadow Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury from April to October 2020. He was also president of the National Union of Students, and Deputy Leader of Redbridge London Borough Council.

Zig Zag (2002 movie)

Zig Zag is a 2002 American drama movie directed by first time director David S. Goyer and was based on the 1999 novel of the same name by Landon J. Napoleon. It stars Wesley Snipes, John Leguizamo, Oliver Platt, Luke Goss and Natasha Lyonne.

National Union of Students (United Kingdom)

The National Union of Students (NUS) is an organisation of student unions in the United Kingdom. Around 600 student unions are in it. That is more than 95% of all higher and further education unions in the UK. Although the National Union of Students is the central organisation for all affiliated unions in the UK, there are also the devolved national sub-bodies NUS Scotland in Scotland, NUS Wales ("UCM Cymru") in Wales and NUS-USI in Northern Ireland (the latter being co-administered by the Union of Students in Ireland).

NUS is a member of the European Students' Union.

It was started in 1922. 

Pat McFadden

Patrick Bosco McFadden (born 26 March 1965) is a British Labour politician serving as Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Shadow Minister for the Cabinet Office and Labour National Campaign Coordinator since September 2023. He was Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury between 2021 and 2023. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South East since 2005.

McFadden attended the Cabinet of Prime Minister Gordon Brown as Minister of State for Business, Innovation and Skills from 2009 to 2010, deputy to Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills Peter Mandelson. He was Minister of State for Employment Relations and Postal Affairs from 2007 to 2009, and Parliamentary Secretary for the Cabinet Office from 2006 to 2007. Before his election to Parliament, he was Political Secretary to Tony Blair.

In opposition, he served as Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills in the first Shadow Cabinet of Harriet Harman from May to October 2010. He was appointed Shadow Minister for Europe by Ed Miliband in 2014 and re-appointed by Jeremy Corbyn in 2015. McFadden was sacked from the front bench by Corbyn in 2016, and remained on the back benches until he was appointed Shadow Economic Secretary to the Treasury in 2020 by Keir Starmer. He was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 2021 as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury.

Nick Thomas-Symonds

Nicklaus Thomas-Symonds FRHistS (born 26 May 1980) is a British academic, barrister and politician who has been Shadow Minister without Portfolio since 2023. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Torfaen since 2015.

He was Shadow Home Secretary from 2020 to 2021, and held several junior shadow portfolios from 2015 to 2020. Before his election to Parliament, he was a commercial barrister at Civitas Law. He has written books on Clement Attlee, Nye Bevan and Harold Wilson.

Shabana Mahmood

Shabana Mahmood (born 17 September 1980) is a British politician and barrister who has been the Member of Parliament for Birmingham Ladywood since 2010. A member of the Labour Party, she has served in the Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer as Shadow Secretary of State for Justice from September 2023. She previously served as Campaign Co-ordinator from 2021 to 2023, and briefly as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury in 2015.

John Healey

John Healey (born 13 February 1960) is a British politician who has served as the Member of Parliament for Wentworth and Dearne, formerly Wentworth, since 1997. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Shadow Secretary of State for Defence since 2020.

Healey was Minister of State for Housing and Planning in the Brown Government.

Following the 2010 general election, he was elected to the Shadow Cabinet and was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Health. He stood down from the role in October 2011 and was succeeded by Andy Burnham. He also served as Shadow Secretary of State for Housing from 2016 to 2020 under Jeremy Corbyn, and worked alongside Andrew Gwynne, the Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.

Louise Haigh

Louise Margaret Haigh (/heɪɡ/) (born 22 July 1987) is a British politician serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Transport since 2021. A member of the Labour Party, she was elected as the Member of Parliament for Sheffield Heeley at the 2015 general election, as the youngest Labour member of that parliament. She served as Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2020 to 2021.

Thangam Debbonaire

Thangam Elizabeth Rachel Debbonaire ("née" Singh; born 3 August 1966) is a British Labour Party politician, serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport since 2023. She was previously the Shadow Secretary of State for Housing from 2020 to 2021 and Shadow Leader of the House of Commons from 2021 to 2023. She was elected Member of Parliament for Bristol West at the 2015 general election, when she defeated the incumbent Liberal Democrat MP Stephen Williams.

She was appointed shadow Arts and Culture Minister in January 2016, but resigned on 27 June 2016 owing to her lack of confidence in the Labour Party Leader, Jeremy Corbyn. She rejoined his frontbench team as a whip in October that year, before being made Shadow Brexit Minister in January 2020.

Before becoming an MP, she was a classical cellist, including for the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. She has co-authored two books, and a number of papers, about domestic violence.

Anneliese Dodds

Anneliese Jane Dodds (born 16 March 1978) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician and public policy analyst. She has been Shadow Secretary of State for Women and Equalities, and Chair of the Labour Party since 2021. She was Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer from April 2020 to May 2021, the first woman to hold the position. She has been Member of Parliament for Oxford East since 2017 and was a Member of the European Parliament for South East England from 2014 to 2017.

Born in Aberdeen and privately educated at Robert Gordon's College, Dodds read Philosophy, Politics and Economics as an undergraduate at St Hilda's College, Oxford and subsequently took a master's degree in Social Policy at the University of Edinburgh and a PhD in Government at the London School of Economics. She lectured in Public Policy at King’s College London and Aston University. After joining the Labour Party, she unsuccessfully contested Billericay at the 2005 general election and Reading East at the 2010 general election.

She was elected to the European Parliament at the 2014 European Parliament election. She resigned her South East England seat when she was elected to the House of Commons at the 2017 general election. She served John McDonnell as Shadow Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 2017 to 2020. In this role, she supported calls for a confirmatory referendum on Britain's withdrawal from the European Union. In April 2020, she was appointed Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer by Keir Starmer. She was demoted after the 2021 local elections, and appointed Chair of the Party and Policy Review. She gained the additional Shadow Women and Equalities Secretary brief in September 2021, following Marsha de Cordova's resignation.

She was president of Oxford University Student Union in 1999.

Steve Reed (politician)

Steven Mark Ward Reed OBE (born 12 November 1963) is a British politician who has been Shadow Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs since September 2023. A member of the Labour and Co-operative Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Croydon North since a 2012 by-election.

He was Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government from 2020 to 2021 and Shadow Secretary of State for Justice from 2021 to 2023. Before his election to Parliament, he was leader of Lambeth London Borough Council from 2006 to 2012.

Reed is gay, and married his partner in July 2022.

Peter Kyle

Peter Kyle (born 9 September 1970) is a British politician serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology since 2023. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Hove since 2015.

A former charity sector executive, he previously served as a Shadow Justice Minister from 2020 to 2021 and a Shadow Education Minister in 2021.

Kyle has dyslexia. He is openly gay. For eight years he was in a relationship with Czech man Vlastimil Tiser, until Tiser's death in 2012.

Darren Jones (politician)

Darren Paul Jones (born 13 November 1986) is a British Labour politician serving as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury since 2023. He previously served as Chair of the House of Commons Business and Trade Select Committee from 2020 to 2023. He has been the Member of Parliament for Bristol North West since 2017.

He was a solicitor specialising in technology law, and worked at Womble Bond Dickinson LLP, before becoming an in-house counsel with BT, advising on data, privacy, cyber-security, telecommunications and consumer law.

Sophie Adlersparre

Carin "Sophie" Adlersparre, also known as Esselde (born Leijonhufvud; July 6, 1823 – June 27, 1895), was an important figure in the 19th-century women's rights movement in Sweden. She started and edited the first women's magazine in Scandinavia, "Home Review" ("Tidskrift för hemmet"), from 1859 to 1885. Additionally, she started Friends of Handicraft ("Handarbetets vänner") in 1874, established the Fredrika Bremer Association ("Fredrika-Bremer-förbundet") in 1884. She became one of the first two women to serve on a state committee in Sweden in 1885.

Sophie Adlersparre, born in the Leijonhufvud family, was the daughter of army officer Baron Erik Gabriel Knutsson Leijonhufvud and Sofie Emerentia Hoppenstedt. She took her education at home and later joined the popular Bjurström Pension ("Bjurströmska pensionen") finishing school in Stockholm. In 1869, she married the noble commander Axel Adlersparre (1812–1879) and became the stepmother of his five children. Her husband supported her in her social reform efforts.

Fredrika Bremer influenced Adlersparre's views and she became involved in feminist activites through her friendship with Rosalie Roos. Roos returned to Sweden in 1857 after several years in the United States with a strong interest in women's rights. Their activism was further improved by public discussions about women's rights in Sweden following the publication of Fredrika Bremer's novel "Hertha" in 1856. As a result of this debate, unmarried women were granted legal majority and guardianship was abolished (1858–1863). Additionally, the first state school for women, the Royal Advanced Female Teachers' Seminary ("Högre lärarinneseminariet"), was established in 1861.

In 1859, Adlersparre and Rosalie Roos started "Home Review" ("Tidskrift för hemmet"), the first women's magazine in Scandinavia, with financial support from salon hostess Fredrika Limnell. The magazine provided a platform for discussions on women's rights, gender roles, and feminism in Sweden and quickly gained popularity. Adlersparre, writing under the pen name "Esselde," served as co-editor with Roos until 1868, after which she continued as the sole editor-in-chief. When "Home Review" stopped publication in 1886, Adlersparre became editor-in-chief of the new women's magazine "Dagny" until 1888 and remained on its management until 1894.

Adlersparre's activism focused on women's access to education and employment rather than the right to vote (suffrage), which was given to Swedish women in local elections in 1862. She believed that women's economic independence was very important and supported for their participation in jobs traditionally dominated by men. She famously stated, "Women need work, and work needs women."

For this purpose, Adlersparre started evening lessons for women in 1862 and later founded a successful employment agency in 1863. She also asked the Swedish parliament in 1864 to allow women to study at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts on equal terms with men. This resulted with a reform granting women access to the higher education on the same terms as men. Adlersparre co-founded the Stockholm Reading Parlor in 1866, which gave free access to literature for women and promoted their education and professional opportunities.

Adlersparre's support for women's education contributed to significant reforms, including the establishment of the first state-supported secondary schools for girls in 1874. She also served on the Girl School Committee of 1885 ("Flickskolekommittén 1885"), which proposed reforms to the female education system. As a member of the women's association Nya Idun, founded in 1885, Adlersparre continued to champion women's rights and education throughout her life.

Barelvi movement

The Barelvi movement also known as Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat is a revivalist movement in the Sunni Islam in South Asia. It is influenced by Sufism and named after Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi, a Hanafi Islamic scholar from Bareilly district of Uttar Pradesh. People connected with the movement follows Hanafi and Shafi’i schools of jurisprudence and Maturidi and Ash’ari school of theology.


Kathi caste

Kathi Also called Kathi Darbar is a caste found in the peninsular Kathiawar (now called Saurashtra) region of Gujarat, western India.
In Ain-i-Akbari, Abu'l Fazl has described Kathi as being of Ahir origin. The era known as Kathikanrapasamagatabd was prevalent among the Abhiras, who overthrew the Western Kshatrapas and captured the Kathiawad region during the early decades of the 4th century AD. They were known as Kathikanṛpatis. Probably these Kathikas or Kathis are none other than Abhiras themselves. The name Kathiawad seems to have been derived from the early settlements of Kathikas or Kathis.

Gulkana, Alaska

Gulkana ("C'uul C'ena' " in Ahtna Athabascan) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Copper River Census Area, Alaska, United States. 110 people lived here at the 2020 census. It has also an airport called Gulkana Airport.

Diva (Beyoncé song)

"Diva" is a 2009 song by Beyoncé and is third single from her third studio album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008), along with "Halo". It went to number 1 in Brazil, number 19 in the United States, number 26 in New Zealand, number 40 in Australia, number 50 in Ireland, number 60 in South Korea, number 72 in the United Kingdom and number 73 in the Netherlands.

I Care (Beyoncé song)

"I Care" is a 2012 song by Beyoncé and was taken from her fourth studio album "4" (2011). It went to number 16 in Portugal and number 35 in South Korea. The song is an R&B power ballad, which also has elements of soul and rock.

Bad Liar (Imagine Dragons song)

"Bad Liar" is a 2018 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons and is the fourth single from their fourth studio album "Origins". It topped the single charts in the Czech Republic. It went to the top 10 in Belgium, Finland, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Switzerland and went to the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Germany, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore and Sweden. It charted poorly in Canada and the United States. The music video was released on January 24, 2019. It was directed by Ryan Reichenfeld and was filmed in Nevada.

Linda Martín Alcoff

Linda Martín Alcoff is a philosopher from Latin America and teaches philosophy at Hunter College, City University of New York. She works on social epistemology, feminist philosophy, philosophy of race, decolonial theory, and continental philosophy, particularly Michel Foucault's work. Alcoff has written or edited over a dozen books, including "Visible Identities: Race, Gender, and the Self" (2006), "The Future of Whiteness" (2015), and "Rape and Resistance" (2018). Her writings on public philosophy have appeared in The Guardian and The New York Times.

Alcoff supports for greater inclusion of groups that have always been represented less in philosophy. She claims the contributions of philosophers from these groups create new fields of research, such as feminist philosophy, critical race theory, Latino philosophy, and LGBTQ philosophy. She worked as president of the American Philosophical Association, Eastern Division from 2012 to 2013. In February 2018, she became president of the board of directors of Hypatia, Inc., the organization that manages the feminist philosophy journal Hypatia.

Alcoff was born in Panama, the younger of two daughters to an Irish mother, Laura, and Panamanian father, Miguel Angel Martín, who met while studying at Florida State University. Her father became a professor of history at the Universidad de Panama. When her parents separated, Alcoff moved with her mother and sister to Florida when she was three. In 1980 she got a degree in philosophy from Georgia State University and in 1983 an MA, also in philosophy. She did her doctoral work at Brown University, completed her dissertation under the direction of Ernest Sosa, Martha Nussbaum, and Richard Schmitt and got her PhD in 1987.

After spending a year as assistant professor of philosophy at Kalamazoo College, Alcoff moved to Syracuse University. There, she taught for the next ten years. She became associate professor in 1995 and full professor in 1999. She worked in several positions at Cornell University (1994–1995), Aarhus University (November 1999), Florida Atlantic University (Fall 2000), and Brown University (Spring 2001). She took a position as professor of philosophy and women's studies at Stony Brook University in 2002. In 2009 she became professor of philosophy at Hunter College and the City University of New York Graduate Center.

Alcoff supported making philosophy more diverse. To tackle these challenges, she started the "Pluralist's Guide to Philosophy" with Paul Taylor and William Wilkerson. From 2010 to 2013, she worked as co-editor-in-chief of the feminist philosophy journal "Hypatia" alongside Ann Cudd. She also managed its board of associate editors during the Hypatia transracialism controversy in 2017. Following the debates, a task force was formed to address governance issues within the journal. In February 2018, Alcoff became president of the board of directors of Hypatia, Inc.

Alcoff has explored various topics, including Foucault's ideas, sexual violence, epistemology politics, gender, race identity, and Latino issues. She has authored four books: "Real Knowing: New Versions of Coherence Theory" (1996), "Visible Identities: Race, Gender and the Self" (2006), "The Future of Whiteness" (2015), and "Rape and Resistance" (2018). Additionally, she has edited ten volumes, written numerous peer-reviewed articles, and contributed to many book chapters and encyclopedia entries. Her article "The Problem of Speaking for Others" (1991) in "Cultural Critique" has been widely cited, with nearly 3000 citations according to Google Scholar.

In her book "Visible Identities: Race, Gender and the Self", Alcoff tried to give a detailed understanding of social identity by integrating her previous work in epistemology, metaphysics, and ethnic, racial, and gender politics. She told that geographic location significantly influences social identity beyond other factors, although she doesn't see it as deterministic.

In her article "The Problem of Speaking for Others," Alcoff studied the difficulties of representation when someone speaks on behalf of others, using concepts from social epistemology like social location and identity. She proposes "four sets of interrogatory practices" to guide speaking for others across different social positions: firstly, individuals should question their own motives to ensure they aren't driven by a desire for control. Secondly, they should be aware of the importance of context and location, and they should know how shifting words to another context alters their meaning. Thirdly, accountability and openness to criticism are important. Lastly, individuals must consider the real effects of their words on the discourse and material conditions of those represented.

Alcoff has received with various awards, including an honorary doctorate from the University of Oslo in September 2011. She received the Frantz Fanon Prize for her book "Visible Identities: Race, Gender and the Self" from the Caribbean Philosophical Association in 2009. In 2005, she was recognized as a Distinguished Woman in Philosophy by the Society for Women in Philosophy. Additionally, she held the Meredith Professorship for Excellence in Teaching at Syracuse University from 1995 to 1998. Her contributions to philosophy were further acknowledged when she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2023.


Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad

The Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad was a American railroad company that crossed Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. It was established in 1865 as the Union Pacific Railroad and in 1988 it merged with the Missouri Pacific Railroad, which still exists today.

Florida State Road 822

Florida State Road 822 (Sheridan Street) is a high across south Broward County that connects Southwest Ranches and Hollywood.

Carol Begay Green

Carol Begay Green developed the Navajo Braille System in 2015. Green was a semifinalist for the 2018 Holman Prize for Blind Ambition. She developed Navajo braille with the help of a linguistics researcher from Rice University in 2015. The Navajo Braille Code was approved in 2015 by the Navajo Nation Department of Diné Education.

Green joined the Farmington Municipal School District as a teacher for the visually impaired in 2010. She taught at Red Mesa Elementary School and Nataani Nez Elementary School before 2010. Green teaches the Navajo Braille Code and culture to people aged 3-21.

Green was born into the Tó’Aheedlí-Íníí clan. Her grandmother taught her the Navajo language and culture. Green lost sight in her left eye at age 13. She had cataract surgery in her right eye which led to a further decrease in her vision in 2000. Green graduated from Northern Arizona University in 1991. She received a Master’s degree in Special Education from New Mexico State University. Green found out from the Braille Authority of North America that there was no existing Navajo Braille Code in 2013.

Dana Tanamachi

Dana Tanamachi was born in Houston in 1985. She didn’t spend her early years focusing on her career. 

Tanamachi took drawing and design classes in college. She graduated from University of North Texas in 2007 with a design degree. She moved to New York a few months after graduation. After that, she started working for spot co. There, Tanamachi designed logos, posters, and billboards for Broadway shows.

In 2013, she designed the logo for the Nike women's marathon in San Francisco. She also designed logos for the Nike “Youthful Authentic, Celebration, We Run”. She loved the spotlight when she was famous. Later, she didn't like the spotlight anymore and retired. Then Michelle Obama asked her to collaborate and she came out of retirement.

Elena Zelayeta

Elena Loshuertos Zelayeta was a blind chef who wrote many bestselling cookbooks, starred in her own cooking program, and owned a popular restaurant and popularized Mexican food. 

Zelayeta was born in Mexico, which is where she learned to cook. Her mother taught her to cook at the hotel they owned. She then immigrated to the United States of America at age eleven. 

Zelayeta wrote four cookbooks, a self-help book, and a memoir. She opened a restaurant in her house. It was later reopened to Union Square with the name "Elena’s Mexican Village." She started her own frozen food brand. She had a fifteen minute cooking show called "It’s Fun to Eat with Elena." Zelayeta got scarlet fever when she was an infant. That gradually affected her eyesight, eventually rendering her blind at the age of 37. As she was becoming blind, she was also expecting a second child. She fell into a state of depression after two years of being blind. Zelayeta got so deep into her depression that she attempted to end her life. However, her husband Lorenzo caught her before she could do it. Zelayeta then began to teach herself to cook again. She utilized her sense of touch and smell to help her re-learn cooking.

Zubeida

Zubeida Begum Dhanrajgir (born in 1911) was a Muslim-Indian actress. Her work helped create more opportunities for women in film. She was the first talkie actress in Indian cinema.

Begum was born in Surat, Gujrat. When she was 12 years old, she entered the film industry starting with the movie "Kohinoor". Her mother, Fatima, and her sister Sultana were part of the film industry. Her mom was a director for the movie, "Bulbul-e-Paristan." Sultana and Zebeida both acted in this film.

She debuted on screen when she was 12 for her first film "Kohinoor". She was important in many films like "Veer Abhimanyu", "Kalyan Khajina, Bulbul-e-Paristan, Laila Majnu, Devdasi, Nanand Bhojai, Kala Chor, and Cul-e-sonobar, Zarina." Her last film was "Nirdosh Abla" in 1949. She received awards for acting in the first walkie-talkie film, "Alam-Ara." She passed away on September 21st, 1988.

Carol Chomsky

Carol Chomsky (July 1, 1930-December 19, 2008) was an American linguist and education specialist. She was born in Philadelphia, USA. She passed away from cancer in 2008.

Chomsky was a linguist and education specialist. She wrote the book, "The Acquisition of Syntax in Children from 5 to 10" in 1969. She focused on how language development and exposure to texts were related. She explained how older kids learn different syntactic structures. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1951 with a bachelor’s in French. She received a linguistics Ph.D. from Harvard in 1968. Chomsky then proceeded to work at Harvard Graduate School from 1972 to, when she retired, in 1997. In the late 1970s, she experimented on repeated reading as a learning strategy for children. She focused on making software that helps with skills like reading comprehension after her experiment.

She married her husband, Noam Chomsky in 1949. They both studied linguistics. They both specialized in different branches of it. Noam Chompsky was about to be jailed in the 1960s. Carol Chomsky then decided to continue her education by studying for a Ph. D. at Harvard.

Elizabeth Osifelo

Elizabeth Osifelo was the first female football commentator in the Solomon Islands, originally from Honiara. She was a part of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation International Development (ABCID) department's "Women in News and Sports" WINS program in 2019. She was a co-founder the Solomon Island Sports Journalism Association in 2021. She was already a working journalist, and wrote about politics in college. Osifelo commented during a game for the first Oceania Football Confederation women’s champions league. She was selected to be a part of the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup commentary and mobile journalism training program. Osifelo was at Tavola News during the women's world cup. Osifelo led a mobile storytelling workshop for women’s sports, also sponsored by the WINS program. Before she was a breaking news reporter to cover fast moving destruction.  

Andiswa Gebashe

Andiswa Gebashe is a sign language interpreter for the president of South Africa. She became a household name in South Africa during the COVID-19 pandemic. She was an activist involved in getting South African Sign Language (SASL) adopted as the twelfth official language of the country of South Africa as of July 19, 2023. 

Gebashe grew up in Soweto in the 1990s. Her father is deaf. Her first language was SASL. Gebashe’s father is one of the few deaf stand-up comedians in South Africa, and he also translates music and theater into sign language.

Gebashe has run the consulting and interpreting company Andy Signs Productions for over ten years. 

Gebashe is a sign language interpreter for the president of South Africa. Gebashe specifically interpreted press conferences and announcements about the coronavirus pandemic. She works with Nicoline Du Toit to translate for the President. She has also interpreted for different ministers of government and the Speaker of Parliament. Gebashe works hard to translate in a way that the original speaker would speak. She tries to act similar to the person who is speaking. Gebashe uses clear facial expressions in her work.

Gebashe and Du Toit's interpretation got much attention from the public because their sign language is very expressive. People could see Gebashe making facial expressions that showed how they felt during the pandemic lockdown. People made many memes and music videos using pictures of Gebashe and Du Toit. The memes made them even more popular with people in South Africa and taught people about SASL.

She helps translate stand-up comedy into SASL. Gebashe also hosts The Deaf Comedy Show every month in Johannesburg. Her father also does stand-up comedy.

Dai Le and Frank Carbone Network

The Dai Le and Frank Carbone Network (DLFCN) is an Australian political party that was founded in 2023 by federal MP Dai Le and Fairfield Mayor Frank Carbone.

It was founded as a local party for Greater Western Sydney, a region where the Labor Party is usually dominant depending on what is considered "Western Sydney". It was also founded to oppose the rise of teal independents in the affluent Eastern Suburbs of Sydney. The party plans to run candidates in many seats in Western Sydney at the next federal election.

Dai Le is the current member for the seat of Fowler, a traditionally Labor-held seat that she won as an independent in 2022. She used to be a Liberal councillor on the Fairfield City Council, but in 2016 she was suspended from the party for 10 years after she decided to run for Mayor against the endorsed Liberal candidate. Frank Carbone is the current Mayor of Fairfield. He used to be a member of the Labor Party before he left to become an independent in 2016.

Carbone originally thought of naming the party "A Western Voice".

Polypedates taeniatus

The Bengal whipping frog, Bengal whipping tree frog, or Terai tree frog ("Polypedates taeniatus") is a frog. It lives in India, Nepal, and maybe Bhutan. People have seen them as high as 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grasslands, forests, and places with shrubs. The female frog lays eggs on branches over pools of water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, this frog can die when human beings start fires to kill reeds and from chemicals meant to kill pests.

Christine Hà

Christine Hà is the season three winner on the Fox cooking show, MasterChef. She also received the 2014 Helen Keller personal achievement award from the American Foundation for the Blind. Hà landed 2 James beard award nominations. She is considered one of the most well known Vietnamese chefs in Houston. 

Hà was born in Vietnam, in 1979. She lost her vision at age twenty. This was due to Neuromyelitis optica. She had planned to be a writer. Hà also got a Masters Degree in Writing at the University of Houston. 

Hà now owns her own restaurant, Blind Goat. In addition, she travels the world to speak about experiences. She especially supports the visually impaired and Vietnamese youth. Hà has given multiple TED talks, as well. She launched the “Four Senses” cooking show dedicated to making accessible recipes. Hà was the first ever blind chef on the MasterChef cooking show. During her time at MasterChef, most contestants got canned crab. Hà, on the other hand, got a huge, live crab. Nonetheless, she still took the victory. Many of the judges complimented her on her extraordinary palate.

Pete Namlook

Pete Namlook (25 November 1960 – 8 November 2012) is an German ambient and electronic music producer and composer.


You'll Accomp'ny Me

"You'll Accomp'ny Me" is a 1980 song by Bob Seger. It was taken from his 11th studio album "Against the Wind" and went to number 14 in the United States and number 8 in Canada. It was covered by Frankie Ballad in 2016.

Amlaíb, King of Scotland

Amlaíb mac Illuilb (, 7 September 938 – 26 October 977) nicknamed the Claimant (), the Destroyer (), and the Criminal () was the Disputed King of Scotland from 971 to 977 though he was never crowned. The son of King Indulf of Scotland (Illuilb mac Causantín), Amlaíb was the next in line of succession to his older brother, King Culen (Culen mac Illuilb). 

However, in 971, Culen was killed in a rebellion led by his distant cousin, Cináed mac Maíl Coluim, who immediately took the throne as King Kenneth II. Despite this however, Amlaíb declared himself the rightful king and attempted to overthrow Kenneth and kill him in revenge of what Kenneth did to his brother. Amlaíb and his army successfully captured parts of Scotland.

In July 976, Kenneth II ordered an arrest warrant for Amlaíb charging him with Treason and Crimes against humanity. In an attmept to avoid being arrested, Amlaíb decided to go into exile in England in an attmept to not be imprisoned. 

However, because at that time England had a bad relationship with Scotland, England would brutally torture any Scottish person who would step foot in the kingdom and would immediately imprison or execute them. Thus, Amlaíb decided to go to France. However, just like England, France would capture any Scottish people and would immediately be imprisoned due to the fact that France at that time had a really good relationship with Scotland.

The then-King of France Lothair heard about Amlaíb being wanted and also heard that Amlaíb would come to France. Thus, Lothair ordered an immediate arrest for Amlaíb as soon as he arrives in France. Upon reaching France, Amlaíb was arrested and was taken to Paris where he was imprisoned. In September 977, Kenneth II ordered Lothair to send Amlaíb back to Scotland. Lothair agreed and send Amlaíb back to Scotland by boat to be imprisoned.

On 22 October 977, while sailing past Hastings in England on his way to Scotland to be imprisoned, Amlaíb suffered from Tuberculosis. He immediately annouced that he would give up his claim to the throne so that he would get treatment and that his crimes would be dropped and that his Imprisonment would be cancelled.

The people who was in the boat with Amlaíb notified the then-King of England Edward II about Amlaíb's illness in an attempt to get treatment in Hastings, Sussex. Edward agreed and Amlaíb arrived in Hastings where he got treatment for his illness and successfully recovered his health. Although Amlaíb relinquished his claim to the throne, Kenneth II refused to dropped his crimes due to the damage Amlaíb did to the kingdom. Instead, Kenneth ordered Amlaíb to be executed.

Upon arriving to Scone which was the capital of Scotland at that time on 26 October 977, Amlaíb was captured and was imprisoned for a few hours before his execution started later that day. His will was to be buried in Iona Abbey in Iona alongside his older brother (King Culen) and most of the other early Scottish monarchs. Amlaíb was eventually hanged and died at the age of 39. This officially ended the long six year rebellion in the kingdom and peace was restored in the country. He was buried in his will at Iona Abbey.

Queen Harish

Harish Kumar (Hindi: रानी हरीश) (1979 – 2 June 2019) commonly known as Queen Harish or Rani Harish was a folk dancer and Choreographer. He was from Rajasthan, India. Harish was a person who worked to preserve"(protect something as it was originally)" the lost traditional Rajasthani folk dance. His performances include various Rajasthani folk dances such as Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang and Bhawai.
Harish Kumar was born in 1979 in Jaisalmer, Rajasthan to a family of people who build furniture and other things out of wood. They belonged to the Suthar community. Harish started dancing at the age of 13. His parents died at an early age, so he took up drag dancing, which mostly involves wearing clothes that are commonly associated with the opposite sex. He did it to support his sisters with money. Harish says, "“I am a man, who chooses to dance for a living. That's a reality that I will never ignore. I chose to make the Queen part more regal and not comical.”"

He was inspired by 'Annu Master' who had performed the first drag dance of Jaisalmer region, he started learning drag dance from him. He also practiced American tribal style belly dancing and Dancing in which dancers dance around a vertical pole, to make his body to perform all feminine movements.
Harish has performed Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang, Bhawai, Chari and other folk dances of Rajasthan state in about 60 countries. He also taught Choreography to more than 2,000 dance students in Japan. His performance was one of the highlights of the "Jaipur Literary Mela" which takes place once in a year. He has participated in the "Raqs Congree" in Brussels, the "Belly Dancing Festival" in Seoul and the "Desilicious" in New York City. In 2010, he has appeared in the reality television program 'India Got Talent' and went on to become the semi finalist. He has also appeared in several Bollywood movies such as Upadapdu (2003), Jai Gangajal (2016) and The Accidental Prime Minister (2019). In 2007, he appeared in British Movie director Jasmine Dellal's documentary "When the Road Bends… Tales of a Gypsy Caravan". In association with the government of Rajasthan, he ran a daily evening program in Jaisalmer called "'Queen" "Harish Program"'"." He had also been invited to perform at pre-wedding celebrations in Udaipur in December 2018. In that wedding he was seen dancing with Aishwarya Bachchan's daughter.
Harish was married to a woman and had two sons. On 2 June 2019, He was killed in a road accident on a highway in Kaparda village near Jodhpur in Rajasthan along with 3 other artists when they were travelling with other artists from Jaisalmer to Ajmer in a SUV car. He was 39 years old at the time of his death.
Reacting to his death, the Chief minister of Rajasthan at that time, Ashok Gehlot said, “Harish gave a new identity to Jaisalmer with his different dance style. His death is a big loss to the field of folk art.”

Words (Bee Gees song)

"Words" is a 1968 song written by Bee Gees. It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in the United States, number 9 in New Zealand, number 1 in Switzerland, the Netherlands and Canada and number 13 in Australia. The song was covered by many artists including Rita Coolidge in 1978 and Boyzone in 1996 where it went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Ireland and Lithunia.

In 1996, Irish boy band Boyzone covered "Words" as their lead single from their second studio album "A Different Beat".




Nano Begal

Nano Begal (Khowar: نانو بیگال), meaning "Begal's mother", was a famous and legendary woman from the Chitral kingdom in northwestern Pakistan. Her story is well-known in northern Pakistan, and she is seen as a symbol of bravery among Chitrali women. The tale of Nano Begal began with a rivalry between two great polo players in Chitral: "Jalal Begal", an ordinary man from the valleys, and the ruler of the country, the Mehtar of Chitral. Jalal Begal often defeated the Mehtar in polo matches. Angry about losing, the Mehtar said that if he lost again, he would punish his court members. To stop this, the court decided to kill Jalal Begal while he slept.

The next day, Jalal Begal's mother found her son dead in his room. Instead of going crazy with grief or asking for help to bury him, she dressed like her son in his polo clothes and got his horse ready for the match. With her face covered and keeping her identity hidden, she joined the team and defeated the King again.

The story of Nano Begal began during the 17th century, around the 1620s. There was a about a big competition between two famous polo players from Chitral: Jalal Begal, who was just an ordinary guy from the valleys, and the King of the country, the Mehtar of Chitral. The Mehtar, who was part of the Raess dynasty, kept losing to Jalal Begal in polo matches. He got really angry and said if he lost again, he'd punish his court members. So, the court decided to kill Jalal Begal while he slept.

The next day, Jalal Begal's mother found him dead, covered in blood in his room. But instead of going crazy or asking for help to bury him, she dressed up like him and got his horse, whose name was Bamburush (Khowar: "Thunder"), ready for the match. With her face covered, she joined the team on the polo ground.

When the Mehtar and his team saw Jalal Begal on the ground, they were shocked because they thought they'd gotten rid of him. The match started, and Jalal Begal's mother, pretending to be her son, played really well. The other team didn't know who she really was and thought it was the best performance they'd ever seen from Jalal Begal. So, Jalal Begal's team won again. After the match, she revealed who she was by showing her face. Leaving the ground on her horse, she recited a song, now called "Nano Begal-a" in Chitral.

After the celebration ended, Begal's mother removed her head covering and mask. She rode her horse to where the King was sitting among his players and supporters. While on horseback, she sang a song called "Nano Begaal" or "Mother's Begaal," expressing deep sadness and sorrow:

This song is widely sung in the valleys of Chitral and Nano Begal, the Mother of Begal is seen as a heroic woman and a role model for Chitrali women.

Canal Panda

Canal Panda (formely Panda Club) is a Portuguese television channel launched on 1996
Darangen

Darangen is a long epic poem of the Maranao Muslim people from the Mindanao region of the Philippines. It tells many stories in 17 parts, with 72,000 lines. One important story is about a famous hero, "Bantugan". The word Darangen means "that which is narrated by song or chant" in the Maranao language.

In 2002, Darangen was named a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines. The Lanao del Sur provincial government also called it a Provincial Treasure. UNESCO declared Darangen a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity in 2008. It's the longest epic poem still alive in the Philippines.

Darangen is usually sung or chanted. Sometimes, singers perform parts of it during weddings and celebrations. They use instruments like "kulintang gongs", "Tambor drums", and "kudyapi" stringed instruments. Dancers also act out different parts of the story. Depending on the part being performed, it can last a few hours or even a week. The poem also teaches about Maranao customs, values, and practices of both the Islamic period and from before the Maranao converted to Islam in the 14th century.

The Darangen is a story passed down through generations, not written by a single person. It has 72,000 lines divided into 17 cycles, each telling a different story but connected together. The epic is written in an old version of the Maranao language.

Skilled singers called "onor" memorized the Darangen. It was often sung at night, during weddings, or to lullabies for children. A full performance of the epic takes about a week, but nowadays, shorter performances are more common, lasting a few hours. Singing is accompanied by traditional Maranao instruments like "kulintang gong" ensembles and "Tambor drums".

The Darangen mostly reflects the beliefs of the Maranao people before they became Muslim. Heroes in the story worship and interact with ancestor spirits and nature spirits. For example, "Batara-sa-Marudo", a nature spirit who can control floods and storms.

The main setting of the epic is the city of Bembaran, once a grand city near a river. It's said to have vanished into the sea. The story also talks about relationships between the Maranao people and other groups like the Manobo and the Sama-Bajau.

The Darangen was once only in form of chants and songs. An American missionary and teacher, Frank Charles Laubach, found its value in 1930. He was amazed when Maranao leaders sang it during a boat journey. Laubach decided to write down the epic. He met a nobleman named "Panggaga Mohammad" who helped him. Laubach published part of the Darangen in 1930, making it the first time Maranao songs were written in Latin letters.

Laubach's version was not complete. Later, scholars from Mindanao State University worked on it. They gathered different parts and versions from Maranao elders and handwritten books. It took them ten years. Finally, from 1986 to 1988, they published the whole epic in eight books, in both Maranao and English.

Dances related to the Darangen include:


Eric Balemans

Eric Balemans (17 November 1961 – 2 July 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. He was a member of the House of Representatives between 1998 and 2006.

Balemans died in Utrecht on 2 July 2021, aged 59.

Cecilia Buscarons

Cecilia Beatriz Busqueons Idoyaga ( 1949 Juan Lacaze, Uruguay- 2 ​​July 2020 Barcelona), was a Uruguayan historian and writer .

She was an expert in preventive conservation of heritage and a researcher in feminism. She emigrating from Uruguay. to Barcelona in 1976, with her husband and three children, 



Sister Mary Kenneth Keller

Sister Mary Kenneth Keller (Evelyn Marie Keller) was a computer scientist who created the computer language BASIC.She was also the first female to get a Ph.D. in computer science. Her work focused on making algorithms that performed analytic differential on algebraic equations.

Evelyn Marie Kenneth was born on December 13, 1913.She was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She lived most of her life in Chicago, Michigan, before she went into computer science.

She joined the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary congregation and was assigned 29 years of teaching elementary school and high school. She went to the University of Wisconsin-Madison and became the first woman to have a Ph.D. in computer science halfway through this period. She resumed teaching and took side classes all the while, earning her a B.A. in Mathematical Sciences, a M.S. in mathematics, and a minor in Latin. 

One of her schools was Dartmouth University. She became the first female staff member in their previously male-only computer science center and led it for 20 years. She also taught at Clarke University and established a master’s degree program for computer science there. Another one of her achievements was creating the computer language BASIC. She also created the thesis “Inductive Inference on Computer-Generated Patterns”.

Zuzana Licko

Zuzana Licko (born 1961) is an American font designer and typographer. She created fonts like Citizen and Matrix.

Licko was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. She graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1981 with a degree in Graphic Communications.

Licko started a magazine company called Emigre Graphics with her husband, Rudy VanderLans. Her fonts mainly look bold and geometric. One of her fonts, Matrix, was featured in many commercials. She also designed fonts for the first Apple Macintosh 128k computer. Five of her fonts from Emigre were used in MoMA New York in 2011.

Hansa Jivraj Mehta

Hansa Jivraj Mehta (1897-1995) was a South Asian social activist and feminist. She studied philosophy at Baroda College. She was one of the 15 women in the Constituent Assembly that drafted the Indian Constitution.  Mehta founded the Desh Sevika Dal in 1930. She was arrested for it in 1932. She was the president of India's Women's Conference from 1945-1946. Mehta was an Indian delegate at the United Nations Human Rights Commission from 1947-1948. She was also part of the Fundamental Rights Subcommittee. She was passionate about human rights and fought for continuing education for all genders. Mehta was the vice-chancellor of Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda.

Ángelica Ruiz Robles

Ángela Ruiz Robles (March 28, 1895-October 29, 1975) was a Spanish inventor. She was known for making the first electronic book. Ruiz Robles trained as a teacher at the School of Teachers in León and became manager of the Escuela de Niñas del Hospicio. Robles made inventions to make school work easier as a teacher. Robles founded the Elmaca Academy with her three daughters in the 1940s. The school provided classes about business management. She lived in a place that did not have much modern technology. This made her invention even more interesting. Her most famous invention was the first electronic book called the Enciclopedia Mecanica. The book could show various books in different languages. The e-book could light up at night, recharge, and be used as an audiobook. Robles received patents for her invention but could not secure funding to mass-produce it. She was able to finally create a prototype in 1962. Her work was recognized by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Economy in Spain in 2013.

Kim Ransa

Kim Ransa (1872 - 1919) was a Korean activist and teacher. She was trusted by the Korean king, Gojong. She was also awarded with the Aejok Gang, the Order of Merit for the National Foundation.  Kim was the first Korean woman to study abroad and is known for empowering women through education.

Kim was born in 1872 in Pyongyang, Korea. After she was married she wanted to go to college at Ewha Hakdang, an all girls school founded by Methodist missionaries that is now known as Ewha Womans University. The school would not admit married women. However, Kim convinced the school to let her study, and became a student in 1896 at age 24. Later, she traveled to the US to study at the Ohio Wesleyan University. She is the first Korean woman to study abroad and get a bachelor’s degree.

Kim was a teacher at Ewha Hakdang. She taught students who became activists fighting for Korea's freedom from Japan. Kim led the school's literary magazine, “Imunhoe,” where she talked with students about making life better in Korea. The most famous independence activist she taught was Yu Gwan Sun. Because of her teaching, Kim was a crucial part of the March First Movement. The March First Movement was an important Korean independence movement from Japan. 

In 1995, Kim was recognized with the Aejok Gang, the Order of Merit for the National Foundation given by the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs. This award is for people who helped with independence for Korea. 

Marie Jean Philip

Marie Jean Phillip (1953-1997) was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. She was born to a deaf family. She was an ASL activist and Bilingual-Bicultural pioneer. Philip was rejected from the Clarke School for the Deaf because of her use of sign language. Eventually, she was accepted into the American School for the Deaf.

Marie Jean Philip went to Northeastern University and Gallaudet University to earn a BA degree in linguistics. She went on to be the first deaf researcher and interpreter at Northeastern University after her graduation. Marie started The Learning Center for the Deaf in Massachusetts. She eventually had several programs named after her. Philip unfortunately passed away due to pulmonary embolism.  

Phillip was one of the first people to establish ASL as a recognized language. (2) She still remains an icon to deaf culture for her work and advocacy for ASL to this day.

Nina Otero-Warren

Nina Otero-Warren (1881-1964) was a Hispanic-American suffragist and author who advocated for kids to be able to speak both Spanish and English in Santa Fe schools. 

Otero-Warren was born on October 23, 1881. She grew up speaking both Spanish and English. Otero-Warren went to St. Vincent's Academy in Albuquerque until she was eleven. After that, she attended Maryville College of the Sacred Heart in St. Louis Missouri for two years. Her family were wealthy Hispanics who descended from the original Spanish settlers of New Mexico. 

Otero-Warren was the first Hispanic woman to run for congress under the Republican Party of New Mexico. In 1923, she became the Inspector of Indian Schools. She worked to improve education for Native American students. In 1947, Otero-Warren and her partner, Maime Meadors, established a real estate and insurance company. It is unknown whether Meadors and Otero-Warren were in a relationship. She became the first woman to be the superintendent for Santa Fe public schools, a position she held until 1929. She was even featured on a United States quarter as a part of the American Women Quarters series in 2022.  The American Women Quarters series releases quarters featuring women who changed the nation and the world. 
Otero-Warren died on January 3rd, 1965. 

Isa Fabro

Isa Fabro is an award-winning Filipino-American chef and brand consultant who promotes the influence of Filipino food.

Fabro was born in Winnipeg, Canada. She got a degree in cinema and film at Loyola Marymount University. She worked in the film and music industry in her 20s until she developed a severe illness. She decided to go to culinary school while she was in the hospital.

Fabro has also worked in numerous fine dining restaurants and used to manage the pastry program for all of Centeno’s restaurants. Fabro has a well-rounded education in making a variety of different foods. She has served food at places such as Coachella and a Chinatown Micro Food Festival. She has been featured in many notable newspapers such as the LA Times, New York Times, and The Washington Post. Fabro is a featured chef in the film documentaries “ULAM” and “City of Ghosts”   

Willy Wonka (musical)

Roald Dahl’s Willy Wonka is a play from 2004. It is a musical based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and the movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.

Peter Ash (composer)

Peter Ash is an American musician who wrote operas based on The Fantastic Mr. Fox and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

Ijaw people

Ijaw people are an ethnic group in the southern region of Nigeria. They come from Rivers State, Delta State and Bayelsa State of Nigeria. Most of them live in the riverine communities and they are mainly into fishing. Nigeria's former president Goodluck Jonathan is an Ijaw man from Bayelsa State.

The Golden Ticket

The Golden Ticket is an opera that Peter Ash wrote in 2010. It is based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl.

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (musical)

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a musical that was on the West End and later on Broadway. It is based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl.

Tom and Jerry: Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

Riho Kurogi

Riho Kurogi (born 19 June 1997 ) is a Japanese rugby union player .

She represented Japan at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , where her team placed 12th. 

She represented Japan at the 2017 Asia Rugby Women's Championship.

She played for Morning Bears.

Hausa people

Hausa people are an ethnic group in the northern region of Nigeria. They are one of the three major tribes in the country, the others being the Yorubas and the Igbos. The Hausa people speak the Hausa language.

Houghton-le-Spring

Houghton-le-Spring is a town in the City of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, North East England. In 2001, 36,746 people lived there. The Houghton Feast is an ancient festival which is held every year in October.

Itsekiri people

Itsekiri people are an ethnic group in the southern region of Nigeria. They all come from Delta State and their traditional home is the Kingdom of Warri. The Itsekiri people speak the Itsekiri language. The former CAN president Ayo Oritsejafor is an Itsekiri man from Delta State.

Saint-Amans-Soult

Saint-Amans-Soult is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Amans-Valtoret

Saint-Amans-Valtoret is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-André, Tarn

Saint-André is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Avit, Tarn

Saint-Avit is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Beauzile

Saint-Beauzile is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Benoît-de-Carmaux

Saint-Benoît-de-Carmaux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Christophe, Tarn

Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Cirgue

Saint-Cirgue is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sainte-Cécile-du-Cayrou

Sainte-Cécile-du-Cayrou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sainte-Croix, Tarn

Sainte-Croix is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sainte-Gemme, Tarn

Sainte-Gemme is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Gauzens

Saint-Gauzens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Genest-de-Contest

Saint-Genest-de-Contest is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Tarn

Saint-Germain-des-Prés is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Germier, Tarn

Saint-Germier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Grégoire, Tarn

Saint-Grégoire is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Jean-de-Marcel

Saint-Jean-de-Marcel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Jean-de-Rives

Saint-Jean-de-Rives is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Jean-de-Vals

Saint-Jean-de-Vals is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Juéry, Tarn

Saint-Juéry is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Uranium zirconium hydride

Uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH), is famously a fuel in TRIGA educational reactors. UZrH fuel is used in most educational and research reactors as a result of its material properties making it difficult for it to melt and nearly impossible for it to sustain a high temperature reaction.
Franco-Belge de Fabrication du Combustible, in Romans-sur-Isère, France, is the only manufacturer of this fuel.


TRIGA

Nicole Holliday

Nicole Holliday is an American socio-phonetician and Assistant Professor in the Department of Linguistics and Cognitive Science at Pomona College in Claremont, California. Holliday received her Ph.D. in linguistics from New York University, and her BA in linguistics and Spanish from The Ohio State University. She is also Chair of the Linguistic Society America’s Committee on Ethnic Diversity in Linguistics. 

Holliday’s studies focus on different ways of how people use linguistic variation to construct their social identities and the interaction between what people hear in someone’s voice and the judgments they make about their identity, especially with respect to race. Her Ph.D. dissertation focused on how people with one black parent and one white parent use variation in language to form their own identities. 

Ella Mae Lentz

Ella Mae Lentz (born in Berkeley in the mid-1950s to deaf parents is a deaf American poet, author, and advocate. She graduated from the California School for the Deaf in 1971. She went on to study at Gallaudet University, where she discovered her interest in ASL. She was also awarded the Kappa Gamma Poetry Award from Gallaudet University. She was interested in theater and drama. Later on, she decided not to go for drama and ended up getting into English. She worked at Northeastern University as a research assistant. She was on “Silent Perspectives” in 1974. In 2007, she formed ASL Presents. She has currently done hundreds of presentations about ASL in the US. 

Mary Kawena Pukui

Mary Abigail Kawenaulaokalaniohiiakaikapoliopelekawahineaihonua Pukui (nèe Wiggin) (born April 20, 1895, died May 21, 1986. ) was a native Hawaiian who worked her life to preserve her language and culture. She was born in Hale Ola (her grandmother's home, House of Life), in Hāniumalu Hill, Kaū (in the village of Nāālehu) on the island of Hawaii. Pukui was an author, historian, scholar, and teacher widely credited for enabling the Hawaiian Renaissance of the 1970s.

Pukui was the biracial daughter of Paahana Kanakaole and Henry Nathaniel Wiggins. She married Kaloli Pukui, adopted two girls, and had one other daughter herself. Her relationship with her daughters helped preserve and pass on hula and the Hawaiian language. Her grandmother raised her Hanai style until she was nine. She was taught traditional skills, religion, and language. Pukui grew up with hula because of her grandmother, who was a Hawaiian court dancer. Her grandmother inspired her to honor her heritage and culture.

Pukui was recognized as one of Hawaii's “Living Treasures” in 1976 and was twice honored with awards from the Hawaii Book Publishers Association. She is a Nobel Peace Prize nominee for literature and honorary doctorates. She wrote over 50 books and more than 150 songs, like “Place Names of Hawaii” and the definitive “Hawaiian-English Dictionary”. Pukui worked at the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum and worked on preserving and expanding the Hawaiian language and culture. Her recordings of the language and videos of hula help provide connections for the new generation.


Barbara Liskov

Barbara Liskov (born November 7, 1939) is an American computer scientist and professor.

Barbara Liskov was born in Los Angeles, California. She got her BA in mathematics at UC Berkeley. After she graduated in 1961, she went to work at the Mitre Corporation. After a year, Liskov moved to Harvard and worked on computer translation of human languages. In 1968, she moved back to California and received her PhD in computer science at Stanford University. 

Liskov then moved back to Bedford, Massachusetts to work at the Mitre Corporation. She worked on computer design and operating systems. During that time, she created the Venus Computer, which was specially created to support complex software. In 1971, she took a position at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where she started her work with data abstraction. She developed two programming languages, CLU and Argus. They are used in almost every modern programming language. She later published "Abstraction and Specification in Program Development" (1986) and "Program Development in Java: Abstraction, Specification, and Object-Oriented Design" (2001). In 2008, Liskov won the A.M. Turing Award.

Jean Berko Gleason

Jean Berko Gleason is an American pioneer in the field of children’s language. Gleason was born on December 19, 1931 in Cleveland, Ohio. Her brother had cerebral palsy. Her brother’s condition gave her an interest in language. 

Gleason started her career with studying many languages, but then gained an interest in psycholinguistics. She has a masters and bachelors degree in linguistics at Radcliffe. She has a ph.D in linguistics and social psychology at Harvard. Gleason created the Wug Test. The Wug was created to help understand how young children understand and learn languages. 


Casey Miller

Casey Miller was an American feminist and writer. She was born on February 26, 1919 in Toledo, Ohio.[1] Miller went to Smith college and studied philosophy.[1] After college, she was a lieutenant in the navy during WWII and worked as a cryptographer and code breaker.[3] She worked as the head of the publication department for Colonial Williamsburg.[1] She also worked as the curriculum editor for Seabury Press.[4] Later on, she began to work on trying to fix the language oppression and sexism.[1] She and her partner Kate Swift wrote numerous books like “"The Handbook of Nonsexist Language"”. [1] Her main focus was disrupting linguistic assumptions and stereotypes about women.[1] One of her visions about a language change is that when the gender of someone is unknown, you would use “tey”, “tem” and “ter”.[2] She struggled with chronic obstructive lung disease for eight years, and ultimately died on January 5, 1997.[3]

Sile O'Modhrain

Sile O’Modhrain is a blind Irish professor and braille innovator. She is on a mission to make musical and digital interfaces more tactile. 

O’Modhrain studied for a master’s degree in music technology from the University of New York. She later worked for BBC Network Radio as a studio engineer. O’Modhrain lost her job when BBC changed from tactile to digital editing. She then went on a scholarship at Stanford University’s Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics. She got her PhD. Then Dr O’Modhrain moved on to teach at the Sonic Arts Research Centre at Queen's University Belfast.   Dr. O’Modhrain then directed the Palpable Machines group at Media Lab Europe. 

Dr. O’Modhrain now teaches Performing Arts Technology at the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance at the University of Michigan. Dr. O’Modhrain is unable to access certain things seeing people can. She decided to find a way to help blind people “feel” certain untranslatable things. She has now gone on to design tablets that pop out braille (like little air bubbles). Dr. O’Modhrain also is inventing a moose (an extension to a computer’s mouse). The moose allows people to control their computer through touch. She is working on an iMessaging system allowing you to send touch. Dr. O’Modhrain is also working on developing other tactile interfaces that show physical gestures and feelings.

Kwon Ki-Ok

Kwon Ki-Ok was a Korean activist, aviator, and winner of the Merit for National Foundation. Ki-Ok was born in Pyongyang, South Pyongan on Jan,11th 1901.

Ki-Ok joined a secret society that wanted Korean independence called "송죽회”. Kwon played a big role in the March. 1 Movement by secretly copying the Korean anthem. Ki-Ok was caught giving Kim Jae-Duk a pistol and was sentenced to jail for 6 months. She went to Shanghai, China after her release for Hongdo Girl's Middle School and later went to Unnam Military School. 

She learned to fly a plane in under 9 hours at Unnam Military Aviation School. Japanese authorities tried to have her assassinated by paying a Korean male peer but failed. Ki-Ok continued to be a pilot for 10 more years at the Chinese Air Force. Ki-Ok returned to Korea in 1949 and became the first female publisher in 1966. Kwon received a  presidential citation in 1968, and Order of Merit for the National Foundation, National Medal in 1977. She died on April 19, 1988.


Polypedates megacephalus

The Hong Kong whipping frog, hourglass whipping frog, hour-glass marked tree frog, spot-legged tree frog, Haut Sanuk frog, yellow tree frog, northern tree frog, or big-headed tree frog ("Polypedates megacephalus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, Laos, China, and Hong Kong. People have seen them between 80 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog can live in many different types of places, for example farms and rice paddies. The female frog lays eggs in ponds or rice paddies. She lays them on grass or in a nest made out of mud.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed.

Philosophy of history

Philosophy of history is a branch of philosophy that looks at history, from a philosophical perspective. Voltaire, a French philosopher introduced the term. History is not random. People influence it with their decisions. It follows a plan. There are five large epochs:

Idaho Steelheads

The Idaho Steelheads are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1997 in the West Coast Hockey League (WCHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Boise, Idaho at Idaho Central Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Texas Stars of the American Hockey League (AHL).

In 2003, the WCHL would end up going out of business. The league and the surviving teams in the league, including the Steelheads, would join the ECHL. 

On October 17, 2003, the Idaho Steelheads would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Las Vegas Wranglers 5–3.

The team would be successful in their first season in the league. They finished with 40 wins, 23 losses, and 89 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the Florida Everblades four games to one. In the 2006–07 season, the Steelheads would once again make it to the Kelly Cup Finals. They would win their second Cup when they would defeat the Dayton Bombers four games to one.

The Steelheads and the Dallas Stars are affiliates. The Steelheads were formerly the affiliates of the Phoenix Coyotes.

Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway

The MCPPN are stockpiles of United States Marine Corps weapons, vehicles, ammunition, equipment, and other supplies in Norway that have been located there since 1981. This materiel is stored in caves surrounding the city of Trondheim.

War reserve stock

A war reserve stock is a collection of materiel held in pre-positioned storage to be used in warfighting situations.

The United States maintains many war reserve stocks around the world, mainly in its ally countries.

Mike Mentzer

Mike Mentzer (November 15, 1951June 10, 2001) was an American IFBB professional bodybuilder, businessman and author.

Mentzer was born in Pennsylvania. He started bodybuilding when he was 11 years old. He won several amateur bodybuilding competitions before turning professional in 1979, including the 1976 Mr. America title and the heavyweight division of the 1978 IFBB Mr. Universe. In late 1979, he won the heavyweight class of the Mr. Olympia, but lost in the overall to Frank Zane. In the 1980 Mr. Olympia he placed fourth in a tie with Boyer Coe behind Arnold Schwarzenegger, Chris Dickerson and Frank Zane.

Sacca (Venice)

A Sacca (Italian for Sack or Bag) is an inlet, bay, or cove along a canal. It is usually in the context of the Venetian Lagoon; the word Sacca is used when talking about bays, inlets, and coves in canals in the Venetian Lagoon.

An example is the "Sacca della Misericordia", in the district of Cannaregio in Venice. It is now used as a dock for boat storage.

These coves have been often used as deposits of gunk coming from canal excavation and crushed-up building material. This has formed artificial islands. Examples of this are Sacca Sessola, Sacca Fisola, and Sacca San Biagio.

UPC Switzerland

UPC Switzerland is a Swiss television provider.

UPC Switzerland broadcast over
language provider satellite for channels of French, German and Romansh.

UPC Switzerland was founded in 1994, which beguns cable channel, IPTV and such as others

On May, 23 2022, UPC Switzerland is begin closed and defunct.

A Different Beat (song)

"A Different Beat" is a 1996 song by Irish boy band Boyzone and is the title track to their second studio album "A Different Beat". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 2 in Ireland, number 42 in Australia and number 36 in Iceland.




Tulsa Oilers

The Tulsa Oilers are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1992 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Tulsa, Oklahoma at BOK Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the San Diego Gulls of the American Hockey League (AHL).

During their time in the CHL, the Tulsa Oilers would win one Ray Miron Cups. They would win the Cup in 1993, becoming the very first winners of the Cup. They defeated the Oklahoma City Blazers four games to one.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Oilers, Allan Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 24, 2014, the Tulsa Oilers would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeat the Allen Americans 9–6.

On July 1, 2020, the Oilers and the Anaheim Ducks announced their affiliation. The Oilers were formerly affiliates of the Winnipeg Jets and St. Louis Blues.

Canal+ Cinéma(s)

Canal+ Cinema(s) is a French television channel launched on 2005
Canal+ Cinéma(s) was launched on 1996, it broadcast films

In 2004, Canal+ Cinéma(s) is available on TNT

On October, 12 2010, Canal+ Cinéma(s) available a high-definition channel.

Empty

Utah Grizzlies

The Utah Grizzlies are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1992 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in West Valley City, Utah at Maverik Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Colorado Eagles of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team first started in 1981 as the Nashville South Stars in the Central Hockey League (CHL). They would last a year before moving to Vinton, Virginia to become the Virginia Lancers as a part of what would become the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL). Throughout the years, the name would go through many different names including the Roanoke Valley Rebels from 1990 until 1992, Roanoke Valley Rampage from 1992 until 1993, Huntsville Blast from 1993 until 1994, Tallahassee Tiger Sharks from 1994 until 2001, Macon Whoopee from 2001 until 2002, and the Lexington Men O' War 2002 until 2003.

The Utah Grizzlies name was also used for a team in the International Hockey League (IHL) and American Hockey League (AHL) from 1995 until 2005. 

On October 21, 2005, the Utah Grizzlies would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeat the Phoenix Roadrunners 4–2.

On June 28, 2018, the Grizzlies and the Colorado Avalanche announced their affiliation. The Oilers were formerly affiliates of the New York Islanders, Calgary Flames, and Anaheim Ducks.

Sky Fox

The Sky Fox (Chinese: 天狐")" or the Celestial Fox, is a divine creature found in East Asian stories. When a fox spirit reaches 1,000 years old and grows its ninth tail, it becomes a golden-colored sky fox, the most powerful form of the fox spirit, and goes up to the heavens. In its celestial form, it can see thousands of kilometers ahead.

Legend says there are three ways for a fox to gain wisdom. First, it might accidentally swallow valuable treasures. Second, it could find a peaceful place to grow spiritually. Third, it could learn from a Taoist monk or master to develop special abilities.

The stories of foxes with many tails come from ancient China. A book called "Xuanzhongji" from the Jin dynasty tells that when a fox turns fifty, it can change into a woman. At one hundred years old, it can become very wise and know things happening far away. People might get confused by its kindness and charm. When it reaches one thousand years old, it becomes a Sky Fox.

There are three ways for a fox to become wise. First, it might accidentally swallow valuable treasures. Second, it could find a peaceful place to grow spiritually. Third, it could learn from a Taoist monk or master.

Every one hundred years, a big event happens. If a fox can handle it well, it grows a new tail. Only a few foxes reach the stage of having nine tails. When a fox is one thousand years old, it becomes a Thousand-Year Heavenly Fox and gets recognized by the Heavenly Court.

The Youyang Zazu talked about the Sky foxes being connected to the divine; he says that these foxes have nine tails and are golden in color. They work in the Palace of the Sun and Moon. They have their own special talisman and a ritual. They can go beyond yin and yang.

In Japan during the Edo period, Tenko foxes were thought to be the highest rank. They were ranked as tenko, kūko, kiko, and yako. There was also a belief that tenko and tengu, a kind of mythical creature, were the same.

In some places like Fushimi Inari-taisha and Ojika, Nagasaki, foxes are worshipped as divine messengers. They are believed to have special powers, like divination.


List of fish of Montana

This is a list of fish in Montana. Species are listed by common name and scientific name.



























Wichita Thunder

The Wichita Thunder are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1992 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Wichita, Kansas at Intrust Bank Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League (AHL).

During their time in the CHL, the Wichita Thunder would win two Ray Miron President's Cups. Their wins would be in back-to-back seasons in 1994 and 1995. In 1994, they would defeat the Tulsa Oilers four games to zero. In 1995, they would defeat the San Antonio Iguanas four games to two.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Thunder, Allen Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, and Tulsa Oilers would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 25, 2014, the Wichita Thunder would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Allen Americans 5–3.

Piring dance

The Piring dance (Jawi: تاري ڤيريڠ), also called the Plate dance, is a traditional dance from West Sumatra, Indonesia, also done in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. In this dance, performers, whether they're women, men, or couples, hold plates in both hands and move them quickly in different patterns.

The dance shows how well the dancers can balance and move the ceramic plates without dropping or breaking them. Sometimes, candles are put on the plates, this is known as the "Tari lilin" or Candle dance version. Dancers hold the plates firmly at the bottom and swing them fast to keep them from falling.

While dancing, the performers tap their plates with a ring on their fingers, making rhythmic sounds. It's often performed as a way to welcome guests and honor elders at traditional events. Along with other traditional dances like "randai" and "saman", the Piring dance is also popular at festivals outside Indonesia, helping to share Indonesian culture and attract tourists.

Traditionally, this dance comes from Solok, West Sumatra in Indonesia. According to the old stories, the Piring dance was part of ceremonies celebrating fertility. It's also a traditional art with lots of beauty and deep cultural meaning. People used to perform this dance to thank the gods after a good harvest. During this ritual, they carry offerings like food on plates and move around with lively steps.

After Islam came to the Minangkabau region, the Piring dance stopped being used for thanking gods. Instead, it became a form of entertainment at public events.

In the Piring dance, dancers usually hold two plates in their hands. They move the plates quickly, making a sound with rings on their fingers touching the plates. At the end of the dance, they often break the plates on the floor and dance on them. Usually, there are an odd number of dancers, ranging from three to seven.

Dancers wear bright clothes, mostly in red and yellow, and headgear. The dance is accompanied by music from talempong and saluang instruments. The music starts slowly and then speeds up gradually.

There are different musical instruments used in Minangkabau culture and during the Piring dance:


These musical elements create an interesting and enjoyable atmosphere for listeners.

Dabke

Dabke (Arabic: دبكة) is a traditional folk dance from the Levantine region in the Middle East. It started in the region that includes Palestine, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria. The word "Dabke" comes from the Levantine Arabic word "dabka", which means "punching of the feet" or "to make a noise". It involves repeated pattern of movement or sound. It is performed in a group by men or women, mostly at weddings, celebrations, and cultural events. Dabke is a important part of the cultural heritage of these countries, reflecting their history, traditions, and community. It brings people together and celebrates their shared identity and joy.

Dabke dance has a rich history that dates back centuries in the Levantine region of the Middle East, especially in countries such as Palestine, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria. It started as a traditional folk dance among communities living in these mountainous areas. Palestinians who study and document traditional ways of celebrations like Abdul-Latif Barghouthi and Awwad Sa'ud al-'Awwad believe that the jumps in dabke dance might have started long ago in ancient Canaanite rituals. These rituals were about helping the crops to grow, scaring away the bad spirits, and keeping the plants safe.

The dance is characterized by rhythmic stomping of the feet, organised movements, and energetic footwork. It features both the circle dance and line dancing. Dabke is usually performed along with traditional music, including drums, flutes, and other instruments. The movements of the line are led by a "laweeh", a dancer who leads and starts the changes in line formation, and who is followed by a chorus.

Dabke can be performed indoors or outdoors, on a stage or just on the ground. The dance has different steps called belbel, inzel, shemmel, etc. People do a mix of these steps, along with some jumps and turns, to complete the dance.

Different types of dabke can be found across different regions and communities. In Lebanon, "Dalouna" is the most common type of dabke. It has six beats and is usually accompanied by a minjeira (flute) or mizmar (copper flute) and darbuka (goblet drum). Jordanian dabke often features slower, more calculated movements, reflecting the country's Bedouin heritage.

Despite these variations, dabke remains a cultural symbol and popular practice that unites people who have grown up in the Levant.

On 7 August 2011, a group in the Lebanese village of Dhour El Choueir set a new world record. Organized by the Dhour El Choueir Summer Festival, a human chain of 5,050 was made and currently holds the world record in the Guinness Book of World Records.


Naija

Naija is a large group of closely related Nigerian ethnic groups native to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. As such, "Naija" are a mixed ethnolinguistic group with a shared ethnogenesis that speak a multitude of languages.

"Naija" is usually used to address, describe or refer to only the native population of Nigeria. It is different from the demonym "Nigerian", which refers to any citizen of Nigeria, regardless of their origin or ethnicity.

"Naija" is a word of recent origin, and simply means "of the river Niger area".

OCS (TV channel)

OCS is a French pay television channel launched in 2009 and operated by Orange S.A.. OCS Go, which became known as OCS in 2019, had its programming through exclusive contracts with Warner Bros., HBO, MGM, and Fidelity. It also had programming provided by other contracts there were available to other channels from Gaumont, SND, BAC, and Wild Side. On January 8, 2023, Canal+ Group stated they had acquired both OCS and its production company, Orange Studio, that was previously owner by Canal+.

This list includes programs from "OCS Happy" who have been moved to "OCS Max".


Gabriela Rodríguez de Bukele

Gabriela Roberta Rodríguez de Bukele (born 31 March 1985) is a Salvadoran educator and prenatal psychologist serving as the first lady of El Salvador since 2019 as the wife of President Nayib Bukele. She is also a professional ballet dancer and is part of the dance company Fundación Ballet de El Salvador.

Gabriela Roberta Rodríguez Perezalonso was born on 31 March 1985 in San Salvador. She is the youngest of four daughters and her husband has claimed she has Sephardic Jewish ancestry. 

Her father is José Roberto Rodríguez Trabanino, a Salvadoran investor, while her mother, Arena Perezalonso de Rodríguez, is a Nicaraguan who served as a member of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in El Salvador. 

She showed an interest in ballet at an early age and joined the dance company Fundación Ballet de El Salvador.

Rodríguez has a doctorate in prenatal psychology. She founded PrePare in October 2010, the country's first center of prenatal teaching, of which she is the director. Rodríguez is also the regional representative to the Association For Prenatal And Perinatal Psychology And Health.

Rodríguez is a professional ballet dancer and part of the dance company Fundación Ballet of El Salvador. She began dating Bukele in 2004 and they married on 6 December 2014 in a private ceremony in El Boquerón, San Salvador. She announced her pregnancy days before Bukele won the presidential elections. Their first child, Layla, was born on 15 August 2019. Their second child, Aminah, was born on 8 November 2023.

University of Edinburgh School of History, Classics and Archaeology

The University of Edinburgh School of History, Classics and Archaeology is a school of the University of Edinburgh and the university's College of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences (CAHSS). It has three divisions: history, classics, and archaeology. There are approximately 600 graduate students and 1500 undergraduate students. 



Olly Alexander

Oliver Alexander Thornton (born 15 July 1990), better known as Olly Alexander, is an English singer and actor from Harrogate. He was the lead singer of the band Years & Years from 2010 to 2021. He continued releasing music under the name 'Years & Years' until 2023.

Alexander has also made several television appearances including performing the lead role in the Channel 4 series "It's a Sin" and is going to represent the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2024 with the song "Dizzy". 

Enterprise, Nevada

Enterprise is an unincorporated town in the Las Vegas Valley in Clark County, Nevada, United States. 221,831 people lived here at the 2020 census. This is up from 14,676 people at the 2010 census. It was founded on December 17, 1996.

Spring Valley, Nevada

Spring Valley is an unincorporated town and census-designated place (CDP) in Clark County, Nevada, United States. 215,597 people lived here at the 2020 census. This is up from 178,395 people at the 2010 census. Spring Valley was founded in May 1981.

Saint-Julien-du-Puy

Saint-Julien-du-Puy is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Julien-Gaulène

Saint-Julien-Gaulène is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Lieux-lès-Lavaur

Saint-Lieux-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Marcel-Campes

Saint-Marcel-Campes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Martin-Laguépie

Saint-Martin-Laguépie is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Michel-de-Vax

Saint-Michel-de-Vax is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Michel-Labadié

Saint-Michel-Labadié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Salvador, Lanao del Norte

Salvador is a municipality in the province of Lanao del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 32,115 people lived there.

Beerichthys

Beerichthys ingens is an extinct, prehistoric louvar from the Ypresian London Clay fauna of Eocene England. It is known from incomplete skulls.


Saman dance

The Saman dance, also known as the Dance of a thousand hands, is a traditional dance of the Gayo people from Aceh province in Indonesia. People often perform it during special festivals or events like Mawlid, the Prophet Muhammad's birthday. The dance is a way to share Islamic teachings and do "Dawah" (Islamic preaching).

The dance is known for its fast rhythm and how well the dancers move together. In Saman, dancers clap their hands and chests. These movements are important in Saman and make it famous and easy for people to learn. Saman is the most popular dance form in Indonesia.

In 2011, UNESCO recognized Saman as an important part of Aceh's culture and declared it an Intangible cultural heritage. The dance also won an award from the ASEAN Tourism Association for its role in preserving cultural heritage.

The word "Saman" comes from Sheikh Saman, a famous Islamic teacher from Gayo in Aceh. He learned about old Malay practices like "Ratib"; a form of Sufi chanting, and made a dance, now called the Saman dance, to share Islam's teachings in Gayo, Aceh, Indonesia. The Saman Dance uses Islamic poems in the Gayo language.

The Saman dance is done by a group of people without using musical instruments. It used to be only men who did this dance, but now women do it too. They sing songs and move in interesting ways while they dance. A short song, followed by a short dance, can last for about 15 to 20 minutes.

During a typical Saman dance, the dancers line up on stage and sit in a special way. Then, a singer starts singing, often talking about Gayo and Islamic culture. The dancers move their hands in time with the music. The moves in a Saman dance are led by a leader called "Sheikh". As the dance goes on, they start moving their arms, heads, and bodies too. The speed gets faster, and sometimes they change how they're sitting. The important thing is that every dancer moves together, making a smooth, continuous flow of movement. What's interesting is that the original Saman dance from "Gayo Lues" doesn't use any musical instruments.

While they dance, everyone says Islamic poetry together. The dancers are usually young men wearing traditional Gayonese clothes. Sometimes, the dance is like a contest between two groups, with each group trying to do the same moves, dances, and songs as the other group.

Everus

Everus is a Chinese manufacturer of passenger cars, and then electric crossovers based in Guangzhou, operating since 2008. The brand belongs to a Sino-Japanese joint venture between GAC Group and Honda.

In 2008, joint venture Guangqi Honda between the Chinese car company GAC Group and the Japanese Honda decided to create a new brand, Everus, with the Chinese. The study announcement of the branch's first vehicle was the Li Nian Concept prototype in the form of a crossover presented in 2008 at the Guangzhou Auto Show, and two years later a second concept car was presented in the form of a 4-door sedan.

In April 2011, Everus presented the first production car in the form of urban sedan S1 developed as a twin to the Honda City. The model was sold exclusively on the Chinese market until 2014, after which the company temporarily disappeared from the market due to the lack of new products.

The announcement of Everus' return to the market, this time under a completely new form of the electric cars brand, was the Everus EV Concept study presented in April 2018 at the Beijing Auto Show. In November of the same year, a serial version of the model was presented, which was a twin design of Honda HR-V called Everus VE-1.

The S1 was the first concept car available for sale. It is a of the 4th generation Honda City sedan, which was launched in April 2011.

This is an ultra-compact electric CUV based on Honda Vezel, which was previously previewed as the Everus EV concept car.The car was jointly developed by Honda and GAC Honda. It is equipped with a 53.6 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery (NCM622) in the European new driving cycle, with a cruising range of . It is driven by an electric motor with a power of , the torque is .

The EV SUV concept car made its debut at the 2018 Beijing Auto Show.

Sehol

Sol - a Chinese manufacturer of electric crossovers based in Hefei operating since 2018. The brand belongs to a Sino-Spanish joint-venture between the JAC Motors concern and the SEAT company.

In April 2018, during the Beijing Auto Show, the premiere of the new electric cars Sol brand took place, which was established on the initiative of joint-venture between the Chinese concern JAC Motors and belonging to Volkswagen and the Spanish brand SEAT. The name 'Sol' comes from the Spanish word meaning 'sun', which refers to the origins of the brand's co-founder and renewable energy sources. 

Originally, SEAT planned to start selling on the Chinese market under its own name, but this was opposed by the Chinese government, which co-owns the associated with JAC Motors. It was decided to implement SEAT technology under a new brand, which resulted in the creation of Sol.

The first model presented during the brand's premiere and so far the only one in the Sol portfolio is the electric city crossover E20X combining the stylistic features of SEAT vehicles with its twin model from the co-owner of the branch, JAC Refine S2.

From 2020, JAC began to rename Jiayue series products to Sol. The result was Sol A5, Sol X4, Sol X7, and Sol X8. The rebranding is actually a move to bring all sedans and crossovers under the Sol brand and keep the Refine brand with the MPV. 

As of 2021, Sol was renamed into Sehol.

In 2023, several Sehol models such as the QX, A5 and X8 were rebranded to the JAC brand. JAC revealed that it has decided to phase out the Sehol brand in the future.




Adel Karam

Adel Karam (; born 20 August 1961) is a Lebanese actor, comedian and TV presenter.

Karam started his acting career with the comedy show "S.L.CHI" at MTV Lebanon in 1980s, which later became a film, "S.L.Film", in 1989. He later starred in comedy shows such as: "La Youmal" at Future TV and "Mafi Metlo" at MTV Lebanon.

He also acted in films and TV series such as: "Caramel", "Where Do We Go Now?", "The Insult", "Dollar", and "Perfect Strangers". In addition, he hosted talk shows: "Hayda Haki" (2003–2007) and its spiritual successor "Beit El Kell".

68th Academy Awards

The 68th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1995 in the United States and took place on March 25, 1996, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as "Oscars") in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by David Salzman and Quincy Jones and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 66th ceremony in 1994. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Richard Dreyfuss.

"Braveheart" won five awards, including Best Picture. Other winners included "Apollo 13", "Pocahontas", "Restoration", and "The Usual Suspects" with two awards and "Anne Frank Remembered", "Antonia's Line", "Babe", "A Close Shave", "Dead Man Walking", "Leaving Las Vegas", "Lieberman in Love", "Mighty Aphrodite", "One Survivor Remembers", "", and "Sense and Sensibility" with one. The telecast garnered almost 45 million viewers in the United States.

Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport

Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport is an airport in southeastern Romania. It is in the commune of Mihail Kogălniceanu. The airport includes the 57th Air Base of the Romanian Air Force.

Bestune

Bestune is a Chinese manufacturer of passenger cars and SUVs based in Changchun, operating since 2018. It belongs to the Chinese concern FAW Group.

In 2006, the Chinese automotive concern FAW Group created a new model line FAW Besturn, targeting upper-middle-class customers. The first model to join the sub-brand was the mid-size limousine Besturn B70, which gained great popularity among customers in the Chinese market. 

The market success of the first model from the Besturn model line encouraged FAW to expand its offer with further models, including both sedans positioned below B70, as well as above his, as well as the first SUV in the form of the X80 model presented in 2013. The next and last premiere in the FAW Besturn model line was the small crossover X40, which hit the market in 2017. Despite the expansion of the range, the popularity of the Besturn series models did not meet the expected goals of the FAW Group concern and began to decline. 

At the end of 2018, a decision was made to liquidate the Besturn model line under the FAW brand, creating a completely new brand Bestune. The manufacturer gave it its own logo, as well as a new stylistic language and a different naming order. The first model of the Bestune brand was presented in the fall of 2018 SUV T77 developed in partnership with the electronics giant Xiaomi, and in the following years, the offer was expanded to include further SUVs under the name T33, T55 and T99. 

In 2020, the range was completed by the B70 limousine being a continuation of the model from the former FAW Besturn B70 line, as well as the first electric car in the form of crossover E01. In 2021, the manufacturer expanded its presence in the range of electric cars with another vehicle - minivana E05, later renamed Bestune NAT. 2022 brought the presentation of a fastback based on the B70 as a response to models such as Citroën C5X or Ford Evos in the form of Bestune B70S.

At the end of 2022, Bestune rebranded, presenting a new company logo and a refreshed stylistic language of its models. The first vehicles covered by the new tactics were the modernized T77 and T99 SUVs. The third model from the revised range is a new design and the first premiere of 2023, a large minivan M9 developed together with the sister brand Hongqi. After the pre-production presentation of a family of personalized prototypes in April 2023, the market debut of the production Bestune Pony took place in August of the same year. The electric microcar was created as a response to, among others, Wuling Hongguang Mini EV.

Below are tables showing sales of Bestune models from the last couple of years. 


Niharika Chouksey

Niharika Chouksey is an Indian actress. She made her television debut in 2021 by playing role of Nishtha Birla in "Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai". In 2022, She also played the lead role of Faltu Singh Mittal in "Faltu". Currently she is playing lead role of Sunaina in new television series "Aaina - Roop Nahin, Haqeeqat Bhi Dikhaye".

Niharika was born and raised in Burhanpur, Madhya Pradesh, India. She is pursuing arts and Information technology in Thakur Ramnarayan College of Arts.


On Top of the World

"On Top of the World" is a 2013 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons. It is from their major-label debut EP "Continued Silence" (2012) and later on their debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012). It went to number 3 in Belgium (Wallonia), number 4 in South Africa, number 6 in Austria, number 10 in Australia, Italy and New Zealand, number 11 in Belgium (Flanders), number 13 in Germany, number 14 in the Netherlands and Switzerland and number 21 in the Czech Republic and Spain. It charted poorly in the United States where it made #79. The song was used on the soundtrack of the video game "FIFA 13".

Gandrung

Gandrung (Javanese: ꦒꦤ꧀ꦝꦿꦸꦁ) is a traditional dance from Indonesia. It is popular in Bali, Lombok, and Eastern Java among the Sasak, and Javanese people. The most famous is from Banyuwangi in Eastern Java, where the city is sometimes called ""the city of gandrung"". Originally, it was a dance for the rice goddess, but now it is more of a cultural dance than religious since the Javanese and Sasak people became Muslims in the 16th century.

Nowadays, Gandrung is danced at social events or for tourists. During the dance, traditional music is played, similar to the gamelan (Orchestra), with instruments like violins, gendangs, bonang, gongs, and xylophones. A singer usually sings with the music.

"Gandrung" comes from the Javanese word for "love". It is believed the dance began as a way to show love for the rice goddess "Dewi Sri" and as a fertility dance. But now, especially among Muslim Javanese and Sasak, it is more of a social and cultural dance. The dance is now about a girl searching for love, and is no longer for the rice goddess.

Gandrung is often danced all night from around 9 p.m. until just before sunrise. Sometimes, it's performed for tourists in Bali or Grajagan Bay in Banyuwangi. People also dance it at special events like weddings or circumcisions.

The main dancer, called the gandrung, is usually a young unmarried girl or sometimes a boy dressed as a girl. They wear traditional clothes with a fan, shawl, and fancy headgear. Sometimes, there's more than one gandrung dancer.

At the start, the dancers are on the side of the stage with the music group. When the music begins, they dance to the center. If a dancer sees someone in the audience they want to dance with, they throw their shawl to them, inviting them onstage. Then, they dance together. After dancing, the audience member often gives a small amount of money.

Gandrung is also a way for boys and girls in central and eastern Lombok to show affection. They dance it outside in a circle. Similar dances are seen in other parts of Indonesia like ronggeng, tayuban, jaipongan, and joged.

Gandrung is danced to music played by a traditional group. This group usually has violins, drums, gongs, and xylophones. A singer sings during the dance. Also, every performance needs a "panjak", also known as a pengudang or encourager. Their job is to cheer on the dancers and add some fun to the show. Sometimes, the kluncing player takes on this role.

Different places have their own bands for the dance, like in Banyuwangi, Bali, and Lombok. The music might vary a bit depending on where it's played. People say the music is lively and natural. Many anthropologists have recorded the Gandrung music.

Preston, Missouri

Preston is a village in Hickory County, Missouri, United States.

Saint-Paul-Cap-de-Joux

Saint-Paul-Cap-de-Joux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Big Lake, Missouri

Big Lake is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Bigelow, Missouri

Bigelow is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Corning, Missouri

Corning is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Fortescue, Missouri

Fortescue is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Brandsville, Missouri

Brandsville is a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.

Mountain View, Missouri

Mountain View is a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.

Willow Springs, Missouri

Willow Springs is a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.

You Can Win If You Want

"You Can Win If You Want" is a 1985 song by German pop duo Modern Talking and is the second and final single from their debut studio album "The 1st Album". It topped the single charts in Austria and Germany and made the top 10 in Belgium, Denmark, France, the Netherlands, Portugal, South Africa, Spain and Switzerland. It did poorly in the United Kingdom where it made #70.



The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny

The ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny, or just the ultimate showdown, is a flash animation and song by Lemon Demon, and altffour in December 22nd, 2005.

The fight is started by Godzilla 'hopping' around Tokyo, Japan, and Batman 'burst from the shade' and proceeded to hit Godzilla with a bat grenade, then Shaq blocks him and 'opens up a can of Shaq-Fu'. Then a lot of people (eg. Jackie Chan, Abraham Lincoln, etc.) start fighting.

Chuck Norris eventually flies down from Heaven, and delivering a kick, that could 'shatter bones', into the crotch of Indiana Jones, and kills Batman, who is now Bruce Wayne. Soon on, 19 characters kill Chuck.

Around 50 people or things are depicted.

The fight is said to have gone on for a century, and the 'bloodiest battle' the world ever saw, and the winner is Mister Rogers, in a blood stained sweater, who soon stabs himself in the stomach.

Polypedates braueri

The white-lipped tree frog, Java tree frog, upland tree frog, or Taiwan whipping frog ("Polypedates braueri") is a frog. It lives in China, Vietnam, Taiwan, Thailand, and India. Human beings brought them to Guam by accident. People have seen them between 0 and 2200 meters above sea level.

This frog can live in forests, in fruit tree farms, and in bamboo. The female frog makes a nest out of foam on a plant over a pool and lays 400-500 eggs at a time. These frogs can lay eggs over many types of water, but they like shallow water with many plants the most.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed. The frogs that live in Taiwan may be threatened by "Polypedates megacephalus", which humans brought to Taiwan.

Henri Bernadotte

Henri Bernadotte (Pau, October 14, 1711 - March 31, 1780) was a French lawyer. He is known for being the father of Charles XIV John of Sweden and predecessor of the current Swedish royal family.

Mandola

The mandola is similar to a mandolin. The mandolin is tuned to the same notes as a violin (G3-D4-A4-E5). The mandola is tuned to the same notes as a viola, replacing the high E with a low C (C3-G3-D4-A4).

List of governors of Greenland

This is a list of governors of Greenland. The position was established, after the positions of inspectors of Greenland was abolished.
Claus Paarss 1728-1730

Poul Hansen Egede (1730–1789)
Philip R. Rosendahl 1925–1939

Eske Brun 1939-1945

Carl Frederik Bistrup Simony 1945-1950

Poul Hugo Lundsteen 1950-1960

Niels Otto Christensen 1960-1973

Hans Lassen 1973-1979
Jonathan Motzfeldt 1979-2002

Hans Enoksen 14 December 2002 – 12 June 2009

Kuupik Vandersee Kleist 12 June 2009 – 5 April 2013

Aleqa Hammond 5 April 2013 – 30 September 2014

Kim Kielsen 30 September 2014 – 23 April 2021

Múte Bourup Egede 23 April 2021-

Major Claus Enevold Paarss

Major Claus Enevold Paarss (18 February 1683 – 26 May 1762) was a Danish military officer and official. Retired from service, he was appointed governor of Greenland by King Frederick IV between 1728 and 1730.

Duck and Cover (movie)

Duck and Cover is a United States civil defense movie for children from 1951. Like civil defense training movies for adults, this movie was prepared for children and was widely shown to United States school children in the 1950s. It teaches students what to do in the event of a nuclear explosion. The movie shows an animated tortoise named Bert the Turtle and schoolchildren who show how to protect oneself from a nuclear explosion by using the duck and cover position.

At the time, there was a Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States, and their relations were bad. This fear, mistrust and perceived threat between the two countries, led to an arms race with more modern weapons, and especially to a nuclear arms race with nuclear weapons, which they often tested. This led to a fear of World War III, which could be a nuclear war. The United States was also fighting the Soviet Union's allies North Korea and China in the Korean War. The Cold War also led to the Second Red Scare in the United States.

The movie was funded by the United States Federal Civil Defense Administration, was filmed in 1951 and was released in January 1952. The movie was written by Raymond J. Mauer, directed by Anthony Rizzo of Archer Productions, narrated by actor Robert Middleton and made with the help of schoolchildren from New York City and Astoria, New York.

The movie is in the public domain and is widely available on the Internet, on websites such as YouTube. The movie is also available on DVD.

In 2004, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."


Speedy (DC Comics)

Speedy is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the sidekick to Green Arrow and a member of Team Arrow. Originally Speedy was Roy Harper, the legal ward of Oliver Queen. As a young super-hero, he fights crime using martial arts and trick arrows. Eventually he would out-grow this position and graduate to calling himself Arsenal, then later Red Arrow. He was a member of the Teen Titans in his youth. Roy Harper was created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp, first appearing in "More Fun Comics" #73. (1941)

Mia Dearden is the second and current Speedy. She is a young girl adopted by Oliver Queen, who rescued her from a trafficking ring. Mia Dearden was created by Kevin Smith and Phil Hester, first appearing in "Green Arrow (Volume 3) #2". (2001)

Poul Hansen Egede

Poul Hansen Egede (9 September 1708 – 6 June 1789) who was the Superintendent of Greenland he was a theologian, missionary, and scholar who was principally concerned with the Lutheran mission among the Kalaallit people in Greenland Paul Egede died in Copenhagen in 1789, having published in that year his journal of his life in Greenland.

Yowlah

The Yowlah, (Arabic: اليولة or العيالة, al-ʿayyalah or al-ʿiyyalah) also known as Al-Yola, is a traditional folk dance of the United Arab Emirates. The person who performs the dance is called a Yawil. The dance is also performed in Oman and Qatar. It is commonly performed at weddings and celebrations. It involves men and women dancing separately to traditional music, along with sounds of drums and other instruments. Started as a Bedouin war dance, it was originally performed by men spinning rifles or swords after a victory in battle. The dance includes people of all age from children to old.
In the past, men used real weapons which had bullets but today they use the light weight weapons similar to Kalashnikov rifles, and also without bullets. Children mostly use sticks instead of weapons as they are easier to use. Mohammed Al-Yateen, who led the "Dubai Military Association band" explains that,""performing the Yowlah was tougher in the past, because in those times, the rifles were heavier compared to today. It's an art that showcases a man's strength, as not everyone can master the skill required to perform the Yowlah.""

Balancing the weapon with skillful hand movements is also very important for this folk dance.

The Yawil, who leads the dance, uses a weapon or sometimes a wooden piece shaped like a weapon, in the dance. The dance is started by walking slowly with the weapon, then quickly rotating the weapon in a circle, then throwing the weapon into the air at a medium distance, and the yawil then receives the weapon while sitting on one knee.

In the old days, men used to sing "challah" without any drums or rhythms. But now, rhythms have become an important part of this art. In the old days, men would stand in rows and sing verses repeatedly, making the place echo with their voices. The first row would sing a verse to the tune of "challah war," and then the second row would reply with another verse. This would continue, making the sound of the singing louder and louder.

In November 2014, "yowlah" (with the name of Al-Ayyala) was recorded on UNESCO's Representative List of Intangible Cultural Heritage Items of Humanity.

On 26 November 2010, Guiness Book of World Records recorded the largest Yowlah dance in Fujairah where 285 participants from three different tribes performed at a final event of the traditional sword competition for the Crown Prince of Fujairah.

Spider-Woman

Spider-Woman is one of Marvel Comics' most popular superheroines, and as such, she has a traction of various alternate versions and characters who had taken her mantle.

The first Spider-Woman, Valerie the Librarian, made her first appearance in "Spidey Super Stories" #6 (December 24th, 1974). While Jessica Drew, the most famous Spider-Woman, made her debut in "Marvel Spotlight" #32 (November 9th, 1976); in spite of her name, Jessica Drew is very rarely related to Spider-Man in any way. The second major version is Julia Carpenter, who first appeared in "Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars #6" in June of 1984, and the third major version is Mattie Franklin, who first apperared in "The Spectacular Spider-Man" #262 (October 1998).

Several alternate reality incarnations of the character have additionally received notoriety, including the Ultimate Spider-Woman, Ashley Barton, and Gwen Stacy.

Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew)

Spider-Woman (real name Jessica Miriam "Jess" Drew) is a fictional character and superheroine in Marvel Comics. She is the first Spider-Woman in the Marvel Universe, an ally of Spider-Man and his numerous spider allies, and member of the Avengers, Lady Liberators, and Daughters of Liberty.

She is the daughter of Jonathan and Meriem, and was injected with a serum made of the blood of several uncommon species of spiders after being effected by Uranium. After her age accelerated, she was taken under HYDRA until she refused to assassinate Nick Fury, and later left and became the superheroine Spider-Woman. Jessica went onto become an ally of Spider-Man, another superhero who was bitten by a radioactive spider and gave him powers similar to hers. She later became a member of the Avengers, Lady Liberators, Spider-Army, an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and S.W.O.R.D.

Jessica Drew was created by Archie Goodwin and the late Marie Severin, and first appeared in "Marvel Spotlight #32" in February of 1977.

Jessica Drew has been described as one of Marvel's most notable and powerful female heroes. She made her cinematic debut in "" (2023) as Jess Drew, voiced by Issa Rae, who will reprise her role in "".

Spider-Woman (Mattie Franklin)

Martha "Mattie" Franklin, under the identity as Spider-Woman, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The niece of J. Jonah Jameson, she is the third character to be called Spider-Woman.

Mattie Franklin / Spider-Woman made her cinematic debut in the animated movie "" (2023), depicted as a member of Miguel O'Hara's Spider-Society, and is portrayed in live-action by Celeste O'Connor in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe movie "Madame Web" (2024).

Thunderbolts (comics)

The Thunderbolts are an antihero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team consists mostly of reformed supervillains. Created by Kurt Busiek and Mark Bagley, the team first appeared in "The Incredible Hulk" (vol. 2) #449 (January 1997).

Voices (Matchbook Romance album)

Voices is the second and final studio album by Matchbook Romance. The album was released on February 14, 2006.


Jawbreaker (band)

Jawbreaker is an American punk rock band formed in New York City in 1986. It was founded by singer and guitarist Blake Schwarzenbach, drummer Adam Pahler, and bassist Chris Bauermeister. The band ended in 1996, but started again in 2017. Jawbreaker is said to be inspirational for many punk rock and emo bands of the 1990s and 2000s. 

Jawbreaker was created in 1986 under the name "Rise" while Schwarzenbach, Pfahler, and Bauermeister were attending New York University (NYU). In 1987, the band moved as a group to Los Angeles, and added Schwarzenbach's childhood friend Jon Liu as the singer. The first demo that the group recorded was "Shield Your Eyes", which Schwarzenbach singing. After the demo was recorded, the group decided to continue on as a trio without Jon Liu. The trio changed their name to "Jawbreaker", and signed to independent label Shredder Records. Their first release on the label was "Shield Your Eyes" on the 7" vinyl compilation album called "The World's in Shreds Volume Two". The band went on to record the single release "Busy" and the "Whack and Blite 7" E.P." in 1989. In May of 1990, Jawbreaker released their first album "Unfun" through Shredder Records.

Following the "Fuck 90" tour of the summer of 1990, Jawbreaker ended for a short period of time. Schwarzenbach and Bauermeister went back to New York City to finish their college degrees, and Pfahler stayed in Los Angeles. The members quickly regretted their decisions, and decided to start the band again in San Francisco, California. 

The band recorded "Bivouac" through Tupelo Recording Company in 1991, and released it in 1992. While recording "Bivouac", Schwarzenbach started to grow a painful bump on his throat. The band continued to go on a tour of Europe, even though it was risky. When the band was playing in Ireland, Schwarzenbach had to receive emergency surgery on his throat. The song "Out Patient" on the band's 1994 album "24 Hour Revenge Therapy" may be talking about his surgery.

After the band's tour of Europe, Schwarzenbach and Pfahler were homeless. Schwarzenbach moved to Bay Area city Oakland, which inspired the band's next album. The album was released in 1994, and is often said to be the band's best album. Since the record was doing well, the band received an offer from DGC Records, a popular record label, for one million dollars.

The punk rock scene did not like that Jawbreaker was signing to a popular label. The band was thought to be a truly independent punk rock group, and by signing to a large company's record label, they were going against that. Many people, including Ben Weasel from Chicago punk band Screeching Weasel, criticized the band's choice. 

After Jawbreaker signed to DGC Records, they recorded their final studio album. "Dear You" was released in 1995, and received mixed reviews. The band did not work together closely on the album, and often recorded at separate times. The end result was a clean, highly produced album that did not sound like Jawbreaker's other albums. Jawbreaker also recorded their first and only music video for the album single "Fireman", which was in rotation on MTV. 

The band toured after the record was released. Many fans did not like the new material, and would openly turn away from the band while they were playing shows. Off-stage, the band continued to fight. On July 4 of 1996, the band officially announced that they would stop playing music together.








Technological change

Technological change is when the use of technology in a society or culture changes over time. This process is also knwon as technological development. Speaking from the point of view of economics, technological change makes it possible to get more output with the same input, or to get the same output, with less input. Often, technological change also affects the quality of the product, which improves over time. As an example, the development of the steam engine was linked to the industrial revolution:. Technological change also affect society: Often, society changes as a result of technological change. To stay with the example of the industrial revolution: In the industrial revolution, many factories were built, and people who worked in these factorires were needed. The work of the factory worker was very different from the work people did before. A whole social class of factory workers developed. As technolgoical change improves efficiencvy, very ofren, it is also linked to unemployment: Fewer people are needed to produce the same output, so some are laid off. 

According to Joseph Schumpeter, there are five different types of technological development:

Studies have been done on people living in close contact with nature (sometimes called indigenous societies): Very often these people developed complex systems to keep traditions alive, and to avoid technological change if it isn't necessary. Claude Lévi-Strauss used the term "cold cultures" to describe this phenomenon. 

People have also criticized technological change: Jean-Jacques Rousseau published a work called "Discourse on the Origin and Basis of Inequality Among Men" in 1755. In it, he writes that before the Industrial Revolution, people were able to live happily, in a state of nature. In it, he also says that private property leads to inequality among humans. At the beginning of the 19th century, the Luddites were opposed to certain technological changes introduced by the Industrial Revolution. In 1968, philiopsphers of the Frankfurt School become critical of technolhical change. In his encyclical "Laudato si'" Pope Francis has an ambivalent position as to technology: He sees technology as a key contributor to the environmental crisis and human suffering. 

Pope Francis points out, that technology is viewed as "principal key to the meaning of existence" and asks the world to "resist" the "assault" of the technocratic paradigm.

Benoît Potier

Benoît Potier, born September 3, 1957 in Mulhouse, has been Chairman and CEO of Air Liquide since 2006, a French industrial group specializing in industrial gases and employing more than 66,000 people since the acquisition of Airgas in 2016.

He is a graduate of École Centrale Paris and INSEAD.

He is married and the father of 3 daughters.

Native Son (1986 movie)

Native Son is a 1986 American drama movie directed by Jerrold Freedman and is based on the 1940 novel "Native Son" by Richard Wright. It stars Victor Love, Matt Dillon, Elizabeth McGovern, Geraldine Page, Oprah Winfrey, Carroll Baker and was distributed by Cinecom Pictures.


Ulric Browne

Ulric Franklyn Browne (born April 1957) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying Winston in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Ulric Franklyn Browne was born in England in April 1957.

Browne studied at Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts in Peckham, South London.

Browne made his debut as an actor on 26 November 1985, with the role of market trader Winston in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders". His character rarely speaks. His first line was "bloody pedestrians" said to Den Watts. He is the longest-serving male extra and second longest-serving extra, behind Jane Slaughter's Tracey.

Browne has worked as a secretary at Aircraft Management Support Limited in Exeter, Devon since 2 October 1992.

Browne has appeared in four "Children in Need" television spin-offs from "EastEnders"; "Pudding Lane" on 26 November 1999, "What Not To Wear" with Trinny Woodall and Susannah Constantine on 19 November 2004, "Motown Tribute" on 20 November 2009, and "EastEnd Meets WestEnd" on 17 November 2017.

Browne appeared in two 1988 episodes of the BBC children's television drama series "Grange Hill"; he was credited as House DJ on 15 January and as Hip Hop DJ on 12 February. He appeared in three episodes of the ITV police procedural series "The Bill"; he was credited as Benny Hughes on 5 October 1987, Seed on 31 January 1989 and Chas Hendrie on 31 July 2003.

Browne made his film debut on 7 March 2004, as Tiko in the action thriller film "The Quiet Storm".

Browne has performed in panto.

Browne is married to Debs.

Pearl River (China)

Pearl River is the name of a river in southern China. The river flows into the South China Sea near Macau. The whole river system has a length of . It is China's third-longest river system, after that of the Yangtze, and Yellow River. By volume, it is second-laregest, after the Yangtze. There are many large industrial cities along the river. It is important for transportation. Hong Kong is about from its estuary. Other large cities along the river are Guangzhou, Foshan, and Dongguan. Each of these citiers has more than a million people living in it. Another important city that is close is Shenzhen. Many parts along the river are highly-industralized cities.

Pearl River

Pearl river may refer to:



Foshan

Foshan is a city in central Guangdong province, in China. It is also called Fatshan. In 2020, about 9.5 million people lived in the city, and about 65 million in its urban area. It is about from Guangzhou. It is part of the nine cities that form the Guangdong–Hong Kong–Macao Greater Bay Area. It lies on the western side of the delta of the Pearl River.

New Social Contract

New Social Contract, Dutch: "Nieuw Sociaal Contract" (shortened "NSC"), is a Dutch political party.

New Social Contract was established in 2023. It focuses on governmental renewal.
Their leader and founder is Pieter Omtzigt.

Number of seats in the 2023 elections: 20 (/).


Bottom-up and top-down design

The terms bottom-up design and top-down design are used when organizing or classifying information. The terms are also used in different fields of engineering when talking about building more complex systems. 

In this context, a top-down approach means that people look at the more general case first, and later break down the information into more specialized cases. It is also known as stepwise refinement. When designing software, people speak about "decomposition", or "specialization". . A top–down approach starts with the big picture, then breaks down into smaller segments. 

Bottom-up works the other way around. People first design more specialized systems, and then look what these systems have in common. The subsystems then become special cases or extensions of the more general system, and their complexity is reduced, to only handle the cases where they are different from the more general system, or where they extend it. People speak about generalizing several components. 

When talking in ma morge general way, there are the concepts of deductive and inductive reasoning. Deductive reasoning starts with the more general case to the more specialized case. Inductive reasoning takes several of the more specialized cases, and tries to find similarities or patterns, generalizing them. Still other words, which are more widely used in engineering are decomposition and aggregation. Decomposition is about looking at the parts, aggregation is about combining several of those parts.

New York City Fire Department

The New York City Fire Department, also known as the Fire Department of the City of New York (FDNY), is the complete fire department for New York City. It is responsible for providing Fire Suppression Services along with Specialized Technical Rescue Response Services,Specialized Hazardous Materials Response Services and Emergency Medical Response Services. It has a wide variety of General Purpose and Special Purpose Vehicles,Tools and Equipment to accomplish its missions. The New York City Fire Department currently has 11,000+Uniformed Firefighting Personnel,4,274 Uniformed Emergency Medical Services Personnel and 2,096 Civilian Employees.

The Headquarters of the New York City Fire Department are located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, while the FDNY Fire Academy is on Randalls Island. The International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) locals are Local 94 (Uniformed Firefighters Association of Greater New York),Local 854 (Uniformed Fire Officers Association),and Local 4959 (Uniformed Fire Alarm Dispatchers Benevolent Association). EMS is represented by DC 37 Locals 2507 for EMTs and paramedics, and Local 3621 for officers.

The New York City Fire Department traces its roots to 1648 when the first fire ordinance was adopted in the Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam (now part of the Dutch Empire). Upon arriving, Peter Stuyvesant appointed four fire wardens to oversee the chimneys of wooden houses. Owners faced penalties for improperly maintained chimneys. The initial fire wardens were Martin Krieger, Thomas Hall, Adrian Wyser, and George Woolsey.

Vogtsburg im Kaiserstuhl

Vogtsburg im Kaiserstuhl is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. About 6,000 people live there. It is the largest wine producing town in Germany.

Vogtsburg has 9 districts:

Dugout canoe

A dugout canoe, or dugout is a boat that is made by hollowing out a tree. The name is sometimes shortened to dugout. Other names for this kind of boat are logboat and monoxylon. "Monoxylon" ("μονόξυλον") (pl: "monoxyla") is Greek – "mono-" (single) + "ξύλον xylon" (tree) – and is mostly used in classic Greek texts. In German, they are called Einbaum ("one tree" in English). Some, but not all, pirogues are also made in this manner.

Dugouts are the oldest boat type archaeologists have found. The items found date back about 8,000 years to the Neolithic Stone Age. This is probably because they are made of massive pieces of wood, which tend to preserve better than others, such as bark canoes.


Payung dance

The Payung dance (Jawi: تاري ڤايوڠ) is a traditional dance of the Minangkabau and Malay people from Sumatra, Indonesia. It is similar to other dances from Sumatra but with a Minangkabau touch. In this dance, dancers use umbrellas called "payung." It is usually done by three or four dancers and shows the love and connections between young people. The dance comes from the Western Sumatra region of Indonesia.

People perform the Payung dance during different events like shows, exhibitions, parties, and weddings. It is a important part of Minangkabau culture. Men use umbrellas while women use shawls in the dance. The umbrella represents protection, showing how men protect their families. Women's shawls symbolize love and loyalty in marriage. This is shown when the woman's shawl is placed on the man's shoulder.

In the Indonesian and Minangkabau languages, "payung" or "payuang" means "umbrella" or "parasol." This word comes from old Sundanese. The dance is called Payung dance because it uses umbrellas as the main props. The umbrellas represent safety and protection in marriage.

The umbrella dance is a big part of the Minangkabau tribe's culture. It is mostly done by young Minangkabau people. But it's more than just entertainment. It also shows how couples should act in a loving relationship, following Islamic religious and traditional Minangkabau rules.

Long ago, during the time when the Dutch were ruling Sumatra, there were plays that people watched for fun. These plays sometimes included the umbrella dance. At first, the umbrella dance was just something extra in the plays, mainly for fun. But in the 1920s, it became really popular, and people liked it a lot.

In the 1960s, the umbrella dance was one of the most liked dances among the Minangkabau people. Some of them had never seen a Minangkabau dance before watching the umbrella dance. It often showed up in dance shows, either by itself or with other dances.

In the 2000s, a dancer and teacher named "Syofiyani Yusaf" from Bukittinggi worked on it and improved it, keeping its Minangkabau style but making it easier for anyone to learn.

Today, umbrella dance is performed at a lot of events, both in and outside of West Sumatra. Many students, from elementary to high school, learn the umbrella dance. They join art clubs in different places in West Sumatra. Some schools, like "Vocational High School 7 Padang" and the "Padangpanjang Indonesian Arts Institute", even teach the umbrella dance as part of their classes.

In Payung dance, female dancers wear traditional Malay clothes like kebaya tops, songket bottoms, hair in a bun, and a low, golden crown-like headdress called "suntiang." Male dancers wear long-sleeved shirts called "bay belanga" with a "cekak musang" collar, matching trousers, a side cloth made from songket, and a typical Minang head covering or black kopiah (peci).

Bahlingen

Bahlingen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg in southwest Germany.

Biederbach

Biederbach is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Denzlingen

Denzlingen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Elzach

Elzach (Low Alemannic: "Elze") is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the river Elz and is 26 km northeast of Freiburg.

Endingen am Kaiserstuhl

Endingen am Kaiserstuhl is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Forchheim am Kaiserstuhl

Forchheim am Kaiserstuhl is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Freiamt

Freiamt is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gutach im Breisgau

Gutach im Breisgau is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gutach has six villages:


CPR Restoration

CPR Restoration is an American company providing fire and water damage restoration services. It was founded in 1998 with its headquarter in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

CPR Restoration and Cleaning was founded in 1998 with its headquarter in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

It provides fire and water damage restoration services for residential and commercial properties. They have also been collaborating with the New York City Fire Department.

The company provides all types of services related to the fire and water damage properties like clean-up, pack-out, fire odor elimination, dehumidification, smoke removal, soot, minimizing recontamination, structure cleaning, remediation, debris pick-up, and removal services.

After a great success in Pennsylvania, the company expanded their services to New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Connecticut, and Maryland.

In 2014, a former employee, Stanley Kieffer, of CPR Restoration & Cleaning filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania against his employer companies, CPR LLC and CPR, Inc., claiming that alleging violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act (PHRA), the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA), and Pennsylvania state law. Kieffer claimed that he was wrongfully terminated after requesting accommodations for his disabilities and filing a Charge of Discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

The suit ended with the court granting summary judgment in favor of CPR. The court found that Kieffer did not meet the criteria for protection under the FMLA, and he was not considered a "qualified individual" under the ADA. The court also ruled that Kieffer's requested leave was not a reasonable accommodation, and his retaliation claims lacked sufficient evidence. The decision was made on unspecified dates in 2018, and the Third Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's judgment.

Alfred Grosser

Alfred Grosser (1 February 1925 – 7 February 2024) was a German-born French writer, sociologist and political scientist. Although his Jewish family had to move from Frankfurt to France in 1933, he focused on Franco-German cooperation after World War II, was instrumental in the Élysée Treaty in 1963, and writing books towards better understanding between the Germans and the French. He was professor at the Institut d'études politiques de Paris from 1955 to 1995 before contributing to newspapers and broadcasts including "La Croix" and "Ouest-France". He was critical of Israeli politics which caused controversies. His work was honoured with notable awards. He died in Paris on 7 February 2024, six days after his 99th birthday.

Kenzingen

Kenzingen is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Malterdingen

Malterdingen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Reute (Breisgau)

Reute is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Reute is twinned with:

Rheinhausen (Breisgau)

Rheinhausen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Riegel am Kaiserstuhl

Riegel am Kaiserstuhl is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sasbach am Kaiserstuhl

Sasbach is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Sasbach is adjacent to the river Rhine and the Kaiserstuhl. The municipality has three villages: Jechtingen, Leiselheim and Sasbach. It has two medieval castle called Limburg and Sponeck.

Sexau

Sexau is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Simonswald

Simonswald is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Teningen

Teningen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Teningen is twinned with:

Vörstetten

Vörstetten is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Vörstetten is twinned with:

L'Étrat

L'Étrat is a commune in the Loire department in central France. In 1884, L'Étrat was split from the commune of 
La Tour-en-Jarez.

L'Étrat is twinned with:

La Tour-en-Jarez

La Tour-en-Jarez is a commune in the Loire department in central France. In 1884, L'Étrat was split from the commune of 
La Tour-en-Jarez.

La Tour-en-Jarez is twinned with:

Weisweil

Weisweil is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Kiribati dollar

The Kiribati dollar is linked to the Australian dollar, with a fixed exchange rate of 1:1. 

Here are the key points about this currency:


Waldkirch

Waldkirch is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is 15 km northeast of Freiburg im Breisgau. About 21,000 people live there. The town is on the river Elz, in the southwestern part of the Black Forest.

The sensor manufacturer SICK AG and amusement ride manufacturer Mack Rides are headquartered in Waldkirch. The Catholic church of St. Margarethen (former collegiate church of the same name) was built in 1732–1734 by the Austrian architect Peter Thumb.

Waldkirch is twinned with:

Winden im Elztal

Winden im Elztal is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wyhl

Wyhl is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

It is known in the 1970s for its opposition to the anti-nuclear movement. Wyhl was first mentioned in 1971 as a site for a nuclear power plant. The construction of a nuclear power plant in Breisach had been planned since 1969, was abandoned because of protests. In July 1973, Wyhl was named as the location for a power plant at the Kaiserstuhl.

Social stratification

Sociologists have put people into different categories, based on socioeconomic factors, such as wealth, income, race, education, ethnicity, gender, occupation, social status, or derived power (social and political). They called this classification social stratification. Stratification is the relative social position of people within a social group, category, geographic region, or social unit. 

In modern Western societies, social stratification is defined in terms of three social classes: an upper class, a middle class, and a lower class. Each class is divided in three again: an upper, a middle, and a lower layer, or statum. Moreover, a social stratum can be formed upon the bases of kinship, clan, tribe, or caste, or all four.

Socieieties that are based on states, that have more than one center, or that have a feudal hierachy use social stratification. In feudal society, there is nobility, and there are the common people, or peasants. Social scientists still argue about when social stratification first appeared: Either it started in the hunter-gatherer, tribal, and band societies or with agriculture and large-scale means of social exchange. Determining the structures of social stratification comes from inequalities of status among people.The degree of social inequality determines a person's social stratum. Generally, the greater the social complexity of a society, the more social stratification exists, by way of social differentiation.

Stratification can yield various consequences. For instance, the stratification of neighborhoods based on spatial and racial factors can influence disparate access to mortgage credit.

People and groups or categories of people also move between the layers of the system. This movement can occur within one generation, or from one generation to the next one. 

Mobility is sometimes used to classify different systems of social stratification. Systems that allow such mobility, or that make it easier are called open. Uually, they make movement possible by placing value on the achieved status characteristics of people. The societies with the highest levels of intragenerational mobility are considered to be the most open and malleable systems of stratification. Those systems in which there is little to no mobility, even on an intergenerational basis, are considered closed stratification systems. For example, in caste systems, all aspects of social status are ascribed, such that one's social position at birth persists throughout one's lifetime.

Lauchringen

Lauchringen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It has two districts: Oberlauchringen and Unterlauchringen.


Murg, Baden-Württemberg

Murg is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dogern

Dogern is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dogern is twinned with:

Le Grand-Lemps

Le Grand-Lemps is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.

Le Grand-Lemps is twinned with:

Rickenbach, Baden-Württemberg

Rickenbach is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Pura, Tarlac

Pura is a municipality in the province of Tarlac, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 25,781 people lived there.

Tarlac City

Tarlac City is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Tarlac. According to the 2020 census, 385,398 people lived there.

Mount ad-Dahi

Mount ad-Dahi () is a historic mountain in Palestine, located south of Nazareth, three kilometers east of Afula .

It was named after the village of Ad-Dah, which contains the tomb of the companion Dahiya Al-Kulayni.

mountains of historic Palestine and is located south of Nazareth, three kilometers east of Afula . It was named after the village of Ad-Dah, which contains the tomb of the companion Dahiya Al-Kulayni . 

The hill of Dahi is 550 metres high. 
T

The mountain mass forms a watershed between the Galood River / Jalud River in the south and The Tabor Valley in the north.

The mountain mass forms a watershed between the Galood River in the south and the Taboor valley in the north. 

The Jabal Ad-Dhi massif forms a water dividing line between the Jalud River in the south and The Tabor Valley in the north.

Mount Ad-Dhi is one of the mountains of historic Palestine and is located south of Nazareth, three kilometers east of Afula . It was named after the village of Ad-Dah, which contains the tomb of the companion Dahiya Al-Kulayni . The height of Mount Ad-Dah is 550 meters and is also known as “Little Hermon.” The total land of the mountain ranges between (6000-8000) dunams, and the Canaanites mentioned it as “Mount Mi’sar.” 

Chavanay

Chavanay is a commune in the Loire department in central France.

Chavanay is twinned with:

Saint-Pierre-de-Trivisy

Saint-Pierre-de-Trivisy is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Wavelet compression

Wavelet compression is a form of data compression which is mainly used to compress images and videos (which are sequences of images). Like with other forms of data compression, the idea is to find redundancies, and to remove them:


Compression algorithms which are based on the theory of wavelets allow to get compression rates of around 1:65. Yves Meyer, a french mathematician, first developed the theory of wavelets in the 1980s. Ingrid Daubechies and Stéphane Mallat improved the theory, and found links to digital signal processing.

Digital filter

In the context of digital signal processing a digital filter is there to change a signal. An example of a filter might be to only let certain frequency bands pass, or to block these bands. The signal will be sampled, and discrete in time. Unlike analog filters, digfital filters use logical components, while analog filters use electrical circuits. Very often, the signal is transoformed from analog to digtal before filtering, and then transformed back after filtering.

Van Dyke brown

Van Dyke (Vandyke) brown is a warm brown colour for painting and printmaking. Early accounts of the pigment call it Cassel (or Kassel) earth or Cologne earth. Today it is usually called Van Dyke brown after the painter Anthony van Dyck. 

The colour was originally made from a mixture of peat or soil and oil paints.

Despite being named after Anthony van Dyck, the pigment has not been found in his work. It is found in some American paintings of the nineteenth century.

Prime (drink)

Prime is a hydration drink made by Logan Paul is a American Influencer and professional wrestler.

More to Life

"More to Life" is a 1991 song by Cliff Richard and is the theme song to the BBC tv series "Trainer". It went to number 23 in the United Kingdom.

UK 7" single (EM 205), CD single (CDEM 205), cassette (TCEM 205)

Innokenty Smoktunovsky

Innokenty Smoktunovsky (28 March 1925 – 3 August 1994) was a Soviet actor. During the Second World War, he served in the Red Army, but was captured. After the war, in 1946 he started his career as an actor. He first was with the theatre in Norilsk, and Krasnojarsk, both in Siberia. Later he was active in Moscow and Leningrad. From 1972, he was at the Maly theatre in Moscow. From 1976, hew was at the Moscow Art Theatre. He was also active in movies. In 1969, he received an award from the Festival in San Sebastian, for his role of Tchaikovski, in the movie with the same name.

John Moore (Irish politician)

John Moore (1763 – 6 December 1799) was an Irishman appointed in August 1798 "President of the Government of the Province of Connaught" by the commander of a French invasion force, General Humbert during the Irish Rebellion of 1798

Lyla in the Loop

Lyla in the Loop is a children's animated television series. It was created by Dave Peth for PBS Kids. It premiered on February 5, 2024. It is produced by Mighty Picnic and Pipeline Studios. It follows Lyla, a black girl and her sidekick, a fuzzy blue creature named Stu. Together, the two embark on adventures with her family. The theme song was composed and performed by .

Tinwald, New Zealand

Tinwald is a southern suburb of Ashburton and is separated by the Ashburton River / Hakatere. It has a primary school that opened in 1879, shopping area and the Plains Railway. It was the home of New Zealand Prime Minister William Massey and has State Highway 1 running through the suburb. 

Souleyman Sané

Souleymane Sané (26 February 1961 in Dakar, Senegal) is a Senegalese-French former football player and football coach. He played as striker mainly in Germany. 
Sané was born in Senegal and came to Toulouse, France, with his parents when he was four. His father was an employee of the Senegalese embassy. As a child he took up athletics, boxing and wrestling. He then decided on football. He was influenced by his brother, who played professionally at FC Toulouse. Sané started playing football at FC Blagnac in Toulouse. He worked as a pastry chef at the same time. In 1981 he was signed by the Parisian third division club ES Viry-Châtillon. In his first season he was top scorer. 

In 1982 he was serving in the French army and went to Germany. There he played for the then fourth division club (Verbandsliga Südbaden) FV Donaueschingen. After his military service, he returned to Toulouse and was loaned to Blagnac FC. In 1984 he returned to Donaueschingen. In 1985 Sané was signed by SC Freiburg. In 1987/88 he was top scorer in the second division with 21 goals. In the summer of 1988 he moved to Bundesliga club 1. FC Nürnberg. In 1990 he went to newly promoted SG Wattenscheid 09. With 39 goals, he is still Wattenscheid's record goalscorer in the Bundesliga.

After the relegation of Wattenscheid in 1994, Sané moved to Austria to FC Tirol Innsbruck. There he became the league's top scorer. Later he played in Switzerland (Lausanne, FC Schaffhausen). From there he returned to SG 09 in the 2nd Bundesliga. He then played for LASK Linz in the Austrian Bundesliga, for Rot-Weiß Leithe and for SW Wattenscheid 08. He later also played for Schwarz-Weiß Südfeldmark in Wattenscheid.
When Sané was playing for Nuremberg, Michel Platini tried to persuade him to play for France. Otto Pfister, then coach in Senegal, made the Senegalese football association aware that Sané had a Senegalese passport. The association managed to get Sané to switch to Senegal two weeks before the first game for France. According to an interview question, he played 55 games for the Senegalese national football team. The RSSSF recorded 30 A international matches with eleven goals. 

He is the father of Leroy Sané, who is playing for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team.

2022 AFL Grand Final

The 2022 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match played between the Geelong Cats and the Sydney Swans at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on 24 September 2022. It was the 127th grand final in the Australian Football League (AFL), and was held to determine the winner of the 2022 AFL season. Geelong defeated Sydney by 81 points.

2021 AFL Grand Final

The 2021 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match played between the Melbourne Demons and the Western Bulldogs on 25 September 2021 at Optus Stadium in Perth. It was the 126th grand final in the Australian Football League (AFL) and determined the winner of the 2021 AFL season.

Melbourne defeated the Western Bulldogs by 74 points. It was the first time since 1964 that the Demons had won a Grand Final.

Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Grand Final was not played at the traditional venue, the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG), for a second time in a row. It was the first Grand Final to be played in Western Australia and even though it was played between two Victorian teams during a pandemic, it set a new attendance record for Australian rules football in Western Australia.

Phytochrome

Phytochromes are a type of protein that is sensitive to light. They can be found in plants, bacteria, and fungi. There are two types of red-sensitive phytochromes. Type I is sensitive to far-red light. Type II is sensitive to red light.

The way they work is to control the plant's development. There are other receptors which respond to blue and ultraviolet light. Their pigments are also phytochromes.


Unincorporated territory

A United States insular area in which the United States Congress has determined that only selected parts of the United States Constitution apply.

An unincorporated United States insular area, of which there are currently thirteen, three in the Caribbean (Navassa Island, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) and ten in the Pacific (American Samoa, Baker Island, Guam, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, the Northern Mariana Islands and Wake Atoll).
Kepler-16

Kepler-16 is an eclipsing binary star system. It consists of two stars, Kepler-16A and Kepler-16B. The system also has one exoplanet, Kepler-16b. It is a gas giant the size of Saturn.

Adoration of the Magi (Fra Angelico and Filippo Lippi)

The Adoration of the Magi is a round painting believed to be made by Fra Angelico in the middle of the 15th century. It is now in the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. Many experts think Filippo Lippi also helped with it, along with other artists and helpers. The painting is also called the Washington Tondo or Cook Tondo. It is made with tempera on wood and is about 137.3 cm across.

Art experts say the painting took a long time to make, with many changes done by different artists. Some people do not like these changes, but others, like John Walker, think it's one of the best Florentine paintings. He believes it shows the shift between old and new painting styles in Italy during the 15th century.

The painting is thought to be the same one listed in a list of things in the Medici Palace in 1492, after Lorenzo the Magnificent died. It was kept in a big room with Paolo Uccello's famous Battle of San Romano paintings. This painting was worth more than any other in the palace.

From the late 16th century, it was owned by the Guicciardini family in Florence. In 1810, it was sold to Chevalier François-Honoré Dubois, the chief of police in Florence during the time of Napoleon. It changed owners a few times and was believed to be painted by different artists like Botticelli, Fra Angelico, and Filippino Lippi.

During World War II, it was sent to the United States from England to keep it safe from bombs. It was later given to the National Gallery of Art in 1952.

The painting shows three wise men giving presents to baby Jesus, who is held by his mother Mary. Saint Joseph is beside them, and there are animals behind them. This is a common picture in many paintings.

Besides the wise men, there are also shepherds. One is looking at Jesus and Mary, and the others are pointing at them. The stable is outside, and there are animals and people nearby.

In the background, more people are coming to see Jesus. Some are on horses and camels, while others are walking. The city walls of Bethlehem are seen, and some people are watching what's happening.

On the roof of the stable, there is a big bird and some smaller ones. There are also some young people on the ruins, but it's not clear who they are. Some parts of the painting look strange because the sizes of things do not match up correctly. This might be because the artist made changes while painting.

The painting was probably made in different steps or stages. Fra Angelico and his helpers started it around the 1440s. Angelico's style can be seen in Mary's face, but other parts seem to be done by his helpers. The small figures on the right and left sides of the painting also match Angelico's style.

Angelico was busy with many projects, so the painting might have been left unfinished when he died in 1455. Then, it might have been given to Filippo Lippi's workshop, another famous painter in Florence.

Some parts of the painting, like the stable and the birds on the roof, seem to be added later. They might have been inspired by symbols used by the Medici family. Benozzo Gozzoli, who worked with Angelico before, might have added these details. He also painted similar scenes in the Medici Palace around the same time.

Easy-Bake Oven

The Easy-Bake Oven was a popular children's toy stove for baking. It used an electrical source for heat and came with pans and other equipment. Different models were made in several colors.

The toy was first sold in 1963. Kids would be able to bake small cakes and cookies as long as they had electricity. The oven was supposed to be used with adult supervision.

Super Bowl LVIII

Super Bowl LVIII (57) was an American football game that was played to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2023 season. In a rematch of Super Bowl LIV, from 4 years earlier, the American Football Conference (AFC) champion and defending Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs defeated the National Football Conference (NFC) champion San Francisco 49ers 25–22 in overtime to secure their second Super Bowl championship in a row and become the first team to go back-to-back since the New England Patriots in 2004. With this being the Chiefs' fourth Super Bowl appearance and third win in five years, many have said this game established them as a super team. The game was played on February 11, 2024, at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada. It was the second Super Bowl to go into overtime, the first being Super Bowl LI, seven years earlier. The game's attendance of 61,629 was the lowest in Super Bowl history outside of the COVID-19 pandemic.

This was the first Super Bowl to be held in the state of Nevada. The game was televised nationally by CBS, streamed on Paramount+, alternatively broadcast on youth-oriented network Nickelodeon, and televised on the Spanish network Univision.

The game has been named by people as the "Taylor Swift Bowl" or "Swiftie Bowl", referencing singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and her fans, which are known as Swifties. The season broke records for the NFL, following Swift's relationship with Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and her frequent appearances at Chiefs games. Fans who began supporting the Chiefs due to Swift's association with them have been dubbed as "Chiefties".

Super BowlLVIII was televised by CBS. . CBS used 165 cameras, including six cameras embedded within the goal posts ("doink cams"), 48 cameras capable of high frame rate video (24 of which were in 4K for zoom abilities), and 23 cameras for augmented reality effects. CBS televised the game in 1080p with high-dynamic-range (HDR) color, changed to 4K on selected television providers. It was the most-watched United States broadcast since the Apollo 11 moon landing.

On September24, 2023, it was announced that R&B and pop singer Usher would lead the halftime show.

Usher's show included the songs "Caught Up", "U Don't Have to Call", "Love in This Club", "Confessions Part II", "Nice & Slow", "Burn", "U Got It Bad", "OMG", and "Yeah!".

Felonius Gru (character)

Gru (also known as Felonious Gru) is a fictional character in the Despicable Me Franchise. He is voiced by Steve Carell. He was created by Sergio Pablos.

Gru’s wife is Lucy Wilde.

Gru, in one of his memories, while he was in elementary school, was bullied by friends when he was trying to ask a young girl to go on a date, with one of them saying she had “Gruties”, causing the kids in the playground to run away from Gru. It is said that Gru witnessed the moon landing on live television during the space race, pointing that he could have been born at the height of the Cold War, which was the Cuban missile crisis in 1962, he also made a rocket ship out of macaroni and actually made a real one based on the macaroni prototype. 

"Main article:Despicable Me (movie)"

In Despicable Me, Gru is a supervillain who steals the moon. His heart is then softened by the girls and ends up adopting them. In the movie, his main opponent is Vector Perkins, who was responsible for stealing the pyramids of Giza and replacing them with fake inflatables. Later, after defeating Vector, he is hired by the Anti-Villain League, being granted an official pardon.

•Despicable Me 3

Nihang

Nihang are mythical water dragons from the Chitrali Mythology in northwestern Pakistan. The name ""Nihang"" comes from the Persian word "nahang" for crocodiles but is also used for other sea creatures. Nihangs looked like winged snakes, also found in myths in many parts of mainland Pakistan and East Asia. They were huge, scaly creatures and were famous for their golden manes. The most famous one lived in a lake in Mastuj area of Chitral and frightened the local people. However, its reign of terror ended when an ancient warrior fought against it using a double-hilted sword and killed it.

The Chitrali dragon has similarities to both Eastern and Western dragons. It looks like East Asian dragons with its thick furlike mane, lives in water, and has a long, slender, serpent-like body. But unlike Eastern dragons, the Chitrali dragon is seen as a mean creature that spreads fear in its area. People living near lakes have long believed in creatures like this in the Hindu Kush mountains. Even a Chinese traveler from the 7th century, Xuanzang, mentioned a dragon living in a lake in the region. While the exact lake he talked about isn't known, some believe it could be Lake Dufferin on the border of Chitral.

Stories about dragons were common in Chitrali stories. Dragons could be seen as powerful and noble, but also scary. Some lived in water like the Nihang, while others lived on land. These dragons were called "Azhdaar". The Chitrali dragon was a mix of the Iranian and Chinese dragons. It was big, had wings, looked like a serpent (similar to chinese dragons), and had a golden mane like a lion. It could swallow people and breathe fire. Old warriors said you could fight back by holding your sword above your head and cutting the dragon's mouth. Dragons were often linked with treasure. Even in the 1980s, people talked about a dragon guarding treasure in a valley near Chitral Town.

The small town of Mastuj in Chitral was once an important place, serving as the capital of a small hilly kingdom. There used to be a big lake below the town where a huge dragon (Nihang) lived. This dragon would eat anything that moved, including fish and animals. Over time, it even started attacking people passing by. The locals, worried about their safety, asked their king for help.

The king, after talking with his advisers, announced a reward for anyone brave enough to kill the dragon. A courageous man stepped forward and said he would do it. He got a special sword made, poisoned its edge, and set out on his dangerous journey.

When he reached the lake, he got off his horse, took out his sword, and approached the edge of the lake. As the dragon saw him, it tried to swallow him. But the sharp sword quickly sliced the dragon's jaws, and the poison killed him.

The brave man took one of the dragon's golden manes (long hair on the neck like a lion) and went back to the king's palace. He was happily welcomed, given a big feast, and praised by everyone. The king rewarded him with money and land. The people of Mastuj loved and admired him. His story spread far and wide, and even today, people remember him. Though the lake is gone, the place is still called "Nahangu Chhat", which means "The Dragon’s Lake" in the Khowar language.

Houdini (Dua Lipa song)

“Houdini” is a 2023 song by English-Albanian singer Dua Lipa. It was released on , and will appear on her third album. The song has been successful on the charts, reaching number two in the UK.

A music video for the song was released at the same time, featuring Lipa dancing in a dance studio.

Nella Larsen

Nella Larsen (1891-1964) was an American nurse, librarian, and writer during the Harlem Renaissance. She was born in Chicago, and grew up in a mostly white neighborhood before attending high school for one year at Fisk University’s Normal School, which is a historically Black college and university (HBCU). After high school, Larsen moved to Denmark where she lived with relatives and spent three years (1909-1912) auditing courses from the University of Copenhagen.

Considered an important figure of the Harlem Renaissance, Larsen was an accomplished writer. She was the first Black woman to be awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1930. Larsen was also awarded the Harmon Foundation’s bronze medal for "Quicksand" (2). Larsen’s works center middle class Black women and their experiences, focusing on topics such as marginality and mixed-race identity.

Considered an important figure of the Harlem Renaissance, Larsen was an accomplished writer. She was the first Black woman to be awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1930. Larsen was also awarded the Harmon Foundation’s bronze medal for "Quicksand". Larsen’s works center middle class Black women and their experiences, focusing on topics such as marginality and mixed-race identity.


Qui Jin

Qui Jin (born in 1875), was a Chinese revolutionary. She was a feminist, heroine, and martyr. She was  beheaded in 1907 in her early 30s. As she was growing up, Jin noticed that she contradicted the stereotypes of women. For example, Jin had passions for swords, poetry, wine, and bomb-making. Jin was 28 when she left her kids and husband to study abroad. She started a magazine called the “Chinese Women’s Journal (Zhongguo Nübao). Jin also joined the Chinese secret society, known as the Triads. She got arrested because she hid weapons, evacuated students, and destroyed documents. Jin was asked to write something before she died. She chose to write about the meaning of her name: Autumn. 

Kate Swift

Kate Swift is an author, activist, and editor. Swift invented a gender-neutral pronoun: "tey."

Swift worked in the army as an education and information specialist during World War II. She was also a writer for the Port of New Orleans. Swift then worked as an editorial assistant at Time Magazine. She was also a news writer for the Public Relations Department of the Girl Scouts of America. Swift became a science writer on the public affairs staff of the Museum of Natural History. She was also the director of the news bureau of the School of Medicine at Yale, in 1965. Swift wrote two revolutionary books that brought attention to sexual discrimination in the English language. Swift worked with Casey Miller to edit a manual to make it gender-inclusive. Swift’s efforts resulted in Connecticut becoming one of the first states in the US to achieve same-sex marriage. Swift has helped women be recognized as “full-fledged members of the human race”.

Ms.

Ms. is a common honorific used to describe women regardless of their marital status. Ms. was invented to replace Mrs. and Miss. Ms. has been described as a “calling card of the feminist movement in the ‘70’s”. It was supported for feminism and expediency. This honorific has changed the way most modern women are addressed. The word and idea of “Ms.” has a very complicated and complex history.

The honorific “Ms.” goes back to at least the 1760s. But, it was more “officially” proposed by a writer in 1901.  This writer proposed “Ms.” to avoid accidentally calling a woman a wrong name. This proposal was also the first marriage-neutral proposal. “Ms.” was accepted as an honorific by the New York Times in 1986. Later, during a radio interview at the New York Radio Station, Sheila Michaels spoke out for the honorific “Ms.” to be a title. Eventually, "Ms." became official.

Finau Vulivuli

Finau Vulivuli (born August 18th, 1982) is an international commentator for football. She is a Fijian referee and used to be in a national football team for the 2003 South Pacific Games. 

After she played in the Women's Fifa World Cup, she reffed for the Fifa World Cup when Vulivuli saw how women started getting represented in the commentary of sports. Vulivuli dreamed she would be one of those women. She was then trained by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation International Development. 

She then got noticed by big people in her training. Vulivuli was asked to be a part of the official live coverage of the Oceania Football Confederation. Vulivuli continues broadcasting for football.

Rupal Patel

Dr. Rupal Patel is an Indian American speech scientist and the CEO and founder of VocaliD. She has a masters, bachelor's degree, and a doctorate in psychology, speech acoustics, and speech-language pathology. She began interest and research in 2007 and later founded VocaliD in 2014. VocaliD is a company that customizes digital voices for people with speech impairments. She collects the limited sounds that her patients are able to make, and matches them with a donated voice from their “Voice Bank”. She has also received grants from the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation. Patel was on the faculty in the department of bio-behavioral sciences at the Teachers College of Columbia University in 2003 [1]. She gave a TED talk about her work in 2013. It convinced 1,500 people to sign up to donate their voice.

Luzmila Carpio

Luzmila Carpio is a Bolivian singer-songwriter, former Bolivian ambassador to France, advocate for nature, the importance of women, and indigenous culture.

Carpio began recording songs in Quechua. She then moved to Paris in 1980 to spread awareness of her culture. Her music is inspired by nature and protecting her indigenous culture.Carpio has collaborated with artists such as Gilberto Gil and Lila Downs. Her album Yuyay Jap’ina Tapes was named Top 15 Latin Albums of 2015 by Rolling Stone. Carpio was invited to sing at Michelle Bachelet’s presidential inauguration in 2006. She was also appointed Bolivia’s ambassador to France in 2006-2010. She now speaks about the importance of young people connecting with their culture and with Mother Earth.     

Maya Sekine

Maya Sekine is an Ainu YouTuber and a preserver of Ainu culture. She's devoted to passing down Ainu culture. 

Sekine was born in Japan. She learned Ainu from a young age. In college, Sekine was able to share her Ainu culture with her friends and peers. She started her YouTube channel in 2019 after being a presenter on an Ainu language-learning radio program for a year. Sekine wanted to spread her culture by teaching people short and everyday phrases. She taught people traditional Ainu cooking, music, and weaving on her YouTube. Sekine values being honest and preserving her culture. She would love to open a cafe where all the waiters speak Ainu.

Jamba Juice

Jamba Juice is an American fast food restaurant and juice chain. It sells blended fruit and vegetable juices, smoothies and other food products. It was founded in 1990 in San Luis Obispo, California. It is owned by Focus Brands.

Polypedates himalayensis

The Himalayan whipping frog or Himalayan tree frog ("Polypedates himalayensis") is a frog. It lives in Bhutan and India. People have seen it between 100 and 2000 meters above sea level.
Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Polypedates maculatus".

This frog can lay eggs in streams, rice paddies, wetlands, canals, and other bodies of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed.

Polypedates macrotis

The Baram whipping frog, forest bush frog, brown-striped tree frog, big-eared whipping frog, dark-eared tree frog, or Bongao bubble-nest frog ("Polypedates macrotis") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, and some islands in the South China Sea. People have seen them as high as 1300 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests. It can lay eggs in ditches and other bodies of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed.

Rainbow crossing

A rainbow crossing or rainbow crosswalk is a pedestrian crossing with the rainbow flag on it, to represent the LGBT community.

The rainbow flag or gay pride flag, is linked with the LGBTQIA+ community and LGBT activities around the world.

The idea of rainbow crosswalks first appeared in Taipei, Taiwan in 2008. 
The first permanent rainbow crosswalks were built in West Hollywood, as part of the 2012 Gay Pride Month. Similar crossings were built in Sydney, Australia, the following year, as well as some temporary rainbow crossings in other cities such as Tel Aviv.

Sculling

Sculling is the action of rowing with two paddles (one in each hand), as opposed to the more familiar single-paddled "sweeping."

My Big Fat Greek Wedding

My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a 2002 American-Canadian romantic comedy movie directed by Joel Zwick and written by Nia Vardalos. The movie stars Nia Vardalos, John Corbett, Lainie Kazan, Michael Constantine, Gia Carides, Louis Mandylor, Andrea Martin and Joey Fatone. 

A 30-year old middle-class Greek American woman, who still lives with her family in Chicago, falls in love with an upper middle-class White Anglo-Saxon Protestant man, and struggles to get her family and especially her father, who wants her to marry a Greek, to accept him, while she comes to terms with her heritage and cultural identity.

"My Big Fat Greek Wedding" was shot in Toronto, Canada, which stands in for Chicago in the movie.
The movie spawned a movie franchise, which inspired the 2003 sitcom "My Big Fat Greek Life" and the 2016 sequel "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2". A third movie, titled "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 3", was released in cinemas on September 8, 2023.

"My Big Fat Greek Wedding" was very successful at the box office; its budget was estimated at $5 million and the box office was $368.7 million. The reviews of the movie by the movie critics and the audience were positive.


National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research

The National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research NIWA, (NIWA), is a New Zealand government research organization founded in 1992. It specializes in environmental sciences and manages important monitoring networks, databases, and collections. NIWA has around 697 staff working across 14 sites in New Zealand and one in Perth, Australia. Its main office is in Auckland, with regional offices in Hamilton, Wellington, Christchurch, Nelson, and Lauder. Additionally, it has small hydrology-focused field teams in various places and maintains a fleet of about 30 research vessels for freshwater, marine, and atmospheric research.

Spider-Man (2018 video game)

Marvel's Spider-Man is a video game released in 2018. It was developed in 2018 by Insomniac Games. The story is about Spider-Man trying to stop the Super-villian Mister Negative from taking over New York City's criminal underworld.
"Marvel's Spider-Man" was released for the PlayStation 4 on September 7, 2018. It had an expansion released called """" in late 2018. The game was remastered and released on the PlayStation 5 in November 2020 and later on PC.

The game had a spin-off called "" in November 2020 for the PlayStation 5 

The game had a sequel called "Marvel's Spider-Man 2" released in October 2023 for the PlayStation 5.

Grid reference

A grid reference identifies a region on a map. Coordinates and gridlines are used to refer to specific features or locations.

Upfield (company)

Upfield Holdings B.V. is a Dutch food company. It owns multiple brands of margarine, food spreads, and plant-based foods. It is the largest plant-based consumer packaged goods company in the world, operating in 95 countries. It was spun off from Unilever and purchased by investment firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) in 2018 for US$8.04 billion.

T-37A tank

The T-37A was an amphibious Soviet light tank. It was the first mass-produced light tank in the world. In service, the tanks mainly did communication, reconnaissance, and infantry support tasks. 


Wrong Again (song)

"Wrong Again" is a 1998 song by country singer Martina McBride and is the fourth single from her fourth studio album "Evolution". It went to number 36 in the United States, number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 5 on the Canadian Country Tracks chart.

Avatar (franchise)

"Avatar" is a American media franchise created by James Cameron, which consists of a planned series of epic science fiction films produced by Lightstrom Entertainment and distributed by 20th Century Studios

Tondo, Manila

Tondo is a district in Manila, Philippines. It is the largest, in terms of area and population, of Manila's sixteen districts. It had a census-estimated 654,220 people in 2020. It contains two congressional districts. It is the second most densely populated district in the city.

Ethan Page

Julian Micevski (born September 20, 1989) is an Canadian professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Ethan Page. He also wrestles in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He has also wrestles for Impact Wrestling and Evolve.

During his time in Impact Wrestling, Page was known for being one-half of the tag team The North with Josh Alexander. During his time in Impact, Page was a two-time Impact World Tag Team Champion.

On March 7, 2021, Page would sign a three-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would make his debut the same night at Revolution. He would compete in the Face of the Revolution ladder match as a surprise entrant but the match would be won by Scorpio Sky. On the March 29 episode of "", Page would create a tag team with Scorpio Sky. They would later call themselves the Men of the Year.

On the August 18 episode of "Dynamite", Page and Sky would join Dan Lambert's American Top Team stable. On the October 27 episode of "Dynamite", Page would challenge Sammy Guevara for his TNT Championship but would lose the match. At New Year's Smash, Page would once again challenge for the TNT Championship. This time against Cody Rhodes. Page would be defeated by Rhodes. The team would quietly break up after Sky lost his TNT Championship to Wardlow on the July 7, 2022 episode of "Dynamite".

At "The House Always Wins", Page would compete in a 15 Man Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. The match would eventually be won by The Butcher.

On the July 1, 2023 episode of "Collision" in his hometown of Hamilton, Page would challenge MJF for his AEW World Championship but would be defeated.


Stumblin' In

"Stumblin' In" is a 1978 song by Chris Norman and Suzi Quatro. It was included on some editions of her fifth studio album "If You Knew Suzi...". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in South Africa, Germany, New Zealand and Australia, number 11 in Canada, number 13 in Ireland and number 3 in the Netherlands and Belgium. It was their only top 40 in the United States. In 2023 it was covered by Australian singer Cyril.

I'm Just Ken

"I'm Just Ken" is a song sang by Canadian actor Ryan Gosling for the 2023 film "Barbie". It was written and produced by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt and appears on the soundtrack album "Barbie the Album". , the song had over 100 million streams on Spotify and over 3 million views on YouTube. It won Best Song at the 29th Critics' Choice Awards and was nominated for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards and is nominated for Best Original Song at the upcoming 96th Academy Awards.

Kyla (Filipino singer)

Melanie Hernandez Calumpad (born January 5, 1981), known as Kyla, is a Filipino singer, actress, and television personality. Known for her vocal range and melismatic singing style, she has been credited with helping to redefine R&B and soul music in the Philippines. She has been cited by media outlets as the country's "Queen of R&B".

Angeline Quinto

Angeline Quinto (born November 26, 1989) is a Filipino singer, actress, and television personality. Known for her vocal range and soulful singing style, Quinto's music has garnered critical praise for its lyrical content and themes of love, heartbreak, and empowerment. It has been featured in the soundtracks of films and television series in the Philippines.

American Airlines fleet

The following is a list of planes flown by American Airlines:
 American Airlines operates the following mainline aircraft:

Steffen Hofmann

Steffen Hofmann ( 9 September 1980 in Würzburg) is a former German football player and current official. He played mainly in Austria as midfielder for SK Rapid Wien. With 540 games he is a record player. In 2010 he became Bundesliga top scorer with 20 goals. He is now part of the executive committee of SK Rapid since November 2022. 
Through the youth clubs 1. FC Kirchheim and Würzburger FV he came to the youth department of FC Bayern Munich in 1996. There he was active until 1999. From 1999 to 2002 he was a member of Bayern's amateur squad. On 27 October 2001 (11th matchday) Hofmann made his debut in the Bundesliga . He came in as a substitute for Claudio Pizarro in the 90th minute versus 1. FC Köln.

2002 he moved to SK Rapid Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga. During the winter break of the 2005/06 season, Steffen Hofmann moved to the second division team TSV 1860 Munich. In July 2006 he returned to Rapid. After a injury he became a dominant figure in the team. In the 2009/10 season he became Austria's top scorer with 20 goals.No other midfielder in Austria had achieved this till that time. Hofmann's contract ended on 30 June 2018. After his contract expired, he ended his career. 

In September 2020 he became coach of SK Rapid Wien II as head coach. For the 2021/22 season, Patrick Jovanovic took over the head coaching position and Hofmann was assistance coach. In November 2021, he took over as interim head coach of the Rapids first team together with Thomas Hickersberger.

In January 2022, Hofmann left the Rapid II coaching staff and became Rapid's sports coordinator. Under President Alexander Wrabetz, he became a member of the executive board of SK Rapid in November 2022. Since December 2022 he has been managing director of SK Rapid GmbH. 

2024 Tasmanian state election

The 2024 Tasmanian state election will be held on 23 March 2024 to elect all 35 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It will be conducted by the Tasmanian Electoral Commission (TEC).

Rochdale (UK Parliament constituency)

Rochdale is a seat represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. It has elected one Member of Parliament (MP) since it was created in 1832.

The Rochdale constituency has above average unemployment and many people living in poverty. There is a significant British Asian community in the constituency. Since 1997, the constituency has also included the semi-rural suburb of Littleborough where there are fewer poor people.

It was represented by Tony Lloyd of the Labour Party until his death on 17 January 2024 and a by-election is to take place on 29 February 2024. He was first elected MP for this seat in 2017; previously, he had been the MP for Stretford and then Manchester Central from 1983 until his resignation from Parliament in 2012.

Azhar Ali was selected as the Labour Party candidate on 27 January 2024. He is the leader of the Labour group on Lancashire county council. He was a candidate for the Westminster seat of Pendle in 2015 and 2019. During the campaign, Ali came under fire over the content of a recording obtained by the "Daily Mail", in which he suggested at a meeting that Israel allowed the 7 October attacks to go ahead. When the recording was made public, Ali said he was wrong to say that and apologised. Following information about additional comments by Ali, Labour withdrew its support for Ali on 12 February, and the party will no longer devote resources to his campaign. Before this Ali had received abuse for Labour's position on Israel despite his own support for Palestine.

Former Labour and Respect Party MP George Galloway is standing for the Workers Party of Britain. He is focusing his campaign on support for Palestine. He was critical of Keir Starmer. His activism was criticised by Azhar Ali as divisive.

Simon Danczuk is the candidate for Reform UK. Danczuk was the Labour MP for Rochdale from 2010 until 2015, when he was suspended from the party after it emerged he had exchanged explicit messages with a 17-year-old girl. He then sat as an independent until the 2017 election where he ran for re-election as an independent but finished in fifth place with 1.8%, losing his deposit.

Iain Donaldson is the Liberal Democrat candidate. Donaldson was a councillor in Manchester for 19 years and worked as an administrator at the University of Manchester. He stated that his intentions would be to hold the government to account over the NHS, cost of living crisis, and tolerance of water pollution.

Guy Otten was initially selected as the Green Party candidate. On 7 February, however, after social media posts discussing Gaza and the Muslim faith he had made between 2013 and 2015 came to light, the party announced that they were no longer supporting him. Otten said that he would not campaign in the election.

There are four independent candidates. Michael Howarth is a local business owner who is campaigning on local issues and support for additional NHS funding. William Howarth is campaigning on issues related to the Rochdale child sex abuse ring and child sexual abuse at large. David Tully is campaigning on various local issues. Mark Coleman is a climate change activist and former vicar of Rochdale who is campaigning for "radical action on climate". He was jailed in April 2023 for his part in a Just Stop Oil protest in Bishopsgate, London. Despite running as an independent, he has the support of two local Labour Party officers. He formerly ran as a Green Party candidate for council elections in Liverpool.

Ernst Winkler

Ernst Winkler was an Austrian football player. He played at the beginning of the 20th century as forward for SC Rudolfshügel. In 1920 he became top scorer of the 1. Klasse, the then highest league in Austria, with 21 goals.

Jane Slaughter

Jane A Slaughter (born 1961) is an English actress and former ballet dancer. She is best known for portraying Tracey in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Jane A Slaughter was born in Rochford, Essex, England in 1961, as the elder of two children to Michael William Slaughter (1939–1997) and Rosemary L Slaughter (née Parton; born 1942). Her younger sister is Fiona E Dixon (née Slaughter; born 1963).

Slaughter attended Elmhurst Ballet School, a private school in Birmingham, West Midlands. She graduated in 1978.

Slaughter made her professional career debut as a ballet dancer at the age of 14.

Slaughter made her debut as an actress on 5 October 1975, with the role of Petrova Fossil in the BBC One television adaptation of the novel "Ballet Shoes". She portrayed Bella in three episodes of the BBC One children's television series "Katy" in 1976. She portrayed Joanna in two episodes of the BBC Two drama "The History Man" in 1981.

Slaughter has portrayed Tracey (known to fans as Tracey the barmaid) in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" since 19 February 1985. Her character has worked as a barmaid at The Queen Victoria (The Queen Vic) public house since 1988, having worked on the flower stall in Bridge Street Market prior to her current job. She still owns the stall, but hires others to work on it. She was not credited in the role until episode 126 on 1 May 1986, which was the first episode in which her character spoke. Her character rarely speaks. In 2010, the character of Fatboy joked about her silence; "Don't talk to Tracey... as she goes on, and on, and on..." Her character was given her first storyline in 2015. She is the longest-serving character and cast member, with no breaks or temporary exits. She has admitted that she thought her character would be on the show for six months.

Slaughter has appeared in three "Children in Need" television spin-offs from "EastEnders"; "Dimensions in Time" on 27 November 1993, "Pudding Lane" on 26 November 1999 and "The Ghosts of Ian Beale" on 14 November 2014. She appeared in an episode of "EastEnders Revealed" on 31 March 2005.

Slaughter married her first husband, Anthony N King, in Surrey in October 1983, at the age of 22. They have two sons together; Oliver James King (born May 1988) and William George King (born February 1992). The couple later divorced.

Slaughter married Raymond Edward Tomkins on 2 October 2015. She gained two grown stepdaughters upon this marriage. The couple began a relationship on 9 January 2012.

Slaughter had a 26 year friendship with her former "EastEnders" co-star Dame Barbara Windsor prior to Windsor's death on 10 December 2020. The pair met at the BBC Elstree Centre in 1994. She participated in the London Marathon on 28 April 2019, as a member of Barbara's Revolutionaries, and on 23 April 2023, as a member of Babs' Army, both in Windsor's memory. Speaking to Dementia Revolution in January 2019, she said; "I run regularly but not very far so for me I'm daunted but excited. My mantra is one of support. Support Scott, support Barbara, support everybody who is living with this disease, in one way or another."

Star Wars (1991 video game)

Star Wars is a 1991 platform game made primarily by Lucasfilm Games.

Owner-occupancy

Owner-occupancy or home-ownership is a form of housing in which a person, called the owner-occupier, owner-occupant, or home owner, owns the home in which they live. The home can be a house, such as a single-family house, an apartment, condominium, or a housing cooperative. Owner-occupancy is also a real estate investment. The value of housing generally increases over time. 

Some homes are built by or for the people who want to live in them. Many are inherited. A large number are bought, as new homes from a real estate developer or as an existing home from a landlord or an owner-occupier.

A home is the most expensive single purchase most people make. It usually costs several year's household income. Most people do not have enough money to pay the entire amount outright. They borrow money using the home as security. This is called a mortgage. They have to pay interest on the loan. If they dont pay the lender can take their home. 

In many countries the government helps people to buy homes. There may be grants or subsidies. They may have to meet certain qualifications to get this help such as being a first-time homebuyer or having an income below a certain level.

They may have to pay property taxes, related to the value of the property, either every year, or when the property is sold.

"Source: Housing Finance Information Network (HOFINET)

Babyshambles

Babyshambles is a British indie rock band formed in 2003 by singer and guitarist Pete Doherty. The band gained significant attention due to Doherty's previous involvement with another notable British rock band, The Libertines, which he co-founded with Carl Barât.

Tied cottage

In the United Kingdom, a tied cottage is a dwelling (not always a cottage) owned by an employer for an employee to live in. If the employee leaves their job they may have to leave it. i. While the term originally applied mainly to cottages, it may be loosely applied to any tied accommodation from a small flat to a large house. The idea is generally associated with farming, but may occur in other jobs. It is still common in churches. It used to be common in the police, in railways, and in public parks. It gave employers great power over their workers.

The concept has been in use at least since the 18th century. There has been considerable debate, particularly in the 20th century, over whether the system is fair to occupiers, and a number of laws have been enacted or amended to improve their security of tenure. The concept still exists, though in a substantially different form from the original idea.

Home insurance

Home insurance is a type of insurance policy that covers losses and damages to the home and/or its contents. Home insurance protects homeowners from perils such as fire, flood, vandalism, theft, malicious damage, water, wind, hurricane, earthquake, the weight of snow, hail, and more. Insured perils and amount of coverage are listed in the policy documents. Coverage varies according to the type of policy. Some policies cover only the building, while some include contents. There are also other benefits that may be included in the homeowners insurance policy such as Additional Living Expenses, which is the added cost the insured incurs when using alternative accommodation if the home is uninhabitable.

The effects of climate change are pushing up the costs of home insurance. Extreme weather events such as storms, floods and wildfires have become more frequent and severe 

Songkok

The Songkok, also called Peci or Kopiah, is a hat worn by Muslim men in many Southeast Asian countries like Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, southern Philippines, and southern Thailand. It looks like a cone and is often made of black or fancy felt, cotton, or velvet. People wear it on special times like weddings, funerals, and holidays such as Eid ul-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. In Indonesia, it is also linked to the nationalist movement.

In Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, it is called ""songkok"", while in Java, it is called ""kopiah"" or ""kopeah"". In Indonesia, it is usually called ""peci"", though the peci might be a bit different, being more oval-shaped and sometimes decorated.

The kopiah has been around for a long time. It was worn by special Majapahit soldiers in the past. The mention of kopiah goes back to the 16th century and was mentioned in Pigafetta's Italian-Malay vocabulary. In the epic Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain, written before 1600 AD, there's a part where someone wears a golden rosary kopiah.

Historians think the songkok became popular in the 13th century when Islam spread in the area. But the first written record of the word "songkok" is in "Syair Siti Zubaidah" from 1840. Traditionally, the special triangular Malay headgear, Tengkolok or destar, was worn by important people like nobles and kings. But the songkok later became connected with Islam, especially for Malay men.

The Royal Malay Regiment of the Malaysian Army has been wearing the songkok as part of their uniform since the time of British rule.

The songkok is worn by Muslim men for important events. In Indonesia, it became important because of a leader named Sukarno. He and other leaders like Mohammad Hatta and Agus Salim made the peci, another name for the songkok, popular. Sukarno even made the plain black velvet peci the official hat of Indonesia.

In Indonesia, presidents and palace guards wear the peci as part of their uniform. During the Indonesian Independence Day ceremony, a special group called Paskibraka wear it too. Some women wear a different kind of peci with a curved back.In Malaysia, men wear the songkok along with a shirt, pants, and waist wrap called baju melayu as their traditional dress. During meetings of the legislative assembly, all members wear the songkok with a gold stripe to show respect to the Head of State.

In Singapore, the songkok is not allowed in government schools because of the country's secular rules, but it's part of the uniform in Singaporean Islamic schools.

In the Philippines, the songkok, known as kopiah or kupya, is worn by Bangsamoro men and Muslim Filipinos. Some non-Muslim Lumad datu also wear the kopiah for prayers and social events.

Florence Griffith Joyner

Florence Delorez Griffith Joyner, also known as Flo-Jo, was an American track and field athlete who gained fame for her incredible speed. She set world records in 1988 for the 100m and 200m races. During the late 1980s, she became well-known not only for her athletic achievements but also for her unique personal style. 

Griffith Joyner grew up in California and showed athletic talent from a young age, participating in track meets as a child. She continued competing in track and field while attending California State University, Northridge and later the University of California, Los Angeles. She qualified for the 1980 Olympics in the 100m event, but was unable to compete due to the U.S. boycott. She made her Olympic debut in 1984, winning a silver medal in the 200m race at the Los Angeles Olympics. At the 1988 U.S. Olympic trials, Griffith set a new world record in the 100m sprint and went on to win three gold medals at the 1988 Olympics. Surprisingly, she retired from athletics in February 1989. Despite leaving the world of sports, she remained a prominent figure in popular culture.

Reinsurance

Reinsurance is insurance that an insurance company purchases from another insurance company to protect itself (at least in part) from the risks that are too big for itself, like a major disaster. With reinsurance, the company passes on ("cedes") some part of its own insurance liabilities to the other insurance company. The company that purchases the reinsurance policy is referred to as the "ceding company" or "cedent". The company issuing the reinsurance policy is referred to as the "reinsurer". In the classic case, reinsurance helps insurance companies to remain solvent after major claims events, like hurricanes or wildfires. 

The reinsurer may be either a specialist reinsurance company, which only undertakes reinsurance business, or another insurance company.

2023–24 Cleveland Cavaliers season

The 2023–24 Cleveland Cavaliers season is the 54th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They entered the season coming off a championship win in the NBA Summer League. They are lead by Donovan Mitchell.

The Cavaliers entered the draft with a second round pick. With the pick, they selected Emoni Bates from Eastern Michigan.
Trades:

William Monroe Trotter

William Monroe Trotter was an activist for African American civil rights. 

Mount Marapi

The Marapi, or Mount Marapi is a volcano in West Sumatra, Indonesia, and is the most active volcano in Sumatra. Just like Mount Merapi on Java, its name means "Mountain of Fire". Its elevation is . Many cities and towns are located around the mountain such as Bukittinggi, Padang Panjang, and Batusangkar. The volcano is also popular among hikers.

According to legend, the mountain is where the Minangkabau people first settled after their ship landed on the mountain when it was the size of an egg and surrounded by water. There are large numbers of burial stones in the region which are facing in the direction of the mountain, showing that it is important to their culture.

The volcano has a known history of eruptions. Marapi had a large eruption in September 1830. In January 1975 an eruption occurred with mudflows and lahars that caused fatalities in the surrounding area. A large eruption happened in 1979, which killed 60 people. At least one person was killed during an eruption in 1996. In April–May 2018 ashfalls to the southeast occurred.

Since 2011, the volcano has been at the second level of a four-tier alert system made by the Volcanological Survey of Indonesia. Predicting the volcano's behavior is hard because the source of its eruptions are shallow and near its peak, while its eruptions are not caused by a deep movement of magma that can be detected as volcanic earthquakes on seismic monitors. Even though there are common eruptions, there are about 1,400 people living on the mountain's slopes in the villages of Rubai and Gobah Cumantiang, which are about 5 to 6 kilometers from the summit.

On 3 December 2023, the volcano erupted, leaving 23 climbers dead. Three people were injured and rescued. The ash reached to a height of and fell in nearby regions. A exclusion zone was announced.

On 22 December, the volcano erupted again, shooting out volcanic ash that cancelled the flights at Minangkabau International Airport.

As of January 2024, at least 113 eruptions have happened on Marapi since its original activity in December, with the latest eruption occurring on 23 January. Ash has risen at least 1300 meters into the air and residents within 4.5 kilometers of the mountain have been recommended to leave their homes.

Miguel Bossio

Miguel Bossio (Born; February 17, 1968) is an Argentine journalist, writer and television presenter. He is currently part of Telefe, on the nightly news program Telefe Noticias.
For 18 years, Miguel worked as a sports journalist in the editorial office of the prestigious Clarín newspaper, where he left an indelible mark with his dedication and passion for sports.

In 2011, Miguel entered the world of television, where he found a new platform to express his talent and share information with the public. His ability to communicate clearly and passionately led him to be part of the team at the TN news channel, where he contributed his experience and professionalism.

Oxygen Green Party

The Oxygen Green Party is a political party in Colombia. 

Polypedates teraiensis

The common tree frog, six-lined tree frog, Terei tree frog, Teraiensis whipping frog, or perching frog ("Polypedates teraiensis") is a frog. It lives in Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, and Nepal, and scientists think it could also livein China. People have seen it between 40 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in many kinds of places, including tree farms, forests, and paddy fields. The female frog makes a nest out of foam on a plant over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Salam Farmandeh

Salam Farmandeh (Persian: سلام فرمانده, Peace be upon you, O commander) also referred to as 'Salam Ya Mahdi' is a propaganda song in the Persian language created by the Iranian musician Abuzar Rouhi, about Qasem Soleimani, Imam Mahdi, and Shiism which is performed commonly in large groups by young children around the world.
The song was released in March of 2022, a day before the Persian New Year (Farvardin 1401) on social media and started to become popular between the months of April and May of 2022. The song is targeted to younger generations such as Gen Z highlighting the contributions of the Islamic Revolution to them and promoting ideologies of the Islamic Revolution to them.

Many westerners see the song as propaganda to push the narratives of the Islamic Republic and promote martyrdom.

Ben Champniss

Ben Champniss (born 20 September 1984) is an English actor and musician. He is best known for portraying Shrimpy in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Ben Champniss was born in Dacorum, Hertfordshire, England on 20 September 1984, as the younger of two sons to Terence Alan "Terry" Champniss (1958–2010) and Jacqueline Champniss (née Hosier).

Champniss attended Ashlyns School. He graduated with two A Levels in music film and in drama and theatre studies film, and two GCSEs in music film and in drama film.

Champniss made his debut as an actor on 14 July 2000, with an uncredited role in the American superhero film "X-Men". He made an uncredited appearance in the 2011 fantasy film "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2". He made an uncredited appearance in the 2011 romantic drama film "One Day". He made an uncredited appearance in the 2012 American science fiction action-adventure film "John Carter". Champniss made an uncredited appearance in the 2013 biographical television film "An Adventure in Time and Space".

Champniss made his credited acting debut on 15 October 2013, with the role of Rent Boy in the BBC Two comedy-drama series "The Wrong Mans".

Champniss joined the cast of the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders" on 14 April 2014, with the role of market trader Shrimpy. He was not credited in the role until episode 5155 on 15 October 2015.

Champniss is also as a self employed musician.

Champniss has been married to Georgia Jennings since 12 May 2018. The couple got engaged in Greece in June 2016. They have a son, Freddie Robert, who was born on 24 July 2021.

John Mensah

John Mensah (born November 29, 1982) is a former Ghanaian professional footballer who last played as a defender for AFC United in the Swedish second-tier. Regarded as one of the best African defenders in football, Ghanaians loved to call John "The Rock of Gibraltar" because of his immense strength and his incredible man-marking abilities. A center-half by choice, he is also adept at right-back and has played in both positions for his national side, also captaining the team on occasions. 
In the summer of 1999 he moved from MBC Accra to Bologna and joined the youth teams, in January 2000 he was loaned to Bellinzona to gain experience in the Swiss cadet series.

He moved to Genoa for the 2001-2002 Serie B season, under the management of Riccardo Sogliano and under the guidance of Franco Scoglio, collecting 24 appearances and 3 goals. At the end of the season, the then president of Genoa Luigi Dalla Costa did not exercise the right of redemption and the player moved to ChievoVerona of president Luca Campedelli who bought him permanently.

In his first season in Serie A, he took the field on a few occasions; the same fate also in the following season and then in January he was loaned to Modena until the end of the championship: here he found little space taking the field 6 times.

In the first two seasons, he made 13 appearances. And, during the season, Obuasi's defender went on loan to Modena, a club that in the meantime was in Serie A. Six appearances in six months, then a return to Chievo.

He returned to Chievo Verona for the 2004-2005 season, where he played consistently late in the season, under the guidance of coach Mario Beretta.

In the following season he went back to Serie B in the ranks of Cremonese; after the relegation of his team, he moved to French football purchased by Rennes.

In the summer of 2008 he moved to Olympique Lyonnais, and then moved to the Premier League the following year in the ranks of Sunderland. At the end of the season he returned to Lyon but the two clubs agreed on a new annual loan for the sum of €500,000 with an option to buy, mandatory after 25 appearances, of €5.5 million. 

On 2 July 2012, he terminated his contract with Lyon until June 2013. On 14 September, he joined West Ham on a trial run alongside Mikaël Silvestre and Anthony Vanden Borre. Although at first, unlike Silvestre and Vanden Borre, the Hammers seemed intent on signing him, on 22 September 2012 manager Sam Allardyce declared that he had decided not to sign him.

In 2012 he returned to his homeland where he signed a contract with Ghanaian side Accra Hearts of Oak Sporting Club, but on 2 January 2013 he was re-signed on a six-month contract by Rennes. In 2013-2014 he had a parenthesis in his homeland and one in Slovakia, at Nitra. After a period of inactivity, Mensah signed in March 2016 with AFC United, a team in the second Swedish league.

In 2001, John Mensah was selected to participate in the World Junior Championships (U20) with his country. Ghana reached the final by eliminating Brazil (with a goal from John Mensah), but lost to Argentina. Several elements of this generation played, such as Mensah, who went on to play for the national team, such as Sulley Muntari and Michael Essien. He made his debut for the Black Stars senior in December 2001 against Algeria.

Also with the Ghanaian youth team, he participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

This same Ghanaian generation qualified the country for the first World Cup in its history and travelled to Germany in June 2006 under Serbian coach Ratomir Dujkovic. Ghana came out on top of the competition in the round of 16, eliminated by Brazil.

In 2008, he took part in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) held in Ghana. His team lost in the semi-finals to Cameroon and eventually finished third in the competition thanks to a final victory over Côte d'Ivoire in the small final (4-2). In 2010, he flew with the Ghana national team for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Ghana made it to the quarter-finals but lost on penalties to Uruguay, while Mensah's shot was saved. Mensah scored his first goal ever for Ghana against Sudan in 2011, In December 2011, Mensah was named to the Ghana's squad for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations, which was co-hosted by Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. In a match against Botswana on 24 January 2012, he scored his first goal of the tournament, but was sent–off in the 66th minute, in a 1–0 win. After serving a one match suspension, he didn't return until on 5 February 2012 when Mensah scored his second goal of the tournament, in a 2–1 win against Tunisia. He went on to play three times in tournament, as Ghana finished fourth place following a 2–0 defeat to Mali. Despite this, Mensah was included in the Confederation of African Football All-Stars team for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. It was not until on 15 August 2012 when he made his last Ghana appearance and played 45 minutes, in a 1–1 draw against China.

Following this, Mensah never played for the national team again despite calls from peers to convince Ghana to call him up. Throughout his international career at Ghana, Mensah has been a regular for the national team, playing almost every match since, rising in the rank of importance to become the assistant-captain and captain of the national team, earning 86 cap and scoring three times.
Ghana U20
Ghana

Individual


Organ trade

Organ trade means treating human organs as a product, and trading with them, usually to make a profit. In many cases, the traded organs are used for transplantation. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), organ trade is a commercial transplantation where there is a profit, or transplantations that occur outside of national medical systems. There is a global need or demand for healthy body parts for transplantation, which exceeds the numbers available. 

, there are more than 100,000 people waiting for an organ transplant in the United States. The median wait time for heart and liver transplants in the U.S. between 2003 and 2014, was approximately 148 days. Average time waiting for donor organs varies significantly depending on the patient's UNOS status. Patients listed as Heart Status A1 wait an average of 73 days. Like with other medical subjects, many countries have regulations, how organs can be donated, and how these donated organs have to be transferred from one person to the other. Also, if it is used for transplantation, the organ transferred needs to be kept alive. Often, this requires a lot of technology. Also, the time an organ can survive outside the body is limited, which means that the distances that can be covered are limited.

There is a worldwide shortage of organs available for transplantation. Despite this, the commercial trade of human organs is illegal in all countries except Iran. Despite these prohibitions, organ trafficking and transplant tourism are widespread. The question of whether to legalize and regulate the organ trade to fight against illegal trafficking and organ shortage is greatly debated. This discussion typically centers on the sale of kidneys by living donors, since human beings are born with two kidneys but need only one to survive.

Trading with organs also raises a number of issues that need to be addressed:


People can give (or donate) their organs, willingly, and they will be given to another person. In many cases, this happens after their death. The organs are transferred according ot strict rule. Usually the transfer is supervised by state institutions, or medical staff. The patient recieving the organ will only have to pay a small part of the cost, the state will take most of it. 

There are many people waitng for an organ. Depending on the organ, and the conditions, high profits can be made with selling organs. There are organized groups that trade with organs. One method is to make a poor person in an underdeveloped country agree to sell an organ. That organ can be sold in a rich country, for considerable profit. In some cases, the perople aren't asked and their organs are simply taken without their permission. 

Emmanuel Amunike

Emmanuel Amunike (born 25 December 1970) is a Nigerian professional football manager and former professional football player who played as a winger.

Zamalek

Sporting CP

Barcelona

Nigeria

Individual

Nigeria U17

Philip R. Rosendahl

Philip R. Rosendahl (1893–1974) was the acting governor of the Danish colony of Greenland from 1925 to 1928 and the governor from 1929 to 1939. A journalist by trade, he moved to Greenland in 1913, and began a lifelong career in the politics of the territory. From 1939 to 1950

Union City

Union City is the name of several places:


Chris McCarrell

Chris McCarrell is an American theater actor and singer. Chis was born on January the 9th, 1991. Chris also plays as Percy Jackson in the Broadway musical Percy Jackson and The Lightning Thief.

Baulkham Hills High School

Baulkham Hills High School is a school. It is located in Baulkham Hills in New South Wales, Australia.

The principal is Wayne Humphreys. The school has a history of academic achievement In 2010, the school was ranked the most popular school in NSW for high school applications.

Leithfield

Leithfield is a small town in the Hurunui District, New Zealand. It is situated 5 kilometers south of Amberley and 42 kilometers north of Christchurch on State Highway 1. It has a primary school located in the town and lies south of the Kowai River.

Army of Islam

Jaysh al-Islam ( Jaysh al-Islam) is a jihadist militant group inside of the Gaza Strip. The group was founded by the Doghmush family in the year 2006, and are based in the neighbourhood of Tzabra. The group has been designated a terrorist group by the US and UAE due to being a affiliate of Al-Qaeda.

According the government of the United States, the group follows the sect of Salafism and mixes the ideologies of global jihad and Palestinian armed resistance against the zionist entity together. The group has attempted to contact Al-Qaeda and after the death of Osama bin Laden, they praised him as a martyr.

The group was linked to the 2011 Alexandria Bombing inside of a church which resulted in 23 deaths. The Interior Minister of Egypt said on the 23rd of January 2011 that the group planned and executed the attack. The group denied responsibility for the attack but supported the bombing.

Madrid derby

The Madrid Derby is a match between Real Madrid CF and Atlético Madrid. Both clubs are from Madrid in Spain, making this a famous rivalry.

The last rivalry faced between the two clubs, Atletico Madrid won 4-2 in extra time due to a goal by Riquelme.

Winterhawk

Winterhawk is a 1975 American western movie directed by Charles B. Pierce and starring Leif Erickson, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, L. Q. Jones, Elisha Cook Jr., Seamon Glass, Ace Powell, Dawn Wells. It was distributed by Howco International Pictures.


35 Biggest Hits

35 Biggest Hits is a 2008 compilation album by country singer Toby Keith. It was released on 6 May, 2008. It went to number 1 in the United States and number 17 in Canada.

Kaitaia

Kaitaia is a town in the Far North District of the North Island. It is about 160 kilometers northwest of Whangārei and is the last major town on the way to Cape Reinga on State Highway 1. It has 7 schools including Kaitaia College. It has a warm climate in New Zealand and suffers from frequent droughts in the 2009/10 and 2019/20 summers. It thrives on wine and honey industry and beef farming.

Adarsh Gunduraj

Adarsh Gunduraj ("Adarsh Kaginere") is an Indian actor, film producer, and chartered accountant. He started his acting career in the movie Yeh Dil Ramta Jogi, but most of his work is in Kannada cinema. He gained recognition for his role in Swartharatna (2018) and became famous for his performance in 2nd Life (2022).

Adarsh is notable for being the first chartered accountant to take on leading roles in Kannada cinema.

Adarsh Gunduraj was born in Hongadahalla Village, Sakleshpura Taluk, Hassan District, Karnataka. His dad, Gunduraj K P, is a farmer and businessman, and his mom is Yashoda D M.

Adarsh went to Govt Primary School, Hongadahalla, Sakleshpura for primary school and Vidyadayini High School, Surathkal Mangalore for secondary school. He then studied at Govindadasa College of Mangalore University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in BCom. Later, he completed his MCom from Karnataka State Open University, Mysore. He also became a chartered accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Adarsh media career began with TV advertisements and made his debut in Hindi film "Yeh Dil Ramta Jogi" (2014) as a guest role but in 2018 he gained fame for his lead role in "Swartharatna".

In 2022 under "Jayanna Combines Films" and "Shukra Films" he acted in "2nd Life", a mystery thriller highlighting the importance of stem cells.

He owns a film production company called Running Horse Creations, which is credited with "Swartharatna" (2018).

Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories

People think Obama was not born in Hawaii but in Kenya they wanted to throw him of the president title. Even though he presented his birth certificate and information from the hospital they still denied it and tried getting impeached. Trump started many rumours over the course of 5 years and never apologised

Santa Luzia, Paraíba

Santa Luzia is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.


Singkil

Singkil (Jawi: سيڠكيل) is a folk dance from the Philippines. It comes from the Maranao Muslim people who live near Lake Lanao in Mindanao. It's called the royal dance because it's like a dance for a prince and princess. They move gracefully between bamboo poles that people clap together to make music. The man usually holds a sword and shield, while the woman twirls fans in a beautiful way.

This dance gets its name from the bells on the ankles of the Maranao princess called ""Singkil"". It's always performed with a special kind of music played on "kulintang" and "agung" instruments. Singkil has changed over time, especially when the "Bayanihan folk dance group" added parts of the Darangen epic story, like the tale of Prince Bantugan and Princess Gandingan.

Singkil's beginnings are uncertain, but it's a newer tradition among the Maranao people. Some say it started in Basak and spread to other villages in the 1930s, while others believe it came to Lanao from Cotabato. It's thought to have begun when folk dancing was introduced in Lanao's schools in the early 1900s.

Henrietta Hofer-Ele was one of the first to study the dance, which she saw in Marawi. With the help of Princess Tarhata Alonto-Lucman, she learned the dance's movements involving fans. Later, the Bayanihan Philippine National Folk Dance Company performed it as a special dance.

Bayanihan expanded Singkil with more characters, like warriors and a prince. They included parts of the Darangen epic, where Prince Bantugan saves Princess Gandingan during an earthquake.

In the dance, the lead female dancer represents Princess Gandingan, showing a story from the Darangen epic. She dances alone between bamboo poles while others use fans and play the role of Prince Bantugan.

Some people criticized Bayanihan's performance, saying it didn't match Maranao traditions, especially by calling it a royal dance. Bayanihan has since made changes, describing their dance as inspired by the Maranao epic Darangen. They now follow Maranao Islamic customs more closely, like having male dancers wear long-sleeved shirts.

The singkil is one of the most popular dances in the Philippines. It involves bamboo poles and fast footwork. It tells a story about a princess lost in a stormy forest and the prince who rescues her. A woman wears a colorful gown and acts as the princess. She holds two fans and wears ankle bells called singkil, which gives the dance its name. Servants dance around her and hold a umbrella to protect her. The storm begins with four men acting as angry monkeys, banging bamboo poles on the floor. The princess and her servants dance between the poles without touching them. The storm gets worse, and the bamboo poles move faster, making it hard to hear the singkil bells. The dance ends when the prince scares away the storm.

77th British Academy Film Awards

The 77th British Academy Film Awards, commonly known as the BAFTAs, was an award ceremony honouring the best national and foreign movies of 2023. It was held at the Royal Festival Hall within London's Southbank Centre on 18 February 2024.

The ceremony's host is David Tennant, who hosted it for the first time.

The BAFTA longlists were revealed on 5 January 2024. The nominations were announced on 18 January. "Oppenheimer" received thirteen nominations, followed by "Poor Things" and "Killers of the Flower Moon" with eleven and nine respectively. "Oppenheimer" had the most awards with seven wins, followed by "Poor Things" with five.

Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

"Barbie", "Killers of the Flower Moon" and "Oppenheimer" led the longlists with fifteen nods each, which was the same amount of nods that "All Quiet on the Western Front" (2022) received at the previous ceremony. "Poor Things" and "Maestro" followed up with fourteen and twelve nods respectively. "Oppenheimer" eventually received thirteen nominations while "Poor Things" and "Killers of the Flower Moon" obtained eleven and nine respectively. "Barbie" had only received five nominations, which did not include Best Film and Best Director (Greta Gerwig).

The ceremony was streamed live on BBC One and iPlayer in the United Kingdom, and on BritBox International in Canada, Denmark, Finland, Norway, South Africa, Sweden, and the United States.

Argylle

Argylle is a 2024 spy action comedy movie. The movie was directed and produced by Matthew Vaughn and authored by Jason Fuchs. The movie is planned to be released on Apple TV+ on a later date. 

 

Eske Brun

Eske Brun (May 25, 1904 – October 11, 1987) was a high civil servant in and later governor of Greenland and in relation to Greenland from 1932 to 1964. Eske Brun was buried in the Humlebæk Cemetery, Zealand, Denmark, following his death on October 11, 1987, in Soelleroed, Zealand, Denmark. No document revealing Eske Brun's cause of death has ever been uncovered.

The Heart Part 5

The Heart Part 5 is a song by the rapper Kendrick Lamar. It was released as a surprise on the 8th of May 2022. It is the 5th part of his series called "The Heart" with part 4 releasing in 2017.

Vikkstar

Vikram Singh Barn (born 2 August 1995), better known as Vikkstar123, is an English YouTuber, Internet personality, DJ and music producer. He is a member of the YouTube group the Sidemen.

Polypedates zed

The Nepalese tree frog or Narayanghat whipping frog ("Polypedates zed") is a frog. It lives in Nepal. Scientists think it also lives in India. People have seen it between 100 and 300 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests.

Control group

Control group in a science experiment is like a special group that helps us understand the effects of what we're testing. It's kept separate to make sure that changes we make don't mess up our results. This way, we can be more certain about what's really causing things to happen.

Imagine you have a garden and you want to see if a new type of fertilizer makes your plants grow taller. To find out, you decide to do an experiment.

In your experiment, you have two groups of plants. One group gets the new fertilizer, and the other group doesn't get any fertilizer at all. The group that doesn't get any fertilizer is called the "control group."

Now, think of the control group as the standard or normal group. Since they don't get the new fertilizer, you can compare how the plants in this group grow naturally without any special treatment.

By having a control group, you can see if the changes in the group that got the new fertilizer are because of the fertilizer itself or if it's just how plants naturally grow. It helps scientists make sure that any differences they see are really because of what they're testing and not just random variations. So, the control group is like the baseline that helps us understand if something new really makes a difference.

There are two types of control groups: "positive" and "negative".
The terms "positive control group" and "negative control group" refer to two different types of control groups used in experiments.

This group is not expected to show any significant response or effect.
It helps to ensure that the experimental setup is not causing unexpected changes on its own.
It provides a baseline to compare with the experimental group, helping researchers confirm that any observed effects are due to the specific treatment being tested.
Example: In a medicine test, a negative control group might receive a placebo (a fake treatment with no active ingredients). If the placebo group shows no improvement, it suggests that any improvement in the actual treatment group is likely due to the treatment itself and not just the act of receiving any treatment.

This group is expected to show a known and significant response.
It helps to 
validate that the experimental setup is capable of producing the expected effects.
It serves as a comparison to the experimental group, indicating whether the experimental treatment is performing as expected.

In a medicine test, a positive control group might receive a well-established and effective medication. If this group responds positively, it ensures that the experimental setup is capable of detecting a treatment effect. It also provides a benchmark to compare the effectiveness of the new treatment.

In summary, the terms "positive" and "negative" refer to the expected outcomes in these control groups. "Negative" means no significant effect is expected, while "positive" means a known and significant effect is anticipated. Both types of control groups help ensure the reliability and validity of experimental results.

Bob Moore (American food executive)

Robert Gene Moore (February 15, 1929 – February 10, 2024) was an American food executive, who, along with his wife Charlee, founded Bob's Red Mill, a brand of whole-grain foods and baking products, in 1978. An illustration of Moore's face is found on all of the company's products, alongside the salutation "To Your Good Health". He died at his home in Milwaukie, Oregon on February 10, 2024, five days before his 95th birthday.
Brampton Beast

The Brampton Beast were a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2013 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team last played in the ECHL. They played their home games in Brampton, Ontario at the CAA Centre.

On January 23, 2013, it was announced that the Central Hockey League Board of Directors had approved a CHL expansion team to Brampton, Ontario. On April 10, it was announced that team would be called the Brampton Beast after the name to as chosen in a name-the-team contest.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Beast, Allen Americans, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, Tulsa Oilers and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 24, 2014, the team would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Toledo Walleye 6–3.

On March 9, 2016, Brampton city council approved a three-year; $1.5 million sponsorship agreement for the Powerade Centre and it's losses financially after the Beast threatened to stop playing the next season.

They were the ECHL affiliate for the NHL's Montreal Canadiens from 2015 until 2019 and the Ottawa Senators from 2019 until 2020.

The team announced that it would not play the 2020-21 season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The team would never come back and would announce on February 18, 2021 that they had stopped playing entirely.


Abies amabilis

Abies amabilis, or Pacific silver fir is a large evergreen conifer that grows up to 30–45 meters tall and has a trunk diameter of up to 1.2 m. Its bark is light grey, thin, and covered with resin blisters, while older trees darken and develop scales and furrows. The leaves are needle-like, flattened, and have a spiral leaf arrangement. The shoots are orange-red with dense velvety pubescence, and the cones are 9–17 cm long and 4–6 cm broad, dark purple before maturity. The winged seeds are released when the cones disintegrate at maturity about 6–7 months after pollination.

The tree can live to over 400 years old and is closely related to Maries' fir A. mariesii from Japan. It is native to the Pacific Northwest of North America, occurring in the Pacific Coast Ranges and the Cascade Range from the extreme southeast of Alaska, through western British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, to the extreme northwest of California. It grows from sea level to 1,000 m in the north and 610–2,000 m in the south.

Pacific silver fir is found in temperate rainforests with high precipitation and cool, humid summers, growing in dense stands and prospering in shade and snow. Common associate trees include western hemlock, Douglas-fir, and California buckeye. Although its thin bark makes it susceptible to fire, slow-growing saplings succeed less shade-tolerant species.

Indigenous Nations, including the Nuxalk, Haisla, and Kitasoo Nations, used Abies amabilis or Silver Fir for medicinal purposes and entered into nourishing relationships with this plant. Seeds were not brought to England for cultivation until the 19th century, with David Douglas responsible for transporting seed abroad in 1825. The soft and not very strong wood of Pacific silver fir was used for paper making, packing crates, and other cheap construction work.

IslamQA.info

Islam Q&A is an Islamic website that offers answers about the Salafi creed using Quran and Hadith approved by its founder and current leaderMuhammad Al-Munajjid.

The website was one of the first websites to offer Islamic rulings, if not the first. The launch of the website in 1997 by Muhammad Al-Munajjid led the beginning of an attempt to answer question according to the Sunni views of the Quran and Hadith. The website says that "All questions and answers on this site have been prepared, approved, revised, edited, amended or annotated by Shaykh Muhammad Saalih al-Munajjid, the supervisor of this site."

The website is available in 16 different languages which are: 

English

العربية

اُردُو

हिन्दी

Türkçe

Deutsch

বাংলা

漢語

Pусский 

Français

Español
The website provides religious rulings on basic principles of faith, etiquette, morals, history, and poltics.
The website's goal is to be an encyclopedia about Islam.

The website was banned in Saudi Arabia as it was issuing religious rulings independently. In Saudi Arabia, the kingdom's is the only group that can issue religious rulings. The council was given this exclusive permission in a royal proclamation in August 2010 (restrictions were in place since 2005, but they were usually unenforced); which was seen as "the latest example of how the state is working to assert its primacy over the country’s religious establishment."

Red alder

"Alnus rubra", or red alder, is a deciduous broadleaf tree native to western North America. It is the largest species of alder in North America and one of the largest in the world. It can get to heights of 20 to 30 meters. 

The male flowers are dangling reddish catkins, while female flowers occur in clusters of 4 to 6 (8). They develop into small, woody, cone-like oval dry fruit.

The seeds develop between the woody bracts of the 'cones' and are shed in late autumn and winter. Red alder seeds have a membranous winged margin that allows long-distance dispersal. The species can live up to 60 years before being seriously afflicted by heart rot.

The name "red alder" comes from the bright rusty red color in bruised or scraped bark. It grows from Southeast Alaska to central coastal California, mostly within about 200 kilometers of the Pacific coast. In moist forest areas, it covers former burns or clearcuts, often preventing the establishment of conifers.

The tree hosts the nitrogen-fixing actinomycete "Frankia" in nodules on roots. This helps if grow in nitrogen-poor soils and so makes it an important early colonizer of disturbed forests and river areas. Alder leaves, shed in the fall, decay readily to form a nitrogen-enriched humus.

1915-16 Austrian football championship

The 1915-16 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. Although there were originally four championships in the Austria-Hungary empire during the First World War only the first class of the NFV was played as a war championship. There was no relegation.

To secure a properly championship some new decisions regarding transfers were made. Players only had to be registered with a new club for 8 days (coming from non-association clubs) or 14 days (coming from association clubs). Then they were allowed to play championshipmatches. 

P. C. Richard &amp; Son

P.C. Richard & Son is the largest family owned electronics, television, and mattress store chain inside of the United States. Its 66 stores are located in the states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Pennsylvania. The majority of their stores are located in the boroughs of Long Island, Queens, and Brooklyn. The company is well known for its trademarked whistle jingle made by Soundsmith worker Leer Leary. The sound is used by New York Yankees after hitting a goal at the Yankee Stadium. The sound is also used by the Long Island Ducks when they hit a goal.

City of Brisbane

The City of Brisbane is a local government area (LGA) in South East Queensland that includes the majority of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland.

Unlike other capital cities in Australia where the LGA with the city's name in it only represents the inner-city suburbs located in a small part of the central business district, the City of Brisbane is unique because it represents a large portion of the Brisbane metropolitan area. Because of this, it is the most populous local government area in Australia. The other local government areas in Brisbane are the City of Logan in the southwest, the City of Moreton Bay in the north, and the City of Redland in the southeast.

The City of Brisbane is administered by the Brisbane City Council, which meets at Brisbane City Hall. The head of the Brisbane City Council is the Lord Mayor, currently Adrian Schrinner of the Liberal National Party (LNP). Unlike other councils in Australia, the Brisbane City Council acts similar to a mini state parliament, with a formal structure similar to that of a parliament, as well as single-member constituencies called wards that have names and are elected like state electoral districts. Like all councils in Australia, the Brisbane City Council is unicameral, meaning it only has one chamber.

The Quiet Family

The Quiet Family () is a 1998 South Korean British black comedy horror movie directed by first time director Kim Jee-woon. It stars Park In-hwan, Na Moon-hee, Song Kang-ho, Choi Min-sik, Gi Ju-bong, Choi Cheol-ho, Jung Woong-in and Jung Jae-young. It has been remade in Japanese and in Indian languages.


South East Queensland

South East Queensland (SEQ) is a conurbation and region in the Australian state of Queensland, located in the southeastern corner of the state.

The region can be defined in many different ways, but it always includes the three largest cities in the state: Brisbane, the Gold Coast and the Sunshine Coast, as well as the city of Ipswich. It is the third-largest metropolitan area in Australia after Greater Sydney and Greater Melbourne.

In a very broad definition of South East Queensland, it can include the following cities:


It also can include nearby towns, such as Beaudesert and Esk.

Love Hurts

"Love Hurts" is a 1960 song by The Everly Brothers and was taken from their fourth studio album "A Date with the Everly Brothers". It was covered by Roy Orbison in 1961 and went to number 5 in Australia. It was covered again by Scottish rock band Nazareth in 1974 as a hard rock and blues rock track and went to number 8 in the United States, number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in New Zealand and topped the single charts in South Africa, Canada, the Netherlands, Norway and Belgium. It was covered by Cher as the title track to her 20th studio album "Love Hurts".

Master and Servant

"Master and Servant" is a 1984 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Some Great Reward". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 87 in the United States, number 8 in Switzerland, number 6 in Ireland and Belgium, number 4 in Denmark, number 7 in Sweden and number 13 in the Netherlands.

All tracks written by Martin L. Gore.





Track 1 was re-released on the 2- and 3-disc CD versions of "Remixes 81–04", while track 2 only appears on the 3-disc version.




Released as part of the "2 (Singles 7–12)" box set.

Mexican drug war

Mexican drug war or The Cartel Attacks is a serious of drug attacks and terror between the borders of United States and Mexico.

Orari, New Zealand

Orari is a small settlement in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is roughly halfway between Ashburton and Timaru on State Highway and is situated 8 kilometers east of Geraldine. It had a primary school that closed in 2004 and had less than 600mm of rain recorded in 2014 and 2015. It has a racecourse.

Otto Necas

Otto Necas was an Austrian football player and manager. He played as striker mainly for SC Rudolfshügel. After the end of his playing career he became manager.
He played with 1. Simmeringer SC in the 1913/14 season. Then he moved to SC Rudolfshügel. There he played between 1915 and 1925. In the 1915–16 Austrian championship he was third in the top scorer list. Besides SC Rudolfshügel, he played played for ASV Hertha Wien in the 1918-19 season .

In 1917 he played for the team of Lower-Austria against Bohemia. 1918 he played for the Vienna selection against Kraków.

As manager he worked in Yugoslavia for FK Vojvodina. Before he coached for a brief period SK Soko a club from the from the capital Belgrade. 1930-31 he was manager of FC Metz in France.

Josef Herschl

Josef Herschl (16 June 1897 - 13 July 1960) was an Austrian footballer. He played in the 1910s as goalkeeper. 
Hersch played for VfB Mödling, Fünfhaus and SK Rapid Wien as goalkeeper. In the 1915-1916 season he became Austrian champion with SK Rapid Wien.
Austrian championː 1916

Tony Yeboah

Anthony Yeboah (born 6 June 1966) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a striker. Considered one of the best Ghanaian players of all time. He was a striker gifted with speed, power and a good eye for goal. Yeboah was an all-action centre-forward, with the physicality to ruffle defenders at will and the technique to score wonder goals almost every other week. At 5ft 11ins tall, Yeboah had everything a top striker required - pace, power, tenacity and clinical finishing.

In adult football, he made his debut in 1982 with performances for "Asante Kotoko", after which he played in his homeland for the "Cornerstones" and "Okwavu United" clubs, becoming the two-time top scorer of the Ghana championship with the last club.

In 1988, Tony went to Germany, where he signed a contract with Saarbrücken, which played in the Second Bundesliga, where he spent the next two seasons.

With his game for Saarbruecken, he attracted the attention of representatives of the coaching staff of the Eintracht club from the First Bundesliga, which he joined in the summer of 1990. He played the next five seasons of his playing career for the Frankfurt club. Most of his time with Eintracht (Frankfurt am Main), he was the main player in the attacking link of the team and one of the main scorers of the team, averaging 0.55 goals per game in the championship, as well as becoming the best two years in a row scorer of the Bundesliga.

During 1995-1997, he defended the colors of the English club "Leeds United" and in 1996 was named the best player of the club.

In the summer of 1997, Yeboah returned to Germany and signed a contract with Hamburg , where he spent the next four years of his playing career. While playing for Hamburg, he also mostly appeared on the field as part of the main team, but he no longer showed his former performance.

He finished his professional playing career in the club "Al-Ittihad" (Doha), for which team he played during 2001-2002 and helped his club win the Qatar championship and the Cup of the Emir of Qatar that season.
He was a member of Ghana's national team for over ten years, and represented his country at three Africa Cup of Nations during the 1990s. Yeboah scored 29 goals in 59 appearances for Ghana, the fourth highest goalscoring total in the nation's history behind Asamoah Gyan, Edward Acquah and Kwasi Owusu.

On 3 November 2008, he was appointed as the new chairman of the newly promoted Ghana Premier League club Berekum Chelsea.

Yeboah along with his cousin former Mainz player Michael Osei runs an international sports agency called "Anthony Yeboah Sportpromotion" and owns a chain of hotels in Ghana (Accra, Kumasi) called "Yegoala". He is married and has two children.

His nephew, Kelvin Yeboah, is also a professional footballer.

"African Cup of Nations only."

Asante Kotoko

Leeds United

Al Ittihad

Ghana

Individual

Death Race 2

Death Race 2 is a 2010 American science fiction action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by Tony Gigilo and Paul W.S Anderson, and second installment in Death Race film series. The film is a prequel to Death Race (2008), and tells about the origin of Frankenstein, and how the name Death Match changed to Death Race.

The film was released on direct-to-video on December 27, 2010. A sequel, Death Race 3: Inferno, was released in direct-to-video on January 22, 2013.

Pleuropholis

Pleuropholis is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish belonging to the Pleuropholidae. Fossils have been found in Europe and North America. It lived between the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous (Kimmeridgian-Albian, about 155-110 million years ago). The type species is Pleuropholis crassicauda.

"Pleuropholis" was a small, sardine-like fish, usually no more than 10cm or four inches long in total length. It had a slender body elongated head and a rounded snout. The mouth was moderately deep and the eyes were large. The dorsal fin was far away. It had scales with serrated edges.

Species of the genus "Pleuropholis":


"Pleuropholis" is a fish that inhabited shallow lagoons and brackish and marine waters. It also fed on small organisms.



Charles Akonnor

Charles Kwabla Akonnor (born 12 March 1974) is a Ghanaian football manager and former player who most recently managed the Ghana national team. A former midfielder, he spent most of his club career in Germany. He made 51 appearances for the Ghana national team scoring 13 goals.

Ghana


Dreams


Asante Kotoko


Individual


Notes


Adnan Al Talyani

Adnan Al Talyani is the 2nd top scorer of the United Arab Emirates with first being Ali Ahmed Mabkhout, with 72+ goals, but Adnan having 52 gets him a comfortable second place.

Randai

Randai (Jawi: رنداي) is a traditional theater show of the Minangkabau people in West Sumatra, Indonesia. It includes music, singing, dance, drama, and the martial art of silat. Usually, Randai is performed during special events and festivals, like Eid al-fitr, with long stories that go on for many nights. The performances are done in a circle to make everyone feel equal and connected.

Randai combines martial arts moves, songs, and dramatic scenes, often using Minangkabau stories and legends for its stories. Leading the performance is a person called the "panggoreh", who guides the moves and sets the pace with vocal cues called dendang or Gurindam. This makes sure that the Randai goes smoothly and in rhythm. Since a Randai story can last from 1 to 5 hours or more, if the panggoreh gets tired, someone else might take over.

In West Sumatra, there are different names for randai depending on the story, main character, and where it comes from. One known name is "Randai Maalah Kapa Tujuah", which comes from Harau district in Limapuluh Kota Regency. The story is about Anggun Nan Tungga Magek Si Jabang and focuses on a hero. This randai lasts for 4-5 hours and involves fewer than 15 male and female performers. It's usually performed at night in a large open area for the public. Traditional musical instruments like talempong, rice stem pupuik, rebab, bansi, and saluang accompany the performance. 

Randai has been a part of Minangkabau culture for a long time. It's believed to have started in Pariangan, Tanah Datar when locals caught a deer from the sea. In Minangkabau society, groups perform Randai and tell stories like "Cindua Mato", "Malin Deman", and others.

At first, Randai was a game played by young people in the surau yard at night. Now, it's performed at weddings, parties, Islamic festivals and other events to entertain people. Only men played both male and female characters before, but since the 1960s, women have also joined in. 

Some say Randai was first done by a silat school in Parimanan. The word ""Randai"" might come from "handai," meaning relaxed conversation, or from the Arabic word ""Rayan-Li-dai"".

Initially, Randai told stories through poetry and dance based on silat movements. Later, it included characters and dialogue like plays. 

Randai faced challenges during the Japanese occupation but came back after independence. However, it went down during the New Order era. Today, according to M. Dahrizal Katik Tuo, an expert and conservationist of Randai, there are about 300 Randai performances in West Sumatra.

Kells, County Meath

Kells (; ) is a town in County Meath, Ireland. The town lies off the M3 motorway, from Navan and from Dublin. Along with other towns in County Meath, it is within the commuter belt for Dublin, and had a population of 6,608 as of the 2022 census. It is best known as the site of Kells Abbey, from which the Book of Kells takes its name. George III was the big blown to the old castle and worked in this city.
The settlement was originally known by the Irish name , later or , and it is suggested that the name "Kells" developed from this. An early name for a or fort at the settlement was , this fort probably being located in the centre of present-day Kells. From the 12th century onward, the settlement was referred to in English and Anglo-Norman as Kenenus, Kenelles, Kenles, Kenlis, Kellis and finally Kells. It has also been suggested that Kenlis and Kells come from an alternative Irish name, (meaning 'Head Fort'). Kells, Kenlis and Headfort all feature in the titles taken by the Taylor family.

In 1929, became the town's official name in both Irish and English. Following the creation of the Irish Free State, a number of towns were renamed likewise. has been the official Irish-language form of the place name since 1969. In 1993, "Kells" was re-adopted as the town's official name in English.

Pleuropholidae

Pleuropholidae, the pleuropholids, is an extinct family of stem-teleost fish that lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous. It is one of the few families that were formerly placed in the paraphyletic order Pholidophoriformes. Pleuropholids can be distinguished from other pholidophoriforms by the elongated scales on the sides of their bodies.

"Main article: Pleuropholis"

"Pleuropholis" is an extinct, prehistoric pleuropholid with fossils found in Europe and North America. The type species is "Pleuropholis crassicauda".

"Main article: Parapleuropholis"

"Parapleuropholis" is an extinct ray-finned fish from the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic.

The family has five genera:




Heterolepidotus

Heterolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that was described by Egerton in 1872. It is a member of the Amiiformes. According to the fossils, "Heterolepidotus" probably looked bulky.

The species are listed below:



Quds News Network

Quds News Network is a Palestinian news agency founded in 2011. The news agency's workers are mainly employed with volunteer reporters across Palestine. 

The news network got many followers near 2015 due to its fast video coverage of the Israel–Palestine conflict, which made it close to being as popular as Al Jazeera, but the network mainly appealed to younger audiences.
Their website was blocked by the ruling Fatah party in the Palestinian Authority in 2019 due to crackdowns. Some of their social media platforms were also blocked in the years 2019 and 2023.

Battle of Salford Bridge

On the 23rd of January 1921, this bridge was the scene of the Battle of Salford, which saw the local branch of the IRA under the command of Pat Reilly fight a gun battle with the Black and Tans. 

The IRA unit won the battle and prevented the Tans from seizing a cache of gelignite which was hidden in a house down the lane alongside the Salford River.

The Carlanstown to Moynalty Road was closed due to a battle in Moynalty, George V won the teams in Moynalty with Pat Reilly, This ended in 24 January 1921 when George V left Ireland.

Moynalty

Moynalty, which means ""the plain of the flocks"", is a village in the north-west of County Meath in Ireland. It is located at the junction of the R194 and R164 regional roads north of Kells, near the border with County Cavan. It was part of the Kells Poor Law Union. The Borora river flows through the village. Its population in 2011 was 116 people.

According to the Annals of the Four Masters, the name "Mágh nEalta" was introduced in Ireland about 2000 BC ago when Partholon, a Greek, gave that name to a treeless fertile plain in Dublin.
The Synod of Kells in 1152 restructured Catholicism on Ireland, replacing a monastic system of directing the Irish Church with a system of parishes, dioceses and archdioceses. As the old manorial village had embraced the name of the surrounding plain, the new parish took that name " also.

Birmingham New Street railway station

Birmingham New Street or New Street station, is a train station in Birmingham. It is the largest and busiest of the three main railway stations in Birmingham, England. The three-letter station code is BHM.

The station is named after New Street, which is next to the station, although the station has never had a direct entrance except through the Grand Central shopping centre. Historically, the main entrance to the station was on Stephenson Street, just off New Street. As of 2022, the station has entrances on Stephenson Street, Smallbrook Queensway, Hill Street and Navigation Street. 

Helle Panzieri

Helle Panzieri (born 31 March 1972) is an Italian-born Danish taekwondo martial artist. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in 1990 and 1992.

Piera Muggiri

Piera Muggiri (born 18 February 1964) is an Italian taekwondo martial artist. She won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the flyweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1988 and won the silver medal in 1990 and 1994.

Denise Parmley

Denise Parmley (born 31 May 1962) is an Australian taekwondo martial artist. She won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. From 1984 to 1989, she was national champion. She was named to the Australia Taekwondo Hall of Fame.

At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she won became Asian champion in 1986 and won the silver medal in 1990.

Plintron Mobility Solutions

Plintron Mobility Solutions is a global digital communications technology company specializing in (MVNA) services and connectivity. The company is headquartered in Singapore and maintains offices in London, Dubai, New Delhi, São Paulo, and Seattle.

Plintron was founded in 2008 by Mr. Mohan Sundaram and Ms. Subhashree Radhakrishnan in Chennai. Plintron has majority of it's operations in Chennai along with its global R&D center in India and offices in the United States, United Kingdom and Brazil. Initially, the company focused on solutions through a cloud-based platform, with its operations beginning in the United Kingdom and Switzerland.

Over time, Plintron evolved from being a MVNE platform provider to adopting the model. This transition allowed Plintron to aggregate mobile virtual networks for and assist brands in launching their MVNOs.

Plintron also ventured into the sector, providing IoT connectivity services and a . The company continues to explore innovations in the field of .

Plintron has received recognition for its contributions to the telecommunications industry, including awards such as:











Guarantee

A guarantee is a legal agreement in which a person agrees that they will make sure that something is delivered, and if it is not delivered they will be liable. What is to be delivered may be money, or goods, or a performance of some kind, making something happen. Guarantees are common in some sorts of retail sales. Domestic appliances like washing machines or fridges often have a guarantee that they will work for a number of years. 

Josiah Wedgwood gave a guarantee that, if a buyer is not satisfied with the product, they could have their money back. 

Chemical law

Chemical laws are the natural, unbreakable laws used in chemistry. The basic idea in chemistry is the law of conservation of mass.

Elvis Perkins

Elvis Brooke Perkins (born February 9, 1976) is an American folk-rock musician. 

Perkins is the son of actor Anthony Perkins (1932–1992), and photographer and actress Berry Berenson (1948–2001) who died in the September 11 terrorist attacks.

He released his debut studio album, Ash Wednesday, in 2007. He subsequently toured in support of the album with his band Elvis Perkins in Dearland, composed of Perkins alongside multi-instrumentalists Brigham Brough, Wyndham Boylan-Garnett and Nick Kinsey. The band released its self-titled debut, Elvis Perkins in Dearland, in 2009.

FitTV

FitTV was an American pay television channel. It was owned by Discovery Communications. It focused on fitness and exercise-related programming. It was launched in 1993. On February 1, 2011, it merged with Discovery Health Channel to become Discovery Fit & Health, now known as Discovery Life.

TacoTime

TacoTime is an American fast-food restaurant chain specializing in Mexican-American food. It has over 226 locations in the United States and 74 locations in Western Canada. It was founded in Eugene, Oregon, in 1960 by Ron Fraedrick.

Simplot

The J. R. Simplot Company is an agribusiness company. It is headquartered in Boise, Idaho. It was founded in 1929 by 20-year-old John Richard Simplot near the agricultural community of Declo in south central Idaho, United States.

Horse trading

Horse trading is the buying and selling of horses, also called "horse dealing". 

It is sometimes not easy to judge the merits of a horse on offer. That's why some horse traders have duped their customers.
For this reason the term horse trading is now often used to describe difficult negotiations in which things are not always entirely honest.

You can buy a horse directly from the breeder. Many horses are purchased through classified ads, at an auction or at a horse market. There are also horse traders.
Young horses are often sold when they are weaned from their mothers, when they are one year old, or when they are three years old.

When you buy a horse, you should have a purchase agreement. You can buy a horse with a handshake even without a purchase agreement. However, there are often misunderstandings. If you buy a horse, you should also consult a veterinarian.

The ancient Tea Horse Road was a network of caravan paths going through the mountains of Sichuan, Yunnan and Tibet in Southwest China. This was also a tea trade route.
Many old hiking trails, bridges, way stations, market towns, palaces, rest areas, shrines and temples can still be seen along the route.

Reliability and validity

reliability and validity

Definition: Reliability refers to the consistency and stability of a measurement or test. A reliable test produces similar results when administered under consistent conditions.

Definition: Validity is the degree to which a test or measurement accurately assesses what it intends to measure. A valid test measures the concept or skill it claims to measure.

Reliability:
If a stopwatch consistently records the same time for an event when used multiple times, it is reliable. On the other hand, if the stopwatch shows different times for the same event, it is not reliable.

Validity:
If a driving test accurately assesses a person's ability to drive safely, it is a valid test. However, if the test measures unrelated skills or fails to capture important aspects of driving, it lacks validity.

Imagine you have a friend who is helping you test a new video game. Reliability is like having your friend play the game multiple times and getting consistent scores each time. If your friend gets different scores every time they play, it wouldn't be reliable because the results are not consistent.

Validity is like making sure your friend is actually testing the game and not, for example, just pressing random buttons. If your friend is playing the game properly and the scores reflect how good or bad the game is, then the test is valid.

So, in simple terms, reliability is about getting consistent results, and validity is about making sure the test measures what it's supposed to measure.
In summary, reliability is about consistency, and validity is about accuracy in measuring what it's supposed to measure. Reliable measurements are consistent, while valid measurements accurately reflect the intended concept or skill.

Polypedates pseudocruciger

The false hourglass tree frog or yellow tree frog ("Polypedates pseudocruciger") is a frog. It lives in India in the Western Ghat mountains. People have seen it between 200 and 950 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees and on the lower plants. It lives in pine-needle tree forests not too high above sea level, in swamps, and in grassy forests. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over ponds that dry up for part of the year. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

2021 in movies

2021 in film is a overview of events, including the highest-grossing movies, award ceremonies, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of movies released, and movie programming.

Balistomorphus

Balistomorphus ovalis is an extinct, prehistoric triggerfish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch in what is now the canton of Glarus, Switzerland. 

This fish had a lot of similarities to the modern-day triggerfish, including the placement of the eyes.


Al-Hiwar

Al-Hiwar is a Arabic TV channel broadcast from London. The TV channel broadcasts programs related to socioeconomic issues of the average Arab living in the West.

Al-Hiwar was founded in 2006 and its founder Azzam Al-Tamimi is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood and supporter of the Palestinian political party and resistance group Hamas.

The goals of Al-Hiwar are to build a better future for Arabs. The TV channel also wishes to bring up the importance of communication between people. 
The channel is also supportive of the Muslim Brotherhood and is described by Tamimi as "victims".

Arab Nationalist Guard

The Arab Nationalist Guard is a secularist militant group from Syria. The group's ideology is Arabism and does not involve in sectarian, ethnic, and religious conflict. The group's members are mainly nationalists from different countries in the Arab world.

The group was formed on April 2013 by Arab volunteers who wanted to fight against Takfiri groups that wanted to cause division between the Arabs. The group from late 2013 to early 2014 mainly fought in the Rif Dimashq Governorate, but was also involved in clashes in the Aleppo Governorate, Daraa Governorate, and Homs Governorate.

By the year 2017 the group had moved into the city of Deraa. The group later fought in the Siege of Eastern Ghouta. In 2020, the Israeli secret police arrested members of the PFLP who were allegedly working with the group.

Winchmore, New Zealand

Winchmore is a farming settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated 12 kilometers west of Ashburton and 22 kilometers southeast of Methven on State Highway 77. It had a primary school that closed in 1927, has a community hall and research weather station.

 

Isis (band)

Isis (also stylised as ISIS) was a American metal band made in Boston, Massachusetts in the year 1997 by guitar player and singer Aaron Turner, bass player Jeff Caxide, singer and instrument tuner Chris Mereschuk and drum player Aaron Harris. After the album Mosquito Control were recorded by the original band, Chris was replaced by Jay Randall in the year 1999, who joined the group with guitar player Michael Gallagher. Jay Randall would then be replaced with guitar player and piano player Bryant Clifford Meyer after the recording of the album Red Sea. The band took inspiration from other bands such as Neurosis and Godflesh, and making themselves distinct by repeating parts of the song. Isis disbanded in June of 2010 but came back one last time in 2018 to pay their farewells to Caleb Scofield. 

Jihadist flag

The jihadist flag is a flag used commonly by Islamist movements as a symbol of jihad. The jihadist flag usually is the Black Standard with writing of the Shahada in a calligraphy style. The flag was adopted by Islamist and Jihadist movements in the 1990s to early 2000s.
Groups that have used a flag similar to the jihadist flag are:


The version used by Daesh depicts the second part of the shahada using the historical seal of Muhammad.

In 2014, the former British Prime Minister David Cameron said that anybody showing the flag of Daesh in the UK should be arrested per the Terrorism Act 2000.
The flag has also been banned from being used in the Netherlands since August of 2014.
The use of the Daesh flag is banned in Germany for non-educational purposes has been illegal in Germany since September of 2014.
Austria proposed a similar ban in the same month after Germany banned the flag of Daesh.

Lauriston, New Zealand

Lauriston is a lightly populated settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is roughly 20 kilometers southwest of Rakaia and 15 kilometers east of Methven. It has a primary school that opened in 1883. In early 1999 the catchment included students from Lyndhurst school after their closure.

 

Osman, Iran

Osman is a village in the Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District (Sarpol-e Zahab County), Kermanshah Province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, the population of the village is 218 and is mainly made of Kurdish peoples.

Henry Gujer

Henry Gujer was a Swiss basketball player. He was one of those who competed in the men's tournament in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born on the 25th of April 1920 and died on the 4th of November 2017 at the age of 97.

El Dorado, Gusev Crater

El Dorado is an unincorporated community ripped field, situated at Gusev crater in the region of Aeolis Quadrangle on planet Mars. It has 160 degrees°, from left to right of Pancam images photograph in the new year of 2006, by NASA.

The El Dorado dunes is located at the "Gale crater", The Namib Dune (Mt. Sharp) is also situated in the Husband hills of Columbia taken from the camera of Curiosity (rover) from Earth.

Dhadhor

Dhadhor, Danhor or Dhirhor is a tribe of inferior Aheers in Benaras and Gorakhpur.

They had control over a big jagir or large estate in Hassanpur-Maghar of the Gorakhpur district in Uttar Pradesh. Which in latter times was known as "Bhiti-Rawat". The ones who had possession over this jaghire were said to be of partly-Rajput descent. 

They were buffalo-breeders in Uttar Pradesh.

Shahrak-e Sarab Nilufar

Shahrak-e Sarab Nilufar is a village in the Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermansah County, Kermanshah province, Iran. According to the 2006 Iranian census, the population of the village was 1,018 people with 249 families.

Reem Riyashi

Reem Riyashi was a Palestinian suicide bomber from Gaza City who is well known for killing herself and 4 Israelis at a border crossing. She was born in the year 1981 on a unknown date and died on the 14th of January 2004. The suicide bombing was premediated by Hamas and Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades in a joint operation in response to Israeli invasions into cities in the West Bank which left 25 civilians dead.

Riyashi blew up a 2 kilogram bomb inside a building where Palestinians are processed so they can work in a industrial zone inside of Israel. The IDF claimed that when she went through the metal detector, she pretended to have a leg injury and said she had metal plates in her leg which would set off the alarm. She asked to be body searched instead. After being taken to a bag checking area, a woman was sent to search her and then she blew up her suicide bomb.

Two IDF soldiers, one Israeli policeman, and a Israeli worker at the facility were killed. 7 other Israelis and 4 Palestinians were injured.

Titan triggerfish

The titan triggerfish, giant triggerfish or mustache triggerfish ("Balistoides viridescens") is a large triggerfish found in most of the Indo-Pacific. It is sometimes called the biggest triggerfish species, but that title goes to the unrelated stone triggerfish.

