This big beast is diurnal, usually eating sea urchins, crustaceans, tube worms and coral. It can flip rocks, stir up some sand, and bite off pieces of branching coral. This is why other smaller fish species are often seen following it. This is because they feed on the detritus that has been stirred up by the titan triggerfish.

Though titan triggerfish are usually wary of people swimming around, females can be territorial and aggressive around their nests.


Franz Balzer

Franz Balzer (2 November 1893 - 18 October 1924) was an Austrian footballer. He played as defender for SK Rapid Wien. After his career he was coach with Wiener AC and Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. 

Austrian championː 1913, 1916, 1917

Be Tender with Me Baby

"Be Tender with Me Baby" is a 1990 song by Tina Turner. It was written by Albert Hammond and produced by Dan Hartman. It was taken from her seventh studio album "Foreign Affair" and was released in the United Kingdom and Europe only. It went to number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Portugal and number 18 in Ireland.




Healthcare in Iran

Healthcare in Iran has the public-governmental system, the private sector, and NGOs.

Total health spending was equivalent to 6% of GDP in Iran in 2017. About 90% of Iranians have some form of health insurance. Iran is the only country with a legal organ trade. Organ donation is called gifting of organs and not sale and purchase.

In 2016, Bloomberg News ranked Iran 30th most efficient healthcare system ahead of the and Brazil.

Iran has developed public health preventive services with a Primary Health Care Network. Child and maternal mortality rates have fallen significantly, and life expectancy at birth has risen remarkably. Infant mortality was 28.6 in 1,000 live births and under-five mortality was 35.6 per 1,000 live births in 2000. In 1970 they were 122 per 1,000 and 191 per 1,000. Immunization of children is accessible to most of the urban and rural population.

It is a centre for cosmetic surgery. It was 12th in the world for the number of cosmetic surgery procedures in 2022. 320,000 were recorded. 80% are for women. Rhinoplasty is the most common. Babak Nikoumaram, chair of the Iranian Society of Plastic and Aesthetic Surgeons said. “Incongruous western beauty standards are forced upon Iranians.” He says many operations are not counted in those numbers. About 8.5% of plastic surgery clients in Iran came from other countries in 2022. The price is lower than in Western countries. 

Gempylidae

The Gempylidae are a family of fishes that are called snake mackerels. They belong in the order Scombriformes. The family includes about 25 species.

These creatures are elongated fishes with a similar appearance to barracudas, having a long dorsal fin just like them. However, they are smaller. They have fangs like a barracuda.The largest species, including the snoek ("Thyrsites atun"), grow up to 2 m long, and the oilfish ("Ruvettus pretiosus") can reach 3 m.





Allegory of the cave

Plato's Allegory of the Cave describes prisoners who have lived in a cave, seeing only shadows of objects. A freed prisoner initially struggles to see the real world, but gradually adjusts, culminating in being able to look directly at the sun. Upon returning to the cave, the freed prisoner is temporarily blinded, causing prisoners to misunderstand the value of the journey. The allegory is related to Plato's theory of Forms, and can be interpreted from both an epistemological and political standpoint, representing the contrast between the philosopher's understanding and human nature or political corruption.

Nataruk

Nataruk is a prehistoric battle site in Kenya. It is located just southwest of Lake Turkana. It has the bones of people. The bones are from the second oldest battle in human history. The date is about c.7,550–8,550 BC. This battle used arrows and clubs. East of Turkana and near Nataruk, there was the Lake Turkana. The lake is much larger than now. It was important for food: many fish, flamingos, deer, and other animals. The area was full of resources for the hunter gatherers. They left lots of pottery, fishing tools, nets, etc. 

When archaeologists and scientists studied the bones, they found a lot of skeletal damage. The damage was in the ribs, hands, knees, neck, and skull. Remains of 27 people were found there; 6 young children, 1 teenager, and 20 adults, but not all of them were wounded. 

The attackers are believed to be using projectiles, or arrows. The arrows made a 'pierced' damage in the bones. Two other weapons were wooden clubs and spiked rocky clubs. 

The battle at Nataruk was not for power, but for survival, as people competed for resources around Lake Turkana (especially when it's full of resources). 

The first archaeological group leader to discover this prehistoric site is "Marta Mirazón Lahr". 

Onchopristis

Onchopristis is an extinct genus of giant sawskate that lived during the Cretaceous of North Africa, Europe, and North America. It is probably the most well-known sclerorhynchoid.

Throughout the years, people thought "Onchopristis" was a ginormous sawfish. However, studies show that this is not the case. It is on the menu for the "Spinosaurus".

"Onchopristis" was named by Ernst Stromer in 1917. Although the spelling ""Onchopristis numidus"" is commonly used, it is grammatically incorrect and the name of the species is literally "Onchopristis numida". 

The two species of "Onchopristis" are Onchopristis numida and Onchopristis dunklei.

Its name is derived from the Ancient Greek "ónkos" (ὄγκος, 'barb') and "prístis" (πρίστις, 'saw' or 'sawfish').

As mentioned earlier, "Onchopristis" was a large sawskate from the Cretaceous. This beast had a long rostrum with a few denticles. Its snout was used to impale prey or cut them do their death.





2004 Erez Crossing bombing

The Erez Crossing bombing was a suicide bombing which happened on the 14th of January 2004, at the border crossing/cargo terminal Erez Crossing located on the border of Israel and the Gaza Strip. 4 Israelis were killed and 10 people (4 of them Palestinian) were injured in the bombing. 

Both Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility for the attack claiming the attack as a joint operation against Israel for killing 25 Palestinian civilians.

Kenorland

Kenorland was a SuperContinent that existed around 400 and 300 million years ago. It had parts of the Former Continent Ur (present day northwest Australia and Madagascar) It later merged into Pangaea and Gondwanaland.

Baharipristis

Baharipristis is an extinct genus of Cretaceous sawskate with one unique species called Baharipristis bastetiae. It was described from the Cenomanian-aged Bahariya Formation of Gebel Ghorabi, Egypt.

Not much is known about this fish. However, we do know that like most members of the Ganopristidae and also the whole Sclerorhynchoidei, it had a long rostrum with denticles.



Observation

Observation is a fundamental aspect of experimental research, providing valuable insights into the natural world. In scientific terms, observation refers to the systematic and careful examination of phenomena to gather information and generate knowledge.
In the realm of scientific experiments, observation involves keenly watching and recording events, behaviors, or changes in the environment. Researchers employ this method to collect data and draw meaningful conclusions about the world around them. Observations can be qualitative, focusing on qualities such as color, texture, or behavior, or quantitative, involving measurements and numerical data.

Qualitative: A biologist observes the intricate patterns of butterfly wing colors, noting variations and documenting their significance for species identification.
Quantitative: Researchers measure the growth rates of plants under different light conditions, recording precise height and leaf counts to analyze the impact of light intensity on plant development.

Qualitative: A physics student watches the oscillations of a pendulum and describes the motion patterns, noting any irregularities or unique behaviors.

Quantitative: Scientists measure the acceleration due to gravity by carefully timing the fall of objects from a known height, collecting data to calculate precise values.

Qualitative: 
A sociologist observes group dynamics in a classroom setting, noting communication patterns and non-verbal cues to understand social interactions.

Quantitative: Researchers conduct surveys to observe and quantify public opinions on social issues, using statistical methods to analyze data and draw conclusions.

Qualitative: Chemists observe the color changes in a chemical reaction, noting shifts from one hue to another as an indicator of the reaction's progress.

Quantitative: Scientists measure the rate of reaction by recording the time it takes for a specific quantity of reactants to be consumed, providing numerical data for analysis.

Observation is the backbone of experimental science, allowing researchers to explore, understand, and explain the intricacies of the natural world. Whether it be in biology, physics, social sciences, or chemistry, observation is a versatile tool that helps researchers unravel the mysteries of our surroundings. By polishing the skill of careful and systematic observation, individuals can contribute to the collective body of scientific knowledge, fostering a deeper understanding of the world we live in.

Balistes

Balistes is a genus of triggerfish.

Four species are recognized in this genus:



The grey triggerfish is a species of triggerfish. It is a small fish, usually less than 2.3 kg (5.1 lb). The premaxilla and maxilla form a robust unit and this in turn is attached by a ligament to the vomer and ethmoid. The upper jaw, however, is not protrusible. 

The finescale triggerfish is a kind of triggerfish that is found in the Pacific coast of the Americas from northern California southwards to central Chile, including the Galápagos Islands.
The bluespotted triggerfish is a species of triggerfish from the Eastern Atlantic.

The queen triggerfish is a triggerfish found in the Atlantic Ocean. It is blue, purple, turquoise and green with a yellowish throat, and light blue lines on the fins and head.




Crown green bowls

Crown green bowls is a type of bowls. It is played outdoors on grass or artificial turf. It is named crown green because of the raised center of the grass.

Crown green bowls is played in the Midlands, Northern England, and North Wales.

The game of bowls started in 3200 BC in Ancient Egypt. It was a type of boules. Crown Green was developed from the 15th to 18th century. Rich players wanted to play bowls in gardens. Poorer players played the game in parks. The less flat surfaces led to Crown Green rules. The "British Crown Green Amateur Association" was created in 1907. This association created standard rules for the game. Lancashire is the oldest bowling county association in England.

The game has very little equipment apart from the playing surface. It has a small ball called a "jack". The jack is the target to throw at. The jack can be white or yellow. The players roll larger balls (known as "bowls" or "woods") at the jack. The bowls were historically black or brown. Recently, these can be in any colour. The bowls are heavier on one side. The heavier side is known as the "bias". When rolled forward, the bowl will turn left or right towards the bias. At the end of the area where the game is being played is a small channel called the "ditch". There is also a rectangular carpet called a "mat". The person playing has to stand on the mat. Unlike other types of bowls, the playing surface isn't flat.

The player has to stand on the mat. Teams of up to four players compete. The players are named by what position they are in order. The first player is the "lead". The next two are "second" and "third". The last player being called a "skip". The skip usually starts at the other end of the area until their turn to play. The bowls are heavier on one side. The heavier side is known as the "bias". When rolled forward, the bowl will turn left or right towards the bias.

Liverpool Women's Hospital bombing

On 14 November 2021, a taxi with a passenger came to the main entrance of Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool, England. An improvised explosive device that the passenger was carrying exploded, killing him and injuring the driver. The police later said it was a terrorist attack. The attacker was refused asylum in 2014 and lost appeal in 2015. He lived in England until his attack.

On 14 November 2021, an explosion happened inside a taxi as it went in front of the main entrance of the Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool, England. The driver left the taxi seconds later and ran away. A fire badly burned the car after that. The explosion was caused by an improvised explosive device which was carried by the taxi's passenger. The passenger died in the attack. The taxi driver was admitted to the hospital, with injuries including an ear needing to be put back on, but was released the next day. Merseyside Police were at the scene, along with fire and ambulance crews. The Royal Logistic Corps' Bomb Squad was also there. The hospital was put under a lockdown, roads were closed and a cordon was in place around the hospital by the evening. Armed police stayed at the hospital during this.
The passenger's motivation for carrying the device was not known at first. One theory was that he wanted to walk to Liverpool Cathedral and detonate his device as the congregation left. The hospital is not very far away from the cathedral, where the remembrance service was happening. The service was attended by thousands of veterans and military personnel with a parade happening after.

The taxi driver picked up the passenger in Rutland Avenue, which is about 10 minutes away from the hospital. Early reports suggested that when they arrived he locked the doors of his taxi while his passenger was inside before it went up in flames, although a Counterterrorism spokesman said that officers had not yet talked to the driver as of Sunday evening.

Police later confirmed that the fire had been caused by the ignition of a home-made explosive device. Merseyside Police armed units raided a property in the Sefton Park area, although the BBC reported that police had not confirmed whether the two incidents were related. Three men aged 29, 26, and 21 were arrested in Liverpool in the early morning of the next day. They were arrested under the Terrorism Act. Police later said the arrests were a direct response to the attack. A fourth man, aged 20, was arrested the next day. The arrest of the fourth man turned into a siege at the property he was in, and police deployed negotiators. This arrest was supported by United Kingdom Special Forces. Several houses in the Sefton Park area were evacuated. A controlled explosion was carried out in the middle of Sefton Park, "a few hundred metres" from the house in Rutland Avenue where equipment for making bombs was found. The four arrested men were released on 15 November.

The person who people thought was the perpetrator died during the attack. He was identified the next day as Emad al-Swealmeen. He apparently changed his name to Enzo Almeni. He was not known to MI5. A post-mortem found he died from injuries caused by the explosion and fire. He came to the UK around 2014 and claimed for asylum as a Syrian refugee. He was denied asylum because officials thought he was Jordanian and not Syrian. Seven years before the incident he was sectioned after trying to kill himself and waving a knife in Liverpool city centre. After that, he converted from Islam to Christianity in 2015. He had served time in a Middle East prison for serious assault. Police said that they believed he had lived at the Sutcliffe Street address for some time but had recently started renting a property in Rutland Avenue, where the bomb was made.

Reports suggested that al-Swealmeen had converted to Christianity just to get asylum, but the Church of England said that there was no evidence that converts' asylum claims are faster. He had been baptised in 2015 and confirmed in 2017, before losing contact with Liverpool Cathedral the following year. It was later revealed by investigators that al-Swealmeen had reverted to Islam months before the attack. A coroner determined that the bomb was made to kill someone but it was unclear if the device was supposed to detonate when it did.

The taxi driver was praised by a lot of people after the incident, with some people calling him a "hero" because he stopped al-Swealmeen from getting inside the hospital by locking the doors of his taxi. Prime Minister Boris Johnson also praised the driver. On 15 November 2021, the police said that the explosion was a terrorist incident, and the UK terror threat level was raised from substantial to severe. MI5 joined the investigation to support the local police, and COBRA met on the morning of 15 November.

Gaan-Ngai

Gaan-Ngai is a festival of the Zeliangrong people. It is celebrated in Assam, Manipur and Nagaland states in North Eastern India. It is a festival of light. It is a post harvest festival. 

Gaan-Ngai is a festival of light. It celebrates the victory of light over evil. It welcomes the coming of fire. It is a harvest festival. It is celebrated to thank the God Tingkao Ragwang. It announces the start of a new year.

The festival is usually celebrated in the month of November or December. Some times it might be celebrated later in January. The festival is also called as Hega Ngi and Chaga Ngi or Chaga Gadi by the tribal people.

The people who celebrates this festival believes that, Life was created on earth by Tingkao Ragwang, the creator god. There was no cooked food to eat. After praying to god, the god gave fire. The fire was used to cook rice. The festival is celebrated to honor the same. The festival is celebrated for five days.

Festival include various rituals, prayers and festivities. God is offered the first taste of meals and drinks. God is taken on a procession. Various games and sports are conducted. A new fire is produced using bamboo wood to cook. Fire means bright future. Food and meat are distributed to all. The festival also honors those who died in previous year. Graves are decorated and offerings are made. This enables the souls to go to heaven. Music, dance and songs are also part of the festival. 

Campbelltown, South Australia

Campbelltown is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It is 8.7 km northeast of Adelaide.

2070s

The 2070s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2070 and end on December 31, 2079. It is distinct from the decade known as the 208th decade which will begin on January 1, 2071 and end on December 31, 2080.

Fagundes, Paraíba

Fagundes is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.

Bradley Fighting Vehicle

The Bradley fighting vehicle is an armored vehicle in service with the United States army. The Bradley is made for use by infantry. 

The Bradley comes in two types, the M2 Bradley Infantry Fighting vehicle and the M3 Bradley Cavalry Fighting Vehicle. It is currently being manufactured by BAE systems.

It is lightly armored and fully tracked. It is adequately armoured to protect against small arms and artillery fragments. The bradley has good cross country mobility being fast enough to keep up with the m1 abrams.The Bradley's main armament is the 25mm m242 chain gun and anti tank TOW missiles. The main gun along with the missiles are useful against most armored targets. The TOW missile system can destroy lightly armored vehicles up to 2.3 miles away. It's firing ports are armed with several mounted m16 rifles. The M2 version can contain infantry that can dismount and fight on foot.

Service: 

Engine: Cummins VTA-903T diesel

Armament: 25 mm M242 chain gun; TOW anti-tank missile; 7.62 mm M240C machine gun

Crew: 3 crew, 6-man infantry squad

Range: 300 miles

Maximum Speed: 41 mph

Combat history: In January 2024, a video showed a pair of M2A2 Bradleys fighting and disabling a Russian T-90M tank at close range in Stepove (map), Pokrovsk raion, Ukraine.
Like the previous M113 vehicle family the BFV will eventually be the base of a large range of support vehicles.

Carmignano di Brenta

Carmignano di Brenta is a "comune" in the Province of Padua in the Veneto region in Italy.

Carmignano di Brenta is twinned with:

Albbruck

Albbruck is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the southwestern border with Switzerland.

Albbruck is twinned with:

Antena 1 (Romania)

Antena 1 () is a Romanian free-to-air television network owned by the Antena TV Group, part of the Intact Media Group. Its programming consists of television news programs, soap opera shows, football matches, entertainment programmes, movies and television series.


Bernau im Schwarzwald

Bernau im Schwarzwald is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Acasă

Acasă (meaning "At home"), formerly known as Pro 2 between 2017 and 2022, is a Romanian television channel operated by Central European Media Enterprises. It is an entertainment station, primarily dedicated to daytime series, family movies, talk shows, soap operas, anime and news programs. Its sister is the television channel Acasă Gold that was launched on April 15, 2012; it airs reruns of the telenovelas that aired on Acasă and, especially, classical telenovelas, including some PRO TV shows.

On March 7, 2022, it was announced that Pro 2 will revert its name back to Acasă. The branding effect took place on April 4, 2022 at 07:00 EET.



Pro Cinema

Pro Cinema () is a Romanian movie channel that launched on April 19, 2004. It is owned by Central European Media Enterprises. It was the first Romanian TV channel dedicated exclusively to movies, and as such it attracted a significant audience from its very inception, mainly in the 21-54 urban demographic. Contrary to most indigenous channels, Pro Cinema aired a wide array of movies, ranging from Romanian and international classics to recent American blockbusters. The channel introduced popular contemporary series such as "The Sopranos", "Monk", "Alarm für Cobra 11", "Two and a Half Men" or "The Shield", but also aired older sitcoms such as "Seinfeld" (currently aired by Pro X) and "Friends", which were formerly broadcast by Pro TV. PRO Cinema also aired shows such as "Saturday Night Live" and various documentaries featuring famous actors and directors.

From January 2015, Pro Cinema broadcasts only movies, while the series and the documentaries were moved to other sister channels (mostly, they were moved to Acasă Gold).


Pro Arena

Pro Arena (formerly "TV Sport", "Sport.ro" and "Pro X") is a Romanian TV channel that airs programming intended for a male audience, including sports transmissions. Its headquarters are located in Bucharest and it is owned by Pro TV SRL (Central European Media Enterprises). It was launched on July 27, 2003, as TV Sport, by the bussinesman Silviu Prigoană. In March 2007, it was sold to PRO TV SRL. On June 1, 2007, during the chrildren's international day, it changed its mame to Sport.ro. As part of the rebranding, it changed its name to PRO X on August 28, 2017.

On March 7, 2022, it was announced that Pro X will change its name to Pro Arena. The branding effect was on April 4, 2022 at 06:00 EET.

Steve Hurst

Steve Hurst is a British sculptor, author and teacher. He was born in Cairo in 1932, where his father, , worked as a hydrologist for the Egyptian Government. The family were evacuated to the UK when the war started in 1939 and settled in the Oxfordshire village of .

Hurst initially studied art at the , Oxford University between 1949 and 1953, before going on to serve in Malaya in 1954-55 during the as a . After a period working as a technical draftsman for the Admiralty in Portsmouth he resumed his art training at between 1959-60, later studying casting at the .

In 1971, Hurst was invited by to run the sculpture foundry at and went on, in 1979, to become Head of the Sculpture department at Ulster University in Belfast.

Oak Grove, Missouri

Oak Grove is a city in Jackson and Lafayette counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

River Bend, Missouri

River Bend is a village in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Sibley, Missouri

Sibley is a village in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Unity Village, Missouri

Unity Village is a village in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Evergreen, Missouri

Evergreen is a village in Laclede County, Missouri, United States.

Phillipsburg, Missouri

Phillipsburg is a village in Laclede County, Missouri, United States.

Dover, Missouri

Dover is a village in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Blackburn, Missouri

Blackburn is a city in Lafayette and Saline counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Emma, Missouri

Emma is a city in Lafayette and Saline counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Freistatt, Missouri

Freistatt is a village in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Halltown, Missouri

Halltown is a village in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Hoberg, Missouri

Hoberg is a village in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Cave, Missouri

Cave is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Chain of Rocks, Missouri

Chain of Rocks is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Fountain N' Lakes, Missouri

Fountain N' Lakes is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Silex, Missouri

Silex is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Truxton, Missouri

Truxton is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Whiteside, Missouri

Whiteside is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Browning, Missouri

Browning is a city in Linn and Sullivan counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Sir Victor Windeyer

Prior of March 1972, Justice of the High Court of Australia

Akhtar Raza Khan

Akhtar Raza Khan (1 February 1943–20 July 2018) popularly known as Azhari Mian and Tajush Shari’ah among his followers was an Indian Islamic scholar and Cleric belonged to Dargah Aala Hazrat. He is the descendant of Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi, the founder of the Barelvi movement. He was the Grand Mufti of India succeeding his maternal Grandfather Mustafa Raza Khan Qadri. He was ranked at the 22nd position in The 500 Most Influential Muslims globally in the 2014–2015 version of book.

Green City, Missouri

Green City is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Greencastle, Missouri

Greencastle is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Harris, Missouri

Harris is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Newtown, Missouri

Newtown is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Humphreys, Missouri

Humphreys is a village in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Osgood, Missouri

Osgood is a village in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Pollock, Missouri

Pollock is a village in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Estonian Business School

Estonian Business School (EBS) is a private, higher-education university in Tallinn, Estonia. It offers business-related higher education in bachelor, master and doctoral levels. Estonian Business School also has a high school, named EBS Gümnaasium which offers high school education from 10th to 12th grade.

Ministry of Internal Affairs (Russia)

The Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation (MVD; , "Ministerstvo vnutrennikh del") is the interior ministry of Russia.

The MVD is responsible for law enforcement in Russia through its agencies the Police of Russia, Migration Affairs, Drugs Control, Traffic Safety, the Centre for Combating Extremism, and the Investigative Department.

The MVD is headquartered in Yakimanka, Moscow. 

Vladimir Kolokoltsev has been the Minister of Internal Affairs since 2012.

Parkway Garden Homes

Parkway Gardens Apartment Homes, known as O-Block is a group of apartments with 694 units. located in Greater Grand Crossing area and is on the border of Woodlawn and Washington Park. Chicago's Greater Grand Crossing, Woodlawn, and Washington Park community areas are in the South Side of Chicago, Illinois. The apartments were built from 1950 to 1955 by Henry K. Holsman, who planned many of Chicago's affordable housing developments, and designed the Modern buildings. 

The apartments were the first to be cooperatively owned by Chicago's African-American residents, who had a housing shortage during the Second Great Migration due to segregation. early residents included former First Lady Michelle Obama, and more people such as Chief Keef, King Von, and Fredo Santana have lived here. Many other artists and music producers have come from Parkway Gardens as well. 

In recent years, however, the apartments have became the center of one of Chicago's most violent blocks. The complex is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Parkway Gardens Apartment Homes, built from 1950 to 1955, was the last of Henry K. Holsman's many house development designs in Chicago. Holsman began designing low-income housing in Chicago in the 1910s when a housing shortage started after World War I. He worked on many of the Chicago Housing Authority's major housing projects in the 1930s. Later in the decade, he began building his own projects with funding from the Federal Housing Authority. Starting in the 1940s, Holsman mainly designed houses for Chicago's African-American citizens, such as his Princeton Park community.

While Chicago's African-American population increased from 1920 to 1970 because of the Great Migrations, unfair housing rules forced African-Americans to live in the "Black Belt" section of the city's South Side, which did not have enough housing for them. After finishing the Winchester-Hood and Lunt-Lake Apartments on the North Side, Holsman started to work on building the Parkway Gardens to help the South Side African-American community. The apartments replaced the White City Amusement Park, which had been at the same place since 1905. Holsman's business went bankrupt before the apartments because of bad decisions with their money, one bad decision made Holsman convicted for mail fraud.
From the late-2000s to early 2010's, Parkway was the center of gang shootings mostly involving teenagers and young adults. People that live in Parkway and community leaders disliked the crime wave after the CHA demolished the Randolph Towers, nicknamed the "Calumet Building" which used to be located at 6217 S. Calumet Ave. The red brick building which had 16 stories was the base of operations for the Black Disciples gang. In a "Chicago Tribune" article from 2004, it said that drug dealers in the Randolph Towers were hauling in drug profits as much as $300,000 per day. After the demolition of Randolph Towers in 2006, Black Disciples moved their illegal business to Parkway Gardens which became Gangster Disciples territory. 

In the early 2010s, gang activity increased and Parkway Gardens became the center of one of Chicago's most violent blocks. The 6400 block of South King Drive was known locally as "WIIIC CITY", but then started to be called "O Block", after resident Odee Perry was murdered. Under this new name, it has become known across the United States because of former Parkway Gardens residents, such as rappers Chief Keef and King Von, whose music often has lyrics about Parkway Gardens and its violence.Between June 2011 and June 2014, Parkway Gardens had the most shootings of any block in Chicago. Many of these shootings occurred in 2011 and 2012, with city police saying that violence at the apartments has since steadily declined. The violence mainly starts from gang rivalries between the Gangster Disciples and Black Disciples, who both control territory near the block.

The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22, 2011, for its important architectural developments and its role in African-American community development.


Leroy Anderson

Leroy Anderson ( ) (June 29, 1908 – May 18, 1975) was an American composer. He was known for writing short, light concert pieces, many of which were for the Boston Pops Orchestra.

John Williams called him "one of the great American masters of light orchestral music."

Resonance (sociology)

Resonance is a positive way that people connect with the world, according to Hartmut Rosa, a sociology professor at the University of Jena. He came up with resonance theory in his book Resonanz (2016) to explain how we interact with society and the world around us. To Rosa, it is the opposite of alienation.

Rosa talked about why modern society has so many problems in his book about "Social Acceleration". In "Social Acceleration", he said that modern life, with its rush and pressure to keep up, is causing problems like work burnout, damage to the planet, and people feeling disconnected and tired. He describes how this problem especially became an issue when people started to get more work due to the industrial revolution. Resonance theory suggests solutions to these problems by saying how it would feel to be more connected to the world, rather than alienated all the time. According to Rosa, resonance is when we feel deeply connected to the world around us, which can change us emotionally and mentally for the better.

Rosa describes resonance as a special way we relate to the world, based on our feelings, interests, and belief in our own ability to make a difference within it. It's when we and the world around us affect each other and change together. This can only happen when we care deeply about something. Resonant relationships need both sides of the thing in the world (a person, an object, an idea) to be ready, allowing them to communicate with each other effectively. It does not always mean a feeling of happiness. Resonance can happen when watching a sad film which you are affected by, but which makes you think deeply about your place in the world.

Rosa compares resonance to the way two tuning forks vibrate together, each making its own sound when they are hit. When we have resonant experiences, they shape how we see ourselves and our place in the world. Experiences that lack resonance can make us feel disconnected and lonely. Resonance isn't just about feelings. It is also about building meaningful connections with people, things, and ideas, like nature, art, or history.

Resonance theory looks at how our society changes our ability to connect with the world. Rosa talks about 'social acceleration', where everything moves faster and faster. This constant rush makes it hard for us to make time for meaningful connections. Rosa thinks this is a big problem in modern society. He says it's causing problems with the health of the planet, political issues, and making people feel overwhelmed. Resonance theory is inspired by earlier critical theory scholars, which also looked at how people can feel disconnected from society. But Rosa offers a more positive idea than thinkers like Theodor Adorno. Instead of just focusing on what's wrong with the world, he says how humans sometimes feel connected with the world. Rosa gives four examples of resonance:


Hartmut Rosa says that lots of adverts by companies promises resonance, but this is a mistake since humans cannot decide when resonance will happen. There are ways to experience less alienation, by slowing down for example, but there are not controlled ways we can get in resonance with something.

Essam al-Buwaydhani

Essam al-Buwaydhani was the leader of Jaysh al-Islam. He was allegedly born in the city of Douma and was originally a businessman. He was made leader of Jaysh al-Islam after the previous leader Zahran Alloush was killed in a airstrike by the Syrian Armed Forces in December of 2015.

Zahran Alloush

Zahran Alloush was a leader of Jaysh al-Islam and was a big part of the Islamic Front where he was a military chief and was called one of the powerful people in Syria. He was born in Douma in 1971 and was married to 3 wives. He was killed by a Syrian-Russian airstrike on the 25th of December 2015 and was succeeded by Essam al-Buwaydhani as leader of Jaysh al-Islam.

Kalateh-ye Luyedani

Kalateh-ye Luyedani is a village in the Zeberkhan Rural District in Khorasan province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, the population of Kalateh-ye Luyedani was 58 people who were part of 14 different families.

J. Steward Davis

Davis, an American political activist and a lawyer from Baltimore, Maryland, disappeared under suspicious circumstances on 15 April 1929 and was never heard from again.

Disappeared: April 15, 1929

Dave Stieb

David Andrew Stieb (/ˈstiːb/; born July 22, 1957), nicknamed "Sir David", is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) starting pitcher who spent the majority of his career with the Toronto Blue Jays. A seven-time All-Star, he won "The Sporting News"' Pitcher of the Year Award in 1982. His 56.9 career wins above replacement (according to Baseball-Reference) are the highest of any Blue Jays player, and he also holds the franchise records for complete games (103), strikeouts (1,658), and innings pitched (2,873).

A promising outfielder prospect at Southern Illinois University, Stieb was converted to a starting pitcher after being drafted by the Blue Jays, who told him that it would be the quickest way to get him to the majors. Fast-tracked through the minors, he debuted in 1979. Stieb led the American League (AL) in earned run average (ERA) in 1985, finishing in the top five four other times (1982, 1983, 1984, and 1990). Stieb also twice led the AL in innings pitched (1982 and 1984). Injury prevented him from playing in the 1992 postseason, where the Blue Jays won their first World Series. After a stint with the Chicago White Sox, Stieb retired from baseball, only to make a brief return as a reliever for the Blue Jays in 1998 before retiring for good.

Stieb won 140 games in the 1980s, the second-highest total by a pitcher in that decade, behind only his rival (and later teammate) Jack Morris. He was known for flirting with no-hitters, having reached the ninth inning with no hits four times in five years before accomplishing the feat in 1990, throwing the first, and as of 2023 only, no-hitter in Blue Jays history.

Idris Ali

Idris Ali (30 December 1950 – 16 February 2024) was an Indian politician who was a Member of Parliament for the 16th Lok Sabha from Basirhat, West Bengal. He won the 2014 Indian general election as an Trinamool Congress candidate.

Idris Ali began his political career with Indian National Congress. For a long time he was the state chairman of the "Congress Minority Cell". In the 2014 Indian general election, he was elected as a member of parliament from the Basirhat seat on a Trinamool Congress ticket. He won by defeating a candidate of Communist Party of India (CPI) by a margin of 109,000 votes.
Ali died on 16 February 2024 due to different illnesses. He was 73 years old at the time of his death. He was previously diagnosed with COVID-19 but had recovered.

Shahed 131

The Shahed 131 or Geran-1 (when used by Russians) is a Iranian-made suicide drone that became well known in October of 2022 during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The suicide drone is powered by a Wankel engine model made by Shahed Aviation Industries.



Jaysh al-Ummah al-Salafi Bayt al-Maqdis

Jaysh al-Ummah al-Salafi Bayt al-Maqdis ("The Salafi Army of the Salafi Muslims in Jerusalem") is Salafi jihadist militant group in the Gaza Strip. The group supports Al-Qaeda and dislikes Hamas.

The group is a small group and it had only 25 members in 2008. It is led by Abu Hafs al-Maqdisi and attempts to finance itself using cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.

FC Flora

FC Flora, also known as Flora Tallinn or Flora, is a football club which plays in Estonia. It is based in Tallinn. Its home ground is the Lilleküla Stadium.


Polypedates insularis

The Nicobarese tree frog or Nicobar tree frog ("Polypedates insularis") is a frog. It lives in India on the Nicobar Islands. People have seen it as high as 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees in forests, but they can also live in gardens, farms, and houses.

This frog lives on Great Nicobar, Little Nicobar, and Pulo Milo. Scientists believe this frog is in some danger of dying out because the place it lives is not very big. People are planning to build a place for ships on Great Nicobar. If they do, much of the place where the frog lives will be gone.

San Quintin

San Quintín or San Quintin is the name of several places:


Saint Andrew Parish, Grenada

Saint Andrew is a parish on the Carribean island of Grenada. It’s the easternmost of the country’s six parishes, the largest one by area and the second largest one by population. Its capital is Grenville.

USA-181

USA-181 was the first payload to be launched on the Delta IV Heavy rocket.

USA-181 launched on The Maiden Flight of the Delta IV Heavy Rocket on December 21, 2004, from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, LC-37B.

USA-181 is permanently attached to the second stage of the first Delta IV Heavy rocket.

As of 2024 USA-181 remains in a Medium Earth Orbit attached to the First Delta IV Heavy rocket.

Saint Mark Parish, Grenada

Saint Mark is a parish on the Carribean island of Grenada. It’s located in the west of the island and is Grenada‘s smallest parish, as well by area as by population. The capital is Victoria.

Adak Airport

Adak Airport is an airport in Alaska. It is located west of the town of Adak, Alaska.

Sclerorhynchoidei

Sclerorhynchoidei, the sawskates, is an extinct suborder of cartilaginous fish that had long rostra with large denticles similar to sawfishes and sawsharks. This feature was just convergent evolution and their closest living relatives are actually skates.

The suborder contains five families, the Ganopristidae, Ischyrhizidae, Onchopristidae, Ptychotrygonidae, and Schizorhizidae. Some genera are not in any of these families.

"Onchopristis" is an extinct genus of giant sclerorhynchoid. Isolated rostral denticles are the most common fossils, but rostra, chondrocrania, jaws, oral teeth, vertebrae, and dermal denticles were also found.

"Baharipristis" is an extinct genus of sawskate from the Cretaceous period.

"Onchosaurus" is an extinct genus of ganopristid sawskate.

"Schizorhiza" is an extinct genus of Cretaceous schizorhizid.
"Atlanticopristis" (meaning "Atlantic saw") is an extinct genus of Cretaceous ganopristid.


Balistes vegai

Balistes vegai is an extinct species of triggerfish that lived during the Miocene. It is classified in the genus "Balistes". It is the largest species of "Balistes" and probably the largest triggerfish to ever exist. Its size surpassed the largest triggerfish today, the stone triggerfish.


Grey triggerfish

The grey triggerfish ("Balistes capriscus") or leatherjacket, is a triggerfish in the genus "Balistes" that is found in shallow parts of the western Atlantic from Nova Scotia to Argentina and also the eastern Atlantic, the Mediterranean Sea and off Angola on the west coast of Africa.

The grey triggerfish is primarily olive-gray. It has blue dots and lines on the body and dorsal fin. It has a laterally compressed body shaped like a large rugby ball.

The small beak at the tip of the snout has fleshy lips. The body, aside from being compressed, has a tough, leathery skin. It is also pale gray, greenish-gray, or yellowish-brown.

As mentioned earlier, the grey triggerfish is in the western Atlantic Ocean. It can be found over hard bottoms on reefs and rocky areas, in lagoons and in bays, at depths down to about 55 m (180 ft). Once considered to be an uncommon visitor to northern European seas, an increase in records around the coast of Cornwall say it is now breeding there.
People in Florida and elsewhere love going fishing for grey triggerfish. It is also notorious for being a bait stealer. It is also associated with black sea bass and red snapper. Its mouth is bony, so to catch it, you'll need a small sharp hook that is baited with squid or cut bait.



Balistes dubius

Balistes dubius is an extinct species of Miocene triggerfish in the genus "Balistes".

The paleoart of "Balistes dubius" on the left shows that this small triggerfish was probably medium turquoise in color. However, not much info is known about this tetraodontiform fish.


Korean sandlance

The Korean sandlance ("Hypoptychus dybowskii") is a species of marine ray-finned fish. It is the only member of the monotypic family Hypoptychidae. It is classified in the suborder Gasterosteoidei. It is endemic in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.

The Korean sandlance's genus name, "Hypoptychus", is a combination of "hypo", which means "under", and "ptychos", meaning "fold", an allusion to the fin fold on the lower surface of the body. 

The Korean sandlance is an elongated fish shaped like a thin rugby ball. Its dorsal and anal fins are placed well back on the body towards the caudal fin. Around the eye is a broken ring. There's no pelvic girdle or pelvic fins.



Mike Clancy (politician)

Mike Clancy is an American lawyer, business executive, and politician. He's known for being active in different professional fields and for sticking to conservative beliefs. Clancy was the first Republican to run for the 10th congressional district in Virginia after Democrat Jennifer Wexton said she wouldn't run again.

Mike Clancy was born to an Air Force sergeant and a schoolteacher. He grew up on Air Force bases across the country.

Clancy focused on government, law, technology, cybersecurity, healthcare, and medical ethics during his higher education. He got his Bachelor of Arts degree with High Honors in Government and Philosophy from the University of Notre Dame. Later, he earned his law degree with Honors from the George Washington University Law School. Additionally, Clancy finished executive education programs on cybersecurity policy at the John F. Kennedy School of Government and healthcare policy and bioethics at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.

Mike Clancy has worked in different fields like government, law, technology, healthcare, and cybersecurity. He started his legal career as a lawyer at the Attorney's Office of the General Counsel, where he was praised for his outstanding work. Right now, Clancy has a senior executive and legal role at a global technology company. He heads a team that focuses on government, education, and healthcare sectors.

Clancy is also a well-known commentator in the national media, sharing his views on political, legal, and constitutional matters. He frequently contributes to platforms such as Newsmax, The Daily Caller, and Fox News.

In October 2023, Mike Clancy announced he was running for the United States House of Representatives seat representing Virginia's 10th Congressional District. He said he wants to oppose what he sees as the "radical left's failed policies" and to "restore America's trajectory".

Carmilla (web series)

Carmilla is the name of a web series about a vampire. This web series is on YouTube and has three seasons. The Carmilla web series is one of the more popular web series to exist. This web series was inspired by a book by Sheridan Le Fanu, whose book is also called "Carmilla."

Fasolasuchus

Fasolasuchus (meaning Fasola crocodile) is the largest rauisuchian to be discovered. It grew to 10 meters (33 ft) long and weight 2 tons which outweighs any of the present land predators such as the polar bear, grizzly bear, and the siberian tiger. It lived 220-205 million years ago in the Late Triassic in what is now known as Argentina. It is known from only a skull so far. Unlike the Postosuchus, this Fasolasuchus had only one row of osteoderms.

Deaths in May 1999

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 1999.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
































Willibald Stejskal

Willibald "Willy" Stejskal (25 April 1896- ?) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien as defender. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Rapid Vienna from 1914 to 1923. In this period he won with the club four national championships and once the Austrian Cup. In 1923 he also played for Wacker Wien and in 1924 he finished his Austrian career as player with Wiener AF.

Then he moved to Australia. In 1928 he played for the team of the stove manufacturer Metters Limited.
He made his debut for Austria in June 1918 in a friendly match at home against Hungary. This was his only match for the national football team..

Samara Metro

Samara Metro is a system of urban off-street rail public transport in the city of Samara. This is the fifth largest subway commissioning in the RSFSR and the tenth in the USSR and the post-Soviet space. Until 1992 it was called the Kuibyshev Metro, and since October 2013 - after A. A. Rosovsky. Includes 10 stations, of which 9 are underground and one above-ground. The network length is 11.6 km.

In September 1980, construction began on the section between the Prospekt Lenina and Oktyabrskaya stations. However, the tunnel was mothballed, and the construction of the metro was moved to Yungorodok. At the end of 1980, construction began on the Kirovskaya station in Yungorodka, and in September 1981, tunneling began between the Kirovskaya and Bezymyanka stations.

The first line of the Kuibyshev metro was planned to open in 1987. Regular passenger traffic at the launch site was opened on December 26, 1987. The Metropolitan became the 5th in the RSFSR and the 12th in the USSR.

On August 11, 2010, restrictions on photography and video shooting in the metro area were lifted.

On October 11, 2013, the Samara metro was named after Alexey Rosovsky

Noctambulant

Noctambulant is the second studio album by Spawn of Possession. The album was released on July 4, 2006.

Tengkolok

Tengkolok (Jawi: ‏تڠكولوق‎‎) also known as Tanjak or Destar, is a traditional headgear worn by Malay men. It is usually made from songket cloth and folded in a certain way called "Solek". In the past, it was worn in Palembang by nobles and leaders. Nowadays, it's worn mostly in special ceremonies, like royal events and weddings.

The shape of the Tengkolok inspired the design of the National Library of Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur. Architects "Ikmal Hashim Albakri" and "Victor Chew" designed the library in 1994. They wanted the building to reflect Malaysia's intellectual achievements and rich cultural heritage.

According to the Dewan Dictionary, the words ""tengkolok"", ""destar"", and ""setanjak"" or ""tanjak"" mean the same thing. Besides what was mentioned earlier, "tengkolok" can also mean a cloth covering for a woman's head or veil. However, this meaning is not common anymore, except in some places like Jambi, and it's not used much in other languages like Minangkabau. The root word for "tengkolok" is "kuluk".

But some people argue that ""tengkolok"", ""destar"", and ""tanjak"" are different in the type of fabric and how they are tied, even though they serve the same purpose. "Tengkolok" is made of high-quality cloth, layered thickly, and tapers upwards. "Destar," however, has a thin and low circumference compared to the head. "Tanjak" is like a hood, but the fabric is simpler and thinner.

In the past, Tengkolok was worn by leaders in communities. The Supreme Leader of Malaysia, called the "Yang di-Pertuan Agong", wears a special Tengkolok as part of their outfit. This Tengkolok, known as "Tengkolok Raja," is made of black silk with gold thread. It has a crescent moon and an eleven-pointed star made of white gold with diamonds, showing the National Coat of Arms.

In a Malaysian folk tale about Muzaffar Shah, the son of the last Sultan of Melaka, it's said that when the Portuguese took over the Sultanate of Melaka in 1511, Muzaffar Shah was asked to rule Perak. On his journey to Perak, his ship started sinking. To lighten the ship, Muzaffar Shah threw out everything, but it didn't work until he threw the crown into the sea. Taking it as a sign, he vowed to never wear a crown again. Since then, legend says, sultans wear Tengkolok instead of crowns.

Tengkolok comes in many styles, made from different kinds of cloth, based on a person's social status. The general term for these different styles is called "solek". Each style also has its own special name. For example, the tengkolok worn by the "Yang di-Pertuan Agong" during "becoming the king" ceremony is called "Solek Dendam Tak Sudah" (Persistent Vengeance Style).

Each Malay king has their own unique style of tengkolok. For example, the Sultan of Selangor wears a beautiful golden yellow tengkolok called "Solek Balung Raja" (Royal Crest Style) during big events like becoming king or celebrating their birthday.

Lyndhurst, New Zealand

Lyndhurst is a small settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated 10 kilometers east of Methven. It had a primary school that opened in 1886 and closed in 1998 due to declining numbers, it is now a reserve on the former school grounds.

 

Ordinary Lives

"Ordinary Lives" is a 1989 written by Bee Gees and is the leading single from their 16th studio album "One". It was dedicated to their younger brother Andy Gibb following his death in 1988. It went to number 54 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in the Netherlands, number 8 in Germany and number 19 in Austria.

International Purple Hijab Day

International Purple Hijab Day (sometimes known as Global Hijab Day or Purple Hijab Day) is an international day in memory of "Aasiya Zubair", who was murdered by her husband in a case of domestic violence. Zubair was murdered on February 12, 2009, and so Purple Hijab Day takes place each year near the date she died. It is observed to remember her and the domestic violence she suffered. Since then, it has become a day to also remember those who have suffered as a result of a crime or other event of domestic violence. It is observed on the second Saturday of February every year. It is most often observed by Muslims. On this day, women wear a head covering or veil of Purple colour. Other people who are not muslim can also participate. They can wear a purple hijab, headscarf, tie, hat or Kufi. In 2024, it was observed on 10th of February.

Many people believe that violence against women is allowed by Islam. "The Baitul Salaam Network", a group that works with women who have faced domestic violence states that "one of the most ugly stereotypes"(a fixed image or set of qualities that a lot of people believe represent a particular type of person or thing)" is that Islam gives men the right to beat their wives."

The Voice of Libyan Women (VLW) stated that “It has been argued many times that violence against women is allowed in Islam, however, this is a huge falsehood due to the misinterpretation and misuse of religion. Islam does not teach, accept, or allow abuse "(the cruel and violent treatment of a person or animal)" of any living thing” Instead, they say that Islam teaches "Muslims not to harm others" and Muslims are taught to believe there is a big punishment for Muslims in the Life after death who do harm to others or abuse the land, sea or plant life".
When Aasiya Zubair, an American–Muslim who helped start Bridges TV, was killed by her husband, it became known that she had been physically and emotionally injured by him for many years. Her murder made Muslim communities start to talk about domestic violence more. Aasiya Hadayai Majeed, who works at the Baitul Salaam Network "(a group that works with women who have faced domestic violence)", said this. After Zubair died, people started to talk more about stopping domestic violence in the Muslim community. Zubair died on February 12, 2009. Each year, near the date she died, people celebrate Purple Hijab Day to remember her and the domestic violence she faced. The first Purple Hijab Day was on February 13, 2010. They chose the color as purple because it's linked to sadness and grief.


Gustav Putzendopler

Gustav Putzendopler (16 February 1894 - 20 November 1960) was an Austrian footballer and coach. He played in the 1910s as midfielder for SK Rapid Wien. In the 1920s he played for FC Basel. He also played two matches for the Austrian national football team.

He played from 1913 till 1920 for SK Rapid Wien. During this time he won 5 champion titels an two cup titels. 1920 he went to Switzerland and played for FC Basel.

He debuted on 6 April 1919 in a away loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 5 October of the same year in a home win also versus Hungary. 


Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg

Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg (23 February 1708 in Strelitz; † 4. June 1752 in Mirow) was a prince in the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.He is also known as prince of Mirow. He never regned. Two of his sons, Adolf Friedrich (IV) and Charles (II) became regents of Mecklenburg. His daughter, Sophie Charlotte became the queen of Great-Britain, after marrying George III. 

Lilleküla Stadium

The Lilleküla Stadium (also known as A. Le Coq Arena) is a football stadium in Tallinn, Estonia. It has a capacity of 14,336, which makes it the largest football stadium in Estonia.

Lilleküla Stadium was the home stadium of football clubs Flora and Levadia and the Estonia national football team. It was used for the 2018 UEFA Super Cup and the 2012 UEFA European U19 Championship.

In 2002, A. Le Coq bought naming rights for the stadium.


Michael Costello

Michael Costello (born January 20, 1983) is an American fashion designer and reality television personality. He appeared on the eighth season of Project Runway and the first season of Project Runway All Stars.

Cultural anthropology

Cultural anthropology is a branch of ethnology that looks at groups of people, and the forms of culture they developed. Sometimes it is also seen as a branch of anthropology. 


Biological interaction

In ecology, a biological interaction is the effect that a pair of organisms living together in a community have on each other. Biological interactions affect the adaptation and evolution of the species involved. The interactions range from mutualism, beneficial to both partners, to competition, harmful to both partners. Interactions can be direct when there is physical contact or indirect, through intermediaries such as shared resources, territories, ecological services, metabolic waste, toxins or growth inhibitors. This type of relationship can be shown by net effect based on individual effects on both organisms arising out of relationship.

Several recent studies have suggested non-trophic species interactions such as habitat modification and mutualisms can be important determinants of food web structures. However, it remains unclear whether these findings generalize across ecosystems, and whether non-trophic interactions affect food webs randomly, or affect specific trophic levels or functional groups.

FCI Levadia Tallinn

FCI Levadia Tallinn, also known as FCI Levadia or Levadia, is an Estonian football club from Tallinn. Its home ground is the Lilleküla Stadium.

The club was founded in 1998 in Maardu and moved to Tallinn in 2004. Levada has played in the Meistriliiga since the 1999 season. They have won 10 Meistriliiga titles, 10 Estonian Cups and 8 Estonian Supercups.




List of Prehistoric Wars

This is a list of wars that happened during the Prehistoric era. At that time, history was not documented. This has caused problems in figuring out what had happened during these times. 

Most prehistoric 'battles' are only known by their locations in a country; county; prefecture; district; etc. For example, Jebel Sahaba is a place in Northern Sudan, not the battle's name. And you can notice that on the list, the battles have a vast range of date. This is because archaeologists can't decide exactly when the battle took place. The DNA in the bones (if there are any) can only give an idea of which condition and in what era the remains were buried. So these battle sites are something like inaccurate graves. 

The two letters, B and C that appear after the numbers of the date mean, 'before Christ', or basically, when Christ (the son of god in Christianity) was born. Now many people, and the word BC, refers the year 0 to when Christ was born. Actually, Jesus is calculated to be born in about 6 to 4 BC, if 0 is still interpreted as 0.

Divine providence

Divine providence is the idea that there is a higher being that influences the course of history. The idea is that the course of history is fixed. Usually, this clashes with the idea that people have a free will, and that by making choices, they influence history. 


Saint-Sulpice-la-Pointe

Saint-Sulpice-la-Pointe (before 2013: "Saint-Sulpice") is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès

Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Salvy-de-la-Balme

Saint-Salvy-de-la-Balme is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Sernin-lès-Lavaur

Saint-Sernin-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Urcisse, Tarn

Saint-Urcisse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Paintbrush

A paintbrush is a tool that is used to apply paint, or ink. On the one end, it has bristles, and on the other, it has a handle.

Rajbanshi people

In the middle of the 4th century AD, Maharaja Mahapadma Nanda of Magadha attacked Pundravadhana and the Maharaja of Pundravadhana was defeated in that battle. We all know that Mahapadma Nanda was a Kshatriya Nidhana Vrathi. Hence Mahapadma Nanda came to be known as "Sarva-Kshatrantaka". So at that time members of the Kshatriya class went to different places to escape from the hands of Mahapadma Nanda, the king of Magadha. Eg: Ratnapeeth in Kamrup, Nepal, Orissa (Even today Sambalpur area of Orissa has Pundrakshatriya (Rajbanshi Kshatriya) population and the language is also Rajbanshi.)

Culture: According to a 2019 study, the Rajbanshi community has oral traditions of agriculture, dance, music, medical practice, song, house building, culture and language. Rajbanshis are mainly Shivite and Vaishnava devotees, Durga Puja, Kali Puja, Saraswati Puja, Lakshmi Puja, Mansa Puja, Ganga Puja, Vishwa Puja, Tistaburi Puja, Yatra Puja, etc. Patriarchalfamily. Frog wedding held on the occasion of drought, lack of rain, etc. is one of the main religious ceremonies of Rajbansi. By profession they are mainly farmers and believe in independent work. Independent minded people.

Surname: The surnames of Rajbanshis are - Ray, Burma, Das, Burman, Singha, Rajbanshi, Adhikari, Roy Chowdhury, Sarkar, Sinha, etc.

Foods: The Rajbanshi community was traditionally a largely agricultural community, mainly cultivating rice, pulses and maize. Rice is the staple food of most of the population. Even in the 21st century, a large part of this community still adheres to a rural lifestyle, although urbanization continues to increase. Assam, West Bengal, Nepal, Bangladesh food and food styles are similar. Rice and pulses are eaten regularly along with vegetables and bhaji (fries – mainly potatoes). Usually vegetable preparations, mostly cooked with very little oil. Cooking is done mainly using mustard oil, although sometimes sunflower oil is used. In terms of non-vegetarian diet, the Rajbanshi population consumes a lot of meat and eggs compared to other neighboring communities of Bengal, who consume a lot of fish. Duck and chicken eggs are consumed.

Home: A typical Rajbanshi house design is rectangular in pattern, with an open space (Agina) in the middle. This is mostly done to protect against wild animals and strong winds. Every Rajbanshi house has Mansa or Kali Tagore at the entrance. The north side has betel and fruit plantations, the west has bamboo plantations while the east and south are generally left open to allow sunlight and breeze to enter the house. Although such a pattern is more common among landed gentry.

Clothing: Among the traditional clothes of Rajbanshis mainly women use sarees, chadars, patanis etc. and men's traditional clothes are dhoti, punjabi, lungi, jama, genji, chadar. Although modern clothes are widely available.

Music: Music is an integral part of royal culture. The main styles of music of Rajbanshi culture are Bhavaiya, Chatka, Chorchunni, Palatia, Lahankari, Tukkhaya, Bishahari Pala etc. Various instruments are used for such performances, stringed instruments like dotara, sarindra and bena, two-membrane instruments like tasi, dhak, khol, desi dhol and mridanga, kansi, khartal like ganga and bells and sanai, mouth flute and kupa- Wind instruments like this.

Rajbansi people have their own language and culture. Their language is Kamtapuri-Rajbanshi language. Although the West Bengal government recognizes this language, it is still not listed in the Eighth Schedule of India. Their Bhavaiya music is one of the most famous music of India. From Cooch Behar, India, a periodical named Dotrar Dang in Rajbanshi language was published from 1417 Bengal.

Rajbanshi Language Academy has been formed in West Bengal. Poetry, stories, songs written in Kamtapuri-Rajbanshi language are increasing. Rajbanshi songs have gradually become the heartbeat of the people of this area. These beautiful songs are played in all kinds of events of Rajbanshi. But now a day several modern songs have been created which are at the peak of popularity.

Language: Now everything is proven through modern research that Kamrupi / Kamtapuri / Rajbanshi / Goalpariya / Rangpuri / Tajpuri / Suryapuri / Barendri / Bangakamrupi / Banga-Assamese language, the same language and different names are known in different places.

That means Rajbanshi / Kamtapuri language is recognized as official language in West Bengal and Nepal. That is, Rajbanshi language now means international language.
Balistoides

Balistoides is a genus of Indo-Pacific triggerfish.



Clown triggerfish

The clown triggerfish ("Balistoides conspicillum") is a triggerfish in the genus "Balistoides". It is diurnal and will always defend its territory. It can be very aggressive with other fish or even humans.

The clown triggerfish is an easy fish to keep. It is easy to feed and acclimate. Like many other triggerfish, it needs a large aquarium and be aggressive towards other fish. This fish can't be put with smaller fish. In aquaria, it will prey on invertebrates.

Out of the 40 species of triggerfish, the clown triggerfish is the only one that is considered inedible. 

The clown trigger can grow up to 50 cm (19.7 inches). Its body has an oval shape. The fish's body is also compressed, too. The first dorsal fin is erectile The second dorsal fin is similar in shape and size to the anal fin. It also has a pelvic fin. Around the mouth is a yellow ring.

"Balistoides conspicillum" loves to feed on benthic organisms such as mollusks, echinoderms and crustaceans.

Le Sserafim

Le Sserafim (; ; stylized in all caps) is a South Korean girl group that debuted (came into existence) on 2 May 2022. The group is made of five members: Sakura, Kim Chae-won, Huh Yun-jin, Kazuha and Hong Eun-chae. Kim Ga-ram was the sixth member, but she was forced by their label to leave the group on 20 July 2022. They make K-pop music under the labels Source Music (a subsidiary of Hybe Corporation) and Geffen Records. The main concept of their music is confidence.

Some of the members were already famous before their debut in the group. Sakura is a Japanese actress and a past member of HKT48 (a sister group of AKB48). Sakura, Chaewon and Yunjin took part in the talent show "Produce 48" to become members of Iz*One, but only Sakura and Chaewon won.

The group's name, Le Sserafim, is an anagram of the sentence "I'm Fearless". It is also a reference to (a type of angel). Their fans are called "Fearnots".

Current members

Past members



Medina, Texas

Medina, Texas may mean:

Vieste

Vieste is a town and "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy. The town is on the eastern tip of the Gargano peninsula. It is within the Gargano National Park. The economy is based on agriculture and fishing.


Texas's 15th congressional district

Texas's 15th congressional district is a congressional district in the United States House of Representatives that includes South Texas. The district's current representative is Republican Monica De La Cruz.

Mattinata

Mattinata is a "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in Italy. It is part of the Gargano National Park.

Peschici

Peschici is a town and "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Death Race 3: Inferno

Death Race 3: Inferno (also known as Death Race 3 Death Race: Inferno) is a 2013 American science fiction action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by Tony Gigilo. it is the third installment in the Death Race film series, and a sequel to Death Race 2 (2010) and a prequel to Death Race (2008). the film takes place between the second and first film, and follows

Hanu-Man

Hanu-Man (also marketed as HanuMan) is a 2024 Indian Telugu-language superhero movie written and directed by Prasanth Varma and produced by Primeshow Entertainment. It stars Teja Sajja in the title role, alongside Amritha Aiyer, Varalaxmi Sarathkumar, Samuthirakani, Vinay Rai and Vennela Kishore. The movie is set in the fictional village of Anjanadri and is the first installment of the Prasanth Varma Cinematic Universe (PVCU). Set in a fictional place called Anjanadri, the movie follows the story of Hanumanthu, who gets the power of Lord Hanuman to save the people of Anjanadri, and faces off against Michael after coming in contact with a mysterious gem.

The movie was officially announced in May 2021. Principal photography commenced on 25 June 2021 in Hyderabad and was wrapped by mid-April 2023. The movie has music composed by GowraHari and Anudeep Dev; cinematography by Dasaradhi Sivendra; visual effects supervised by Venkat Kumar Jetty; and editing by Sai Babu Talari.

"Hanu-Man" was released on 12 January 2024, on the occasion of Sankranti to positive reviews from critics praising Prashanth Varma's direction, screenwriting, cast performances, visualisation of Lord Hanuman, background score, VFX, production design, and action sequences. The movie broke several box-office records for a Telugu movie. The movie has grossed over , emerging as the second highest-grossing Indian movie of 2024, highest-grossing Telugu movie of 2024 and the eighth highest-grossing Telugu movie worldwide. A sequel is in development.


Law and Justice

Law and Justice ( PiS) is a right-wing populist and national-conservative political party in Poland. Its chairman is Jarosław Kaczyński.

It was founded in 2001 by Jarosław and Lech Kaczyński as a direct successor of the Centre Agreement after it split from the Solidarity Electoral Action (AWS). It won the 2005 parliamentary and presidential elections. Lech became the president of Poland. It headed a parliamentary coalition with the League of Polish Families and Self-Defence of the Republic of Poland between 2005 and the 2007 election. In 2007 it was second. It was the parliamentary opposition until 2015. It won the presidency in the 2015 election, and later won a majority of seats in the parliamentary election. They kept the positions following the 2019 and 2020 election, but lost their majority following the 2023 Polish parliamentary election. The President Andrzej Duda is a PiS nominee.

At the start it was a centrist Christian democratic party. Then it had more socially conservative views. It shifted to the right. Under Kaczyński's national-conservative and law and order agenda, it wanted economic interventionism. It has close relations with the Catholic Church, although in 2011, the Catholic-nationalist faction split off to form United Poland. During the 2010s, it also adopted right-wing populist positions. After regaining power, PiS gained popularity with transfer payments to families with children.

It is a member of the European Conservatives and Reformists, and on national-level, it heads the United Right coalition. In 2024 it had 163 seats in the Sejm and 34 in the Senate.

Firouzkouh

Firouzkouh () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Firouzkouh County.

Damavand

Damavand () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Damavand County.

Eslamshahr

Eslamshahr () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Eslamshahr County.

Nazarabad

Nazarabad () is a city in Alborz province, Iran. It is the capital of Nazarabad County.

Hand of Soccer

(Hand of Soccer) is a penalty in Soccer that is illegal use of the hands during the game of Association football. 

It is also a game for people with different disabilities to play the game of mini basketball.

Pakdasht

Pakdasht () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Pakdasht County.

Robat Karim

Robat Karim () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Robat Karim County.

Hashtgerd

Hashtgerd () is a city in Alborz province, Iran. It is the capital of Savojbolagh County.

Shahriar, Tehran province

Shahriar () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Shahriar County.

Varamin

Varamin () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Varamin County.

Polypedates occidentalis

The Charpa tree frog or Nagercoil whipping frog ("Polypedates occidentalis") is a frog. It lives in India. People have seen it in the Parambikulam Tiger Reserve and Charpa Forest Range in Kerala. People have seen it between 100 and 1100 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests, both forests that have never been cut down and forests that have been cut down and then grew back. It can also live on farms and in places where humans live.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people are changing the place where it lives.

Scientists say this frog is related to "P. cruciger", "P. pseudocruciger", and "P. maculatus".

Friulian language

Friulian (or Friulano in Italian) is a Romance language spoken in the Friuli region of northeastern Italy. It belongs to the Rhaeto-Romance language family.

Metamodernism

Metamodernism is a term that describes a way of thinking in academia that goes further than postmodernism. Metamodernism involves mixing modernist and postmodernist ideas, and sometimes even older, traditional ones. Metamodernists think that the negative approach of postmodernism of denying all ideas of truth is limited because it does not give a way forward much of the time. They also feel that the modernist idea of making new ideas has its benefits for being more optimistic than postmodernism. Metamodernists think the modernist ideas are not enough though, saying that postmodernism is useful as it keeps us alert. It is one of the ways to explain what comes after postmodernism.

Imagine a swing going back and forth. That's how some people think about metamodernism. It moves between the serious feelings of modernism and the sarcastic feelings of postmodernism. Others, like philosopher Jason Storm, say that metamodernism is not a swing going back and forth, but a spiral which spirals upwards. Jason Storm said that postmodernism is more like a spiral which goes downwards. That means that rather than criticising ideas (postmodernism), building on them while also criticising them (metamodernism).

In short, metamodernism is a way of thinking and creating that mixes and moves between being alert and being heartfelt, trying to understand and express the complex and connected world we live in today.

The word "metamodern" first popped up in 1975 with Mas'ud Zavarzadeh, talking about new ways of writing stories in America. Over the years, different people used "metamodern" to describe new art and literature that mixed modernism and postmodernism.

Back in 2002, Linda Hutcheon said we needed a new name for what was coming after postmodernism. She felt postmodernism was ending and challenged people to find a new name for the current cultural phase.

In 2010, Timotheus Vermeulen and Robin van den Akker wrote about metamodernism. Vermeulen and van den Akker are considered two of the main thinkers of metamodernism. They noticed a mix of old and new ideas in culture, like a swing between hope and sarcasm. They thought of metamodernism as a mix of old and new feelings, like being both naive and smart at the same time. They listed lots of examples in their work like the architecture of Herzog & de Meuron, the films of David Lynch, and art by Bas Jan Ader, Peter Doig, Olafur Eliasson, Kaye Donachie, Charles Avery, and Ragnar Kjartansson.

Some filmmakers have started using the word to explain the films they are making. One example is the oscar-winning film Everything Everywhere All at Once, where the directors The Daniels said they wanted to make a metamodern film. In the film, they achieve this by writing a story about a mom and daughter pair who are struggling, showing how they try to solve tensions between old and a new ways of thinking and living in the modern world.

Saïx

Saïx is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saliès

Saliès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Salles, Tarn

Salles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Salvagnac

Salvagnac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saussenac

Saussenac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sauveterre, Tarn

Sauveterre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

La Sauzière-Saint-Jean

La Sauzière-Saint-Jean is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Ségur

Le Ségur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sémalens

Sémalens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Senaux

Senaux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Senouillac

Senouillac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Sequestre

Le Sequestre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Acoustic Kitty

Acoustic Kitty was a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) project to use cats to spy on the Kremlin and Soviet embassies. It was the Directorate of Science and Technology of the CIA started the project in the 1960s.

The idea was to fit cats with microphones and an antenna to transmit the data. At first the idea was to use a special collar. It was found that this was to easy to detect, so the cat had to undergo surgery, to get the microphone and transmitter implanted. The microphone was put in the ear canal There was a small radio transmitter at the base of the skull, and a thin wire was put into its fur. 

This would allow the cat to innocuously record and transmit sound from its surroundings. Due to problems with distraction, the cat's sense of hunger had to be addressed in another operation. Victor Marchetti, a former CIA officer, said Project Acoustic Kitty cost about $20 million.

The first Acoustic Kitty mission was to eavesdrop on two men in a park outside the Soviet embassy in Washington, D.C. The cat was released nearby, but was hit and allegedly killed by a taxi almost immediately. However, this was disputed in 2013 by Robert Wallace, a former director of the Office of Technical Service, who said that the project was abandoned due to the difficulty of training the cat to behave as required, and "the equipment was taken out of the cat; the cat was re-sewn for a second time, and lived a long and happy life afterwards". Subsequent tests also failed. Shortly thereafter the project was considered a failure and declared to be a total loss. However, other accounts report more success for the project.

The project was cancelled in 1967. A closing memorandum said that the CIA researchers believed that they could train cats to move short distances, but that "the environmental and security factors in using this technique in a real foreign situation force us to conclude that for our (intelligence) purposes, it would not be practical." The project was disclosed in 2001, when some CIA documents were declassified.



National Premier Leagues

The National Premier Leagues (NPL) is a men's state soccer competition in Australia.

Below are listed the National Premier Leagues clubs in each respective state member federation from the 2023 season.

National Second Division

The National Second Division (NSD) is a proposed men's soccer league at the second level of the Australian soccer league system. It will be run by Football Australia and the Association of Australian Football Clubs (AAFC).

It has been suggested that the league will have between 12 and 16 teams, which would mostly clubs that currently compete in the National Premier Leagues (NPL).

It eventually aims to have a system of promotion and relegation with the A-League Men, which currently does not have promotion and relegation.

In November 2023, Football Australia announced the eight clubs that will compete in the first season.

More clubs will likely be announced later on. Several clubs are currently negotiating with Football Australia to join the competition in 2025.

Politics of Poland

The history of Poland is complex, and its political history is complicated by the changes in the boundaries and the population of the country. 

Since the end of communism many developed. The Polish United Workers' Party which had ruled the Polish People's Republic as a one-party state from 1948 to 1989 ceased to exist in 1990. 

The first election for president was held in 1990. Lech Wałęsa was elected. He beat Stanislaw Tyminski with 74% of the vote. Aleksander Kwasniewski, who had been in the Polish United Workers' Party was elected president in 1995 and 2000. He set up the Democratic Left Alliance. 

In 1991 there were open elections for the Seym. 111 political parties contested the elections. 29 of them got enough votes to get seats, but it was not possible to form a stable government and new elections were held in 1991. The rules were changed so that only parties that got at least 5% of the votes got seats. About a third of the votes went to right wing parties, but there were so many of them that they didnt get many people elected. The left wing parties had combined and got 46% of the members. 

In 1997 the conservative party Solidarity Electoral Action got 34% of the votes and 44% of the members. 

2020 in movies

2020 in movies is a history of events, which includes the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2020, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of films released, and notable deaths.

TBA

The top films released in 2020 by worldwide gross are as follows

TBA

TBA

TBA

TBA

TBA
2019 in movies

2019 in film is a overview of events, including the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2019, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of films released, and movie programming.

TBA

The top films released in 2019 by worldwide gross are as follows 

TBA

TBA 

TBA 

TBA

TBA 

TBA

TBA

TBA
Balistes vetula

Balistes vetula, the queen triggerfish or cochino, is a species of triggerfish in the genus "Balistes". This fish's coloration is a combination of blue, purple, turquoise, green, yellow, and light blue. It preys on invertebrates, notably sea urchins. In aquariums, it will often eat shrimp, squid, clams, octopuses, scallops, and crabs.

South Melbourne FC

South Melbourne Football Club, formerly called South Melbourne Hellas, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Albert Park, a suburb of Melbourne. The currently competes in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL Victoria), and plays its home games at Lakeside Stadium.

South Melbourne was founded in 1965 by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community, which is the largest in the world outside Greece.

During the National Soccer League (NSL) era between 1977 and 2007, South Melbourne were a very successful club. South Melbourne was one of only two clubs that competed in every season of the NSL (the other being Marconi Stallions). South Melbourne won the NSL four times, as well as many Dockerty Cups and Victorian State League titles. South Melbourne represented the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) at the first ever FIFA Club World Cup, held in 2000 in Brazil.

South Melbourne was chosen by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS) as the Oceanian Club of the 20th Century.

In 2023, South Melbourne was announced as one of the eight clubs that will compete in the first ever season of the National Second Division (NSD), the upcoming second level of the Australian soccer league system, in 2025.

Ange Postecoglou

Angelos "Ange" Postecoglou ( ; , "Angelos Postekoglou"; born 27 August 1965) is a Greek-born Australian soccer manager and former player. He is the current manager of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur.

Postecoglou was born in Nea Filadelfeia in Athens, but grew up in Melbourne. He spent most of his club career playing as a defender for South Melbourne Hellas, and played four games for the Australian national team (nicknamed the "Socceroos"). Postecoglou became the manager of South Melbourne in 1996, leading the club to win two National Soccer League (NSL) titles and the Oceania Club Championship in 1999. He then led the men's national under-17 and under-20 teams.

Postecoglou managed Brisbane Roar and later Melbourne Victory in the A-League. He led Brisbane Roar to win the Premiership in 2011 and the Championship in 2011 and 2012. He managed the Socceroos from 2013 until 2017, leading the Socceroos to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and later to win the 2015 AFC Asian Cup. Two weeks after Australia qualified for the 2018 World Cup, Postecoglou resigned as manager of the team.

Postecoglou later managed J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos, leading them to win the league in 2019. He then led Scottish Premiership club Celtic to win five trophies (including two league titles) in two seasons. In 2023, he became head coach of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur.

Cliff Cash

Clifton Freeman Cash is an American stand-up comedian From North Carolina.

Cash was born in Gastonia, North Carolina.

He is also a photographer 

Chudhary Sher Ali

Chudhary Sher Ali is a Pakistani Politician who was served as 3rd Mayor of Faisalabad. Previously he served as 2nd Mayor of Faisalabad, his son is former Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan and Minister of state for Power of Pakistan.

Chudhary Sher Ali was born on 20 August 1949 in Faisalabad, formerly Layallpur to father Usman bin Dar.

In 1969, Chudhary Sher Ali join Pakistan Muslim League after 1987 he join Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz and Rana elections of mayor of Faisalabad and he beat M. Riaz Shahid in 1987.
In 1991 he again elected as mayor of Faisalabad.


Mayor of Faisalabad

Nazim-e-Faisalabad is the mayor who heads the Faisalabad Municipal Corporation (FMC) which controls the local government of Faisalabad. Chairman District Council Faisalabad

Deadpool &amp; Wolverine

Deadpool & Wolverine is an upcoming American superhero comedy movie. It is expected to be released on July 26, 2024 in North America. It is based on the Marvel Comics's character Deadpool. It is the sequel to "Deadpool" and "Deadpool 2" and is a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It is the first Deadpool movie to be a part of the MCU. It was directed by Shawn Levy. 
Principal photography for the movie started in London, England on May 22, 2023 and ended on January 24, 2024. Filming was delayed because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

During development of the third Deadpool movie, their studio 21st Century Fox was purchased by The Walt Disney Company and it caused delays until the deal was completed. After the purchase, Deadpool would be transfered to the MCU. It would also keep its R rating.

Ryan Reynolds would describe the movie as a road trip-type movie and would also feature Hugh Jackman as Wolverine. It is Jackman's first time playing Wolverine since "Logan" in 2017.



Women's March on Versailles

The Women's March on Versailles was one of the earliest events of the French Revolution. It was also very important. Other names for the event are October March, October Days or simply March on Versailles. The march began on the morning of 5 October 1789. Women had gone to the marketplaces in Paris. When they became aware that the price of bread had increased once again, they nearly started a riot. There were also revoutionaries there. The revolutionaries had a political agenda: They wanted the state to become more liberal, and they also wanted to change the absolute monarchy into a constitutional one. The market women and their allies ultimately grew into a mob of thousands. They broke into the city armory, and stole weapons. Then they marched to the Palace of Versailles. The crowd besieged the palace, and successfully told their demands to King Louis XVI. The next day, the crowd forced the king, his family, and most of the French Assembly to return with them to Paris.

These events ended the king's independence. They were the start of a new balance of power. In the end, the established, privileged orders of the French nobility would lose their influence in favor of the common people, collectively known as the Third Estate. By bringing together people representing the sources of the Revolution in their largest numbers yet, the march on Versailles proved to be a defining moment of the Revolution.

At the start, there were poor harvests. Turgot, Louis XVI's Controller-General of Finances decreed that the grain market should be deregulated, in 1774. This was the main cause of a famine, which led to the Flour War in 1775. The fear of a famine was always present, at the end of the Ancien Régime. Many poor people, the loweer part of the Third Estate also believed that there was a plan to starve them. This plan was called "Pacte de Famine". Rumors that there would be food shortages caused the Réveillon riots in April 1789. Rumors of a plot to destroy wheat crops in order to starve the population provoked the Great Fear in the summer of 1789.

When the October "journées" took place, France's revolutionary decade, 1789–1799, had only just begun. The storming of the Bastille had occurred less than three months earlier. The Revolution's capacity for violence was not yet fully realized. The common citizens of France – particularly in Paris – began to participate in politics and government. The poorest among them focused almost exclusively on the issue of food: most workers spent nearly half their income on bread. In the post-Bastille period, price inflation and severe shortages in Paris were commonplace, as were local incidents of violence in the marketplaces.

The king's court and the deputies of the National Constituent Assembly resided comfortably in the royal city of Versailles. There, they were talking about big changes to to the French political system. Reformist deputies had managed to pass sweeping legislation in the weeks after the Bastille's fall, including the revolutionary August Decrees and the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen. The August Decrees formally abolished most privileges of noblemen and clergy. Their attention then shifted, towards the creation of a permanent constitution. There were different fractions, who wanted different things in the constitution. Some people,called Monarchists, thought that a monarchy was not that bad. After the revolution, they had a difficult position against the Reformers, who wanted to abolish the monarchy. By September of that year, the position of the Monarchists started to improve. During constitutional negotiations they were able to secure a legislative veto power for the king. Many of the reformers did not expect this; further negotiations were hobbled by discord.

Reforners found it difficult to negotiate in Versailles, the seat of power. They felt more at ease in Paris. Paris lay within walking distance, less than to the northeast. The reformist deputies were well aware that the four hundred or more monarchist deputies were working to transfer the Assembly to the distant royalist city of Tours, a place even less hospitable to their efforts than Versailles. Worse, many feared that the King, emboldened by the growing presence of royal troops, might simply dissolve the Assembly, or at least undo the August decrees. The King was indeed considering this, and when, on 18 September, he issued a formal statement giving his approval to only a portion of the decrees, the deputies were incensed. Stoking their anger even further, the King stated on 4 October that he had reservations about the Declaration of the Rights of Man.

Contrary to post-revolutionary mythology, the march was not a spontaneous event. Numerous calls for a mass demonstration at Versailles had already been made; notably, the Marquis of Saint-Huruge, one of the popular speakers of the Palais-Royal, had militated for just such a march in August. He wanted to evict the obstructionist deputies. He claimed that these people were protecting the King's veto power. His efforts were not successful. The revolutionaries still thought a march on Versailles to force the King to accept the Assembly's laws was a good idea. Speakers at the Palais-Royal mentioned it regularly, fanning suspicions that its proprietor, Louis Philippe II, Duke of Orléans, was secretly fomenting a mass action against Versailles. The idea of a march on Versailles was widespread and was even discussed in the pages of the "Mercure de France" (5 September 1789). Popular unrest was in the air and many nobles and foreigners fled.

There was a rebellion of the French Guards a few hours before the storming of the Bastille. The only troops immediately available for the security of the palace at Versailles were the aristocratic Garde du Corps (Body Guard) and the Cent-Suisses (Hundred Swiss). Both were primarily ceremonial units and lacked the numbers and training to provide effective protection for the royal family and the government. The king's minister of war, the Comte de Saint-Priest ordered the Flanders Regiment (a regular infantry regiment of the Royal Army) to Versailles in late September 1789. He did this out of precaution.

On 1 October, the officers at Versailles held a welcoming banquet for the officers of the newly-arrived troops. This was common practice when a unit changed its garrison. The royal family briefly attended, walking amongst the tables set up in the opera house of the palace. Outside, in the "cour de marbre" (central courtyard), the soldiers' toasts and oaths of fealty to the king grew more demonstrative as the night wore on.

The banquet was held at a time where many people did not have enough food, or could not afford it. So this banquet was an affront. Many newspaprs, among them "L'Ami du peuple," reported on the banquet. They called it a gluttonous orgy. Worst of all, the papers also wrote about that the tricolor cockade; had been desecrated: drunken officers were said to have stamped upon this symbol of the nation and professed their allegiance solely to the white cockade of the House of Bourbon. This tale of the royal banquet was a source of intense public outrage.

On the morning of 5 October, a young woman struck a marching drum at the edge of a group of market-women who were infuriated by the chronic shortage and high price of bread. From their starting point in the markets of the eastern section of Paris known as the Faubourg Saint-Antoine, the angry women forced a nearby church to ring its bells. Their numbers continued to grow and the group began to march. More women from other marketplaces joined in, many bearing kitchen blades and other makeshift weapons, as the tocsins rang from church towers throughout several districts. Driven by manny different agitators, the mob converged on the Hôtel de Ville (the City Hall of Paris) where they demanded not only bread, but arms. As more and more women – and men – arrived, the crowd outside the city hall reached between six and seven thousand, and perhaps as many as ten thousand.

One of the men was Stanislas-Marie Maillard, a prominent vainqueur of the Bastille. Maillard took his own drum and led with the cry of ""à Versailles!"" He was a popular figure among the market-women. Although hardly a man of gentle disposition, Maillard helped, by force of character, to suppress the mob's worst instincts; he rescued the Hôtel de Ville's quartermaster, Pierre-Louis Lefebvre-Laroche, a priest commonly known as "Abbé Lefebvre", who had been strung up on a lamppost for trying to safeguard its gunpowder storage. The City Hall itself was pillaged as the crowd surged through, confiscating its provisions and weapons. Maillard helped to prevent the crowd from burning down the entire building. In due course, the rioters' attention turned again to Versailles. Maillard deputized a number of women as group leaders and gave a loose sense of order to the proceedings as he led the crowd out of the city in the driving rain.

As they left, thousands of National Guardsmen who had heard the news were assembling at the "Place de Grève". The Marquis de Lafayette, in Paris as their commander-in-chief, discovered to his dismay that his soldiers were largely in favor of the march. Agitators encouraged them to join the march. Even though he was one of France's greatest war heroes, Lafayette could not dissuade his troops and they began threatening to desert. Rather than see them leave as another anarchic mob, the Parisian municipal government told Lafayette to guide their movements; they also instructed him to request that the king return voluntarily to Paris to satisfy the people. Sending a swift horseman forward to warn Versailles, Lafayette contemplated the near mutiny of his men: he was aware that many of them had openly promised to kill him if he did not lead or get out of the way. At four o'clock in the afternoon, fifteen thousand National Guardsmen with several thousand more civilian latecomers set off for Versailles. Lafayette reluctantly took his place at the head of their column, hoping to protect the king and public order.

The rioters had already availed themselves of the stores of the Hôtel de Ville, but they remained unsatisfied: they wanted not just one meal but the assurance that bread would once again be plentiful and cheap. Famine was a real and ever-present dread for the lower strata of the Third Estate, and rumors of an "aristocrats' plot" to starve the poor were rampant and readily believed.

The hunger and despair of the market women was the original reason for the march. What started as a search for bread soon took on other goals. Notably, there was common resentment against the reactionary attitudes prevailing in Court circles even before the uproar sparked by the notorious banquet precipitated the political aspects of the march. Activists in the crowd spread the word that the king needed to dismiss his royal bodyguards entirely and replace them all with patriotic National Guardsmen, a line of argument that resonated with Lafayette's soldiers.

These two popular goals led to a third, which was that the King and his court, and the Assembly as well, must all be moved to Paris to reside among the people. Only then would the foreign soldiers be expelled, food supply would be reliable and France served by a leader who was "in communion with his own people". The plan appealed to all segments of the crowd. Even those who were supportive of the monarchy (and there were many among the women) felt the idea of bringing home "le bon papa" was a good and comforting plan. For revolutionaries, the preservation of their recent legislative victories and the creation of a constitution were very important and a lockdown of the king within reformist Paris would provide a good environment for the Revolution to succeed.

The crowd traveled the distance from Paris to Versailles in about six hours. Among their makeshift weaponry they dragged along several cannons taken from the Hôtel de Ville.On their way the convinced or recruited more and more followers as they left Paris in the autumn rain. In their "poissard" slang, they chattered about bringing the king back home. They spoke less affectionately of the queen, Marie Antoinette, and many called for her death.

When the crowd reached Versailles, it was met by another group that had assembled from the surrounding area. Members of the Assembly greeted the marchers and invited Maillard into their hall, where he talked about the Flanders Regiment and the people's need for bread. As he spoke, the restless Parisians came pouring into the Assembly and sank exhausted on the deputies' benches. Hungry, fatigued, and bedraggled from the rain, they seemed to confirm that the siege was a simple demand for food. The unprotected deputies had no choice but to receive the marchers, who shouted down most of the speakers and demanded to hear from the popular reformist deputy Mirabeau. The great speaker declined this chance to speak. He joined with the market women, even sitting for some time with one of them upon his knee. A few other deputies welcomed the marchers warmly, including Maximilien Robespierre who was at that time a relatively obscure political figure. Robespierre spoke strong words of support for the women and their plight; his intervention helped to soften the crowd's hostility towards the Assembly.

The president of the Assembly, was Jean Joseph Mounier. When they arrived, Mounier had few options. For this reason, he accompanied a deputation of market-women into the palace to see the king. The crowd elected six women. Mounier accompanied these six women to the king's appartment, where they told the king of the problems of the crowd. The king responded sympathetically, and using all his charm impressed the women to the point that one of them fainted at his feet. After this brief but pleasant meeting, arrangements were made to disttribute some food from the royal stores, with more promised. Some people in the crowd felt that their goals had been met. As rain once again began to pelt Versailles, Maillard and a small cluster of market women trooped triumphantly back to Paris.

Most in the crowd, however, were not satisfied. They milled around the palace grounds with rumors abounding that the women's deputation had been duped – the queen would inevitably force the king to break any promises that had been made. Well aware of the mounting danger, Louis discussed the situation with his advisors. At about six o'clock in the evening, the king made a belated effort to quell the rising tide of insurrection: he announced that he would accept the August decrees and the Declaration of the Rights of Man without qualification. Adequate preparations to defend the palace were not made, however: the bulk of the royal guards, who had been deployed under arms in the main square for several hours facing a hostile crowd, was withdrawn to the far end of the park of Versailles. In the words of one of the officers: "Everyone was overwhelmed with sleep and lethargy, we thought it was all over." This left only the usual night guard of sixty-one Gardes du Corps posted throughout the palace.

Late in the evening, Lafayette's national guardsmen approached up the "Avenue de Paris". Lafayette immediately left his troops and went to see the king, grandly announcing himself with the declaration, "I have come to die at the feet of Your Majesty". Outside, an uneasy night was spent in which his Parisian guardsmen mingled with the marchers, and the two groups sounded each other out. Many in the crowd denounced Lafayette as a traitor, complaining of his resistance to leaving Paris and the slowness of his march. By the first light of morning, it was clear that the national guards and the women had formed an alliance and the crowd's vigor was restored.
At about six o'clock in the morning, some of the protesters discovered a small gate to the palace was unguarded. Making their way inside, they searched for the queen's bedchamber. The royal guards retreated through the palace, locking doors and barricading hallways and those in the compromised sector, the "cour de marbre", fired their guns at the intruders, killing a young member of the crowd. Infuriated, the rest surged towards the breach and streamed inside.

One of the "gardes du corps" on duty was killed immediately and his body decapitated. A second , posted outside the entrance to the Queen's apartments, attempted to face down the crowd and was struck down severely wounded. As battering and screaming filled the halls around her, the queen ran barefoot with her ladies to the king's bedchamber and spent several minutes banging on its locked door, unheard above the din. They escaped through the doorway safely and in time to avoid the crowd.

The chaos continued as other royal guards were found and beaten; at least one more was killed and his head too appeared atop a pike. Finally, the fury of the attack subsided enough to permit some communication between the former French Guards, who formed the professional core of Lafayette's National Guard militia, and the royal "gardes du corps". The units had a history of cooperation and a military sense of mutual respect, and Lafayette, who had been sleeping, awoke and intervened. The two groups of soldiers were reconciled by Lafayette and a tenuous peace was established within the palace.
The fighting stopped, and the two commands of troops had cleared the inside of the palace. The mob was still present outside the palace. The rank and file of both the Flanders Regiment and another regular unit present, the Montmorency Dragoons, now appeared unwilling to act against the people. While the "guet" (watch) of Gardes du Corps on palace duty overnight had shown courage in protecting the royal family, the main body of the regiment had abandoned their position near the Triannon and retreated to Rambouillet at dawn. Lafayette convinced the king to address the crowd. When the two men stepped out on a balcony an unexpected cry went up: ""Vive le Roi!"" (Long live the king!) The relieved king briefly conveyed his willingness to return to Paris, acceding "to the love of my good and faithful subjects". As the crowd cheered, Lafayette stoked their joy by dramatically pinning a tricolor cockade to the hat of the king's nearest bodyguard.

After the king withdrew, the presence of the Queen was demanded loudly. Lafayette brought her to the same balcony, accompanied by her young son and daughter. The crowd ominously shouted for the children to be taken away, and it seemed the stage might be set for a regicide. Yet, as the queen stood with her hands crossed over her chest, the crowd – some of whom had muskets leveled in her direction – warmed to her courage. Amid this unlikely development, Lafayette cannily let the mob's fury drain away until, with dramatic timing and flair, he knelt reverently and kissed her hand. The demonstrators responded with a muted respect, and many even raised a cheer which the queen had not heard for some time: ""Vive la Reine!""

The goodwill generated by these displays defused the situation, but to many observers the scene on the balcony lacked long-term resonance. However pleased it may have been by the royal displays, the crowd insisted that the king return with them to Paris.

At about one o'clock in the afternoon of 6 October 1789 the crowd escorted the royal family and a complement of one hundred deputies back to the capital, with the armed National Guards leading the way. By now the mass of people had grown to over sixty thousand, and the return trip took about nine hours. The procession could seem merry at times, as guardsmen hoisted up loaves of bread stuck on the tips of their bayonets, and some of the market women rode gleefully astride the captured cannon. Some people in the crowd sang pleasantries about their "Good Papa". Despite this, a violent undercurrent was clearly in evidence; celebratory gunshots flew over the royal carriage and some marchers carried pikes bearing the heads of the slaughtered Versailles guards. A sense of victory over the ""ancien régime"" animated the parade and the relationship between the King and his people would never be the same.

No one understood this so well as the king himself. After arriving at the dilapidated Tuileries Palace, abandoned since the reign of Louis XIV, he was asked for his orders and he replied with uncharacteristic diffidence, "Let everyone put himself where he pleases!". He then poignantly asked that a history of the deposed Charles I of England be brought from the library.

The rest of the National Constituent Assembly followed the king within two weeks to new quarters in Paris. In short order, the entire body settled in only a few steps from the Tuileries at a former riding school, the "Salle du Manège". However, some fifty-six "monarchien" deputies did not come with them, believing the mob in the capital to be dangerous. The October "journées" thus effectively deprived the monarchist faction of significant representation in the Assembly as most of these deputies retreated from the political scene; many, like Mounier, fled the country altogether.




Fear conditioning

Fear conditioning is a process that helps our brain learn to associate certain things with fear. This mechanism plays a crucial role in how we respond to potentially threatening situations
Fear conditioning is a type of learning where our brain associates a neutral stimulus with a fearful experience. In simple terms, it's like our brain creating a connection between something ordinary and something scary.

Imagine you hear a specific sound, like a bell ringing. At first, this sound means nothing to 
you; it's neutral and doesn't provoke any fear. 
Now, let's say that every time the bell rings, something scary happens, like a loud noise or a sudden shock. Your brain starts connecting the neutral sound (bell) with the frightening experience.
After repeated pairings of the bell and the scary event, your brain starts associating the bell with fear. Now, even if the scary event doesn't happen, just hearing the bell can make you feel afraid.

The amygdala, a small almond-shaped structure in the brain, is the key player in fear conditioning. It processes emotions, including fear, and helps us respond appropriately to potential threats. When the neutral stimulus becomes associated with fear, the amygdala signals our body to react, preparing us to face the perceived danger.

A classic example of conditioning to a neutral stimulus is 
Pavlov's experiment with dogs. He paired the sound of a bell with the presentation of food. Eventually, the dogs started salivating at the sound of the bell alone, anticipating the food.

In another famous experiment, Little Albert was exposed to a white rat along with loud noises. Over time, he became afraid not only of the rat but also of similar white, furry objects, illustrating how fear can generalize to similar stimuli.
Understanding fear conditioning helps us comprehend how phobias and anxiety disorders may develop. Traumatic experiences can lead to the association of neutral stimuli with fear, contributing to the persistence of irrational fears.

Fear conditioning is a fundamental process that allows our brains to adapt and respond to potential threats. By associating neutral stimuli with fear, our brain learns to recognize and react to situations that may be harmful. This simple yet powerful mechanism is crucial for our survival and shapes our emotional responses to the world around us.

Hassanally Abdul Rahman

Hassanally Aabdul Rahman or Hassan Ali Abdul Rahman ( ) was a lawyer and politician born in Karachi, Sindh. He lived from 1909 to 1986. 

He was born to a family of legal professionals, government officers, and people active in the education sector. His father was the late and influential Karachi citizen, Barrister Abdurrahman. He received his barrister-at-law from Middle Temple, England in 1934. 

He was one of the founding architects along with his younger brother Tufail Ali Abdul Rehman of the Sindh Muslim Government Law College in Karachi. He also served as the first principal of the college. Known as a social and community leader, Rahman was the vice chancellor of Sindh University, Jamshoro, where he served twice in the same capacity.

He was the treasurer of the Pakistan Institute of International Affairs, Secretary General of All Pakistan Educational Society, and President/Board Member Sindh Muslim Law College (S.M. Law College). In 1952, he led the Pakistani delegation to UNESCO. In 1953, he represented the country at the Commonwealth University Conference.

Rahman was the older brother of Justice Tufail Ali Abdul Rehman, who also served as Attorney General of Pakistan and the Chief Justice of Sindh and Balochistan High Courts. Tufail Ali Abdul Rehman was also the presiding judge who sat on the Hamoodur Rahman commission post 1971 civil war between then West Pakistan (present-day Pakistan) and East Pakistan (present-day Bangladesh).

The two brothers were the only founding members of the Sindh Muslim Law College. Rahman’s father Barrister Abdul Rahman was a barrister-at-law of the Subcontinent and was affiliated with the Queens Council.

In addition, Rahman served as one of the founding members of Karachi University. In 1967 he was removed from that position because of political discontent.

Rahman became a barrister and was also politically active in the British Raj. He along with other fellow barristers worked with Muhammed Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan.


Kickers Offenbach

Offenbacher Fußball-Club Kickers, also known as Kickers Offenbach, is a German football club from Offenbach am Main, Hesse.

Bourbonnella

"To see this article, you can check out the Related pages section of List of prehistoric bony fish genera."

Bourbonnella is an extinct genus of freshwater ray-finned fish from the Mississippian.

It has the following species:


This fish had a deep, fusiform body. It had an area of small scales supporting the dorsal fin. The smallest was "Bourbonnella guilloti", which was about 15 cm, while the largest was "Bourbonnella fourrieri" of 30 cm.


Ethel Caterham

Ethel May Caterham (née Collins; born 21 August 1909) is an English supercentenarian. She is best known for being the oldest known living person in the United Kingdom and the last born in the 1900s decade.

Caterham's case was verified by Oliver Trim and Waclaw Jan Kroczek, and validated by the Gerontology Research Group (GRG) as of 28 January 2023.

Ethel May Collins was born in Shipton Bellinger, Hampshire, England on 21 August 1909. Her birth was registered in Andover. She was the seventh of eight children. She was raised in Tidworth, Wiltshire. Her elder sister Gladys Maud Babilas died in March 2002, aged 104.

Collins went on voyage to British India in 1927, at the age of 18, and worked as an au pair to a military family there until she was 21. She said: "I have very fond memories of my time in India, British life there was very privileged, we were waited on by servants and we kept both British traditions like Christmas and Indian traditions like Tiffin and Tea. It was not very common in my area for young women to head off to India but my parents were excited for me at the thought of this amazing experience."

Collins met her future husband Norman Caterham at a dinner party in 1931. The couple married at Salisbury Cathedral. Their marriage was registered in Brentford, Middlesex in January 1933. Her husband served in the Royal Army Pay Corps. This saw the couple travel to several parts of the world, including Hong Kong, where she set up a nursery to teach English, crafts and games. They also travelled to Gibraltar, where they started their family; they raised two daughters back in England. Her husband died in July 1976. He was 71.

Caterham has lived in Surrey for over 50 years and has resides in a care home in Ash Vale, Guildford since 2020. She had previously lived in Bisley. She drove until she was 97 and enjoyed playing contract bridge in her centenarian years. She survived COVID-19 in 2020, aged 110, and was visited by the Mayor of Surrey Heath on her 111th birthday in August. Shortly before her 111th birthday, she and her granddaughter were interviewed by BBC Radio Surrey, where she said her secret to her longevity was "taking everything in my stride, the highs and the lows."

Caterham has received letters from Queen Elizabeth II to mark her 100th birthday in August 2009, her 105th birthday in August 2014 and her 110th birthday in August 2019. She had also received eight telegrams from the Queen.

Caterham became the oldest known living person in the United Kingdom upon the death of 112-year-old Mary "Mollie" Walker MBE on 22 January 2022. She turned 113 in August of that year, becoming the first person in Britain to do so since Olive Boar in 2017. On 7 October 2022, upon the death of 113-year-old Rose Eaton, she became the last British person born before 1910. Since the death of Lucile Randon of France on 17 January 2023, she has been the second-oldest person in Europe, after Spain's Maria Branyas—the world's oldest living person. She is, however, the oldest living European-born person, as Branyas was born in the United States. She is the last surviving subject of King Edward VII.

Wieprz

The Wieprz is a river in central-eastern Poland, and a tributary of the Vistula. It is the country's ninth longest river, with a total length of 349 km and a catchment area of 10,497 km, all within Poland. Its course near the town of Łęczna includes the protected area known as Wieprz Landscape Park.

The river has its source in Lake Wieprz, in Wieprzów Tarnawacki near Tomaszów Lubelski, and flows into the Vistula near Dęblin. The Wieprz is connected to another river, the Krzna, through the 140-kilometer Wieprz-Krzna Canal, built in 1954-1961. Because the Wieprz with its wide valley has not been regulated, its nature is very diverse. The meandering river with its oxbow lakes is inhabited by numerous birds, European otters and Eurasian beavers.

Maria Curie-Sklodowska University

Maria Curie-Sklodowska University is a public research university, in Lublin, Poland. It is named after Marie Curie-Sklodowska.

It was started on October 23, 1944, by the Lublin Committee during the Second World War. It is now the largest university in Eastern Poland, with in Lublin, and a satellite campus in Puławy. The University has nearly 16,000 students, who study in over 90 disciplines. Out of those 16,000, over 1,600 are international students from about 45 different countries.


Imtiaz Qureshi

Imtiaz Qureshi (2 February 1931 – 16 February 2024) was an Indian chef known for reviving the "Dum Pukht" cooking tradition and creating restaurant brands including "Bukhara" and "Dum Pukht". He was a master chef at ITC Hotels, an Indian luxury hotel chain. Qureshi is credited with the popularization of Awadhi cuisine with some of his popular dishes including "Dal Bukhara", "Dum Pukht Biryani", "Kakori Kebab", "Warqi Paratha," and "Garlic Kheer".

In 2016, Qureshi received the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honor, for his culinary contributions. He was the first chef to win this award in this category. He died in Mumbai on 16 February 2024, two weeks after his 93rd birthday.
Rhizodus

Rhizodus (meaning "root tooth") is an extinct genus of giant freshwater lobe-finned fish belonging to the group Rhizodontida. It was even bigger than the beluga sturgeon, making it the largest freshwater fish to have ever existed. Carbon-dated fossils show that "Rhizodus" went extinct a mere 8,000 years ago.

The two species are:


What makes "Rhizodus" so unique among other large rhizodonts such as "Barameda" were the massive 22 cm (8.7 in) teeth. They were used to crunch and kill prey into digestible bits, rather than swallowing them whole. This prehistoric monstrosity weighed 4,000 kg and resembled a hulking acanthodian with ginormous teeth. On its body were large plates.

"Rhizodus" is the type genus of the Rhizodontida,‭ ‬a group of lobe-finned fishes.

"Rhizodus hibberti" is the type species of "Rhizodus" and is from the Viséan stage of the United Kingdom. 

"Rhizodus serpukhovensis" is from the Serpukhovian of Russia. However, it is not well known.

The diet of "Rhizodus" included medium-sized fish and other tetrapods. "Rhizodus" lunged at terrestrial prey like a crocodile.




Rubab

The Rubab (Pashto: رُباب), also known as Robab or Rabab, is a musical instrument a bit like a guitar. It is mostly played by the Pashtun, Baluch and Kho people of Pakistan and Afghanistan. There are different kinds of Rubabs, like the "Kabuli rebab", the "Rawap", the "Pamiri rubab", and the "seni rebab". People in many parts of Asia, including Central, South, and Southeast Asia, play the Rubab. The word "Rubab" comes from the Arabic word ""rebab"". In Central and South Asia, people play it by plucking its strings, but in other places, they use a bow.

The rubab has been around since the 7th century CE. It's mentioned in old Persian books, and many Sufi poets talk about it in their poems. It's a traditional instrument and its types are used a lot in countries like Afghanistan, Pakistan, Azerbaijan, Iran, Turkey, Iraq, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and even in the Xinjiang province of northwest China.

The rubab was also the first instrument used in Sikhism. Bhai Mardana, a Muslim friend of the first guru, Guru Nanak, used to play it. Whenever a shabad (holy song) was revealed to Guru Nanak, he would sing it, and Bhai Mardana would play the rubab. He was known as a rababi. The tradition of playing the rubab is still carried on by Punjabi Sikhs and Muslims.

The seni rebab was first made during the Mughal Empire. It has a special hook at the back of its head, which makes it easy for musicians to carry it on their shoulders and play while walking. Another kind of Rubab, called the Punjabi rabab or 'Firandia' rabab, is popular in Punjab.

In Tajikistan and northern Pakistan, there's a similar instrument called the rubab-i-pamir (Pamiri rubab). It looks a bit different, with a shallower body and neck and six gut strings. There's also one string attached partway down the neck, which is similar to the fifth string of the American banjo.

The rubab's body is made from one piece of wood, with a head that covers a hollow bowl where the sound comes from. The bridge sits on the skin and stays in place because of the tightness of the strings. It usually has three melody strings tuned in fourths, two or three drone strings, and sometimes up to 15 sympathetic strings. The instrument is usually made from the trunk of a mulberry tree, the head from animal skin like goat, and the strings from either the intestines of young goats (gut) or nylon.

Puławy

Puławy is a town in eastern Poland, in Lesser Poland's Lublin Voivodeship, where the Vistula and Kurówka rivers meet. Puławy is the capital of Puławy County. 47,417 lived there in 2019. Its coat of arms is based on the coat of arms of Lithuania.

Puławy was first mentioned in documents of the 15th century. At that time it was spelled "Pollavy", its name probably came from a Vistula River ford. The town is a local center of science, industry and tourism, together with nearby Nałęczów and Kazimierz Dolny. Puławy is home to Poland's first permanent museum, the Czartoryskich Palace. It is a Vistula River port. It is a center of higher education.

The town has two bridges and four rail stations, and serves as a road junction. Nearby Dęblin has a military airport.

Strunius

Strunius is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish from the Devonian of Germany and Latvia. Although it was a lobe-finned fish, the fins of "Strunius" were supported by fin rays, which are more associated with ray-finned fish. It had a short and stubby body.

Here is a gallery:


Chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf

Chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf A political party has a party leader and a party leader, whose job it is to look after the problems of the party. Bohat Ali Khan is current Chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, he succeed Imran Khan

NA-102 Faisalabad VIII

NA-102 Faisalabad-VIII (این اے-102، فیصل آباد-۸) is a constituency for the National Assembly of Pakistan

Changez Khan Kakar

Changez Ahmed Khan Kakar is a Pakistan Politician who is a Member of the National Assembly. He succeed Chuadhary Abid Sher Ali in 2024 general elections.

András Bozóki

András Bozóki (born 23 January 1959) is a Hungarian sociologist and politician. He served as Minister of Education between 2005 and 2006. He is professor of political science at Central European University. His research areas are political change, political systems, Central European politics, political ideologies, the history of ideas and the political role of the intelligentsia.

He studied at Eötvös Loránd University and obtained a Doctor Juris in law in 1983 and a Master of Arts in sociology in 1985. After graduation, he got a teaching position at the university, where he taught at the Department of Sociology and Law (since 2013 named as Department of Legal and Social Theory). In 1988-89, he was a fellow at UCLA's Department of Sociology. In 1992, he defended his doctoral dissertation in political science at the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

Since 1993, he has been a full-time lecturer at the Central European University, participating in the development of the doctoral program in political science.

He was a visiting professor (Deák Chair) at Columbia University (2004, 2009, 2015), University of Nottingham (1993), Smith College, Mount Holyoke College, Hampshire College (1999-2000), University of Tübingen (1999-2001), University of Bologna (2008) and University of Ljubljana (2013).

He was a researcher at the Institut für die Wissenschaften von Menschen (IWM) in Vienna (1990-1991 and 2018), the Wisschenschaftskolleg in Berlin (Andrew Mellon Fellow, 1993-1994), the European Institute of Sussex University (1998), the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study (NIAS) (1998), the European University Institute (EUI) (Jean Monnet Fellow, 2000-2001 and Fernand Braudel Fellow, 2012), and Södertörns University in Stockholm (2008).

In 1985, he participated in the opposition event of the European Cultural Forum. In 1987 he was at the Lakitelek meeting. In May 1988 he was the founder of the Free Initiatives Network. In 1989, he participated in the National Round Table negotiations, where he represented the Opposition Round Table and was a member of the working committee dealing with the creation of legal guarantees excluding violent solutions. 

Between 1988-1993 he was a member of Fidesz. From January to May 1990, he was the spokesperson of Fidesz. In 1991-1992 he was an expert of the party's parliamentary faction. In 1993 he left Fidesz. 

Between 2003 and 2004, he was a member of the advisory board of Prime Minister Péter Medgyessy. From February 2005 to June 2006, he was Minister of Education in the first Ferenc Gyurcsány government.

Between 1989-1992 he worked as the founding editor of newspaper "Magyar Narancs". In the 2000s, he was a columnist for "Magyar Hírlap" and then "Figyelő".

Anita Falieros

Anita Falieros is an Australian former taekwondo martial artist She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the flyweight event. 

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -47 kg category. She won at the European Taekwondo Championships the silver medal in 1990 and the bronze medal in 1992.

Abbe Kıvrık

Abbe Kıvrık (born 28 November 1972) is a Turkish former taekwondo martial artist. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1992 and the bronze medal in 1996.

TVP Info

TVP Info is a Polish free-to-air television news channel, run by the public state broadcaster TVP. It mostly broadcasts nationwide news bulletins. Until 20 December 2023, its main offices were in Warsaw Uprising Square. Since 29 December 2023 they are in the main TVP building on Woronicza Street, Warsaw.

During the rule of the Law and Justice-majority government from 2015 to 2023, the channel was criticized by the opposition and external observers for airing government propaganda.

On December 19, 2023, Bartłomiej Sienkiewicz, the Minister of Culture and National Heritage in Poland, dismissed the media directors and their supervisory boards, most notably those of TVP, appointing new ones in their place. The move was met with criticism and accusations of illegality by the dismissed management and the opposition Law and Justice party. Prime Minister Donald Tusk said this was done to restore legal order and decency in public life.

Paweł Moskalewicz was appointed to run it by Tusk.

Krk

Krk (; ; ) is an Adriatic island in Croatia. It is near Rijeka in the Bay of Kvarner and part of Primorje-Gorski Kotar County. Krk is together with Cres as the largest Adriatic island. It is mostly rocky.

Krk is the name of the main settlement of the island.

Krk (town)

Krk () is a town in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. It is the main settlement of the island of Krk. In 2021, 6,816 people lived there. It is on the southwest coast of the island and is the historical seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Krk.

Sérénac

Sérénac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Serviès

Serviès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sieurac

Sieurac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sorèze

Sorèze is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Soual

Soual is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Souel

Souel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Taïx

Taïx is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Tauriac, Tarn

Tauriac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Little Albert experiment

The Little Albert experiment, conducted by John B. Watson and "Rosalie Rayner" in 1920, is a landmark study in the field of behavioral psychology. This research aimed to explore the process of classical conditioning in humans, particularly in the context of emotional responses. In this article, we will delve into the key aspects of the Little Albert experiment, its methodology, findings, and its broader implications for the understanding of human behavior.

Classical conditioning is a fundamental concept in psychology that involves associating a neutral stimulus with an involuntary response. The Little Albert experiment sought to investigate whether fear could be conditioned in a young child through the pairing of a neutral stimulus with a frightening one.
Little Albert, a nine-month-old infant, was chosen as the subject for this study. Initially, the researchers exposed Albert to various stimuli, including a white rat, a rabbit, a monkey, masks, and burning newspapers. Albert displayed no fear towards these stimuli.

The conditioning phase began by presenting Albert with the white rat, and simultaneously producing a loud, startling noise by striking a steel bar with a hammer. This was done to create an association between the neutral stimulus (the white rat) and the fear-inducing stimulus (the loud noise). The pairing was repeated several times.

As a result of the conditioning, Little Albert developed a strong fear response to the white rat, as well as to other stimuli that were present during the conditioning sessions. This demonstrated the successful establishment of a conditioned emotional response in a young child.

The Little Albert experiment significantly contributed to the understanding of classical conditioning in humans, emphasizing the malleability (formability) of emotional responses through learned associations. It raised ethical concerns regarding the use of children as subjects in psychological research, prompting the development of ethical guidelines for human experimentation.

The Little Albert experiment remains a pivotal study in the history of psychology, shedding light on the mechanisms of classical conditioning and its impact on human behavior. While the study faced ethical criticism, it paved the way for future research in behavioral psychology and influenced the development of ethical standards in scientific investigations involving human subjects.

Tanus

Tanus is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Técou

Técou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Teillet

Teillet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Terssac

Terssac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Teulat

Teulat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Teyssode

Teyssode is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Tonnac

Tonnac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

D-brane

D-branes are a special and important subset of branes defined by the condition that fundamental strings can end on the D-branes. This is literally the technical definition of D-branes, and it turns out that this simple fact determines all of the properties of D-branes.

Perturbatively, fundamental strings are more fundamental than branes or any other objects. In that old-fashioned description, D-branes are "solitons"—configurations  of classical fields that arise from the closed strings. They are analogous to magnetic monopoles, which may also be written as classical configurations of the "more fundamental fields" in field theory. In a similar way, D-brane masses diverge for. Non-perturbatively, D-branes and other branes are equally fundamental as strings. In fact, when sent to infinity, some D-branes may become the lightest objects—usually strings of a dual (S-dual) theory. When we include very strongly coupled regimes (high values of the string coupling constant), there is a brane democracy.

Back to the perturbative realm. The condition that open strings can end on D-branes and nowhere else means that there exists a particular spectrum of open strings stretched between such D-branes. By quantifying these open strings, we obtain all the fields that propagate along (and in between) such D-branes. The usual methods (world sheets of all topologies, now allowing boundaries) allow us to calculate all the interactions of these modes, too.

So yes, D-branes also vibrate. But because their tension goes to infinity, you need even more energy to excite these vibrations than for strings. The quanta of these vibrations are particles identified with open strings that move along these D-branes but are stuck on them. The insight that the D-branes are dynamical and may vibrate, and the insight that they carry Ramond-Ramond charges (generalizations of the electromagnetic field one obtains from superstrings whose all RNS fermionic fields are periodic on the world sheet) were the main insights of Joe Polchinski in 1995 that made D-branes essential players and helped to drive the second superstring revolution.

Other branes typically have qualitatively similar properties as D-branes, but one must use different methods to determine these properties.

When we quantize a D-brane, we find open string states, which are scalars corresponding to the transverse positions. It follows that D-branes may be embedded into spacetime in any way. The shape oscillates according to a generalized wave equation again. Also, all D-branes carry electromagnetic fields in them. These fields are excited by the endpoints of the open strings that behave as quarks (or antiquarks). For a stack of coincident bars, the gauge group gets promoted to The electric flux inside the D-branes may be viewed as a "fuzzy" continuation of the open strings that completes them into "de facto closed strings."

Those fields have superpartners in the case of the supersymmetric D-branes, which are stable and the most important ones, of course. D-branes may collide and interact much like all other objects.

The most appropriate interaction that allows the open strings to "disconnect" from D-branes is the event in which two end points (of the opposite type, if the open strings are oriented) collide. Much like a quark and an antiquark, these two endpoints may annihilate. In this process, an open string may become a closed string, which may escape from the D-brane. The same local process of "annihilation of the endpoints" may also merge two open strings into one. Such interactions are the elementary explanations of all the interactions between the fields produced by the open strings—for example, between the transverse scalars and the electromagnetic fields within the D-brane.

Aside from that, some branes may also be open branes and end on another kind of brane. The latter brane always includes some generalized electromagnetic fields that are sourced by the endpoints, end curves, or whatever the p-1 dimensional geometry of the boundary of the former brane is.
Ahrar al-Jazeera

Ahrar al-Jaazera was a rebel group that fought in the Syrian Civil War and was important at the start of the war which resulted in the taking over of Yaroubiya in March of 2013 (with help from other rebel groups). The group also worked with anti-Kurdish groups in the Battle of Ras al-Ayn which spanned from 2012-2013. However the group was forcibly removed from power in Yaroubiya in October of 2013, after the Al-Nusra Front took power and claimed to be corrupt by Daesh and Al-Nusra.

Methodology

Methodology is a fundamental concept that plays a crucial role in various fields of study, guiding researchers and practitioners in their quest for knowledge and problem-solving. In simple terms, methodology refers to the systematic approach or set of methods used to conduct research, gather information, or achieve a specific goal.

The roots of methodology can be traced back to ancient civilizations where thinkers and scholars developed systematic ways to understand the world around them. In ancient Greece, for instance, philosophers like Aristotle laid the groundwork for logical reasoning and structured inquiry. Over time, different disciplines evolved their own methodologies, shaping the methods used in fields such as science, philosophy, and social sciences.

Methodology is the 'how' of a study – the systematic plan that outlines the steps taken to answer a question or solve a problem.

It ensures that research is conducted in an organized, unbiased, and replicable manner, promoting reliability and credibility in the findings.

Methodology typically includes research design, data collection methods, and data analysis techniques.

In the natural sciences, the scientific method is a well-known methodology. It involves making observations, forming hypotheses, conducting experiments, and analyzing results to draw conclusions.

In social sciences, survey methodology is commonly used. Researchers collect data through questionnaires or interviews to understand opinions, behaviors, or trends in a population.

Historians use a methodology that involves examining primary sources, interpreting evidence, and constructing narratives to understand and explain past events.

In various disciplines, the case study methodology is employed to investigate specific instances, providing an in-depth analysis of a particular subject or phenomenon.

Clearly articulate the problem or question you aim to address.

Select an appropriate research design, such as experimental, correlational, or descriptive.

Determine how you will gather data – through surveys, experiments, observations, or other methods.

Choose methods to analyze collected data, whether statistical analysis, content analysis, or qualitative interpretation.

Based on the analysis, draw conclusions that address your research question.

Methodology is the backbone of any study, providing a structured path for researchers to follow. From ancient philosophers to modern scientists, the importance of a systematic approach has been recognized throughout history. By understanding the basic concepts and examples of methodology, individuals can engage in more effective research, problem-solving, and knowledge acquisition in their respective fields.

Tréban

Tréban is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Trévien

Trévien is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vabre

Vabre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Valderiès

Valderiès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Valdurenque

Valdurenque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vaour

Vaour is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Veilhes

Veilhes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vénès

Vénès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Visual communication

Visual communication is the sharing of information using pictures, drawings, or symbols rather than just words. It is a method of message passing through images and it is widely used in various aspects of daily life, including books, advertisements, and digital media.

Visual communication involves the use of visual elements such as images, diagrams, charts, and symbols to convey information. Instead of relying solely on text, visual communication relies on the power of images to communicate ideas and messages effectively.

Visual communication is essential because it helps people understand information quickly and easily. Images can often convey complex ideas more efficiently than words alone, making visual communication a valuable tool in various fields, including education, marketing, and design.

Visual communication is utilized in numerous fields and industries, including:


Examples of visual communication include:


La Plata, Missouri

La Plata is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Guarabira

Guarabira is an Brazilian city in the state of Paraíba. In 2020, 59,115 people lived here and its area is 162,387 km².

Type foundry

A type foundry is a company that makes different styles of letters and symbols for writing. In the past, people used to carve these letters, known as glyphs, into metal or wood by hand. But nowadays, they use computers to design and publish various fonts. These fonts can be used in books, websites, and other places where words are written.

Creating a font involves carefully designing each letter, number, and symbol using special computer programs. Designers adjust things like size, shape, and spacing to make sure the letters look good together. Once a font is finished, it can be sold or licensed to people who need it for their projects.


Type design

Type design is the process of creating different styles of letters and symbols used in writing. These letters and symbols, known as glyphs, when grouped together, form what we call typefaces or fonts. Fonts are commonly seen in books, websites, advertisements, and various other forms of visual communication.

The history of type design stretches back many years. In ancient times, people would carve letters into materials like stone or wood. With the invention of the printing press in the 15th century, the creation of letters became easier, leading to the establishment of the first type foundries where fonts were made and sold.

Type design, a subset of graphic design, is an essential aspect of visual communication. Whether in print or digital form, the fonts we encounter shape our reading experience and contribute to the overall effectiveness of communication. Type designers use a combination of creativity and technical skill to craft fonts that are both aesthetically pleasing and functional.

Today, type designers, who are a type of graphic designers, use computer software to create fonts. Factors like the width of the strokes, spacing between letters, and presence of serifs (little lines on letters) are taken into consideration during the design process. Type design, a subset of graphic design, is an essential aspect of visual communication.

Whether in print or digital form, the fonts we encounter shape our reading experience and contribute to the overall effectiveness of communication. Type designers use a combination of creativity and technical skill to craft fonts that are both aesthetically pleasing and functional.

Throughout history, there have been many notable type designers who have made significant contributions to the field. Early pioneers like Johannes Gutenberg introduced movable type to Europe, while modern designers such as Adrian Frutiger and Jessica Hische have left their mark on contemporary type design.

Juan Manuel de Cañas

Juan Manuel de Cañas-Trujillo and Sánchez de Madrid (n. Puerto de Santa María, Spain, July 2, 1763 - possibly in León, Nicaragua, after 1830) was a Spanish soldier, interim governor of the Province of Costa Rica (1819-1820) and subordinate political leader of the Party of Costa Rica (1820-1821).

Red Star Stadium

The Rajko Mitić Stadium (), previously known as Red Star Stadium (), also known as Marakana (), is a football stadium in Belgrade, the capital city of Serbia.

Red Star Belgrade is a only club that is playing there, making it their stadium.

Ioannis Kapodistrias

Count Ioannis Kapodistrias (1776-1831) was an important political leader and diplomat from Greece in the early 1800s. He was born in Corfu when it was ruled by Venice. His family was well-known, with his father being a nobleman and artist. He started his career in politics in Corfu and later became Modern Greece's first Governor after the Greek War of Independence in 1821.

Before becoming Governor, Kapodistrias worked for Russian Empire's government and helped Greece gain independence. He was good at diplomacy and had big ideas for how to run a country. His diplomatic skills earned him admiration and recognition.

He didn't just influence Greece though. He also helped Switzerland become neutral and organized its government. His efforts in shaping the destinies of both Greece and Switzerland demonstrate his influence and legacy. The National and Kapodistrian University of Athens is named after him. Statues of Ioannis Kapodistrias can be found in Athens, Saint Petersburg and Lausanne. He was also featured on the 500 drachma banknote in recent years before Greece switched to using the euro on January 1, 2002.

However, he faced opposition during his time in office, which ultimately led to his assassination in 1831 while he was still serving as Governor in Nafplio. He is buried in his hometown of Corfu.



Polish cuisine

Polish cuisine is a style of food preparation originating in and widely popular in Poland. Due to Poland's history, Polish cuisine has evolved over the centuries. It has borrowed many other national cuisines. 

Polish cuisine is rich in meat, especially pork, chicken and game, and a wide range of vegetables, spices, fungi and mushrooms, and herbs. There are a lot of different kinds of pasta, cereals, grains and pulses. Polish cuisine makes extensive use of butter, cream, eggs, and seasoning. Traditional dishes often need a lot of preparation. Many Poles take time to serve and enjoy their festive meals, especially Christmas Eve dinner () on December 24, or Easter breakfast, both of which could take several days to prepare.

Among popular Polish national dishes are , , , (pork loin breaded cutlet), (stuffed cabbage leaves), (roulade), (sour cucumber soup), (mushroom soup), (tomato soup), (meat broth), (sour rye soup), (tripe soup), and red beetroot soup .

A traditional Polish dinner has three courses, beginning with a soup. In restaurants, soups are followed by an appetizer such as herring (prepared with either cream, oil, or in aspic), or other cured meats and chopped raw vegetable salads. The main course usually includes meat, such as a roast, breaded pork cutlet, or chicken, with a coleslaw-like (), shredded root vegetables with lemon and sugar (carrot, celeriac, cooked beetroot), sauerkraut, or salad. The side dishes are usually boiled potatoes, grain, or less commonly, rice. Meals often end with a dessert of either a fruit compote, a pastry, cream pie, mille-feuille, or cheesecake.

If a Polish culinary tradition is used in other cuisines, it is referred to as "à la polonaise", from the French, meaning 'Polish-style.' In French cuisine, this term is used for techniques like using butter instead of cooking oil; frying vegetables with buttered breadcrumbs; using minced parsley and boiled eggs (Polonaise garnish); and adding horseradish, lemon juice, or sour cream to sauces like velouté.

Course (food)

A course is a set of food items served together during a meal, all at the same time. A course may include multiple dishes including side dishes or only one, and often includes items with some variety of flavors. A hamburger served with French fries would be considered a single course and might constitute the entire meal. Larger meals might include many courses, such as a course where a soup is served by itself, a course when cordon bleu is served at the same time as a side dish of vegetables, and finally a dessert such as a pumpkin pie. Courses may vary in size as well as number depending on the culture where the meal takes place. 

When dishes are served mostly in a single course, this is known in formal terms as service à la française; when dishes are served mostly in separate courses, this is called service à la russe.

Tableware

Tableware are the dishes and cutlery used for setting a table, serving food, and dining. Tableware includes cutlery, glassware, serving dishes, serving utensils, and other items used for cooking as well as for decoration. The objects vary according to culture, religion, number of people, and cuisine. Middle Eastern, South Asian or Polynesian food culture may only use serving dishes, using bread or leaves as individual plates, and often with no cutlery. Special events may have higher quality tableware.
Cutlery is more commonly known as "silverware" or "flatware" in the United States. "Dinnerware" is another word used for tableware, another word "crockery" means ceramic tableware, porcelain or bone china. In Ireland, they are normally called "delph", the word being an English language phonetic spelling of the word "Delft", the town from which so much delftware came.

Barameda

Barameda (Indigenous Australian language: "fish trap") is an extinct genus of rhizodont from the Tournaisian of Australia.

The species:


"Barameda" had an elongated and thick body typical of Carboniferous rhizodonts, for powerful swimming and out-powering any prey larger than itself. It was covered with moderately thin, cycloidal scales.

"Barameda" was probably a benthic ambush predator, attacking other fishes and possibly early tetrapods. It used a grab-and-drag strategy, using its fangs to snag prey and either thrash them, or simply drag them down into the water.

Sincerity

Sincerity is a moral value and means being real and honest in how someone acts and talks. It's about not pretending to be someone you're not. When someone is sincere, they say and do things truthfully, and others trust them for it. Being sincere helps build good relationships because people feel they can rely on you. Sincere people are respected because they stay true to themselves and treat others with honesty and kindness.


List of New York City Subway R-type contracts

This is a list of all R-type contracts in the New York City Subway.

All passenger rolling stock made in this time period are New Technology Trains.




The Healing Process

The Healing Process is the second studio album by Despised Icon. The album was released on April 5, 2005.

Polypedates impresus

The concave-crowned tree frog or Yunnan whipping frog ("Polypedates impresus") is a frog. It lives in China, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam. People have seen it between 600 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grass on hills.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Gladiator 2

Gladiator 2 is an upcoming American-British epic historical drama movie. It is expected to be released on November 22, 2024 in North America. It is the sequel to the 2000 movie "Gladiator". It was directed by Ridley Scott. Scott also directed the original "Gladiator" movie.

Principal photography for the movie started in Ouarzazate, Morocco on June 7, 2023 and ended on January 24, 2024. Filming was delayed because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

The movie will follow Lucius Verus, the son of Lucilla. Having lived in the wilderness for around 15 years, he is now grown up and estranged from his mother. He heads to Rome to try and build a better life.


Jebel Sahaba

Jebel Sahaba, is a place or site in which evidence of past activity is preserved near the northern borders of Sudan with Egypt. It is near the Aswan High Dam, archaeologists found 61 remains of early hunter-gatherers. These included men, women, and children. Before the discovery in 1960, many experts had thought that in prehistoric times, people did not fight each other. That turned out wrong when Fred Wendorf discovered bones from the 12th millennium B.C. These contained a large number of injuries, damaged bones, and pieces of flint arrows.

Wendorf and his team discovered the prehistoric massacre site in the 1960s. Then, Isabelle Crevecoeur from the French National Center for Scientific Research discovered over 100 more signs of trauma and injuries, in 2014. The remains also show how the victims might have died. For example, young men were absent because they probably escaped or survived. The hands were damaged when they warded off blows. Some back-sided ribs had sharp cuts, maybe because they died fleeing. A pregnant woman had her hands twisted together, showing a possibility of being tied up. These medieval-like actions were very unusual and surprising for archaeologists and scientists. 

List of invasions in the 21st century

This is the military invasions to take place during the 21st century.


Eusthenopteron

Eusthenopteron is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish from the Late Devonian. Early depictions of "Eusthenopteron" show it emerging onto land; however, everyone now agrees that it is a strictly aquatic animal. Notably, it is one of the earliest sarcopterygians in which the humerus is preserved. Among the various species of this genus, the most popular is undoubtedly "E. foordi".

The species:


"Eusthenopteron" is a medium-to large-sized tristichopterid. "E. foordi" is estimated to exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in), while "E. jenkinsi" probably reached 2.1 m (6 ft 11 in). The earliest-known fossilized evidence of bone marrow has been found in "Eusthenopteron", which may be the origin of bone marrow in tetrapods.

The most notable features of "Eusthenopteron" are the pectoral and pelvic fins.‭ It had a large head with powerful jaws that could've been capable of biting prey. However, unlike the early tetrapods though, "Eusthenopteron" did not have larval gills.

Finds have been made in Europe and North America.

"Eusthenopteron foordi" is a well-known species. The other species, however, are not well-known.

"Eusthenopteron foordi" is the type species of "Eusthenopteron". It is the most famous and well-known species of "Eusthenopterus". It is also one of the most scientifically important fossil vertebrates.

"Eusthenopteron farloviensis" is another species of "Eusthenopteron". Like the other species except "E. foordi", it is not well-known.

"Eusthenopteron jenkinsi" is yet another species of "Eusthenopteron". Little is known about this species. However, it may have been up to six feet long with a torpedo-shaped body and fangs. It was probably a large species for the "Eusthenopteron".

"Eusthenopteron" probably hunted other fish by setting ambushes on the seabed, where it rested with its robust fins. Although fleshy and particularly strong, it is in fact unlikely that they could take the animal out of the water.

"Eusthenopteron" preyed on smaller fish. Its teeth were small yet sharp, and were used to nab prey as the lobe-finned fish swallowed them whole.

"Eusthenopteron" was depicted hauling itself out of a pond, much like a mudskipper. However, no scientific evidence supports this.




Type designer

A type designer, also known as typeface designer, is someone who design fonts. Fonts are the different styles of letters and numbers that we see in books, signs, advertisements and websites. Type designers create these fonts by designing common characters like punctuation marks, accents, ligatures, asterisks, quotation marks and diacritics. All these are called glyphs. They publish their creations in various file formats, accompanied with a license. for use on computers.

Type designers use their creativity and skills to make alphabets that look good and are easy to read. They think about how each letter will fit together with the others to form words and sentences. They also consider things like spacing, size and style to make sure that the font is legible and pleasing to the eye.

Type design is considered an academic discipline.To become a type designer, people often need to study graphic design, typography or graphic arts. Some type designers work as freelancers, creating fonts for their own projects or for sale to others. Others may work for companies called type foundries that specialize in creating fonts for web design and printing.

Type designers use various tecnhiques and software to create fonts. They usually start by drawing out ideas on paper. This profession plays an important role in shaping the way people communicate through written language.


1916-17 Austrian football championship

The 1916-17 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. It was the third war championship. Although there were originally four championships in the Austria-Hungary empire during the First World War only the first class of the NFV was played as a war championship. There was no relegation and promotion.

As in the previous year, Rapid Wien became champions. Rapid benefited from the fact that many of their regular players were available for almost every championship match. This was also true for Floridsdorfer AC and SC Rudolfshügel. Other teams havd to play with reinforced junior teams. 

Aspirated consonant

In phonetics, aspiration is the strong burst of breath.

In dialects with aspiration, to feel or see the difference between aspirated and unaspirated sounds, one can put a hand or a lit candle in front of one's mouth, and say spin [spɪn] and then pin [pʰɪn]. One should either feel a puff of air or see a flicker of the candle flame with pin that one does not get with spin. 

Structuralism (psychology)

Structuralism is a foundational school of thought in psychology that emerged in the late 19th century. It aimed to understand the human mind by breaking down mental processes into basic components and exploring their interrelationships. This approach marked a significant departure from earlier philosophical and 
introspective methods, laying the groundwork for the scientific study of psychology.
Structuralism gained prominence in the late 1800s, a time when psychology was transitioning from philosophy and speculation to a more empirical and scientific discipline. Wilhelm Wundt, a German psychologist, is often considered the father of structuralism. In 1879, he established the first psychology laboratory at the University of Leipzig, where he conducted experiments to explore the structure of human consciousness.

Edward B. Titchener, a British psychologist who studied under Wilhelm Wundt in Germany, played a significant role in the development of Structuralism in psychology. After returning to the United States, Titchener established the psychological school known as structuralism at Cornell University. He further advanced and popularized the structuralist approach, emphasizing the importance of introspection as a method to analyze and describe the structure of the mind. Titchener's work and teachings had a profound influence on the early development of psychology in the United States, contributing to the spread and prominence of structuralism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

1. Introspection: Central to structuralism was the use of introspection, a method in which individuals described their thoughts, feelings, and sensations in response to specific stimuli. Researchers believed that by analyzing these subjective experiences, they could uncover the fundamental elements of consciousness.

2. Elemental Components: Structuralists aimed to identify the basic elements, or "atoms," of consciousness. They believed that by breaking down mental experiences into their elemental components, they could better understand the underlying structure of the mind.

3. Mental Processes: Structuralists focused on studying various mental processes, such as perception, sensation, and memory, to discern (distinguish) the relationships between these components and how they contributed to the overall structure of consciousness.

1. Sensation and Perception: Structuralists conducted experiments to investigate how individuals perceive sensory stimuli, such as colors, shapes, and sounds. By breaking down these perceptions into their basic components, researchers sought to understand how they contributed to the overall experience of consciousness.

2. Memory: Memory was another area of interest for structuralists. They explored how memories were formed, stored, and recalled, aiming to identify the basic elements that constituted the process of remembering.

3. Language: Some structuralists extended their focus to language, analyzing its elemental components and how they combined to form meaningful thoughts and expressions. This approach paved the way for later developments in linguistics and cognitive psychology.

Despite its contributions, structuralism faced criticism for its reliance on introspection, which was considered subjective and difficult to standardize. Over time, other schools of thought, such as functionalism and behaviorism, gained prominence. However, structuralism's emphasis on breaking down mental processes laid the foundation for future psychological research and the development of more systematic methods.

In summary, structuralism in psychology was a pioneering movement that aimed to understand the human mind by dissecting mental experiences into their elemental components. Although it eventually gave way to other schools of thought, its impact on the field is undeniable, shaping the way psychologists approached the study of consciousness and laying the groundwork for the scientific methodology that defines modern psychology.

McMuffin

A McMuffin is a breakfast sandwich from McDonald's, a popular fast food chain. The main one is the Egg McMuffin, made by Herb Peterson in 1972. It looks like eggs benedict, a classic American breakfast with English muffins, ham, eggs, and hollandaise sauce. The Egg McMuffin has a cracked Grade A egg on a toasted English muffin with real butter, Canadian bacon, and American cheese.

The Egg McMuffin is a quick breakfast to eat, with 310 calories. Even though it seems simple, it actually has nearly 50 ingredients.


McPlant

The McPlant is a sandwich from McDonald's fast food chain. Its main difference from a common hamburger is that it doesn't meat. Instead, it has a patty made from plants. It was created in collaboration with "Beyond Meat", a company that makes plant-based meat. The patty is made from things like peas, rice and potatoes instead of beef or chicken. The main ingredients are onions, pickles, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise and cheese. The McPlant is an option for people who avoid eating meat or vegans.

Introspection

Introspection, a term rooted in philosophy and psychology, is the process of self-examination and reflection on one's own thoughts, emotions, and experiences. This introspective journey has a rich history, significantly impacting both philosophical and psychological discourse throughout the ages.

The roots of introspection trace back to ancient philosophical traditions, notably in Greek philosophy with thinkers like Socrates, who proclaimed that "know thyself" was the key to wisdom. However, introspection took a more systematic turn during the 19th century with the advent of introspective psychology

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, introspection became a cornerstone of psychological inquiry. Pioneered by thinkers such as Wilhelm Wundt and Edward B. Titchener, introspective psychology aimed to study conscious mental processes by having individuals reflect on their inner experiences. Participants would be asked to describe their thoughts, emotions, and sensations in response to various stimuli.

However, the method faced criticism for its subjectivity and lack of objectivity. Critics argued that personal biases and the inability to access certain mental processes made introspection unreliable as a scientific tool.

In contemporary philosophy, introspection continues to be a topic of interest. Philosophers explore the nature of self-awareness, consciousness, and the reliability of introspective knowledge. Questions surrounding the relationship between introspection and external reality remain central to debates within the philosophy of mind.

While introspective psychology declined, its influence persists in modern psychology. Contemporary approaches, such as cognitive psychology, acknowledge the importance of self-reflection in understanding mental processes. However, the emphasis has shifted towards more objective methods, including behavioral observations and neuroscientific techniques.

The dual impact of introspection on philosophy and psychology has faced challenges and undergone transformations over time. Researchers continually seek ways to integrate subjective introspective insights with objective measures to gain a more comprehensive understanding of the human mind.

Introspection, with its roots in ancient philosophy and blossoming in the history of psychology, remains a crucial aspect of understanding the human experience. While the method has evolved and faced challenges, its legacy endures, shaping ongoing discussions in philosophy and influencing modern psychological perspectives. The exploration of the inner self continues to captivate the curious minds of thinkers across disciplines, seeking to unravel the mysteries of the human psyche.

Ruald Strydom

Ruald Strydom GCOB (born 1985) is a South African entrepreneur and philanthropist. He started CEO GOLF.

In 2023, Strydom received the Order of the Baobab (Grand Counsellor of the Baobab) from the President of South Africa, Matamela Cyril Ramaphosa. This award recognized his important work as a philanthropist globally. The Order of the Baobab is a prestigious honor in South Africa. It's given to individuals who have made significant contributions to democracy and the betterment of South African lives.

Strydom went to Barberton Primary School and Barberton High School.

South African National Order; The Order of the Baobab (GCOB) (2023).

Edward B. Titchener

Edward B. Titchener (1867-1927) was a prominent figure in the field of psychology, best known for his role in developing structuralism, a school of thought that aimed to understand the basic elements of human consciousness. Born in Chichester, England, Titchener's intellectual pursuits led him to become a key figure in the early days of experimental psychology in the United States.

Titchener began his academic journey at Malvern College in England before crossing the Atlantic to further his studies at Cornell University in the United States. Under the mentorship of the renowned psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, Titchener delved into the world of experimental psychology. He later earned his doctorate at Leipzig University, solidifying his foundation in the emerging field.

In 1892, Titchener returned to Cornell as a professor, where he would leave an indelible mark on the landscape of psychology. Throughout his career, he exhibited a passion for understanding the intricacies of the human mind through systematic observation and experimentation.
Titchener's most significant contribution to psychology lies in his development and promotion of structuralism. This school of thought aimed to analyze the fundamental components of conscious experience, breaking it down into its basic elements or "structures." Titchener believed that by identifying and understanding these elements, one could comprehend the complexities of the mind.

To explore these mental structures, Titchener relied heavily on introspection, a method where individuals would reflect on their thoughts and experiences. Subjects were asked to describe their sensations, feelings, and perceptions in response to specific stimuli, allowing Titchener to build a systematic framework for understanding the mind.

Despite its influence, structuralism faced criticisms, and Titchener's reliance on introspection drew skepticism from other psychologists. The approach's subjectivity and the challenge of replicating findings limited its impact on the broader field. Titchener's death in 1927 marked the decline of structuralism, giving way to other psychological perspectives.

While structuralism may not dominate contemporary psychology, Titchener's contributions paved the way for the development of psychological theories and methodologies. His dedication to the scientific exploration of the mind continues to be recognized and studied, making Edward B. Titchener a notable figure in the history of psychology.

Center Lake Como

Centro-Lago di Como ("Center Lake Como", or "Centro Lago") constitutes a pivotal segment within the coastal “Y” region formed by the two arms of Lake Como. Spanning approximately 11 kilometers on both the eastern and western sides, from Varenna-Lierna to Olcio and from Punta Spartivento of Bellagio to Borgo di Limonta-Vassena in Oliveto Lario, it encompasses pristine white pebble beaches, golf clubs, luxury boat services, helicopter facilities, and exclusive hotels. This enclave, characterized by its distinctive “Y” shape, magnetizes celebrities, business leaders, and billionaires.

The Lake Center includes the most important and luxury area of ​​Lake Como, known for its peculiar position at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, Y-shaped with the Bellagio Center embracing the ancient villages ranging from Lierna to Sala Comacina in the South up to Menaggio and Varenna in the North. Prominent towns within this area include Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Perledo, Visgnola, Ossuccio, Tremezzina, Tremezzo.

Centro-Lago, also known as Center Lake Como, stands as one of the opulent residential districts catering to the High Net Worth Individuals (HNWI) elite, defining Lake Como’s historical and iconic center. Acknowledged as the oldest and most affluent sector of Europe, it holds the distinction of being the most opulent and expensive residential neighborhood in the region. The Como arm is a premier tourist destination. It is in the area of ​​Lake Como called Centre-Lake in the two branches on the sides of Bellagio that properties cost the most and luxury villas are unobtainable.

Tremezzo, Lierna, Varenna, Griante, Cadenabbia, Menaggio, Bellagio were the preferred locations of European nobility at the end of the century, and they are the most exclusive villages with the highest cost per square meter on Lake Como. However, there are no transactions because no one wants to sell at any price. Each property in these areas is a trophy and a global status symbol.

The Centro-Lake Como (Centro-Lago di Como) encapsulates the region between Bellagio, Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, Tramezzina, and the Comacina Island, representing the epitome of beauty and prestige throughout Lake Como. This locale has been a stronghold for European nobility for centuries, earning praise from George Clooney himself, who likened Lierna to Monte Carlo. The venerable Sigismondo Boldoni, mentor to Alessandro Manzoni, asserted that Lierna stands as the dominant center of all Lake Como.

The “Center Lake” stands out as Europe’s most exclusive villa and resort enclave. Villa prices command an impressive $390,000 per square meter, on par with the prestigious Emerald Coast in Sardinia. Remarkably, a 600-square-meter villa can fetch prices upwards of 100 million euros.

Lake Como is renowned for the promontory of Bellagio in the Center-Lake, and the most captivating view is enjoyed from the summit of Monte di Lierna. The village of Lierna is built around a rock towering over the lake, characterized by picturesque colorful houses arranged around the bay. In this enchanting setting, the lake reflects the colors of the houses, the sky, and the surrounding vegetation, while yachts, boats, and ferries contribute to creating a refined atmosphere, making Lierna an essential stop on the shores of Lake Como. 





Polypedates subansiriensis

Subansiri's tree frog ("Polypedates subansiriensis") is a frog. It lives in India.

Scientists saw this frog near a river, 1550 meters above sea level.

Mital-U

mital-U is a record label from Switzerland. It started in 1996 by Bruno Waser. Some of the artists on the label are Crazy, , The Vyllies, and mittageisen.

In 1980, Bruno Waser produced the first Swiss punk LP (Crazy). Then, he produced more records for the band Crazy and the dark-wave band mittageisen.

In 1991, Bruno released a compilation CD for Crazy. In 1994, he released an album for mittageisen called alles ist anders ... nichts hat sich geändert (everything is different ... nothing has changed).

In 1995, Bruno saw that the Internet could be good for sharing independent music. So, he started mital-U. In the following years the indie label produced records for bands like , , and The Vyllies.

mital-U also released music videos like by Grauzone (2011) and by mittageisen (2015). They're also involved in video projects about alternative music and subcultures.

mital-U works or has worked with these artists:


Butch Cassidy

Butch Cassidy was born Robert Leroy Parker on April 13, 1866, in Beaver, Utah Territory, to English immigrants Maximillian Parker and Ann Campbell Gillies. He grew up in a Mormon household, but he was not particularly religious. Cassidy was the oldest of 13 children, and his family struggled financially. He left home at a young age to work various odd jobs.

Cassidy was influenced by his grandfather, who was a pioneer and a scout, and his father, who was a rancher and a hunter. He learned how to ride, shoot, and track animals from them. He also developed a love for reading and adventure stories.

• Cassidy attended school sporadically, and often got into trouble for fighting and stealing. He ran away from home several times, and worked as a farmhand, a cowboy, a butcher, and a miner. He also traveled to different states, such as Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana, where he encountered the lawless frontier life.

• Cassidy's first brush with the law occurred in 1884, when he was arrested for stealing a saddle in Lander, Wyoming. He was acquitted by a sympathetic jury, but he decided to change his name to Butch Cassidy to avoid further trouble. He took the name Butch from his previous occupation as a butcher, and Cassidy from his friend and mentor Mike Cassidy, a notorious cattle rustler and outlaw.

• Life of Crime: Cassidy's criminal career began in his late teens when he started rustling cattle and horses. He soon formed friendships with other young outlaws and became involved in more serious crimes, such as bank and train robberies. He adopted the alias "Butch Cassidy" around this time. The Wild Bunch gang, named for their unpredictable and often violent behavior, became notorious for their daring robberies across the western United States.

• Cassidy's first major robbery occurred in 1889, when he and three other men robbed the San Miguel Valley Bank in Telluride, Colorado. They escaped with $21,000, which was a huge sum at the time. Cassidy used his share of the money to buy a ranch near Dubois, Wyoming, where he tried to live a respectable life. However, he soon returned to crime, as he found ranching boring and unprofitable.

• Cassidy met his most loyal and famous partner, Harry Longabaugh, also known as the Sundance Kid, in 1896. They became friends and joined forces to rob banks and trains. They also recruited other outlaws, such as Elzy Lay, Ben Kilpatrick, Harvey Logan, Will Carver, and George Curry, to form the Wild Bunch gang. The gang operated in several states, such as Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, South Dakota, and Nevada. They used remote hideouts, such as the Hole-in-the-Wall in Wyoming and the Robbers Roost in Utah, to plan their heists and evade the law.

• Cassidy was known for his charisma, intelligence, and leadership skills. He was also known for his sense of humor, generosity, and compassion. He avoided killing people during his robberies, and often shared his loot with the poor and the needy. He also had a code of honor, and never betrayed his friends or partners. He was respected and admired by many people, including some lawmen and journalists.

• Robberies: The Wild Bunch gang carried out numerous heists, targeting banks, trains, and even mining payroll shipments. One of their most famous robberies was the Union Pacific Overland Flyer train robbery on August 29, 1900, near Wilcox, Wyoming. The gang dynamited a railcar and made off with a significant amount of cash.

• The Wilcox train robbery was one of the most spectacular and daring robberies in the history of the West. The gang used dynamite to blow up the express car, which contained $50,000 in cash and valuables. They also exchanged gunfire with the train crew and the passengers, who tried to stop them. The gang escaped with $30,000, leaving behind $20,000 that was too heavy to carry.

• The Wilcox train robbery also triggered one of the largest manhunts in the history of the West. The Union Pacific Railroad hired the Pinkerton Detective Agency to track down and capture the robbers. The Pinkertons, led by Joe Lefors, pursued the gang across several states, using bloodhounds, telegraphs, and informants. They also offered a $10,000 reward for the capture of Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.

• The gang managed to elude the Pinkertons for several months, using disguises, aliases, and decoys. They also split up and regrouped at different locations, such as Fort Worth, Texas, and Winnemucca, Nevada, where they committed more robberies. They also sent taunting letters and photographs to the authorities, mocking their efforts to catch them.

• The Pinkerton Pursuit: The Pinkerton Detective Agency, hired by banks and railroads, pursued Butch Cassidy and his gang relentlessly. The Pinkertons were known for their aggressive tactics, and their pursuit forced Cassidy and his gang to constantly evade capture and move from place to place.

• The Pinkerton Detective Agency was founded by Allan Pinkerton in 1850, and became one of the most powerful and influential private detective agencies in the world. The Pinkertons specialized in solving crimes, protecting clients, and hunting down outlaws. They had a motto of "We Never Sleep", and a logo of an eye, symbolizing their vigilance and surveillance.

• The Pinkertons were notorious for their ruthless and violent methods, such as infiltrating gangs, setting traps, staging ambushes, and shooting to kill. They were also accused of violating civil rights, such as breaking into homes, torturing suspects, and bribing witnesses. They were feared and hated by many people, especially the outlaws and the labor unions, who saw them as agents of oppression and corruption.

• The Pinkertons pursued Butch Cassidy and his gang for more than a decade, from 1896 to 1908. They used every means possible to track them down, such as following their trails, interviewing their associates, and analyzing their handwriting. They also offered large rewards for their capture or death, and distributed wanted posters and circulars with their descriptions and photographs. They came close to catching them several times, but the gang always managed to escape or fight back.

• South America: Faced with increasing pressure from law enforcement, Cassidy, along with the Sundance Kid (Harry Longabaugh) and Ethel "Etta" Place, fled to South America in 1901. They initially settled in Argentina, where they purchased a ranch near Cholila in the Patagonia region. They attempted to live quiet lives as ranchers, but their criminal past eventually caught up with them.

• Cassidy, Sundance, and Etta left New York City on February 20, 1901, aboard the British steamer Herminius, bound for Buenos Aires, Argentina. They traveled under the aliases of James Ryan, Harry A. Place, and Mrs. Place, respectively. They arrived in Argentina on March 9, 1901, and took a train to San Antonio de los Cobres, where they bought four mules and a wagon. They then traveled south to Cholila, a remote and scenic valley in the Andes mountains.

• Cassidy, Sundance, and Etta bought a 15,000-acre ranch in Cholila, where they raised cattle and horses. They also befriended the local settlers and the native Tehuelche people, who called them "the three gringos". They lived peacefully and comfortably for four years, enjoying the natural beauty and the simple life of the Patagonia. They also made occasional trips to other towns and cities, such as Bariloche, Esquel, and Buenos Aires, where they spent some of their stolen money.

• Cassidy, Sundance, and Etta's idyllic life in Argentina came to an end in 1905, when the Pinkertons and the Argentine police discovered their whereabouts and raided their ranch. The trio managed to escape, but they had to abandon their ranch and most of their belongings. They then resumed their outlaw activities, robbing banks and trains in Argentina, Chile, and Bolivia. They also parted ways with Etta, who returned to the United States in 1907, never to see them again.

• Death: The circumstances surrounding Butch Cassidy's death remain shrouded in mystery and speculation. According to one account, Cassidy and the Sundance Kid were tracked down by a group of Bolivian soldiers after a series of robberies in Bolivia. A shootout ensued, and both Cassidy and the Sundance Kid were reportedly killed in San Vicente, Bolivia, on November 6, 1908. However, there are conflicting accounts and theories suggesting that Cassidy may have survived and returned to the United States under an assumed identity.

Master of Arts (Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin)

The title Master of Arts (MA) holds a unique significance in the academic traditions of prestigious universities such as Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin. This designation, however, differs from the conventional understanding of a postgraduate degree in many other educational institutions.

The origins of the Master of Arts title in these renowned universities trace back to 
medieval times. In the early days, scholars who completed their Bachelor of Arts degree were automatically granted the title of "Master" as a mark of scholarly achievement and competence. Over time, this tradition evolved, and the title became a symbol of academic distinction.

In Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, the Master of Arts is not typically earned through further coursework or examinations, as is common in other universities. Instead, it is often considered as a status or a recognition of the individual's standing within the academic community.

Upon completing a Bachelor of Arts, graduates from Oxford, Cambridge, or Dublin are eligible to apply for the conferment of the MA degree. The process is generally straightforward, and there are no additional academic requirements. The conferral is based on the assumption that the graduate has continued to engage in scholarly activities or has contributed significantly to their field of study since completing their bachelor's degree.

While the Master of Arts from Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin may not represent postgraduate studies in the traditional sense, it carries historical and cultural importance. It signifies a level of intellectual accomplishment and is often seen as an acknowledgment of one's commitment to the pursuit of knowledge.

Interestingly, the use of the MA title is not universal across these institutions. For instance, at Cambridge, the MA is conferred automatically, and graduates are entitled to use the title without any formalities. In contrast, at Oxford and Dublin, individuals need to apply for the MA, and there may be associated fees.

In conclusion, the Master of Arts from Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin represents a distinctive aspect of academic tradition, reflecting centuries-old practices. It is a title that goes beyond the conventional structure of postgraduate degrees, embodying a historical connection to the roots of higher education.

Moroccans

Moroccans () are the citizens and nationals of the Kingdom of Morocco. The country's population is predominantly composed of Amazigh (who are the indigenous people of North Africa), and Arabs, who arrived in Morocco in the 7th century during the Islamic conquests. Notable Berber tribes in Morocco include the "Baranis" and the "Masmuda", while Arab tribes include the "Banu Ma'qil" and the "Rahamna".

Moroccans speak Berber varieties which make 26% of the population of Morocco, either as a first language or bilingually with Arabic. Three different Berber dialects are spoken: Tarifit, spoken by 1.27 million mostly in the Rif mountains, Shilha, spoken by 3 to 4.5 million mostly in the Anti-Atlas mountains, and Central Atlas Tamazight, spoken by 2.3 million mostly in the Middle Atlas. Hassaniya Arabic is spoken in the southern part of the country, spoken by over 200,000 people. 

Almost all Moroccans follow the religion of Islam. According to "WorldAtlas", 30% of Moroccans are non-denominational Muslims, while two-thirds belong to the Sunni denomination. Other minority religions include Christianity, Judaism and Bahá'ísm.

Culturally, Moroccans practice the folklore equestrian tradition of tbourida.

Amerika Samoa

Amerika Samoa is the regional anthem of American Samoa.

TRT World

TRT World is a Turkish news channel in English language that operates 24/7 and is ran by TRT and is broadcasted from Ulus, Ankara. The channel provides worldwide news coverage which mainly focuses on Turkey, West Asia, South Asia, Europe, and Africa. The channel also has broadcasting centres in London and Washington, D.C. The channel is a member of the Association for International Broadcasting.

Australian Science and Mathematics School

The Australian Science and Mathematics School (ASMS) is a mixed-gender public high school for grades 10-12, located at Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia. It's open to students from anywhere, including overseas. The school focuses on getting students ready for university, especially in science and math, and uses a unique teaching approach that encourages students to love learning and manage their own education.

The Australian Science and Mathematics School (ASMS) is a public, coeducational high school for students in grades 10-12, located at Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia. Open to students from all over, including internationally, it aims to prepare them for university, focusing on science and math. The school promotes self-directed learning and a passion for education among both students and teachers.

Opened in 2003, ASMS has around 380 students and doesn't enforce a uniform policy to encourage cultural and social diversity. It benefits from a strong partnership with Flinders University, sharing many facilities and resources like the library and cafeteria. The school also collaborates on research projects through the Science and Technology Enterprise Partnership (STEP).

ASMS specializes in science and mathematics but provides a broad curriculum that meets the South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE) requirements. It features interdisciplinary studies for younger students and standard subjects for Year 12. Notably, the school organizes a "Field Trip Week" for practical learning experiences.

For Year 10 and 11 students, ASMS offers the Passion Project (previously called Adventure Space), allowing them to explore areas such as dance, robotics, and paleontology. These projects, while not graded, offer students a chance to delve into personal interests and engage with the university environment.
Jesus, Take the Wheel

"Jesus, Take the Wheel" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Jesus, Take the Wheel" was directed by Roman White.

It premiered on CMT on November 24, 2005.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for two consecutive weeks in March 2006.

Juan Gregorio de las Heras

Juan Gualberto Gregorio de Las Heras (Buenos Aires, July 11, 1780-Santiago de Chile; February 6, 1866), an Argentine soldier, was a member of the Andes Army that participated in the wars of independence of Chile and Peru from the Spanish royalists and was governor of the Province of Buenos Aires. Later he led groups that opposed Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas in his exile in Chile.

Rustlers' Rhapsody

Rustlers' Rhapsody is a 1985 American western comedy movie directed by Hugh Wilson. It stars Tom Berenger, G.W. Bailey, Marilu Henner, Andy Griffin, Fernando Rey, Sela Ward, Patrick Wayne, Jim Carter, Paul Maxwell and Christopher Malcolm. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was a box office failure.

Temporary Home

"Temporary Home" is a 2009 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the second single from her third studio album "Play On". It went to number 41 in the United States and number 65 in Canada. It also went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011.

Red Lenses

"Red Lenses" is a 1984 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the seventh track from their 10th studio album "Grace Under Pressure". In the album's liner notes and lyrics are in lower case only.

1920 Revolution Brigades

The 1920 Revolution Brigades were a Sunni militant group in the country of Iraq mainly made up of members of the former members of the Iraqi army from the rule of Saddam Husayn (r.a). The group was established by former members of the Iraqi army in 2003 at the start of the invasion of Iraq by US forces. The group used explosives and attacked members of the United States Armed Forces and Kata'ib Hezbollah (l.a) The group was named after the Iraqi Revolt of 1920.

On March of 2007, somem mebers of the brigades broke off the group to create Hamas of Iraq. In a speech issued on the 18th of March 2007, the 1920 Revolution Brigades announced that it had split into two seperate brigades "Islamic Conquest" and "Islamic Jihad". Islamic Jihad renamed itself as the Twentieth Revolution Brigades while Islamic Conquest renamed itself Hamas of Iraq.

Niagara Falls (Chicago song)

"Niagara Falls" is a 1987 song by Chicago. It was the fourth single from their 15th studio album "Chicago 18" and only made number 91 in the United States.

Jenadriyah

Jenadriyah, also known as the National Heritage and Culture Festival or Al-Janadriyah Festival (Arabic: مهرجان الجنادرية, romanized: Maharajān al-Janādrīyah) is a cultural heritage festival in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Cultural heritage festival is a celebration where people come together to show and celebrate their History and action or way of behaving that is common among them. It has been celebrated in Saudi Arabia since the year 1985.

Most of the times, it takes place in February or March during the Spring season. The festival is then celebrated for around 14 days (two weeks). People from both inside and outside Saudi Arabia come to see the festival. For 34 years, the "Ministry of the National Guard" organized the festival, but in July 2019, the duty was given to the "Ministry of Culture". The festival shows a lot of things related to Saudi Arabia. A village is shown with old items, ornaments that people wear, for example rings, bracelets, and necklaces and tools used by Saudi people over fifty years ago as well as works of art. Each year, a different country is invited as a special guest. They are called the 'Guest of Honor'. Saudi Ministry of Culture invites them to see the festival's celebration. This also helps to make good relations with that country. The festival shows Saudi Arabia's culture and history. A large number of people from other countries or places come to see this. It becomes a place to make people learn about the country's old days and its people's way of life and to also increase Tourism. With its different types of activities and tourist attraction, the festival has become an important event for promoting cultural exchange and understanding among nations.

The first National Heritage and Culture Festival began on March 24, 1985, and was open until April 3, 1985. The main goal of the festival was to promote interest in Saudi heritage "(something that is handed down from generation to generation)", save it, and educate people about it. The festival showed different activities that showed the local environment, including old houses, markets, and old sets of tools from different regions of Saudi Arabia. Over half a million visitors came to saw the festival at the village which later became known as Al-Jenadriyah Village and the festival later became known as Al-Jenadriyah Festival.

During the Sixth Jenadriyah Festival, there were poetry readings and meetings for discussion and training where people who write poetry took part. Around 290,000 people visited the book fair, and there were also theater performances that showed Saudi society's heritage. People enjoyed watching these traditional performances by folk groups from different places of Saudi Arabia. Additionally, sports events like horse racing, wheelchair race for disabled people and a camel racing competition was also started. Visitors also saw traditional Saudi activities like using a treadmill and pressing sesame plant which was done by rotating the camel around the juicer.

The Jenadriyah Festival is celebrated once in a year but in 2018 on the order of King Salman bin AbdulAziz the festival was conducted two times, first time in February and second time in December. India was the "Guest of Honor" in February while Indonesia was the "Guest of Honor" in December.

The festival opens with an opening ceremony "(held in celebration of the start of something)"; it then proceeds with various events, including: 


Happy New Year (song)

"Happy New Year" is a 1980 song by ABBA and was taken from their seventh studio album "Super Trooper". It originally had a very limited release as a single in December. A Spanish-language version was released under the title "Felicidad" and went to the top 5 in Argentina and Uruguay. It was covered by the A-Teens. The English-language version was released in late 1999 for the new millennium and went to number 27 in Sweden, number 15 in the Netherlands, number 20 in Norway and number 75 in Germany.

West Midlands Combined Authority

The West Midlands Combined Authority (WMCA) is a combined authority for the West Midlands metropolitan county in the United Kingdom. It was established by statutory instrument under the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009. It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration. The authority formally came into being on 17 June 2016.

There are seven indirectly elected members, who are councillors from the seven West Midlands county local authorities, as well as the Mayor of the West Midlands, who is directly elected by the county's residents.

There are also ten local authorities from outside the West Midlands county who have fewer rights

Mayor of the West Midlands

The Mayor of the West Midlands is a directly elected political post who chairs the West Midlands Combined Authority..

The first election was on Thursday 4 May 2017. Andy Street, the first Mayor, was originally due to hold office for three years, with the second election for the post taking place in May 2020. That was delayed for a year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, so his term was extended by a year. The second term length was reduced to three years between 2021 and 2024. The Mayor's term of office will return to four years from 2024 thereafter.

Leipzig University

Leipzig University, Leipzig, Germany, is a renowned institution with a rich history and noteworthy contributions to education and knowledge. Established in 1409, it is one of the oldest universities in the world.

Leipzig University is located in the city of Leipzig, which is in the eastern part of Germany. Leipzig is known for its cultural heritage and historical significance, providing an inspiring backdrop for academic pursuits.

Founded more than 600 years ago, Leipzig University has played a pivotal role in shaping the intellectual landscape. It has weathered the passage of time, witnessing pivotal moments in history. The university has been a hub for learning, attracting scholars and thinkers from different parts of the world.

The university was designed based on the University of Prague, as German-speaking faculty members moved to Leipzig after the Jan Hus crisis and the "Decree of Kutná Hora". The Alma mater Lipsiensis started in 1409, officially approved by Pope Alexander V in his Bull of Acknowledgment on September 9 of that year. Its first leader was "Johannes Otto von Münsterberg". The "Paulinerkirche, Leipzig's church", served as the university church from the beginning. After the Reformation, the church and monastery buildings were given to the university in 1544. To ensure funding, the university received control over nine villages east of Leipzig (called university villages), maintaining this status for about 400 years until land reforms in the 19th century.

Like many European universities, the University of Leipzig had different colleges responsible for housing and teaching. These included the Small College, the Large College, the "Red College" (also known as the New College), the College of Our Lady, and the Pauliner College. There were also private living spaces called "bursaries." The colleges had authority over their members, but this structure was later abandoned, and only the names remain today.

In the early centuries, the university grew slowly and served mostly the local region. However, in the 19th century, it became a top-tier institution for education and research globally. At the end of the 19th century, influential scholars like "Bernhard Windscheid" (a key figure in the German Civil Code) and Wilhelm Ostwald (considered a pioneer in modern physical chemistry) taught at Leipzig.
Leipzig University was among the first German universities to admit women as "guest students." In 1873, the "Allgemeiner Deutscher Frauenverein" thanked the University of Leipzig and Prague for allowing women as guest students. That same year, "Johanna von Evreinov" became the first woman in Germany to obtain her JD.

During the decline and dissolution of the Ottoman Empire in the 19th and early 20th centuries, Leipzig University, along with other German universities, became a hub for education for state administrations and elites of newly independent Balkan states (Romania, Greece, Bulgaria, and Serbia). The university educated over 5,500 students from the region between 1859 and 1909.
Until the beginning of the Second World War, Leipzig University attracted renowned scholars and future Nobel Prize laureates such as Paul Ehrlich, Felix Bloch, Werner Heisenberg, and Sin-Itiro Tomonaga. Many alumni of the university went on to become influential scientists.

The university's campus encompasses a series of buildings where students engage in various academic activities. Libraries, lecture halls, and research facilities are spread across the campus, creating an environment conducive to learning and exploration.

Leipzig University has had some really important and smart people associated with it. These individuals made a big impact in different areas like thinking, science, and writing. Their work continues to be remembered, adding to the university's reputation for being excellent.

Some famous folks who were a part of Leipzig University include Angela Merkel, "Pamella Laranjeira", Gottfried Wilhelm von Leibniz, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, and more. These people did important things in politics, science, and art, showing the diverse talents that the university has nurtured.

Leipzig University is also linked to ten Nobel Prize winners. Recently, in 2022, Svante Pääbo won the Nobel Prize for Medicine. This means that individuals from Leipzig University have done some really amazing things and have been recognized with big awards. It shows how the university has been a home to outstanding people who achieve great things.

The university offers a diverse range of academic programs, covering fields such as science, arts, humanities, and more. Professors, experts in their respective fields, guide students through their academic journey, fostering an environment of intellectual growth and discovery.

Over the years, Leipzig University has gained international recognition for its commitment to education and research. Students from different parts of the world choose Leipzig University for its academic reputation and the opportunity to engage with a global community of scholars.

In summary, Leipzig University, established in 1409, stands as a venerable institution with a storied history. Located in Leipzig, Germany, it has been a center of intellectual exploration, producing notable figures and contributing significantly to various fields of study. The university's enduring legacy and global recognition make it a distinguished place of higher learning.

Tristichopteridae

Tristichopteridae is a family of tetrapodomorphs from the Middle and Late Devonian. Some of them share some of the features of the elpistostegalians. The most well-known is probably "Eusthenopteron".

A classic notion is that "Eusthenopteron" was able to crawl onto land using its fins. However, no evidence believes this and is believed by many to be false.

These fish were large, and some species could exceed three meters. The smallest forms ("Tristichopterus") attained lengths of 30 cm, and the largest forms ("Hyneria") could grow several meters long.

The pelvis had long, tapering pubic branches that met in a cartilaginous symphysis. The ventral fins contained the femur, tibia, and fibula. The lobed pectoral fins were usually robust. Tristichopterids had large, flat heads with sharp teeth.


Here is a gallery of a few members of the Tristichopteridae:


American Hegemony

American Hegemony is about the influence the United States has on the world. This includes politics, money, culture, and the military. After World War II, the United States became the strongest country. This influence continues today. It has a strong influence on countries in Europe but also on countries in Africa and Asia.

Before World War II America was Isolationist, meaning it didnt want to work with other countries. This was something George Washington wanted. Starting at the beginning of the 20th century its influnce grew with movies and music. It also had a very important role in World War I, which led to a lot of discussion within America.

After World War II, the United States became very strong. It had a good economy. When the Marshall Plan started in 1948, America helped rebuild Europe. This started America's close relationship with Europe. Because of all this, other countries became dependent on the United States and followed its lead. It was a founding member of the UN, an organization made to make countries work together.

During the Cold War, the United States and the Soviet Union were the two big powers. The US wanted to stop the spread of communism, so it formed alliances like NATO and gave aid to other countries. This made the U.S. very influential, and it played a big role in global politics.

When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, the United States became the only superpower. This made the world unipolar (one central power), with the U.S. as the main leader. The US shaped international institutions, made economic rules, and sometimes used its military in .

The U.S. dollar is the main currency used around the world. This makes the U.S. very powerful economically. Organizations like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are also influenced by the U.S. This helps the U.S. set global economic policies and make trade agreements that help its interests (what the US wants).

American culture, like movies, music, and technology, is spread all over the world. Hollywood movies are famous everywhere. American tech companies, social media, and fashion also have a big impact.

Even though American power has brought good things, some people criticize it. They say the U.S. sometimes acts like an empire, putting its interests before others. Military interventions and the idea that America is special have made some countries upset.

China has been growing economically a lot since the 20th century. Some people think that China will overtake America on the World Stage.

Hyneria

Hyneria is an extinct genus of big lobe-finned fish that lived in the late Devonian. The genus name comes from the village of Hyner, Pennsylvania, which is near where the first specimen was found. "Hyneria" would've been as long as around 2 to 4 meters in length, and would've weighed around 2 tons. It swam in rivers.


Antena Stars

Antena Stars is a Romanian television channel. It started broadcasting on 9 April 2007 and it is a part of the Intact group, owned by the family of the Romanian businessman and politician Dan Voiculescu.

On 16 December 2013, at 19:02 EET, the television station changed its name from Antena 2 to Antena Stars.


Antena 3 CNN

Antena 3 Cable News Network, known as Antena 3 CNN, formerly Antena 3 (), is a Romanian news channel owned by Antena 3 S.A. and part of the Intact Media Group. it focuses on news programmes and current events, mainly with political and economic topics. It was launched on June 27, 2005 as the third Romanian 24-hour news channel, after Realitatea TV being the first television channel launched in 2001 and N24 being the second television channel launched in 2004, which was later transformed into a generalist television channel in 2010.


Happy Channel (Romanian TV channel)

Happy Channel is a television channel, which is based in Bucharest, Romania. Launched on 15 January 2006, it is a part of the Intact group, formerly owned by the businessman and politician Dan Voiculescu.


ZU TV

ZU TV is a Romanian music television channel, owned by Intact Media Group, the largest Romanian media group.

ZU TV was launched on July 1, 2013 online as ZU Channel broadcasting non-stop music. From April 3, 2014, the channel launched on TV under its current name, replacing GSP TV.

In November 2022, ZU TV changed its format, from a general channel to a music channel.


Acasă Gold

Acasă Gold is a sister network of Acasă that focuses on classic archive programs, it was launched in April 15, 2012.


Turkana County

Turkana County is a Kenyan County found in the Northwestern part of the nation. Its surface area is about 77,000 square kilometers, or 29729 square miles. It's population is about 1,000,000. It has an average of 13 people per square km. This makes it the largest county in Kenya. Some of the largest cities found here are Lodwar, Kakuma, Lokichogio, and Lokichar. 

In most ways, the Turkanan economy depends on farming 'sorghum'. Sorghum is some kind of food, almost like wild, native cereal. Other important businesses include livestock, crop farming, fishing, weaving, and tourism. 

In prehistoric times, huntergathers from Sudan decided to live by Lake Turkana. (Those huntergathers came from Ethiopia. The first humans came from that country). They found it just east of what is now Turkana. Some battles using simple fighting tools took place there. These are such as clubs and arrows. One important battle is the second known battle in the world, Nataruk. These fights were mostly fought over natural resources near Lake Turkana. And ever since then, as communities and geopolitics of today's world shapes the way of living there. 

Nature tours are maybe the best things to do in Turkana County. Here's a list of places that takes a large part in the touring industry in Turkana. <gallery caption="Gallery of Popular Places in Lake Turkana <ref&gt;</ref&gt;">
File:Lake Turkana Central Island.jpg|Lake Turkana 
File:Great Rift Valley (53285644294).jpg|Great Rift Valley 
File:View Of Lake Turkana From Eliye Springs Hotel Resort.JPG|Eliye Springs 
File:Oudsberg omgeving.jpg|Mount Kulal 
File:Flamingo in elementaita.jpg|Lake Elementeita 
File:WV banner Sibiloi Natoinal Park National Museums of Kenya hq.jpg|Sibiloi National Park 
File:LakeTurkanaSouthIsland.jpg|South Island National Park 
</gallery>

Norman Spencer

Norman Leslie Spencer (born 13 August 1914) is an English director, actor, production manager, producer, and writer. With a career spanning over eight decades, he is best known for his collaborations with director David Lean during the 1940s and 50s.

Spencer turned 100 on 13 August 2014. He is the oldest living actor, filmmaker or entertainer and is amongst the oldest living notable centenarians.

Norman Leslie Spencer was born in Lambeth, London, England on 13 August 1914. He is an only child. His mother's maiden name was Privett. He grew up in Billericay, Essex.

Spencer made his career debut on 17 July 1935, as a director on the American Western film, "Rainbow's End".

Spencer continued his career, initially, as an extra, following his debut.

Spencer made his crew debut on 21 June 1936, as clapper loader on the thriller film "Midnight at Madame Tussaud's". This role was uncredited.

Spencer made his debut as an actor on 1 June 1937, with the uncredited role of Man in the historical drama film "Knight Without Armour". He made his second and final appearance as an actor with the uncredited role of Athlete in the comedy-drama film "A Yank at Oxford" (1938). 

Spencer first met director David Lean while he was a gofer at Denham Studios and Lean had been an editor. His first job on a Lean film was as assistant director on Lean's debut as a director, "In Which We Serve" (1942). He became Lean's production manager after joining Cineguild Productions in 1944 and went on to work on Lean's adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel "Great Expectations" (1946). He co-scripted and co-produced Lean's film adaptation of the Harold Brighouse play "Hobson's Choice" (1954). Lean's first casting suggestion for the lead role was the Welsh-born stage and film actor Roger Livesey, but he convinced him to cast the British-American actor Charles Laughton instead, later explaining: "Laughton was a Yorkshireman and he would be playing a Lancastrian, so you'd get regional accuracy, more or less, with international casting. And I thought it needed that size of character." He collaborated with Lean on a re-write of the script for the epic war film "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957) leading up to the film's production, after Lean was unhappy with the one the American screenwriter and film producer Carl Foreman had written. Foreman was later asked to re-write the script by the American film producer Sam Spiegel. He worked with Lean on the Moroccan shoot for the epic biographical adventure drama film "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962), although his work was uncredited.

Spencer made his debut as a film producer on the romantic drama film "The Passionate Friends" on 26 January 1949. His final work as a producer was on four episodes of the drama series "The English Programme" in 1994. He also co-wrote his final project as a producer.

Spencer made his debut as a writer on 19 April 1954, when he co-wrote the romantic comedy film "Hobson's Choice".

Spencer, Lean and Wynyard Brown, a dramatist, playwright and screenwriter, were nominated for "Best British Screenplay" - amongst the five nominations "Hobson's Choice" recieved - at the 8th British Academy Film Awards (BAFTA) on 10 March 1955. Although the trio lost in their category, Lean's adaptation of the play won "Best British Film". The film was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 11 November 1982, 27 years after it's debut, and repeated on BBC One on 31 December 1986 and again on 22 May 1988.

Spencer attended a special screening of Lean's adaptation of the novel "Great Expectations" at Wolverton Hall, Norfolk in July 2013.

Spencer has worked on various other projects, including; as producer on the American action film "Vanishing Point" (1971), and as co-producer on the epic apartheid drama film "Cry Freedom" (1987), directed and produced by Richard Attenborough.

Spencer has appeared as himself on various projects, including; "The Making of 'The Bridge on the River Kwai'", "The Making of 'Lawrence of Arabia'", "A Profile of 'Oliver Twist'", and "A Profile of 'In Which We Serve"' (2000). He also appeared in the documentary film "David Lean and His Dedicated Maniacs" (2009).

Spencer made his final television appearance on 11 February 2016, at the age of 101, as himself in the biographical history documentary film "Leslie Howard: The Man Who Gave a Damn".

Spencer married Barbara Lillian Ethel Sheppard (1922–2005) in Marylebone, London in April 1943. They had two daughters; Susan L Spencer (born 1944) and Sally Jane Spencer (born 1948). The couple later separated and were divorced prior to Sheppard's second marriage in April 1947. He has four grandchildren.

Spencer has resided in Denham, Buckinghamshire since 2003. He resided in Hampstead, London in 1939.

Spencer celebrated his 100th birthday in 2014.

Gina Prince-Bythewood

Gina Maria Prince-Bythewood (born June 10, 1969 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American movie director and a screenwriter. Prince-Bythewood started her career as a writer for several television series. These include "CBS Schoolbreak Special". For that she was nominated with two Daytime Emmy Awards.

Prince-Bythewood directed the movie "Love & Basketball" for which she received an Independent Spirit Award. She also directed the comic book movie "The Old Guard" from 2020.

Artful Dodger (character)

Jack Dawkins also known as The Artful Dodger is a fictional character from Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.

The Artful Dodger is the best pickpocket that Fagin ever taught. He convinces Oliver Twist to come live with Fagin and later runs away when Oliver is caught by the police. When Fagin finds out about this and gets angry, Dodger takes out a knife but Fagin grabs it out of Dodger’s hand and beats Dodger up though he stops when Bill Sikes comes. Dodger is later arrested for petty theft and sent away to Australia.

Manuel de Heras

Manuel María Martín de Heras Soto y Daudeville (Mexico City, November 12, 1780 – July 13, 1837), was heir to the noble title of Count of Casa de Heras Soto, commander of the Order of Isabel the Catholic, corregidor, mayor, and lieutenant colonel; He signed the Act of Independence and was a member of the Congressional Regency during the first Empire, headed by Agustín de Iturbide.

Fagin

Fagin is a fictional character created by Charles Dickens for his book Oliver Twist. Fagin is based on Ikey Solomon.

When Oliver Twist runs away, The Artful Dodger tells him that he someone who won’t make him pay any money because Dodger knows him. The person turns out to be a Jew named Fagin who is a greedy person. Fagin teaches the kids to steal but Oliver doesn’t know this until he sees The Artful Dodger and Charley Bates steal and then run away. Fagin beats up The Artful Dodger since he’s afraid that Oliver will tell the police about him.

Fagin then sends his sidekick Bill Sikes and Bill’s prostitute girlfriend Nancy to kidnap Oliver. Fagin tries to beat up Oliver but Nancy stops him. Fagin tells Oliver that if he tells the police about Fagin’s crimes then Fagin will have him killed. 

It later turns out that a man named Monks hired Fagin to make Oliver a thief before Oliver turns twelve but not kill him so after Oliver escapes, Fagin plans to kidnap him. When Fagin finds out from a child spy named Noah Claypole that Nancy wants to rescue Oliver, Fagin tricks Sikes into thinking Nancy has talked to the police about him so Sikes gets angry and kills her. 

When Monks finds out about the murder, he panics and tells the police everything so they arrest Fagin. When Oliver visits Fagin in jail, Fagin is scared and begs Oliver to help him escape. Fagin is later hanged. 

Because Fagin is Jewish and a villain, Charles Dickens was sometimes said to be Anti-Semitic. Dickens said that he only made Fagin Jewish because Ikey Solomon was Jewish and he felt guilty enough about Fagin that he later wrote another book called Our Mutual Friend with a Jewish character called Ridah who is a good guy and complains about Anti-Semitism. 

Ilmari

Ilmari is a Finnish (first name or) given name, for males. It is a short form of Ilmarinen, a mythological smith in the Kalevala. 


Bernardino Rivadavia

Bernardino de la Trinidad González Rivadavia (May 20, 1780 – September 2, 1845) was the first President of Argentina, then called the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, from February 8, 1826 to June 27, 1827. He was born in Buenos Aires on May 20, 1780. Rivadavia resigned and was succeeded by Vicente López y Planes.

Bridgetown, Virginia

Bridgetown is an unincorporated community in Northampton County, Virginia, United States.

Hungars Church, Vaucluse, Westerhouse House, Winona, and Chatham are places in the city. They are all listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Polypedates assamensis

The Assam whipping frog ("Polypedates assamensis") is a frog. It lives in India. People have seen it between 100 and 585 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests. People have seen it on smaller woody plants near pools. The tadpoles swim in the pools.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

2024 United Nations Biodiversity Conference

The 2024 United Nations Biodiversity Conference (COP16) is a conference that is planned to be held in 2024. "COP" means conference of parties; Earlier there was a "COP15"; It was the 15th conference of its kind.

Background: There was an earlier conference where a monitoring framework was agreed upon. That framework should allow the progress of the countries towards national goals and targets under the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework to be evaluated.

On 11 December 2023, Colombia, through its Minister of Environment and Sustainable Development Susana Muhamad, officially offered to host the event from 21 October to 1 November 2024.

In February 2024, Cali said it will hold the biodiversity conference.
The UNCBD notified Parties on 31 July 2023 "Turkeys’ decision to withdraw from hosting and presiding over the sixteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity because of the three destructive earthquakes that occurred in February 2023".

University of Dublin

The University of Dublin is a well-known institution located in the capital city of Ireland, Dublin. Established in the early 16th century, it holds a significant place in the history of education and has played a crucial role in shaping the academic landscape of Ireland.

The University of Dublin is situated in the heart of Dublin, the capital and largest city of Ireland. Its main campus is in the historic area of Trinity College Dublin, providing a picturesque setting for students to pursue their studies.

Founded in 1592 by Queen Elizabeth I, the University of Dublin has a rich and storied history. It was established with the vision of providing quality education to the people of Ireland and beyond. The university's founding charter emphasizes the pursuit of knowledge, fostering a spirit of inquiry, and contributing to the intellectual and cultural development of society.

Throughout its long history, the University of Dublin has witnessed and been a part of several significant events. One notable period is the "Irish Renaissance" in the late 19th and early 20th centuries when the university played a central role in the cultural revival of Ireland. This era saw the emergence of renowned literary figures such as W.B. Yeats, Samuel Beckett, and James Joyce, who were associated with the university.

The University of Dublin has been home to many distinguished individuals who have made significant contributions to various fields. Notable alumni include famous writers like Jonathan Swift, author of "Gulliver's Travels," and Bram Stoker, the creator of "Dracula." In the field of science, Ernest Walton, a Nobel laureate in physics, conducted groundbreaking research at the university.

Today, the University of Dublin continues to uphold its commitment to academic excellence and research. It offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs across various disciplines, attracting students from around the world. The university's commitment to innovation and research has contributed to advancements in science, literature, and technology.

The University of Dublin stands as a beacon of learning with a rich history that spans centuries. From its establishment in the 16th century to its current position as a global center for education and research, the university has played a vital role in shaping the intellectual and cultural landscape of Ireland. Its enduring commitment to knowledge and excellence ensures that it remains a respected institution in the world of academia.

Questions 67 and 68

"Questions 67 and 68" is a 1969 debut single by Chicago. It was taken from their debut studio album "Chicago Transit Authority". It went to number 71 in the United States, number 79 in France, number 54 in Canada and went to number 24 in the United States when it was re-released in 1971.

Cry Pretty (song)

"Cry Baby" is a 2018 song by country singer Carrie Underwood and is the title track to her sixth studio album "Cry Pretty". It went to number 48 in the United States, number 75 in Scotland and number 83 in Canada. It also went to number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 8 on the Canadian Country songs chart.

Cry Pretty

Cry Pretty is the sixth studio album by country artist Carrie Underwood. It was released on September 14, 2018 through Capitol Nashville. It went to number 1 in the United States and Canada, number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Scotland, number 32 in New Zealand, number 4 in Australia, number 40 in Ireland, number 46 in the Netherlands and number 36 in Switzerland.

Track listing and credits adapted from "Rolling Stone" and the iTunes Store. All songs produced by Carrie Underwood and David Garcia, except "The Champion", produced by Jim Jonsin.

Lower Austrian Football Association

The Lower Austrian Football Association (Germanː NÖFV-Niederösterreichische Fußballverband) is the leading body of football in the federal state of Lower Austria.
On 16 May 1911, the association was founded as the Lower Austrian Football Association (NFV). Also the Viennese clubs belonged zo the association because Vienna was a part of Lower Austria. The first championship started in September 1911, with eleven Viennese clubs taking part. SC Rapid became the first champions. The championship already had mandatory kick-off times and there were relegation games between the first and second tiers. 

After the First World war and the end of the monarchy Vienna remained the capital of Lower Austria. After lengthy discussions, the “Separation Act” was passed at the end of 1921 and Vienna became its own federal state on 1January 1922. This was also important for the Association. On 15 February 1923 it was divided into the Vienna Football Association and the Lower Austrian Football Association.


In the youth sector there are championships for U7 to U18 teams.

The Lower Austrian Football Association also organizes a cup competition. There is no cup competition for women in Lower Austria.
Men
Women

Blackjack County Chain

"Blackjack County Chain" is a 1967 song written by Red Lane. It was recorded by Willie Nelson after it was rejected by Charley Pride. It went to number 21 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts.

Beer for My Horses

"Beer for My Horses" is a 2003 song by singers Toby Keith and Willie Nelson. It was taken from Keith's seventh studio album "Unleashed". It went to number 22 in the United States and topped the country singles chart. It was adapted into a movie in 2008.

Damn Strait

"Damn Strait" is a 2021 song by country singer Scotty McCreery and is the second single from his fifth studio album "Same Truck". It went to number 32 in the United States and number 56 in Canada. It also went to number 6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 2 on the Canadian Country charts. It pays tribute to country singer George Strait.

Peter Arshinov

Peter Arshinov (1887–1937) was a Russian anarchist and historian. 

Peter Arshinov was born in 1887. He was from a working class Russian family. During the Russian Revolution of 1905, Arshinov joined the Bolsheviks and published their newspaper. He then moved to Ukraine and became an anarchist. He carried out terrorist attacks, including bombings and assassinations. He was arrested and imprisoned in Moscow. In prison, he met the Ukrainian anarchist Nestor Makhno and became his teacher.

After the 1917 Revolution, Arshinov and Makhno were released from prison. Makhno returned to Ukraine, while Arshinov stayed in Moscow. When Makhno's Insurgent Army beat the Central Powers, Arshinov went to Ukraine and joined Makhno. Arshinov established the Nabat, a Ukrainian anarchist organisation. Arshinov also edited the Makhnovshchina's newspaper "The Road to Freedom".

Arshinov witnessed the Insurgent Army's conflict with both the Red and White armies. In 1921, he went into exile in Berlin. There he wrote his "History of the Makhnovist Movement". In 1925, he moved to Paris and established the magazine "Delo Truda". He co-wrote the "Organisational Platform of the General Union of Anarchists", which called for anarchists to be more organised. The "Platform" was controversial and Arshinov was accused of authoritarianism. In the 1930s, Arshinov left the anarchist movement and became a communist. He moved to the Soviet Union, where he was killed in the Great Purge.


Gold-digging ant

The gold-digging ant is a mythical insect from the Baltistan region of northeastern Pakistan. It is mentioned in old stories like the Greek historian, Herodotus' book "Histories". According to these tales, these ants were big like dogs or foxes and had fur. They would dig into the ground to find gold.

In Herodotus' writings, he talks about these furry "ants" that were as big as foxes. They lived in a sandy desert in the far eastern part of the Persian Empire (modern-day Pakistan), where the sand had tiny pieces of gold. When these giant ants dug their tunnels, they would sometimes bring up the gold dust, which the people there would then collect.

The first mention of these legendary insects was in the 5th century BC. In his book Histories, Herodotus talks about large, furry "ants" that are as big as foxes. He says they live in a sandy desert in one of the far eastern provinces of the Persian Empire (modern Pakistan). This place has sand with tiny pieces of gold in it. These big ants would dig tunnels, and sometimes they'd find gold dust, which the people of the area would collect.

In his book "The Ants' Gold: The Discovery of the Greek El Dorado in the Himalayas," Michel Peissel, a French expert, thinks that these "ants" Herodotus talked about might actually be Himalayan marmots found in Pakistan's Gilgit-Baltistan province. Just like the area Herodotus mentioned, the ground there has gold dust. Peissel talked to the Minaro tribe who live there, and they said they've been collecting gold dust for years, which the marmots bring up when they dig burrows. This story was well known in ancient times, and later writers like Pliny the Elder wrote about it too.

Peissel says that Herodotus might have mixed up the Persian words for "marmot" and "mountain ant" because he didn't speak Persian and had to rely on translators. Herodotus himself didn't see these gold-digging "ants"; he was just repeating what he heard from other travelers.

The story about the "Gold-digging ants" has been around for more than 2,500 years, people have talked about big "ants" in a far place that dug gold and made the Persian Empire rich. Some historians thought it was true, while others thought it was too crazy to believe. People in ancient Athens and Rome believed in this story, and even Alexander the Great knew about it. Many people have tried to understand this mystery over the years.

Now, a group of explorers claims they've figured it out. They believe they've found the place where these legendary gold-digging ants lived, in the Himalayas near the upper Indus River. These huge furry "ants," first mentioned by Herodotus over 2,000 years ago, are actually big marmots. They're like foxes but not as big as dogs. These marmots still bring up soil with gold in it as they dig their burrows. And the explorers found local people called Minaro who've been collecting this gold dust for generations.

Other explorers had thought these ancient "ants" were marmots before, but they didn't know where people actually found the gold. Now, the explorers think they've found that place. This place is called the Dansar (Deosai) plain, high up in the Himalayas in northern Pakistan. It's a remote area where the Indus River flows through deep gorges. There are small villages of Minaro tribal people who've lived there for a long time, still keeping ancient traditions.

A French researcher named Michel Peissel first heard about this from the Minaro people 14 years ago. They told him that they used to collect gold dust from marmot burrows in Dansar (Deosai). It took a long time for Peissel and a photographer to get permission to visit the Minaro people on the Pakistani side of the border. In Pakistan, they heard the same stories from the villagers. They went to the Dansar plain and saw the marmots digging. They even found soil with gold in it.

Experts have wondered why Herodotus called these creatures "ants" when they were actually marmots. Peissel thinks it's because the Persian word for marmot sounds like "mountain ant." And Herodotus didn't speak Persian"."

Kanal D (Romania)

Kanal D Romania (short form of Kanal Doğan) is a nationwide television channel in Romania and a part of Doğan Holding, which is owned by the Turkish media tycoon Aydın Doğan. The channel was launched on 1 March 2007. In 2012, Kanal D Romania was ranked in the top three channels in Romania. Kanal D Romania is also being in the first place with many of its television programs in prime-time, such as Turkish television series and Turkish soap operas.

In 2016, in Prime Time (20:00 - 24:00), Kanal D ranked second in the top TV channels in Romania, both in the All Urban target (an increase from 2015 of +21%) and National (an increase from 2015 of +26%). Kantar Media (2015-2016), target: All Urban și Național, Prime Time: 20:00 – 24:00

Prima TV

Prima TV () is a Romanian commercial TV channel, famous mainly for the "Cronica Cârcotaşilor" show and various reality shows aired on this channel.







"Focus" is the television main news bulletin, broadcast daily at 18:00 EET.



Prima Sport

Prima Sport is a Romanian network of sports channels owned and operated by the media group Clever. The package includes four channels called Prima Sport 1, Prima Sport 2, Prima Sport 3, Prima Sport 4, and Prima Sport 5. It was launched in 2011, under the name Transilvania L!VE and after other names, the channels became Prima Sport on April 19, 2022.



Național 24 Plus

Național 24 Plus is a Romanian free-to-air channel, owned by Centrul Național Media, which is a trust owned by Micula Brothers.

Until January 7, 2010, it was named as N24 and it was a 24-hour news channel. It was named as N24 Plus from January 7, 2010 until October 1, 2011, when it became Național 24 Plus. The idents of Național 24 Plus are identic with the idents of Național TV used from 2003 to 2004.

Național 24 Plus broadcasts Indian television series, news, documentaries, music videos, children's television programs and lifestyle television programs. It is the sister channel of Național TV, a generalist television channel, also owned by Centrul Național Media.




Polypedates iskandari

Polypedates iskandari is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, China, Laos, and India. People have seen it between 0 and 1008 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests, places where the forest was cut down and grew back, farms, towns, and gardens. The tadpoles swim in puddles, ponds, and other bodies of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living places that humans have changed.

Atomic TV

Atomic TV (stylized as Atomic. and simply known as Atomic) is a Romanian television network launched on 20 November 2021 as an online livestreaming channel, and on 23 November 2021 as a television channel. The channel primarily airs music made in Romania from the 90s and 2000s, but also music from 2010s.

The channel is a revival of the original Atomic TV channel launched on 3 February 1999, rebranded as TV K Lumea on 26 June 2004, sold to SBS Broadcasting Group and rebranded as Kiss TV in 2006.

B1 TV

B1 TV is a Romanian television network which began broadcasting in 2001 as a general-profile channel and became a news channel in 2011. B1 TV broadcasts 24 hours a day, seven days a week all over the country.


Realitatea Plus

Realitatea Plus (meaning "The Reality Plus") is an all-news channel launched on 16 January 2015 that took the place of Realitatea TV. Its owners are Romanian politician Cozmin Guşă and businessman Maricel Păcuraru.

Realitatea Plus was launched on 16 January 2015.

Realitatea Plus replacing the defunct all-news channel Realitatea TV.


Grand Prix motorcycle racing

Grand Prix motorcycle racing is the highest class of motorcycle road racing events held on road circuits sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme. Independent motorcycle racing events have been held since the start of the twentieth century and large national events were often given the title Grand Prix The foundation of the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme as the international governing body for motorcycle sport in 1949 provided the opportunity to coordinate rules and regulations in order that selected events could count towards official World Championships. It is the oldest established motorsport world championship.

Jake Dennis

Jake Dennis (born 16 June 1995) is a British racing driver who lives in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He currently competes in the Formula E with Andretti Global. He also currently serves as a development driver for the Red Bull Racing Formula One team and is a BMW Factory driver. He is the 2022–23 Formula E world champion.

2024 United Nations Climate Change Conference

The 2024 United Nations Climate Change Conference or Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), which most people call COP29, will be the 29th United Nations Climate Change conference. Mukhtar Babayev will be the president of the conference: he is a government minister and used to work for Azerbaijan's national oil company SOCAR.

The conference's committee had 28 people at first, all men. After Christiana Figueres, the Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, and other people complained, another two men and eleven women were added.

Some people say that having COP29 in Azerbaijan is a bad thing because the government does bad things to people, like putting journalists in prison. But other people say that, because lots of foreign people will be looking at Azerbaijan during COP29, the government will be embarrassed about doing bad things to people. 

Some people say that the government has damaged its own environment, and is just pretending to care. Azerbaijan gets a lot of money by selling oil and gas to other countries.

2025 Formula 2 Championship

The 2025 FIA Formula 2 Championship is a planned motor racing championship for Formula 2 cars sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The championship will be the fifty-eighth season of Formula 2 racing and the eighth season run under the FIA Formula 2 Championship moniker. It is an open-wheel racing category serving as the second tier of formula racing in the FIA Global Pathway. The category will be run in support of selected rounds of the 2025 Formula One World Championship. As the championship is a spec series, all teams and drivers competing in the championship will run the same car, the new Dallara F2 2024.

The following teams and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2024 Formula 2 Championship. As the championship is a spec series, all teams will compete with an identical Dallara F2 2024 chassis with a V6 turbo engine developed by Mecachrome. All teams will compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli.

NDTV

New Delhi Television Ltd (NDTV) is an Indian television news media company founded by economist "Prannoy Roy" and journalist "Radhika Roy" in 1984. They both are husband and wife from the city of Kolkata, West Bengal.

Blind Owl

The Blind Owl (1936; , "Boof-e koor", ) is a novel written by the Iranian author Sadegh Hedayat, first published in 1936. It is considered a significant work in modern Persian literature, exploring themes of despair, existentialism, and the complex interplay between reality and illusion.

The novel presents a surreal and psychological narrative, following the experiences of an unnamed protagonist who recounts his story in a non-linear and dreamlike manner. Through its dark and haunting atmosphere, "The Blind Owl" delves into the depths of the human psyche, leaving a lasting impact on Persian literature.

The story is about a painter who doesn't have a name and feels really sad after losing a lover. He talks to a shadow on his wall that looks like an owl and shares his dark thoughts. In his weird dreams, he believes that death destroys everything imaginary. The narrator thinks we come from death and it frees us from the fake attractions of life. The novel has two parts. The first part is like a strange dream with the narrator on opium, his complicated feelings for a woman, and a strange old man. The second part tells the same story more realistically, with some details that don't match the first part.


"The Blind Owl" is known for its unique narrative style, characterized by fragmented storytelling and symbolic richness. Hedayat's prose creates a somber (dark) and 
introspective atmosphere, drawing readers into the labyrinth of the protagonist's mind.

The novel has had a lasting impact on Persian literature and has been translated into various languages, allowing a broader audience to engage with its profound themes. "The Blind Owl" remains a classic, with its exploration of the human psyche and existential concerns continuing to captivate readers worldwide.

"The Blind Owl" stands as a cornerstone of modern Persian literature, offering a thought-provoking exploration of despair, existentialism, and the intricate relationship between reality and illusion. Hedayat's unique narrative style and rich symbolism contribute to the enduring significance of this literary masterpiece.

Povel Ramel

Povel Ramel (June 1, 1922 - June 4, 2007), was a Swedish entertainer, composer, singer, actor and author.

Ramel was born in Stockholm to Märta Tesch and Karl Ramel. His parents died due to a car crash in 1937, and then Ramel lived with his aunt while he studied. When he was 17 years old, he directed and wrote his first revue. The same year he was on a trip to London where the British music inspired him, with artists like Harry Roy and Billy Cotton.

Povel Ramel did get a little bit famous when the singer Alice Babs did a cover on "Vårt eget Blue Hawaii", that Ramel had written. The real breaktrough was in 1944, when "Johanssons Boogie Woogie vals", that he composed did get very popular. The year after Per-Martin Hamerg hired him to the biggest radio station in Sweden. There Ramel did humorous programs. He also met his future wife, Susanna Ramel, when he worked for the radio station. The reviewers in the local newspaper didn't like Ramel's jokes and songs, but the listeners liked him.

With Felix Alvo, Ramel did found Knäppupp AB in 1952, a company who wrote and composed revues. The first year the company features their first revue, called "Akta huvet". It had premiere at Cirkus in Gothenburg, and in the following 16 years Knäppupp is going to produce, write and compose many revues. The company also did direct and write movies, as I rök och dans (1954), Hoppsan (1955) and Ratataa (1956).

In 1969, the whole area Knäppupp used to work at was demolished, and soon after Knäppupp's activity stopped. Their last revue was "De sista entusiasterna" from 1968.

The Norwegian singer Wenche Myhre launched a cooperation in the late 1960s. Together they occur in the revue "Pow Show" in 1969. The sequel "POW Show II - Andra varvet runt" had premiere in 1974.

Ramel later occured in the TV-series Semlons gröna dalar (1977) and Affären Ramel (1986).

New revues was written and composed by Ramel in the 1980's and 1990's, as "Minspiration" (1981), "Tingel Tangel på Tyrol" 1989 (with the swedish actor Hans Alfredson), "Knäpp igen" (1992) and "Kolla klotet!" (1996) (written together with the swedish actor Thomas von Brömssen).

In the 2000's Ramel was getting more and more inactive, and his last revue "Povel á la carte" had premiere 2005.

When Ramel only was two years old, in 1924, he stepped on a nail at a beach in Belgium, and had to get surgery in Bruges. Ramel was on the hospital in three weeks. The surgery failed and he almost died. The damage on the foot did stop, but he had surgery as an adult too.

In the spring 2007 Ramel had emergency heart problems and had to get a pacemaker. A month later he got more sick again, and he died 4 June, 2007.

Shortly after Povel's death, his fan-club "Povel Ramel-sällskapet" was found. This was the October 13 2008. In 2022, a statue of Ramel in bronze, designed by Lasse Åberg, was built. Now it stands outside "Cirkus" in Stockholm.

Ramel has an career as an author and 1945, he publiced his first book "Från Asar till Wasar". The career as an actor has lasted for long, in more than 50 years.



In 1983, Ramel invented the Karamelodikt-scholarship, in Sweden known as "Karamelodikt-stipendiet". It is handed out every year to Ramel's honor.

Matthew Garber

Matthew Adam Garber (25 March 1956 – 13 June 2009) was a British child actor, best known for his role as Michael Banks in the classic Disney film "Mary Poppins" (1964).

Matthew Garber was born on March 25, 1956, in Stepney, London, England. He attended the independent Highgate School in North London. Garber was discovered by theatrical agent Iris Burton while he was performing in the play "The Snow Queen" at the age of seven. Following this encounter, he began his acting career with several television appearances.

Garber's breakthrough came when he was cast as Michael Banks in Disney's "Mary Poppins" alongside Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. The film, directed by Robert Stevenson and based on the book series by P.L. Travers, became an instant classic and won five Academy Awards. Garber's portrayal of the mischievous yet endearing Michael Banks endeared him to audiences worldwide.

After the success of "Mary Poppins", Garber reprised his role in the Disney film "The Three Lives of Thomasina" (1963), where he played the character Geordie McNab. However, he eventually decided to step away from acting to focus on his education.

Garber attended St. John's College, Cambridge, where he studied history. Despite his departure from the entertainment industry, he remained fondly remembered for his role in "Mary Poppins", which continued to captivate audiences for generations.

In his later years, Garber maintained a low profile and largely stayed out of the public eye. Tragically, at the age of 21, Garber contracted hepatitis while traveling in India. He was unaware of his condition until it had progressed to a critical stage. Despite receiving medical treatment, Garber's condition worsened, and he passed away on June 13, 1977.

Matthew Garber's untimely death was met with shock and sadness by his family, friends, and fans. His contribution to the world of cinema, particularly his memorable performance in "Mary Poppins", continues to be celebrated by audiences around the world.

Matthew Garber's portrayal of Michael Banks in "Mary Poppins" remains iconic and has left an indelible mark on popular culture. The film's enduring popularity ensures that Garber's legacy lives on, as new generations continue to discover and enjoy his work.

In recognition of his contribution to cinema, Matthew Garber was posthumously honored with retrospectives and tributes. His portrayal of Michael Banks remains beloved by audiences, making him an integral part of the magic of "Mary Poppins" and a cherished figure in the history of film.

List of best-selling books

This is a list of best-selling books that are not comic books or textbooks. According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the best-selling book in the world is The Bible.

1) The Bible - 5,000,000,000

2) The Quran - 800,000,000

3) The Book of Mormon - 190,000,000

4) The Bhagavad-Gita - 140,000,000

The Little Red Book - between 800,000,000 copies and 6,500,000,000

1) A Tale of Two Cities - more than 200,000,000

2) The Little Prince - 200,000,000 

3) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone - 120,000,000

4) And Then There Were None - 100,000,000

5) Dream of the Red Chamber - 100,000,000

6) The Hobbit - 100,000,000

7) - 83,000,000

8) The Da Vinci Code - 80,000,000 

9) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - 77,000,000

10) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - 65,000,000

11) Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - 65,000,000 

12) Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - 65,000,000

13) Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince - 65,000,000

14) Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - 65,000,000

15) The Alchemist - 65,000,000

16) The Catcher in the Rye - 65,000,000

17) The Bridges of Madison County - 60,000,00

18) One Hundred Years of Solitude - 50,000,000

19) Lolita - 50,000,000

20) Heidi - 50,000,000

21) The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care - 50,000,000

22) Anne of Green Gables - 50,000,000

23) Black Beauty - 50,000,000

24) The Name of the Rose - 50,000,000 

25) The Eagle Has Landed, 50,000,000

26) Watership Down - 50,000,000

27) Charlotte's Web - 50,000,000

28) The Ginger Man - 50,000,000

29) The Tale of Peter Rabbit - 45,000,000

30) Jonathan Livingston Seagull - 44,000,000

31) The Very Hungry Caterpillar - 43,000,000

32) A Message to Garcia - 40,000,000

33) To Kill a Mockingbird - 40,000,000

34) Flowers in the Attic - 40,000,000

35) Cosmos - 40,000,000

36) Sophie’s World,m - 40,000,000

37) Angels & Demons - 39,000,000

38) Alcoholics Anonymous - 37,000,000

39) Kane and Abel - 37,000,000

40) How the Street was Tempered - 36,400,000

41) War and Peace - 36,000,000

42) The Adventures of Pinocchio - 35,000,000

43) The Diary of a Young Girl - 35,000,000

44) Your erroneous zones - 35,000,000

45) The Thorn Birds, 33,000,000 copies 

46) The Kite Runner, 31,500,000 copies 

47) Valley of the Dolls, 31,000,000 copies 

48) How to Win Friends and Influence People, 30,000,000 copies 

49) The Great Gatsby, 30,000,000 copies 

50) Gone with the Wind, 30,000,000 copies 

51) Rebecca, 30,000,000 copies 

52) The Revolt of Mamie Stover, 30,000,000 copies

53) The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, 30,000,000 copies 

54) The Lost Symbol, 30,000,000 copies 

55) The Hunger Games, 29,000,000 copies 

56) James and the Giant Peach, 28,000,000 copies 

57) The Young Guard, 26,000,000 copies 

58) A Brief History of Time, 25,000,000 copies 

59) Paul and Virginia, 25,000,000 copies 

60) Lust for Life, 25,000,000 copies 

61) The Wind in the Willows, 25,000,000 copies

62) The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, 25,000,000 copies

63) , 25,000,000 copies

64) Virgin Soil Upturned, 24,000,000 copies 

65) The Celestine Prophecy, 23,000,000 copies 

66) The Fault in Our Stars, 23,000,000 copies 

67) The Girl on the Train, 23,000,000 copies 

68) The Shack, 22,500,000 copies 

69) Uncle Sytopa, 21,000,000 copies 

70) The Godfather, 21,000,000 copies 

71) Love Story, 21,000,000 copies 

72) Catching Fire, 21,000,000 copies 

73) Mockingjay, 20,000,000 copies 

74) Kitchen, 20,000,000 copies 

75) The Andromeda Nebula, 20,000,000 copies 

76) Gone Girl, 20,000,000 copies 

77) The Bermuda Triangle, 20,000,000 copies 

78) Things Fall Apart, 20,000,000 copies 

79) Wolf Totem, 20,000,000 copies 

80) The Happy Hooker, 20,000,000 copies

81) Jaws, 20,000,000 copies 

82) Love You Forever, 20,000,000 copies 

83) The Women’s Room, 20,000,000 copies 

84) What to Expect When You're Expecting, 20,000,000 copies 

85) Huckleberry Finn, 20,000,000 copies 

86) The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, 20,000,000 copies 

87) Pride and Prejudice, 20,000,000 copies 

88) The Kon-Tiki Expedition ,20,000,000 copies

89) The Good Soldier, 20,000,000 copies 

90) Where the Wild Things Are, 20,000,000 copies

91) The Power of Positive Thinking, 20,000,000 copies 

92) The Secret, 20,000,000 copies 

93) Fear of Flying , 20,000,000 copies 

94) Dune, 20,000,000 copies 

95) Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, 20,000,000 copies 

96) The Naked Ape, 20,000,000 copies

97) Where the Crawdads Sing, 18,000,000 copies 

98) Matilda, 17,000,000 copies 

99) The Book Thief, 16,000,000 copies 

100) The Horse Whisperer, 16,000,000 copies

Mutsamudu

Mutsamudu is a city in the Comoros. It’s the capital of the island of Anjouan and is located in the northern part of the island. The population was 23,584 in 2021, making it the largest city on the island of Anjouan and the second-largest city in the Comoros.

Pacific Bell

The Pacific Bell Telephone Company (or simply Pacific Bell) is an American telephone company and Internet system provider. The name Pacific Bell (as of 2002) is no longer used for marketing although the company itself is still around. It does business as AT&T Inc.. Pacific Bell operates in the U.S. state of California.

Pacific Bell began as the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company. Along with California, this network was also operated in Oregon and Washington until the late 1960s. Pacific Bell was later owned by the Pacific Telesis Group from 1984 to 1996 or 1997. The Pacific Telesis, though, disappeared rather fast in the late 1990s and from there on was owned by SBC Communicatons along with its subsidiary Nevada Bell.

The Pacific Bell and Nevada Bell names went defunct from 2002 to 2003 or 2004 because doing business as names were not in effect yet. So Nevada Bell and Pacific Bell changed their corporate name to SBC.. The names were later resurrected in 2003 or 2004 and now perform business as the "new" AT&T..

Joey + Rory

Joey + Rory were an American bluegrass and country music duo. They were made up of Joey Feek (September 9, 1975 – March 4, 2016) and Rory Feek (b. April 25, 1965). They were a husband and wife team.

From 2008 to 2016, Joey and Rory had several strong country music ballads. They included "Cheater Cheater" (originally from the Bomshel country-pop singers) The song was about adultery (and in particular a "white trash" mistress woman with whom Rory cheated on Joey).. Other songs included "This Song's for You" and "To Say Goodbye"

Joey Feek (nee Martin) died following cervical cancer at age forty.

Gastric hemorrhage

Gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding is a sign of a disorder in the digestive tract. The blood often shows up in stool or vomit but isn't always obvious. Stool may look black or tarry. Bleeding can range from mild to severe and can be life-threatening.

Florida State Prison

The Florida State Prison is a prison located in Bradford County, Florida. The Serial killer, Ted Bundy was executed in the electric chair there.

Inclusive society

An inclusive society - based on the principles of social justice, allows all people access and full participation in society, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, ethnic group, race, religion and socioeconomic status. Inclusion is defined as involving people with disabilities in everyday activities and ensuring they have access to resources and opportunities similar to their non-disabled peers. An inclusive society is considered to be the ability of an individual to find himself in a healthy environment. This can be in the form of development, education, volunteering and other forms.

Expanding social protection is essential for all countries to achieve sustainable development goals. In an inclusive society, it doesn't matter where you come from, who you love or whether you have an illness or disability. However, an inclusive society does not arise by itself. This primarily depends on the reforms carried out by the elected government structures. But, there are still closed governments that suppress human rights and freedoms in order to maintain their long-term power. In 2020, Klaus Schwab, the founder of the World Economic Forum, stated that the crisis has sharply exposed global inequalities. According to Klaus Schwab, the pandemic has unmasked leaders who work primarily for themselves and not for the benefit of citizens.

As defined by the United Nations, an inclusive society is a set of coordinated social institutions that transcends differences of race, gender, generation, geography and ensures inclusion, equal opportunities and the determination of the capabilities of all members of society. All the developed countries in the world are currently working on the full establishment of such societies.

Inclusion consists of empowering members of society who have been discriminated against and whose rights have been violated as a result of social and political processes.

The scope of this organization's work on establishing fair and inclusive societies includes many countries in Europe, Asia, Latin America and even Africa . Institute Swedish diplomat who saved tens of thousands of Jews and other people in Hungary at the end of World War II.

Research and expertise center is particularly distinguished from the research and development institutes.

The promise of leaving no one behind is one of the defining features of the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals.The 2030 Agenda envisions peaceful, just and inclusive societies in which all people can fulfill their potential with dignity and equality. Failure to provide inclusive societies is identified as a root cause of violence and slows down sustainable development. Goals 10 and 16 directly address an inclusive society. Achieving an inclusive society by reducing inequality worldwide, with a focus on equal opportunities and expanded representation, is a key requirement for sustainable peace.

Mechanisms of economic growth in inclusive societies are posted on the website of the World Economic Forum.

The benefits of an inclusive societies approach to people have been proven through research. The desired impacts range from economic benefits to other development goals, social cohesion and lasting peace.

However, there is little evidence on whether inclusiveness makes peace processes and political settlements more inclusive or more sustainable. Research in this direction is still being conducted.


All the Small Things

"All the Small Things" is a 1999 song by Blink-182 and is the second single from their third studio album "Enema of the State". It went to number 6 in the United States and Italy, number 2 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 7 in Sweden and Ireland, number 10 in Portugal and New Zealand, number 8 in Iceland and Australia, number 4 in Austria, number 18 in Canada, number 12 in Norway, number 11 in Germany, number 39 in the Netherlands and number 19 in Poland.


History of the People's Republic of China (1949–1976)

The time period from October 1949 until September 1976 is know in the history of the People's Republic of China as Red China.

Since 1921, the Kuomintang (KMT) and the Communist Party of China (CPC) were helping each other to unify China, which had divided into small groups known as Warlords.

In 1927, after the death of Sun Yat-sen, former leader of the KMT, they began to disagree with each other, until Chiang Kai-shek killed CPC people while the CPC betrayed the KMT by founding our own chinese republic (Chinese Soviet Republic), starting the Chinese Civil War.

In 1937, the KMT and CCP decided to stop fighting and fight against Japan. The Japanese Army had been invading and conquering parts of China since 1931; forming the Second United Front.

In August 1945, the KMT and the CPC with help of the Soviet Union, United States and United Kingdom, kick the Japan out of the China and the japanese forces surrender.

After the World War II, the KMT and the CPC had tried to make the peace and create a united government in China, but the both of the sides don't agreed with other, starting again the Chinese Civil War in 1946.

In October 1949, Mao Zedong, main communist leader since 1930s, create the People's Republic of China after a discuss in Beijing, the new capital of the China. The KMT, also know as nationalists, flee to Taipei and moves the Republic of China to Taiwan.

Also, since 1949 until 1960, Some nationalists troops continued in mainland China, fighting against the People's Republic of China and your army.

In 1950, for the first time since the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, China had a time of peace for start your reconstruction from the damage caused by the Chinese Civil War and the World War II. So, Mao Zedong started the Land Reform and the collectivisation of land.

In 1950, North Korean forces invaded South Korea. The UN sent forces to help South Korea and stop North Korea's advance. With the help of the UN, South Korea managed to capture large chunks of land and invade North Korea.

The Chinese warned that if the UN and South Koreans invaded North Korea, they would send help to North Korea. General Douglas MacArthur ignored the warning and China sent troops to help North Korea which easily reversed the war again.

In 1953 the Korean War was stopped with a small armistice of peace between both sides.

The chinese help to North Korea in the Korean War delayed China's postwar reconstruction. 

A few months after Mao Zedong created the PRC, he sent some diplomats to Moscow, but was received coldly, as Stalin and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union did not trust Communism followed by the PRC.

In 1964 the People's Republic of China tested your own atomic bomb in Xinjiang.

The Chairman Mao Zedong in 1958 declared a plan for the fast industrialization of the China and it ended in 1961. The Great Leap Forward failed to bring industrialization and the famine that it created killed millions of people. Some people think it to be the biggest famine in history.

After the failure of the Great Leap Forward, Mao Zedong sought to eliminate all liberal or revisionist opposition within the Chinese Communist Party, which increasingly disagreed with Mao's actions. Knowed as Cultural Revolution, was started in 1966 and ended it in 1976, after Mao's death.

Mao had been in poor health for several years and had declined visibly for at least six months prior to his death. There are unconfirmed reports that he possibly had ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. Mao's last public appearance was on 27 May 1976, where he met the visiting Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto during the latter's one-day visit to Beijing.

At around 5:00PM on 2 September 1976, Mao suffered a heart attack, far more severe than his previous two and affecting a much larger area of his heart. Three days later, on 5 September, Mao's condition was still critical. On the afternoon of 7 September, Mao's condition completely deteriorated. Mao's organs failed quickly and he fell into a coma shortly before noon where he was put on life support machines. He was taken off life support over 12 hours later, quarter to midnight and was pronounced dead at 12:08 am on 9 September 1976.

His body lay in state at the Great Hall of the People. There was a three-minute silence observed during this service. His body was later placed into the Mausoleum of Mao Zedong, despite his wishes to be cremated and he had been one of the first high-ranking officials to sign the "Proposal that all Central Leaders be Cremated after Death" in November 1956.

Hua Guofeng was appointed as Mao Zedong's successor and took office after his death in 1976, Contrary to what many think, Guofeng was Mao's de facto successor, before Deng Xiaoping.

Guofeng also decreed the end of the Cultural Revolution, arrested the Gang of Four, opened diplomatic relations for the first time with Europe and the Americas and was the forerunner of the economic reforms that would later be carried out by Deng Xiaoping.

From 1978 until 1981, most of the Chinese Communist Party began to pressure Hua Guofeng to leave his post, which happened in June 1981.

Roy Harper (character)

Roy Harper is a fictional character and superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Mort Weisinger and Paul Norris. He first appeared in "More Fun Comics" #73, as Speedy, Green Arrow's sidekick. It was in "The New Titans #99," written by Marv Wolfman, that he debuted as Arsenal, and then Red Arrow.

Roy's father, a Forest Ranger, died in a forest fire on an Navajo reservation when Roy was very young. Roy was then taken in by a Navajo medicine man named Brave Bow, because Roy's father had saved his life. Brave Bow taught Roy archery and marksmanship.

As Roy grew he came to idolize the Green Arrow, a modern day Robin Hood and superhero. In order to prove to himself that he was a worthy archer, young Roy entered an archery contest. Although he ultimately lost, the Green Arrow took notice at the young boy and decided to make him his partner helping in Roy's development as an archer. He adopted the name Speedy for the fact that he was faster than Green Arrow himself. Eventually, Roy became Oliver Queen's ward, after Brave Bow's death. It was later revealed that Roy's uncle, James Harper, is a superhero called the Guardian. Since then, he has joined the superhero team the Justice League. In addition to continuing to serve on occasion as one of the Titans, Roy has had leading roles in the superhero groups the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Outsiders, Checkmate, the Justice League, and the Outlaws.

The character has been adapted for video games and animation several times, and was portrayed in live action by actor Colton Haynes on the Arrowverse television series "Arrow".

Speedy (Mia Dearden)

Mia Dearden is a fictional character and superheroine from the DC Comics universe. The character was created by writer Kevin Smith and artist Phil Hester, she first appeared in "Green Arrow" (vol. 3) #2 (May 2001). She is a bow-wielding vigilante who becomes the second Speedy, acting as side-kick to Green Arrow. He rescued her from a child sex-trafficking ring and took her in as his ward, training her in archery. Having survived on the streets for years, she is HIV-positive. She has been a member of Team Arrow and the Teen Titans. Her Post-Flashpoint counterpart is the daughter of crimelord John King.

Mia Dearden appeared in "Smallville", portrayed by Elise Gatien. A loose adaptation, Thea Queen, appeared on the Arrowverse television series "Arrow", portrayed by Willa Holland.

Mephisto (Marvel Comics)

Mephisto is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character made his first appearance in "Silver Surfer" volume 1, #3 in 1968. Stan Lee and John Buscema created the character and is based on Mephistopheles: a demon character from the Faust legend, who has sometimes been referred to as Mephisto. 

A sadistic, cruel, and dangerous extra-dimensional demon with unknown origins, Mephisto is incredibly powerful and is known for stealing souls and torturing them in his hell-like dimension. He is one of the many Hell-Lords in the Marvel Universe. He serves as the main antagonist of the "Ghost Rider" franchise, a major antagonist in the "Silver Surfer", "Doctor Strange" and "Avengers" series and one of the two overarching antagonists (alongside Albert Malik) of the "Spider-Man" franchise. He's the arch-nemesis of Ghost Rider, and a major enemy of Silver Surfer, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, Hulk, the Avengers, and Doctor Doom.

Debuting in the Silver Age of comic books, the character has appeared in over five decades of Marvel continuity. The character has also appeared in associated Marvel merchandise, including animated television series, feature film, toys, trading cards, and video games.

Mephisto has been described as one of Marvel's most notable and powerful supervillains.

Peter Fonda portrayed the character in the 2007 movie "Ghost Rider", and Ciaran Hinds portrayed him in its 2012 sequel "".

Farther Up the Road

"Farther Up the Road" or "Further Up the Road" is a 1957 blues song first recorded by Bobby Bland. It is an early influential Texas guitar shuffle from the 1940s blues style to the 1960s blues rock style. It has been covered by many blues artists including Eric Clapton.

Jimmy Kruger

James Thomas Kruger (20 December 1917 – 9 May 1987) was a South African lawyer and politician of Welsh descent who was part of the conservative National Party government which championed apartheid. He rose to the position of Minister of Justice and the Police in the cabinet of Prime Minister John Vorster from 1974 to 1979. He was also President of the Senate of South Africa from 1979 until 1980, when it was abolished.

Kruger was born in Bethlehem, Orange Free State, South Africa of Welsh parents and was adopted by Afrikaner parents. After he graduated from high school in Ventersdorp, he first became a miner. He trained as a surveyor at a gold mine in Brakpan before taking an exam as a mining surveyor. Later he would work as surveyor engineer in Barberton.

Kruger studied part-time for an Afrikaans teaching degree from the University of South Africa (UNISA) and later attended the University of the Witwatersrand where he got a law degree in 1954. He began practising as a lawyer in 1955.

In 1962 he became a member of the Transvaal Provincial Council. As National Party candidate, he became a member of the House of Assembly in the Parliament of South Africa from 1966. In 1972, Kruger was made a deputy cabinet minister for the police, health and welfare. In 1974 he was made a full Minister of Police, Prisons and Justice. In June 1979, the ceremonial position of President of the Senate of South Africa but retired in 1980 when the Senate was abolished.

As Minister of Police, Prisons and Justice, Kruger was responsible for the banning of the anti-apartheid activist and Black Consciousness Movement leader Steve Biko. Banning was a form of punishment used by the South African apartheid government, in which the person was forbidden to leave the area where he or she lived, forbidden to talk to the media, or was under house arrest.

When Biko died after he was arrested by the police, the police said that he had died during a hunger strike, but Biko actually died after he was tortured by the police. When this was challenged by the liberal white South African journalist Donald Woods, a personal friend of Biko, Kruger also had him banned. Woods and his family fled the country for exile in England.

When the actual cause of death of Biko became known, it caused an international scandal, and the South African government was embarrassed and put all the blame on Kruger. In 1980, the government ordered him to resign, and he lost not only his cabinet position, but his membership of the National Party, as well. In 1982, Kruger joined the newly founded hardline pro-apartheid Conservative Party of Andries Treurnicht in protest against the racial reforms of the National Party under the P. W. Botha Government.

Kruger was married to Susan Kruger after whom the Robben Island ferry the "Susan Kruger" was named in 1977.

Kruger died at his home in Irene after recently having heart surgery. He was survived by his wife, Susanna and two sons, Eugene and Eitel.

In the movie "Cry Freedom" (1987), which was based on Woods's role in the anti-apartheid struggle, Kruger was played by English actor John Thaw.

In the movie "Goodbye Bafana" (2007), Kruger was played by South African actor Norman Anstey.

Shunga

Shunga is a term for classic Japanese erotica, particularly erotic Ukiyo-e. There are also erotic painted handscrolls, which came before ukiyo-e and are much rarer. The Japanese word "shunga" means "picture of spring". “Spring” is a euphemism for sex. "Shunga" prints showed lots of kinds of sex, including heterosexual sex, gay sex, lesbian sex, and even sex with octopuses.

Austria national under-19 football team

The Austrian U-19 national football team is the national under-19 football team of Austria. The team is controlled by the Austrian Football Association. Players who have not yet reached the age of 19 and have Austrian citizenship are allowed to play.

Futanari

Futanari is the Japanese word for hermaphroditism, or androgyny. Outside Japan, the word is used to refer to a hentai genre about feminine characters who have a penis and vulva, as well as a scrotum in some cases. The term is also often shortened to "futa".

Johann Frassl

Johann Frassl was an Austrian football player and coach. He played for SK Rapid Wien as midfielder. With Rapid he was two times Austrian football champion (1916, 1917).

Gyaru

Gyaru (from the English word “gal”) is a Japanese subculture and fashion style characterized by an over-the-top westernized feminine look and “frivolous” behavior like partying at clubs. Gyaru fashion is defined by showy clothing, heavy tanning, bleached or dyed hair, and lots of makeup. Gyaru culture and style developed as a rebellion against traditional Japanese cultural and beauty standards.

Adam's Song

"Adam's Song" is a 2000 song by Blink-182 and is the third and final single from their third studio album "Enema of the State". It went to number 2 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, number 39 in New Zealand, number 98 in Germany, number 21 in Italy and number 20 on the Canadian RPM Rock/Alternative chart. It deals with loneliness, suicide and depression.

All songs written by Mark Hoppus and Tom DeLonge, except where noted. Live tracks recorded in November 1999 at the Universal Amphitheatre, Los Angeles, California.

US/UK CD single (155 742-2)

German CD single (155 743-2)

Australian CD single (155 752-2)

Gwen Berryman

Gwendoline Margaret Berryman MBE (22 November 1906 – 20 December 1983) was an English actress, businesswoman, writer and singer. She was best known as Doris Archer in the BBC Radio 4 soap opera "The Archers".

Berryman had a career which spanned 54 years. She was made an MBE on 30 December 1980.

Gwendoline Margaret Berryman was born in Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, England on 22 November 1906, as the only child of Richard Edward Berryman (1881–1955), a cellist player, and Louisa Elizabeth Berryman (née Clark; 1884–1952), a pianist.

Berryman attended the Birmingham School of Music and the Royal Academy of Music in London, where she was awarded the gold medal for singing.

Berryman made her debut performance in "The Marriage of Figaro" in 1926. She stopped working for a brief period after one more performance the following year. She resumed her career again in 1947. Her West End theatre debut was in "Derby Day" at the Comedy Theatre in 1932.

Berryman owned a dress shop in Sedgley, Staffordshire. She was also known as Margarite Gwendoline Berryman during this period.

Berryman made her broadcasting debut on 27 June 1948, as Mrs Baines in the BBC Home Service programme "The Old Wives' Tale". She went on to have a successful radio career.

Berryman joined the cast of the BBC Home Service radio soap opera "The Archers" for the pilot episode on 29 May 1950, as the voice of Doris Evelyn Rebecca Archer (née Forrest). Her character was introduced as Dan Archer's wife and the mother of Jack, Phil and Christine at a New Year's party held at the Archers' home in the first episode broadcast on 1 January 1951. She auditioned for the role and was asked what she thought of the opening theme, Barwick Green, which made their decision easier to cast her. She had originally thought her character would last three months. She auditioned for the role and was asked what she thought of the opening theme, Barwick Green, which made their decision easier to cast her. She had originally thought her character would last three months. Her character was killed off on 27 October 1980, after 30 years, when her granddaughter Shula Hebden Lloyd found her dead from a heart attack in Glebe Cottage. Doris was a stalwart of village life and provided a listening ear to an ever-growing Archer family from the 1950s to 1980. She was originally a kitchen maid at Manor House, the ancestral home of the Lawson-Hope family, and she became lady's maid to Letty Lawson-Hope. She had appeared in over 5,500 episodes.

Berryman "started to slip over the edge" in the late 1950s, amid overwork and sudden celebrity, according to "The Archers" producer William Smethurst. June Spencer said: "Gwen Berryman believed implicitly that she was Doris Archer". Her personal writing paper were printed with the fictional address of "Brookfield Farm, Ambridge" and even stopped calling fellow actors by their real names.

Berryman ran an advice service in Arthritis Weekly from 1974. She wrote to 'advise people to live where they can see things happening from their windows - keeping cheerful – and not saying I can't go out'.

Berryman was the castaway on the 1 January 1972 episode of the BBC Radio 4 programme "Desert Island Discs". Her chosen music included Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, with her favourite being Jeremiah Clarke playing his rendition of the "Trumpet Voluntary", her choice of book was a cookery book, and her luxury writing materials.

Berryman was the subject in the 25 February 1976 episode of the ITV biographical television documentary "This Is Your Life", when she was surprised by Eamonn Andrews during what she believed to be a special rehearsal at Euston Road Studios for "The Archers" due to be broadcast on Canadian television.

Berryman sung with well-known people throughout her career.

Berryman retired in 1980, due to ill health.

Berryman never married and had no children. June Spencer said: "When she was young Gwen had been engaged to a doctor, who died tragically".

Berryman resided in a large detached house on Goldthorn Hill in Wolverhampton, named The Birches, for most of her life. She moved to Seaway Court in Torquay, Devon in 1974. She was posthumously honoured with a plaque outside her former home in Wolverhampton.

Berryman had been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis. She later fell at Paddington. She twisted her ankle while a rhinoceros was charging at her in South Africa in 1962. She also had psoriatic arthritis. She used a walking trolley and a wheelchair from then 1962. She suffered two strokes in October 1980.

Berryman died at Torbay Hospital in Torbay, Devon on 20 December 1983. She was 77. She resided at Seven Hill Nursing Home.

Berryman was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1981 New Year Honours by Queen Elizabeth II.


Berryman and Doris Archer were both portrayed by Pam Ferris in "Drama on 4" (2015).

2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens

The 2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens, also known as the Melrose Cup, was the third edition of the tournament and took place in Mar del Plata, Argentina. It marked a significant milestone as it was the first major rugby event ever held in South America. The matches were in the José María Minella Stadium.

In this competition, New Zealand defeated Australia to win the title for the first time. 

Here are some key details about the 2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens:


Notably, this event brought rugby’s electrifying action to South American soil, drawing enthusiastic crowds and leaving a lasting impact on the region’s sporting landscape.

Mohammad Hosseini (footballer)

Mohammad Hosseini (; born March 3, 2000, in Qom) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder and currently plays for Iran's Saipa club in the Premier League of the Persian Gulf.

Hosseini has a history of playing in the Persian Gulf Pro League with the teams of Persepolis and Havadar S.C.

Derek Boateng

Derek Owusu Boateng ( ; born 2 May 1983) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. Born in Ghana, Boateng went on to play professional football in Greece, Sweden, Israel, Germany, Spain, Ukraine, England, and the United States during a career that spanned between 1999 and 2017. A full international between 2001 and 2013, he won 47 caps for the Ghana national team and represented his country at the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cups.
AIK

Beitar Jerusalem

Ghana U20

Individual

Good Girl (Carrie Underwood song)

"Good Girl" is a song by American country music recording artist Carrie Underwood from her fourth studio album, "Blown Away" (2012).

The short preview of the music video premiered on "Entertainment Tonight" on March 12, 2012.

It made history on CMT's Top Twenty Countdown for being at number one for a consecutive 14 weeks.

First Bank of the United States

The First Bank of the United States was the country's first national bank, established in 1791. The bank did not perform the functions of a central bank, such as regulating private banks or setting monetary policy. Its primary purpose was to stabilize and improve the nation's credit and handle the financial business of the US government. The bank's establishment was part of a three-part expansion of federal fiscal and monetary power, championed by Alexander Hamilton, first Secretary of the Treasury. The bank's establishment faced resistance from opponents of increased federal power, including Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. The bank's charter expired in 1811, and it was succeeded by the Second Bank of the United States. The bank building is a National Historic Landmark located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is currently closed to the public, with plans to reopen as a museum in 2026.

Polypedates ranwellai

Ranwella's spined tree frog ("Polypedates ranwellai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it 150 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40.5 – 48.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 67.9 mm long. This frog has teeth in its upper jaw and bony growth on its head. The skin of the frog's back can be white to yellow or green in color, with black spots. The sides of the frog's body are yellow and off-white with black spots. Parts of the legs are yellow with black stripes. The belly is white in color.

This frog lives in and near forests. People have seen them where the tree branches do not come together like a roof but they see even more of them deeper in the forest where the tree branches do come together like a roof. Scientists think this frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure. Scientists saw two frogs mating and then saw the female frog dig what may have been a nest on the ground, but they decided not to move.

Scientists believe this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in only a few small places and because human beings still change those places. Human beings come into their forests to take wood, build farms, and build machines on water to make electricity. Human beings also cut down small forests to build towns. Climate change has changed rainfall, which also makes life harder for this frog.

Scientists named this frog for Sanjeewa Ranwella, a doctor who helped save Gilimale forest.

Tacko Fall

Elhadji Tacko Sereigne Diop Fall (born 10 December 1995) is a Senegalese professional basketball player. He plays for Piratas de Quebradillas. He was born in Dakar, Senegal. Mamadou N'Diaye wanted Fall to attend his basketball academy. He moved to the United States when he was 16 years old. He played basketball in Houston, Texas. He trained with Hakeem Olajuwon. 

Elena Navaz

Elena Navaz Pérez (born 21 September 1960 Pamplona) is a Spanish taekwondo martial artist. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. 

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal, and at the European Taekwondo Championships she won bronze medals in 1984 and 1988.

Fernand Guiot

Fernand Guiot (7 August 1932 – 26 June 2021) was a French-Belgian movie, television and stage actor.

He was born in Namur. He studied at the Brussels Drama Conservatory,

He is known for his role as Mr. Dubreuil in "L'Aile ou la Cuisse" by Claude Zidi .

Guiot died in Paris on 26 June 2021, aged 88.

LASIK

LASIK, short for laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis, is a refractive surgery aimed at correcting myopia, hyperopia, and astigmatism by reshaping the cornea using a laser or microkeratome. It's considered a significant advancement over older procedures like radial keratotomy. Similar techniques include PRK and LASEK. For individuals unsuitable for LASIK or PRK due to factors like thin corneas, phakic intraocular lens implantation offers an alternative.

Globally, over 40 million LASIK procedures were performed from 1991 to 2016.


Hell's Greatest Dad

"Hell's Greatest Dad" is a song from the American television series "Hazbin Hotel". "Hazbin Hotel" is an adult animated musical comedy. The song is sung primarily by Lucifer Morningstar (voiced by Jeremy Jordan) and Alastor (voiced by Amir Talai). It also has additional parts by Kimiko Glenn and Sarah Stiles.

Antoinette Gillou

Antoinette Marie Jeanne Gillou-Gentien (born 19 January 1883 – 16 February 1949) also known as Gilou was a French tennis player.

At the 1900 Summer Olympics she competed in the mixed doubles event with Pierre Verdé-Delisle. . They lost to Hedwiga Rosenbaumová and Archibald Warden, and were eliminated before the semi-finals. Gillou also entered for the singles event at the 1908 Summer Olympics but did not start. 

Her sister was tennis player Katie Gillou who won multiple French singles titles. Her brother Pierre Gillou was also a tennis player. 

Gillou married to Paul Gentien in May 1904. Their son, Antoine Gentien also became a tennis player between 1921 and 1951. 

Gillou died in Paris on 16 February 1949, aged 66.

Attention (Charlie Puth song)

"Attention" is a 2017 song by Charlie Puth and is the lead single from his second studio album "Voicenotes" (2018). It topped the single charts in Israel and made the top 10 in Australia, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Ecuador, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Portugal, Slovakia, South Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.









One Call Away

"One Call Away" is a 2015 song by Charlie Puth and is the second single from his debut studio album "Nine Track Mind" (2016). It went to number 3 in Australia and New Zealand, number 4 in Lebanon and Slovakia, number 5 in South Africa, number 8 in Austria, number 10 in Switzerland, number 12 in Belgium and the United States, number 13 in Denmark, number 15 in Canada, number 21 in Sweden, number 24 in the Netherlands, number 26 in Portugal and the United Kingdom and number 30 in Germany.

Tysen Knight

Tysen Knight is an African-American pop urban artist. Tysen is well known for his street art, drawing inspiration from Buddha's teaching and pop art sense.

Tysen is an international artist, muralist, and an award-winning filmmaker. He has a documentary titled "The Art of Hustle: Street Art Documentary" which won the Best Feature Film Award 2018 at the Oregon Documentary Film Festival. Tysen was also an Artist Educator-in-residence for the Palm Springs Art Museum.

In 2018, Tysen partnered with the Palm Spring Unified School District and the Boys Art Mentorship (BAM) program in California.

Tysen Knight Scholarship Fund established by Tysen, Tysen Knight Scholarship Fund is a self supported initiative aimed at assisting high school students intending to pursue education and careers in the arts.

Lucifer (TV series)

Lucifer is a television show about Lucifer Morningstar working with a female detective named Chloe to solve crimes. It stars Tom Ellis.

Uncanny

The Uncanny is something which is scary because of how normal it seems.

The German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling talked about the Uncanny.Friedrich Nietzsche also wrote about The Uncanny. He said Nihilism was uncanny. Ernst Jentch wrote that the Uncanny was a feeling that you weren’t sure what was real. Jentch said The Sandman was the best example of this because Olympia is an automaton but for most of the story people think she’s human. 

Sigmund Freud said The Uncanny is what everyone wants to be a secret but ends up becoming known and reminds people of their Id. Freud said that The Sandman was the best example of this. He also said that a lot of mental disorders were because of someone feeling something uncanny. Jacques Lacan had a similar idea about the Uncanny, though it was based on Freud. 

Masahiro Mori came up with the idea of The Uncanny Valley based on Freud’s idea. 
Blown Away (Carrie Underwood song)

"Blown Away" is a 2012 song by country singer Carrie Underwood and is the title track to her fourth studio album "Blown Away". It went to number 20 in the United States, number 155 in the United Kingdom, number 100 in Scotland and number 20 in Canada. It also went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 1 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks. It won 2 Grammys in 2013.

Navicular bone

The navicular is a wedge-shaped bone that articulates with five tarsal bones (talus, cuboid, and three cuneiform bones) forming syndesmotic joints. It is located in the midfoot together with the cuboid and three cuneiform bones.

Francis Glebas

Francis Glebas (born April 12, 1952) is an American keynote speaker, writer, movie director, storyboard artist, and teacher. He worked in movies such as "Aladdin", "The Lion King", "Pocahontas", "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", "Dinosaur", "Hercules", "Treasure Planet", "Fantasia 2000", "Piglet's Big Movie", "Space Chimps", "Rio", and "".

He has taught and consulted on animation, story, storytelling and storyboarding at the New York Institute of Technology, University of California, Los Angeles, Gnomon School of Visual Effects, and Walt Disney Imagineering.

He has given Keynote speeches at TMRE 2016, CalArts 2016, Gnomon School of Visual Effects 2017.



SwitchBot

SwitchBot is a technology company headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Operating in the IoT industry, SwitchBot offers smart home products, and devices for home automation, security, outdoor environments, lighting, home energy, and home cleaning.

SwitchBot's product line includes smart switches, curtains, meters, locks, and other devices that can be controlled using smartphones or voice commands. The brand's product line has expanded to include smart locks, solar panels, and other devices that can be controlled using smartphones or voice commands. SwitchBot products integrate with Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, Google Assistant, Samsung SmartThings, IFTTT, and Clova. 

2014 Isla Vista killings

The 2014 Isla Vista killings were two hate attacks against women in Isla Vista, California. On the night of May 23, 22-year-old Elliot Rodger killed six people and hurt fourteen others using guns, knives, and a car near the University of California, Santa Barbara. After the murders, he committed suicide, shooting himself in the head. 

Rodger first killed three men in his apartment, attacking them by surprise and stabbing them one at a time as they arrived. About three hours later, he drove to the Alpha Phi sorority house, attempting to get in. Unable to enter, Rodger then shot three women outside the sorority house, killing two. He then drove to a nearby deli and shot and killed a male student inside. After that, Rodger drove around Isla Vista, shooting at people walking and hitting others with his car. He shot back at the police twice and got shot in the hip. He later crashed his car into a parked vehicle. As police went around the vehicle, they found Rodger dead from a self-caused gunshot wound to his head.

Before going to the sorority house, Rodger posted a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution." In the video, he talked about his plan to attack the University and why he was doing it. He stated that he wanted to "punish" women for not liking him back and men who were sexually active because he was jealous of them. He also sent a long document titled "My Twisted World: The Story of Elliot Rodger" that told his life story to friends, his therapist, and family members. This document was also shared online and became known as his "manifesto." In it, he talked about his life, family problems, being upset about not having a girlfriend, his dislike for women, his negative feelings towards interracial couples, and his plans for what he called "retribution."

On May 23, 2014, Elliot Rodger, carrying 6- and 8-inch "SRK" and nine-inch boar hunting knife, first attacked his roommate, 20-year-old Weihan "David" Wang, when Wang came back to their apartment. Wang tried to defend himself but was stabbed 15 times. Rodger then attacked his other roommate, 20-year-old Cheng Yuan "James" Hong, who showed up later, stabbing him 25 times as Hong tried to protect himself. Rodger dragged Wang and Hong's bodies in a bedroom and hid them in blanket, towel and clothing. The last person to arrive at the apartment was 19-year-old George Chen, a friend of Wang and Hong. Chen was also attacked by Rodger and was stabbed 94 times as he attempted to defend himself. Chen's body was left in a bathroom. Blood on the walls and blood-soaked paper towels showed that Rodger tried to clean the apartment's hallways and hide signs of the earlier stabbings as each victim entered the apartment. 
After killing the three men, between a three hour time frame, Rodger changed out of his clothes that were drenched in blood and then went to Starbucks, where he bought a triple-vanilla latte. Less than two hours after his Starbucks visit, he uploaded a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution" and emailed a 137-page document called “My Twisted World” to 34 people, including his parents, friends, and therapists. His mother, Li Chin Rodger, was alerted by a call from her son's therapist Gavin Linderman to check an email he sent. After seeing his manifesto and finding the "Retribution" video online, she and Rodger's father, Peter Rodger, rushed towards the University while contacting the police. Rodger first went to the Alpha Phi sorority house, where he tried to get inside by knocking on the door for three minutes. Unable to enter, he returned to his car and, from an open window, shot at three members of the Tri Delta sorority who were walking back to their sorority house. The victims were 19-year-old Veronika Weiss, 22-year-old Katherine Cooper, and 20-year-old Bianca DeKock. Weiss and Cooper died from their injuries, while DeKock, bleeding and calling her mother, was helped by a deputy who put pressure to her wounds. A bystander continued to give first aid to DeKock when the deputy left to join the chase for Rodger. 

After leaving the sorority house, Rodger made a three-point turn in a driveway on Pardall Road. As he drove past a coffee shop on Pardall, he fired a shot into it, but the shop was closed. Next, he went to the IV Deli Mart, where he began shooting at people nearby. As 20-year-old Christopher Michaels-Martinez looked to see Rodger's car from the store's entrance, he was shot in the chest, causing injuries to his liver and right ventricle of his heart. Michaels-Martinez entered the deli and fell to the floor. A 19-year-old woman attempted CPR but Michaels-Martinez had immediately died from his injuries. Rodger fired more shots into the deli, breaking windows while people inside tried to find cover. Rodger then continued driving, hitting a man with his car, causing him to be thrown into the air. Driving on the wrong side of the street, he hit another pedestrian and fired at two people on the sidewalk but missed them. He shot a couple leaving a pizzeria and a female cyclist. After turning onto several streets, Rodger exchanged gunfire with a sheriff's deputy and hit two pedestrians. Rodger shot and injured three people on Sabado Tarde Street, hit a skateboarder and two cyclists with his car, and then shot two other men at another intersection. 

Near the intersection of El Embarcadero and Sabado Tarde, he had a shootout with three sheriff's deputies and got shot in the hip. Trying to escape the police, he turned onto several streets, hitting another cyclist who tumbled and damaged the car's windshield. Rodger eventually crashed his car into several other vehicles. As police surrounded the car, they mistakenly handcuffed the cyclist, thinking he might be a second suspect. They soon realized the cyclist was actually a victim, not involved in the attacks, and provided him with medical care. The police looked in the car and found Rodger dead from a self-inflected gunshot wound to the head. In Rodger's car, the police found a Glock 34 handgun, two SIG Sauer P226 handguns, 500 additional rounds of live ammunition, and two knives. The entire shooting spree lasted for eight minutes, during which Rodger fired about 55 9mm rounds. The attacks resulted in seven people's deaths and 14 others being injured. 

About three hours after the shooting, deputies searched Rodger's apartment and discovered it was a mess. Along with the three bodies of Rodger's roommates and their friend, police discovered slashes and stab marks on Rodger's bed sheets and pillows, leading them to believe that he practiced stabbing on them before he attacked and killed the three men. They also found a folding knife, a "zombie killer" knife with a 10-inch blade, an 18-inch blade machete, a hammer, knives, and empty ammunition boxes. They also came across a hand-drawn picture of someone being stabbed and a printed version of Rodger's 137-page manifesto. Additionally, they found his laptop opened to YouTube, showing that he had just uploaded his “Retribution" video, and a handwritten journal that was open to a page dated May 23, 2014, which read:

In an interview, Wang's parents said their son wanted to move out because Rodger wasn't very social. He complained to the building manager that Rodger would play loud music in the middle of the night. Wang found a new apartment and had planned to move there with his friends for the next semester. Students and community came together at Anisq'Oyo Park in Isla Vista on the night of May 24 for a candlelight gathering to remember the victims. Three days later, on May 27, over 20,000 people attended a memorial at the University's Harder Stadium. During the memorial, Michaels-Martinez's dad, Richard Martinez, spoke about his son and repeatedly yelled, "Not one more!"

Rodger faced mental health challenges from a young age but was never hospitalized for mental illness. He had difficulty in social situations, often cried in crowds, and displayed repetitive behaviors. In 2007, he was diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified, an autism spectrum disorder that causes significant social developmental challenges. Rodger struggled with managing anger towards his peers who he felt were leading better lives. At 15, he was prescribed Xanax and Prozac, and later started taking Paxil. He found the medication made him drowsy and preferred to rely on positive thinking to manage his shyness. Rodger had issues with anger and jealousy. He had trouble with his social skills, seeking help from three counselors in Santa Barbara, attending about 29 sessions from May 2013 to May 2014, in addition to meeting with a life coach in Los Angeles.

Due to Rodger's ongoing anger towards couples and his struggles with trying to fit in, it was suggested that he be put into a residential treatment program which would provide him with daily individual therapy, group therapy, and training to help with his social skills. In 2013, when asked how he dealt with his anger towards his peers, who he believed were living better lives than him, Rodger responded that he "just holds it all in." In the months leading up to the shooting, he starting taking Xanax to help with anxiety. Dale Launer, a family friend, mentioned he gave Rodger advice on how to approach women, but Rodger did not take his advice. Launer also recalled that when he first met Rodger at the age of eight or nine, he could already sense that something was not right with him.

While Peter Rodger and his wife, along with Li Chin, drove separately, Peter kept calling his son's phone, trying to reach him. Both parents were also in communication with the sheriff's department over their phones. As they approached their son's neighborhood, they were instructed to wait in a nearby Home Depot parking lot for further information. It was there that the sheriff notified them their son had been found dead, confirmed by his license. Devastated by the news of their son's death, his parents thought he was a victim and were unaware that he was the killer until hours later when they saw reports on the internet. Authorities and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives executed search warrants at the houses of Rodger's parents, initially visiting his father's home in Woodland Hills. Subsequently, they conducted a search at his mother's house in West Hills. Following these events, Rodger's family faced several death threats that forced them to move every two days. 

In June 2014, during an interview with Barbara Walters, Peter shared that he initially believed his son was a victim in the tragic event, not the perpetrator. He explained that despite his son's long history of social difficulties and years of therapy, he never envisioned him capable of such violence. Peter acknowledged his son's distress over being a virgin and even considered taking him to Las Vegas to lose his virginity, a proposal Elliot rejected. He also mentioned getting mad at his son after finding out about his involvement with misogynistic online forums. Peter described his son as being really good at hiding his true state of mind and expressed deep regret for the agony inflicted on the victims' families.

In February 2012, after being unable to find a girlfriend, Rodger mentioned in his manifesto that the "Day of Retribution" became a possibility. He became fixated on winning the lottery as he believed it was the only way for him to lose his virginity due to the wealth he would acquire. By June 2012, Rodger wrote that winning The Mega Millions lottery jackpot was the only way in which he would not carry out his planned "Day of Retribution." When he did not win the jackpot in September 2012, he visited a gun range in Oxnard, California. Starting in November 2012, Rodger made several trips from California to Arizona to buy tickets for the Powerball jackpot, but after failing to win, he began to actively plan his attack. His first purchase was a Glock 34 semiautomatic pistol, which he bought $700 in December 2012. In spring 2013, he bought an Sig Sauer P226 for $1,100. He saved up $5,000 for the supplies needed for the attack, and was able to buy another Sig Sauer P226 in 2014. He funded his weapon purchases with money he had saved from gifts from his grandparents and the $500 monthly allowance his father sent him.

In August 2013, Rodger decided to delay his planned attack until Spring 2014. By January 2014, he had chosen April 26, 2014, as the new date for his attack. Rodger initially planned to carry out his attack on Halloween in 2013 but decided against it, thinking there would be too many police officers around at that time. He also thought about launching his attack on Valentine's Day and during Deltopia, a spring break event that attracts thousands of young people to Isla Vista in early April. However, he decided against these dates too, concerned about the high presence of police and realizing he needed more time to prepare for the attack. In his manifesto, Rodger expressed a desire to kill his six-year-old stepbrother, fearing he would grow up to be more popular with girls than him. He also wanted to kill his stepmother because he disliked her. Rodger planned to carry out these murders while his father was away on a business trip, concerned he might have to kill his father too if his plans were discovered. However, on April 24, Rodger fell ill with a cold, which led him to postpone his attack to May 24, 2014.

Rodger created and emailed a 137 page 107,000-word manifesto called "My Twisted World: The Story of Elliot Rodger" to 34 people, including his parents, former teachers, childhood friends, and therapists. Rodger's manifesto starts as a story of his life, where he expresses his anger towards women and his views on why he felt treated unfairly by life. As the manifesto progresses, Rodger details his plan for his "Day of Retribution," divided into three parts. The first part involved killing his roommates and any other people he could bring to his apartment. The second part, which he called the "War on Women," was where he intended to kill as many women as he could inside the Alpha Phi sorority house. In the final part, Rodger planned to drive around Isla Vista, shooting and hitting as many people with his car. Rodger's father was aware that he had been writing something, but Rodger refused to show him it. On a hike they took together before the attacks, Rodger's father expressed interest on what he was writing and asked if he could send it to him. Rodger brushed off the request, assuring him that he would share it in due time.

Rodger posted about 22 videos on YouTube, expressing frustrations over his inability to get a girlfriend and his views on life, with titles like “Why do girls hate me so much?”, “Life is so unfair because girls don't want me”, and “My reaction to seeing a young couple at the beach, Envy”. Other videos included Rodger driving while listening to music. Shortly before the attacks, one of his videos caught attention on Reddit's “cringe” forum, where a user commented that Rodger gave off a "strong Patrick Bateman vibe," suggesting he seemed like a serial killer. Minutes before starting his attack on Isla Vista, Rodger uploaded his "Retribution" video to YouTube. In the video, Rodger is seen sitting in his BMW during a sunset, reciting scripted lines and letting out fake laughs. Rodger explained in the video that he was frustrated that he was still a virgin at 22 and wanting to be loved by a woman:

Rodger often visited online forums like ForeverAlone and PUAHate, where men who felt unsuccessful with women shared their frustrations, criticized each other, spoke negatively about women, and criticized pick-up artists. On these forums, Rodger and others made statements against women and Rodger described himself as an "Incel," which stands for involuntarily celibate. This term is used in an online community where members talk about their struggles to find a romantic or sexual partner. Rodger expressed racist views in his posts, including mocking an Asian man trying to date a white girl and stating it was “rage-inducing” to see a “black guy chilling with 4 hot white girls.” Rodger's online activities included numerous searches related to Nazis, such as researching Joseph Goebbels and Heinrich Himmler, and looking up topics like "Did Adolf Hitler have a girlfriend" and "Nazi anime." He also searched for information on "modern torture devices" and "Spanish Inquisition torture devices." In the days leading up to the attack, he visited websites like anxietyzone.com and bodybuilding.com. On the day of his attacks, Rodger looked up pornography and searched online for "quiet silent kill with a knife" and "how to kill someone with a knife," indicating he was searching on how to kill his two roommates and their friend before they arrived.

Several news networks chose to limit the airing of Rodger's "Retribution" video due to concerns that it might inspire similar crimes. After the murders, the PUAHate forum was taken off the internet completely. Then, on May 27, 2014, YouTube decided to take down Rodger's "Retribution" video because it broke their rules by showing a threat of violence. Some experts said that taking down the video would cause it to be shared even more across the internet. Mahbod Moghadam, one of the founders of Genius.com, stepped down from his position after he faced backlash for making comments on Genius.com about Rodger's manifesto. He had called the manifesto "beautifully written," which led to negative media attention.

In the aftermath of the attacks, men on social media and in the comments on Rodger's YouTube videos, empathized with Rodger's views and difficulties. Some comments implied that Rodger's challenges could have been changed if he had visited a prostitute, while others suggested that being ignored by women was a valid reason for committing murder. A Facebook page named "Elliot Rodger Is an American Hero" was created, calling on men to share their thoughts and pay tribute to Rodger for what was described as his "ultimate sacrifice in the struggle against feminazi ideology." The page also shared Rodger's "Retribution" video, with several commentators expressing support for his quest for vengeance against women. Activists reported the page for promoting hate speech, harassment, and violence, and initiated a campaign on Twitter encouraging others to report the page to Facebook. Facebook's response was that the page did not infringe upon its community standards, leading to widespread criticism as evidenced by the sharing of Facebook's responses on Twitter. Ultimately, the page was deactivated, with Facebook citing its Statement of Rights and Responsibilities as the rationale for this decision.

Rodger's actions have sparked numerous memes, including one that features his face edited into a religious painting. On forums like 4chan and Reddit, some users revere him as a "saint" and celebrate "Saint Elliot Day" every anniversary of his attacks. Additionally, men posted tribute songs, and others have created and distributed t-shirts with Rodger's image, with one man creating videos to unbox the t-shirts. On some Incel forums, discussions about committing violence against women and men perceived as sexually successful are referred as "chads." The Isla Vista killings brought the Incel community into the mainstream, with it having been praised by young men around the world who identify as Incels, believing themselves unable to get a girlfriend and that they deserved sex. It's common to see references to "E.R." in these forums, and acts of violence by Incels are often described as "going E.R." Moreover, Rodger has been mentioned by individuals responsible for or suspected in other mass killings. For example, on April 23, 2018, 25-year-old Alek Minassian killed 11 people and injured 15 others in Toronto, Canada, by driving a van through the city. Before his attack, Minassian posted on his Facebook profile:

Following the misogynistic nature of Rodger's crimes and the identification of his hatred for women as a motivating factor, some Twitter users employed the hashtag #NotAllMen to express that "not all men" behave in such a manner or would commit similar acts. Other users believed the attacks were not misogynistic because Rodger killed more men than women. However, this hashtag faced criticism for potentially diverting attention away from the broader issue of violence against women. In a bid to shift the focus back to the systemic issues of misogyny and sexism experienced by women, two Twitter users introduced the hashtag #YesAllWomen, highlighting that all women endure sexism and misogyny. Within just four days of its inception, the #YesAllWomen hashtag had been used 1.2 million times on Twitter, quickly eclipsing previous hashtags that aimed to spotlight violence and sexism against women.

On July 20, 2013, Rodger, wanting to lose his virginity days before his 22nd birthday, drank vodka to become drunk. He went to a party hoping to talk to girls. Unable to talk to girls, Rodger became angry and climbed onto a 10-foot ledge and pretended to shoot people at the party with his finger. He then tried to push several women off the ledge, but a group of men stopped him by pushing him off instead, causing him to break his ankle. After the fall, Rodger went back toward the party to look for his sunglasses but was so drunk that he ended up getting into another altercation in front of a different house. The day after, two sheriff's deputies visited him in the hospital to ask about the fights. Rodger told them he had been pushed off the ledge after calling someone "ugly" and claimed that after the fight, he walked to a nearby front yard and sat down in a chair. He stated that he was attacked by about 10 men who kicked and punched him. Rodger was hurt on his arms, elbows, hands, face, and left ankle. He told police he did not know why he was attacked or called names. He also said he did not call the police because he did not know who to call. A deputy noted that Rodger was too "timid" and "shy" to say what really happened. A witness said a man like Rodger began the fight by trying to push two women off a ledge. They didn't fall, but Rodger tried to push two more before he jumped off the ledge and ran. The witness noted Rodger was alone, acted oddly, and wasn't talking to anyone at the party. After arriving at his apartment, a neighbor observed Rodger returning home in tears, swearing to kill those who attacked him and contemplated suicide. Rodger disclosed in his manifesto that this event was the decisive moment that propelled him to finalize his plans for the attack. The sheriff's office concluded Rodger had started the fight, and the investigation was closed without further action. They did not arrest Rodger or interrogate him further. 

On January 15, 2014, Rodger had a fight with Hong after accusing him of stealing three candles worth $22. Rodger placed Hong under a citizen's arrest. When police arrived Hong explained he thought Rodger stole his items, including a rice bowl. Rodger denied the claims. Refusing to return the candles, Hong was arrested and later faced a petty theft charge, for which he was fined and released. Following Hong's murder, the District Attorney, Joyce E. Dudley, filed a motion to dismiss the theft charge, which was subsequently granted. On April 30, 2014, Rodger's mother, worried because she hadn't heard from her son in four days and alarmed by the videos he had posted online, reached out to his therapist. The therapist then contacted a mental health professional, who requested a welfare check on Rodger. Responding to the request, four sheriff's deputies, a university police officer, and a dispatcher in training visited Rodger's apartment. Rodger explained that the videos were his way of expressing his social difficulties in Isla Vista. The officers concluded that Rodger did not pose an immediate risk to himself or others, making him ineligible for involuntary hold. Before they left, a deputy called Rodger's mother to update her and handed the phone to Rodger, who reassured her he was alright and would call her later. The deputies also provided Rodger with information on local support services. In his manifesto, Rodger mentioned that the visit from the deputies forced him to remove most of his videos from YouTube in case of being caught. However, in the week leading up to the attacks, he re-posted them.

The attacks reignited debates over gun control and the need for enhancements in the healthcare system in the United States. Sheriff Bill Brown of Santa Barbara County blamed Rodger's actions and the subsequent attacks to shortcomings in the mental health treatment system. He pointed out a widespread shortfall in resources for community mental health care and criticized the inadequate communication from healthcare professionals regarding individuals who exhibit suicidal or homicidal thoughts. Several legislators in California demanded an investigation of the interaction between deputies and Rodger on April 30, during which records in the California gun ownership database already showed Rodger's purchase of at least two handguns. The deputies did not consult this database, nor did they examine the YouTube videos that led Rodger's parents to reach out to them. Subsequently, the Sheriff's Office concluded that the responding deputies followed all rules and conducted themselves professionally, in alignment with both state law and departmental guidelines. Despite California being one of the most strict states in the United States with gun laws, Rodger, who depsite having undergone several years of psychiatric treatment, passed all necessary background checks. Because he had neither been institutionalized for mental health issues nor possessed a criminal history, he was able to purchase all three firearms. In California, at the time, undergoing mental health treatment did not disqualify people for applying for firearms. Furthermore, even when Rodger's parents alerted the police to his threats on YouTube, the absence of an immediate threat meant the police lacked the authority to search his apartment, search the gun registry, or confiscate any firearms without a warrant based on probable cause. 

Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal from Connecticut advocated for the reinstatement of gun-control measures previously declined by Congress following the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting, suggesting such legislation might have prevented the shooting spree. Blumenthal emphasized the necessity to refocus gun-control initiatives around mental health issues, highlighting the urgent need for enhanced resources to support individuals with mental illnesses. In his address, Michaels-Martinez's father attributed the attacks to the "craven, irresponsible" actions of politicians and the National Rifle Association (NRA), accusing the NRA of prioritizing gun rights above public safety. Subsequently, Martinez said he wanted members of Congress to stop calling him to offer condolences for his son's death and appealed to the public to unite with him in "demanding immediate action" on gun control from Congress members. Additionally, he extended his sympathies towards the parents of Rodger. Timothy F. Murphy, a Pennsylvania Representative and clinical psychologist, presented his bipartisan mental health reform as a solution and called on Congress to enact it. Santa Barbara Assemblymembers Das Williams and Nancy Skinner introduced legislation that would allow law enforcement, close relatives, or housemates to request a court order for the confiscation of firearms from individuals deemed a serious risk to themselves or others. Concurrently, State Senator Hannah-Beth Jackson proposed a bill enforcing officers consult a state firearms registry during assessments of potential threats to personal or public safety. Jackson's bill received unanimous Senate approval in August 2014. While Williams and Skinner's bill successfully passed through both legislative chambers, it faced opposition from the National Rifle Association and other groups advocating for Second Amendment rights, who launched statewide robo-call campaigns against it. Williams highlighted the external origin of the calls and maintained that the legislation received significant bipartisan support. Governor Jerry Brown ultimately signed both bills into law in September 2014. 

In March 2015, Hong, Wang, and Chen's parents filed a civil rights lawsuit against Santa Barbara County, the Sheriff's department, Capri Apartments, and the property management company claiming negligence and breaches of the victims' constitutional right to due process. They claimed that since Rodger moved into the Capri Apartments in 2011, he insulted and fought with a lot of his roommates and displayed odd behavior, but the apartment owners failed to conduct reasonable background checks before assigning Hong and Wang as his roommates and failed to warn them that Rodger had had serious conflicts with his previous roommates. They also contended that the county and its Sheriff's Department violated their rights to due process by ignoring repeated "red flags" that Rodger was violent and unstable, even after a mental health worker saw YouTube videos that Rodger had posted and contacted authorities to say that Rodger appeared to be a danger to himself and others. 

U.S. District Judge John Walter removed Santa Barbara County and the Sheriff's department from the lawsuit on October 28, 2015, determining that the county had not infringed upon their constitutional rights under federal law and that the Sheriff's department did not act neglectfully, nor did their procedures or guidelines contribute to the harm they suffered. The judge concluded that the victim's parents failed to sufficiently demonstrate a violation of their due process rights, and although the judge dismissed the state-law claims within the lawsuit, he allowed for the claims to be re-submitted. The victim's parents proceeded to file their claims again on November 20, 2015. Capri Apartments and and the property management company sought to have the lawsuit dismissed, but their motion was denied in February 2017. By May 2017, a trial date was scheduled for September 15 of the same year. The lawsuit was later settled nearly a week and a half before the trial was to start. Despite the property management company's denial of a settlement, Patrick McNicholas, an attorney for the victim's parents, claimed a settlement of $20 million was reached.

In June 2015, the cyclist who was struck by Rodger's vehicle and subsequently handcuffed filed a civil lawsuit against Santa Barbara County, Rodger's parents, and the University of California Santa Barbara, citing negligence, false imprisonment, and civil rights infringements. The lawsuit contended that both campus police and the Santa Barbara Sheriff's Department did not adequately investigate Rodger despite his release of several YouTube videos indicating his potential threat to others. Additionally, it was argued that Rodger's parents were negligent in allowing their mentally unstable son access to a BMW.

Church Bells (song)

"Church Bells" is a 2016 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her fifth studio album "Storyteller". It went to number 43 in the United States and number 64 in Canada. It also went to number 2 on both the country charts in the United States and Canada. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2017.


The Spirit of Radio

"The Spirit of Radio" is a 1980 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album "Permanent Waves" and went to number 51 in the United States, number 13 in the United Kingdom and number 22 in Canada. It has became one of their best known singles and was a concert staple.

Bad Bramstedt

Bad Bramstedt (known before as Bramstedt) is a town in the Segeberg district. Around 15.000 people live here.

Norderstedt

Norderstedt is the largest city in the Segeberg district. It is the fourth-largest city in Schleswig-Holstein. It is also known for being very close to Hamburg, the second-largest city in Germany. The city was created in 1970 with the unification of smaller towns. The most known person from Norderstedt is Uwe Seeler, a footballer.

Norderstedt was formed with the unification of the towns Friedrichsgabe, Garstedt, Glashütte and Harksheide on 1 January 1970.

Hamburg's train line U1 has multiple stations in the city. Norderstedt Mitte, Richtweg and Garstedt. Norderstedt also has its own train line, the Alster Northern Railway. It stops at the stations Norderstedt Mitte, Moorbekhalle, Friedrichsgabe, Quickborner Straße, Haslohfurth,Meeschensee and Ulzburg Süd. Ulzburg Süd is not in Norderstedt, but still is part of the line.

The Bundesautobahn 7 also goes through the city.

Natural (music)

In Western musical notation, musical notes are are written as dots on a staff or stave.

By default, the notes written are the "natural" notes - the white keys on a piano. Notes that are not "natural" are sometimes called "accidental[s]".

The key signature tells the players (I include singers etc here) which notes are to be played as sharp of flat (usually the black keys on a piano). If the composer wishes players to play the note differently - as a sharp, flat, or natural note (or indeed, double or triple sharp or flat), symbols are used before the note to indicate this. 

If the notes are preceded by a sharp symbol (♯), it means they should be played a semitone higher. This continues until the end of the bar or a change to the key signature.

If the notes are preceded by a flat symbol (♭), it means they should be played a semitone higher. This continues until the end of the bar or a change to the key signature.

If the note would be played as an accidental, a natural symbol (♮) may be used to indicate that it should be played as a natural note. The Unicode character MUSIC NATURAL SIGN '♮' (U+266E) should display as a natural sign. Its HTML entity is &#9838; . Again, this continues until the end of the bar or a change to the key signature. 


Hamburg U-Bahn

The Hamburg U-Bahn is the Subway system of Hamburg. It has 4 lines, 2 train types and 93 stations. It exists since 1912. 



Philippe Jamet

Philippe Jamet (born 12 May 1961) is a French manager and President of universities. He is the current Director of the technological department of the IONIS Education Group, the first group in France for private higher education.

Jamet graduated from "École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris". He also graduated from Pierre and Marie Curie University with a Doctor of Philosophy degree. He has a career in hydrology.
In 1987, he moved to higher education by joining "Mines Paris - PSL" as Professor-Researcher.
Then, he became CEO of "École nationale supérieure des mines de Saint-Étienne" in 2008 before joining IONIS Education Group in 2024.

Winged hussars

The Polish hussars or Winged hussar's were the horse mounted soldiers in the Polish army used from the 16th to 18th centuries. The hussars started as Serbian mercenaries. Winged hussars were famous for their ability to win when outnumbered. In the 17th century they were useful against any enemy they were put against. Most of them came from noble families. Service in the winged hussars was voluntary. The early success they had made the morale (will to fight) of the winged hussars very high. They were seen in Poland as having protection from the heavens.

Training at an early age. They, along with the horses they rode, went through large amounts of training. Winged hussars were well off nobles (rich mostly because of how valuable horses were. An example of this is that the punishment for selling a horse to another country in Poland was death. Hussars were put into formations (groups) of around 300.

When winged hussars were in battle they would initially charge at a distance from each other. This made them harder to hit with guns and other ranged weapons. Being spaced out also made it easily to cancel the charge. They had very long lances - around 6 metres, much longer than the pikes used by infantry. They also used sabres. When they were about to hit the enemy army the hussars would close in next to each other.They closed in very tightly with the gap between one shoulder to the next described as being no more than the horses width. This made sure there was no gaps in the charge that the enemy could use. While close together in tight formation however they were easier to hit with guns. For this reason they would save closing in together for last. After they broke through the enemy's lines they would turn around for another charge if needed. This way of attacking was useful against any enemy the winged hussars would face up to the 18th century.

Winged hussars declined in the 18th century when guns became more accurate and powerful. Hussars also began to lose their will to fight when Poland fought on both sides of the Great Northern War.

Masahiro Mori

Masahiro Mori is a Japanese engineer who builds a lot of robots. He and his students built Honda’s robot called Asimo.

Masahiro Mori, based on Freud’s ideas about The Uncanny came up with the idea of The Uncanny Valley which is that the more robots look like people, the more the small differences will make them look creepy. 

In 1974, Mori wrote a book about why he believed it was possible for robots to become Buddhas. 
Uncanny valley

The Uncanny Valley is a theory that Masahiro Mori had about robots and the Uncanny. The theory is that when robots start looking more human, people start to like them better until they look almost completely human and become scary but that they can eventually get to the point where people can’t tell they aren’t human and then people go back to liking them better.

Watermelon Sugar

"Watermelon Sugar" is a 2020 song by Harry Styles. It is from his second studio album "Fine Line" (2019) and was inspired by the American novel "In Watermelon Sugar" (1968) by Richard Brautigan. The song was later released on 18 May 2020 as the album's fourth single. It peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and went to the top 10 single charts in many countries around the world, including Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 2021.

The music video was released on 18 May 2020. It was directed by Bradley & Pablo and filmed in Malibu, California. It features Styles dances on a beach, together with models.


Massimo De Ambrosis

Massimo De Ambrosis (born 1964 in Milan) is an italian voice actor known for TV roles and Leorio in Hunter × Hunter.
His father Luciano De Ambrosis is an actor and voice actor as well.

DJ Many

DJ Many, (born August 6th, 1993), is a DJ and musician from St. Croix, Virgin Islands. He became famous for his collaboration on the song "I Can Tobuscus]] and rock band TeraBrite.

DJ Many began his music career around 2010 by collaborating with , introducing dancehall music to YouTube. His first upload featured a Delly Ranx riddim.

In 2012, he teamed up with Sleepy Brown for the song "We Run The Night."

A significant moment in DJ Many's career came in 2016 when he collaborated with Donny Osmond on the track "Know." He reached out to Osmond via Twitter to propose the collaboration, which Osmond agreed to.

However, DJ Many's breakthrough came in 2023 with the release of "I Can Swing My Sword!" in collaboration with YouTuber Tobuscus and rock band TeraBrite. Originally shared on YouTube, the song gained millions of views and later earned RIAA Gold Certification for selling 500,000 units in the US.


Bonndorf im Schwarzwald

Bonndorf im Schwarzwald is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dachsberg

Dachsberg is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dettighofen

Dettighofen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the border with the Swiss cantons of Schaffhausen and Zurich.

Eggingen

Eggingen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Görwihl

Görwihl is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Verdalle

Verdalle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Verdier

Le Verdier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viane

Viane is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vielmur-sur-Agout

Vielmur-sur-Agout is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Half-Life 2: Lost Coast

Half-Life 2: Lost Coast is a free bonus level that was cut from Half-Life 2. Because of this, it is considered non-canon. It is also very short, taking only about 15 minutes to complete.

Gordon Freeman wakes up on a beach. He meets an old fisherman, who says the evil Combine are shelling the nearby village of St. Olga from a church on a hill they’ve taken over. Gordon must climb the sheer cliff up to the church while avoiding Combine soldiers. When he gets to the church, he jams the gun and stops the shelling. The Combine then send in an assault on the church, after which Gordon must fight a boss in the form of a Combine helicopter. After shooting down the helicopter with a rocket launcher, he takes a makeshift elevator back down to the fisherman, who plans to celebrate with a “feast” of leeches. Before he can do so, it is implied that Gordon is teleported away to an unknown destination, ending the game.

STS-87

STS-87 was a Space Shuttle mission launched from Launch Complex 39B of the Kennedy Space Center on 19 November 1997. It was the 88th flight of the Space Shuttle and the 24th flight of Columbia. The mission goals were to conduct experiments using the United States Microgravity Payload (USMP-4), conduct two Extravehicular activities, and deploy the SPARTAN-201 experiment. This mission marked the first time an EVA was performed from Columbia. An EVA from Columbia was originally planned for STS-5 in 1982 but was cancelled due to spacesuit problems. It also marked the first EVA conducted by a Japanese astronaut, Takao Doi.

Vieux, Tarn

Vieux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vindrac-Alayrac

Vindrac-Alayrac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Vintrou

Le Vintrou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viterbe, Tarn

Viterbe is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viviers-lès-Lavaur

Viviers-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viviers-lès-Montagnes

Viviers-lès-Montagnes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy

Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy (; – 23 February 1945) was a Russian writer. Today, Tolstoy is mostly known for his books of fiction. He wrote many books set in historical times. He also wrote what is called science fiction today. In the 1920s he wrote about a trip to Mars. This story was later used for a movie. he also wrote children's books. He translated and adapted the well-known story of Pinocchio into Russian.

Grafenhausen

Grafenhausen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Häusern

Häusern is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

William Brand (architect)

Wilhelmus Johannes Maria (William) Brand (b. September 28, 1963) is a Dutch architect and artist. He graduated from the Utrecht School of Arts in The Netherlands.

In 1989, Brand founded together with Annet van Egmond the atelier "Brand van Egmond", creating lighting. The first light sculpture was the "Chandelier" made out of rusted steel and broken glass. In 1996, The Hollywood Collection was created and lit the Green Room of the Academy Awards. His work is commissioned to create lighting around the world, as in Beirut.

William is commissioned to create lighting installations for both residential as well as hospitality interiors. William's Brand van Egmond was selected by The Jeweller Chopard to create the lighting for their boutiques.

William's work has been exhibited in the museum Istanbul Modern, as part of the exhibition ""Day, Light, Night"."

In 2016, his work show at TEFAF.

Gilaki language

Gilaki (; ) is an Iranian language spoken in south of the Caspian Sea by the Gilak people. Gilaki language is closely related to Mazandarani. Both languages have similar vocabularies and share some features with Caucasian languages.

Herrischried

Herrischried is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Höchenschwand

Höchenschwand is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Ibach, Germany

Ibach is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bowman Gray Stadium

Bowman Gray Stadium is a NASCAR track in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The Winston-Salem State University Rams football team also plays there, in a stadium in the middle of the track.
The stadium was built in 1937, as part of a project to give workers jobs during the Great Depression. The stadium's first event, held in 1938, was a football game between Wake Forest College and Duke University.

ARCA Menards Series

The ARCA Menards Series is an American stock car racing series.

Menards

Menards is an American retail store chain based in Eau Clair, Wisconsin.

University of Antwerp

The University of Antwerp () is a university in Antwerp, Belgium. The university has about 20,000 students. It was founded in 2003.

University of Liège

The University of Liège () is a university in Liège, Belgium. The university was founded in 1817 by William I of the Netherlands. It has about 25,000 students.

Student loan

A student loan is money given to students to pay for their education. The student must return this money later, usually with interest. This loan may pay for tuition fees, books, supplies, or living expenses.

In some countries, college or university education is free, but in others, the price is very high. This means student loans are much more important in some countries than others.

If a student cannot pay for their education, they may also apply to get a scholarship.

Student loans may be given by state-owned or private companies. State-owned companies will sometimes pay all interest while the student is in school. This is called a subsidized loan.

The simplest type of loan is time based repayment, meaning a person must pay the same amount of money each month. Another type is income contingent loans, in which the amount of money to be paid depends on the person's income. This helps the recipient if they have no job, or their job doesn't pay enough.

Student debt is the money owed from student loans.

Polypedates discantus

The Malayan slender tree frog or Malayan whipping frog ("Polypedates mutus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand and Malaysia. People have seen it between 61 and 206 meters above sea level.

Scientists are not sure how this frog lives, but they have seen it in grass that grows close together near ponds that dry up for part of the year. They also saw the frogs on plants over the water. The scientists think the female frog lays eggs on these plants, and the tadpoles fall into the water.

The adult frog's skin is not grown into its skull. The adult male frog makes four different sounds.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests to grow palm oil plants may harm it.

People would sometimes sell this frog as pets or for people to eat. But because scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Polypedates leucomystax", they are not sure whether the frogs sold were "P. leucomystax" or "P. discantus".

Mickey Mouse universe

The Mickey Mouse universe is a made up universe which houses a lot of stories that involve Disney characters from their many cartoons. The main characters featured in their cartoons include which is the setting for stories involving Disney cartoon characters Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Donald and Daisy Duck, Pluto the pup and Goofy.

Mortimer is not a friend of Mickey Mouse. He was developed in the 1930’s.
Mortimer Mouse always says a certain phrase, which is “Ha Cha Cha".

World Bowls Championships

The World Bowls Championship is the most important world bowls competition between national bowls organisations.

The World Outdoor Bowls Championships were First held in Australia in 1966. They happen every four years. From 2008 the men's and women's events were held together. Qualifying national bowls organisations (usually countries) send a team of five players. They play once as a single and a four, then again as a pair and a triple. Gold, silver, and bronze medals are awarded and there is also a trophy for the best overall team — the Leonard Trophy for men and the Taylor Trophy for women. Northern Ireland & the Republic of Ireland compete as one combined Irish team.

World Indoor Bowls Championships

The World Indoor Bowls Championship is an international bowls competition held every year at Potters Resorts in Hopton on Sea. The competition was first held in 1979 in Coatbridge, Scotland as a men's singles only event. The first event was sponsored by Embassy Cigarettes. 

Republic of Yucatán

The Republic of Yucatán was a sovereign state during two periods of the nineteenth century. They joined the Mexican federation as the Federated Republic of Yucatán on December 23, 1823, less than seven months later. The second Republic of Yucatán began in 1841, with its declaration of independence from the Centralist Republic of Mexico after that they joined Mexico. The area of the former republic includes the modern Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche and Quintana Roo. It ended in 1848.
List of Presidents of the Republic of Yucatán

This is a list of every officeholders of the Republic of Yucatán

Francisco Antonio Tarrazo April 23, 1824-1825 (interim) 

Santiago Méndez August 22, 1840-June 2, 1844 

José Tiburcio López Constante June 2, 1844 – January 1, 1846

Domingo Barret January 21, 1847 – October 3, 1847

Miguel Barbachano y Tarrazo October 3, 1847-July 14, 1848

Hector (cloud)

Hector is a cluster of thunderstorms that forms every afternoon on the Tiwi Islands in Australia from September to March every year. The storms may reach up to . Hector is caused by sea breezes that collide against each other across the island, making many thunderstorms.
Hector was known for forming in the same area, which made it useful for pilots in World War II for navigation. 

Sukhoi T-4

The Sukhoi T-4 "Sotka" was a Soviet project to create a reconnaissance, anti-ship and bomber aircraft. Two prototypes were finished, and two more started. before the project was cancelled.

List of airports in North Macedonia

This is a list of airports in North Macedonia, grouped by type and sorted by location.

Airport names shown in bold indicate the facility has scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines.



Youth in Nigeria

Youth in Nigeria includes citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria aged 18-29 years, or more once considered by Muhammadu Buhari as "the driving force" behind the nation's socio-economic development.
Individuals in Nigeria can legally work when they are 18 years old. Data on youth employment in Nigeria are scarce due to under resourced agencies responsible for their collection. In 2012, 11.1 million youths in Nigeria were believed to be unemployed. In 2021, 23.2 million youths in Nigeria were believed to be unemployed.

In a recent report by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), it was revealed that as at March 2021, Nigeria unemployment rate had increased to 33.3% making it the second highest on the global list of unemployed countries.
Following a recession in Nigeria in 2016, Nigerian youths were advised in an interview conducted by Isaiah Ogedegbe "to be hardworking. The time has come for all Nigerian youths to remove their hands from crime and be diligent in business",

Taskmaster (character)

Taskmaster, better known as Anthony "Tony" Masters, is an antagonist in Marvel Comics. Created by writer David Michelinie and artist George Pérez, the character made his debut in "The Avengers" #195 (May 1980). He is a character who possesses the power to copy any fighting style or move that he observes. He is an extremely skilled mercenary, capable with virtually any weapon known to man. He most often carries a sword, shield, and bow and arrows, but also carries knives, guns, and many other weapons.

After he masters a fighting style, he sells it, teaching it to anyone for the right price. He most often gets his "merchandise" by watching videos of combatants, and copies them photogenically. He cannot, however, perform skills that require superhuman abilities, such as lifting a car or firing energy blasts. If he watches a fighting video in fast-motion, he can copy it at the same speed, granting him semi-superspeed in that instance.

Taskmaster serves as the archenemy of Ant-Man (Scott Lang) and a frequent opponent of Captain America, Black Widow, Spider-Man, and Deadpool, the latter of whom is the only person whose fighting maneuvers Taskmaster cannot replicate, due to his unpredictability.

The character has been adapted from the comics into various forms of media, including several animated television series and video games. A female version of Taskmaster named Antonia Dreykov appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Black Widow" (2021), portrayed by Olga Kurylenko. Kurylenko will reprise the role in the upcoming movie "Thunderbolts" (2025).

Half-Life 2: Episode One

Half-Life 2: Episode 1 is a 2006 first-person shooter game by Valve. It is the sequel to Half-Life 2. It is followed by "".

The game starts where Half-Life 2 ended, with the top of the Citadel in City 17 exploding. The Citadel was the headquarters of the evil Combine who rule Earth. The mysterious G-Man freezes time to rescue player character Gordon Freeman and his friend Alyx Vance. However the friendly Vortigaunt aliens are actually the ones to save them, which seems to annoy the G-Man for some unexplained reason.

Gordon wakes up in the rubble outside the Citadel and is rescued by Dog, Alyx’s robot protector. They contact their friends, Alyx’s father Eli and Dr. Kleiner. Kliener figures out that the Citadel reactor is going to explode and Gordon and Alyx need to slow the reaction so the people in City 17 have time to escape. They make their way back into the damaged Citadel to do this, then escape on an underground train. The train crashes and Gordon and Alyx are forced to find their way through a dark, zombie- filled tunnel network to reach the surface. Once there, they must escape through the ruins of City 17 by avoiding Combine troops and zombies. They reach a train station where they evacuate numerous refugees while fending off Combine attacks, and finally must fight a giant living weapon called a strider in the last boss fight. Gordon and Alyx board the last train out of the city just before the Citadel completely explodes. The blast hits their train and the game ends on a .

Blackout (Lilin)

Blackout is a demonic supervillain from the Marvel Comics. The character was created by Howard Mackie and Javier Saltares, and first appeared in "Ghost Rider" vol. 3 #2 (June 1990). He is a Lilian, a race of demon that are the spawns of the Mother of Demons, Lilith. He is an enemy of the Ghost Rider, notably Johnny Blaze and Danny Ketch.

A character named after Blackout is portrayed by Johnny Whitworth in the 2012 movie "".

Anya Corazon

Aña "Anya" Sofía Corazón is a fictional superheroine created by Marvel Comics, she made her first appearance on "Amazing Fantasy #1" (August 2004) and later makes many debuts on many other Marvel comic books (including the Spider-Man comics). She was created by Fiona Avery, Jaime Mendoza, Victor Olazaba and Mark Brooks.

She is the Latina daughter of a Puerto Rican father and a Mexican mother. Anya Corazón was known as the first Araña and then as the third Spider-Girl.

Anya Corazon / Spider-Girl made her cinematic debut in "" (2023), and is played by Isabela Merced in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU) movie "Madame Web" (2024).

Silk (character)

Silk (real name Cindy Moon) is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, appearing as a supporting character in the "Spider-Man" comics, and the main protagonist in her titular comics.

A genius with an eidetic memory, Cindy was bitten by the same spider that bit Peter Parker, and was trained by Ezekiel Sims. She was trapped in a bunker by Sims when Morlun came, and was later released by Peter thirteen years later after he became the superhero Spider-Man. Cindy then became a vigilante, wanting to stop threats and find her missing family. She is also a member of the Champions, Order of the Web, and Agents of Atlas.

She was created by Dan Slott and Humberto Ramos, and first appeared in "Amazing Spider-Man Vol 3 #1" in June of 2014.

She is portrayed by Tiffany Espensen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "" (2017), "" (2018) and the extended cut of "" (2021). The character will also appear in the television series "" produced by Sony Pictures Television for MGM+ and Amazon Prime Video, set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU), and the spin-off movie "Spider-Women", set in the animated "Spider-Verse" franchise, focusing on three generations of female Spider-related characters.

Spider-Man Noir

Spider-Man Noir, also known as The Spider-Man (real name Peter Parker) is a fictional character and superhero that appears in Marvel Comics.

This alternate version of Spider-Man is a darker take on Spider-Man and the mythos is set in 1933 – during the Great Depression and is a part of the Marvel Noir universe. After the death of his uncle, Peter resolved to seek justice and decided to use his newfound abilities to fight against crime. Unlike the mainstream version of Peter Parker, this character uses a gun and does stick to walls but prefers to use parkour. Additionally, this iteration of the character has been a member of the Spider-Army where he met all of his mainstream counterpart, alongside their alternate counterparts.

He was created by David Hine, Fabrice Sapolsky, and Carmine Di Giandomenico, and first appeared in "Spider-Man Noir #1" in December of 2008.

Since his inception, the character has appeared in numerous media including the video game "", as one of the main playable characters, and supporting character in "Ultimate Spider-Man" and "".

Half-Life 2: Episode Two

Half-Life 2: Episode 2 is a 2007 first-person shooter game by Valve. It is the sequel to "".

The game opens right after Half-Life 2: Episode 1, with the train that Gordon Freeman and Alyx Vance were riding on having crashed in the wilderness outside City 17, which blew up in the last game. Alyx tells Gordon that they need to find a resistance base called White Forest. While going there, Alyx is attacked and badly hurt by a new type of enemy called a hunter. A friendly alien called a Vortigaunt arrives and helps Gordon take Alyx to safety. The other Vortigaunts figure out that they need something called “larval extract” made by aliens called antlions. Gordon follows a Vortigaunt into an old mine to find the extract, fighting antlions and zombies. They find the extract, avoiding a huge antlion that’s guarding it. Then they go back to Alyx. While Alyx is being healed, Gordon is spoken to psychically by the mysterious G-Man, who reveals he saved Alyx during the Black Mesa Incident. The G-Man then tells Alyx (still unconscious) to tell her father Eli to “prepare for unforeseen consequences”.

Gordon and Alyx find a stripped-down old muscle car and make their way to White Forest. On the way they fight off hunters and find a mysterious type of Combine alien called an advisor. Their car breaks down but is fixed by a group of resistance fighters. After this, they continue driving but are ambushed by the evil Combine faction at an inn. They survive and meet up with Alyx’s robot friend Dog, who fights off a huge Combine monster called a strider. They arrive at White Forest, where Alyx gives Eli the message told to her by the G-Man. Eli is shocked. When Eli and Gordon are alone, Eli tells Gordon that he too knows about the G-Man. They also find out about a ship made by Aperture Science called the "Borealis", which Eli thinks is very dangerous for some reason.

Suddenly, the base is attacked by the Combine. Gordon and the resistance defend it in a long battle. Alyx and Gordon are about to use a helicopter to go to the Borealis, but the hangar is attacked by Combine advisors. Eli tries to fend them off, but is caught by one. He tells Gordon to destroy the Borealis before being killed by the advisor. Much like the last one, the game ends on a , with Alyx mourning the death of her father.

Like most of the Half-Life series, game received very good reviews. It has a score of 90 out of 100 on Metacritic.

Changaiz Ahmed Khan Kakar

Changez Ahmed Khan Kakar is a Pakistan Politician who is a Member of the National Assembly. He succeed Chuadhary Abid Sher Ali in 2024 general elections.

Université libre de Bruxelles

The Université libre de Bruxelles (; abbreviated ULB) is a French-speaking university in Brussels, Belgium. The university was founded in 1970 as a split from the Free University of Brussels, which was founded in 1834 by the lawyer and liberal politician Pierre-Théodore Verhaegen. It has about 30,000 students.


Psychodynamic psychology

Psychodynamic psychology is a branch of psychology that helps us understand how our minds work and how our thoughts and feelings can shape our behavior. It explores the hidden and sometimes unconscious aspects of our minds to uncover the reasons behind our actions and emotions.

Psychodynamic psychology believes that a big part of our mind is like an iceberg – much of it lies beneath the surface, hidden from our awareness. This hidden part is called the unconscious mind. It contains thoughts and feelings that we might not be aware of, but they still influence how we behave.

One of the most famous figures in psychodynamic psychology is Sigmund Freud. He came up with many ideas that help us understand our minds better. Freud believed that our early childhood experiences shape our personalities and how we interact with the world.

Freud also introduced the idea of the mind being divided into three parts – the Id, Ego, and Superego. The Id is like our basic instincts, the Ego helps us make decisions, and the Superego is like our moral compass.

Psychodynamic psychologists often analyze dreams to learn more about the unconscious mind. Dreams can be like a window into our thoughts and feelings that we might not be aware of when we're awake.

Psychodynamic psychology talks about defense mechanisms – ways our minds protect us from things that might be too difficult to handle. Examples include denial (refusing to accept the truth) and repression (pushing uncomfortable thoughts into the unconscious).

Psychodynamic psychology is not just about understanding our minds; it's also about helping people. Psychologists use these ideas to help individuals explore and understand their 
emotions, thoughts, and behaviors. This self-awareness can lead to positive changes in how we approach challenges and relate to others.

In a nutshell, psychodynamic psychology helps us dive deep into the mysteries of our minds. By exploring the unconscious and understanding how our early experiences shape us, we can gain insights that contribute to personal growth and a better understanding of ourselves and those around us.

1940-41 Austrian football championship

The 1939-40 Austrian football championship (Gauliga Ostmark also Fußball-Sportbereichsklasse Ostmark 1940/41) was the third season of the Gauliga Ostmark in annexed Austria. 
Rapid Wien became champions of the Gauliga for the second time in a row and Austrian champions for the 14th time.

With this victory, Rapid qualified for the 1940/41 German football championship. They made it into the final. On 22 June 1941 in front of almost 100,000 spectators in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin they played against FC Schalke 04. They won 4-3 and were German champion.

The two bottom-placed teams from the Gauliga were Grazer SC (Styria) and Linzer ASK (Upper Donau). They were relegated. Promotion and relegation, which had been suspended in 1939, was reintroduced for 1940/41. After the end of the war, each club was put into the league that it held in August 1939 - before the start of the war.
The games were often scheduled arbitrarily and so are most of the discrepancies between rounds and game date were clear. The home advantage was not important. Only Rapid and Wacker played on their home pitches. Most of the matches took place as part of double events.

Clyde Bruckman

Clyde Adolf Bruckman (June 30, 1894January 4, 1955) was an American writer and director of comedy films during the silent era as well as the early sound era of cinema. Bruckman worked with comedians like Buster Keaton, Monty Banks, W. C. Fields, Laurel and Hardy, The Three Stooges, Abbott and Costello, and Harold Lloyd.

Hollywood writer Kenneth Anger thinks of Bruckman to have been one of the most important figures in the history of American screen comedy.

Clyde Adolf Bruckman was born on June 30, 1894, in San Bernardino, California. In 1911, Bruckman's father Rudolph was in a car accident that left him with headaches and brain damage. Rudolph killed himself in 1912.

Bruckman was a writer for the sports pages of the "San Bernardino Sun" in the spring of 1912. In 1914, he moved to Los Angeles and got a job as a writer for the "Los Angeles Times". He later worked for the Los Angeles Examiner and the Saturday Evening Post.

On July 29, 1916, Bruckman married Lola Margaret Hamblin.

Bruckman first worked in film in 1919, where he wrote title cards for Universal Pictures. In 1921, he moved to Warner Brothers and began writing jokes for Buster Keaton.

Bruckman (pronounced "Brook-man") was best known for his work with Keaton, as Bruckman co-wrote some of Keaton's most popular films, such as "Our Hospitality", "Sherlock Jr.", "The Navigator", "Seven Chances", "The Cameraman", and "The General", which Bruckman also co-directed.

Bruckman was the director for four Laurel and Hardy comedies in the early stages of their work together at the Hal Roach Studios in 1927–1928. The most popular one was "The Battle of the Century" with its custard pie fight. During this period he also wrote for Harold Lloyd and Monty Banks.

Bruckman kept directing comedies during the sound era, his most famous comedy being "The Fatal Glass of Beer", W. C. Fields' satire of Yukon melodramas. He was addicted to alcohol, which was a problem for directing his movies. After 1934, Bruckman would be only allowed to write scripts.

Bruckman's experience of silent-comedy got him hired at Columbia Pictures' short-subject workforce (Bruckman was very important Columbia hiring Keaton). Bruckman continued to write new jokes for The Three Stooges and other comics. After some time, he re-used gags from Keaton and other creators. After he had took some gags, Lloyd sued Columbia and won. "Never mind that Bruckman had co-written and co-directed "Movie Crazy", giving him a good claim to his work, or that Bruckman and Lloyd may have got their ideas from a vaudeville act in the first place", wrote Ethan Gates in "The New Republic", reviewing Matthew Dessem's 2015 biography of Bruckman, "The Gag Man".

Bruckman was hired by Universal Pictures to write comedy scenes for the studio's "B" musical shows. This was a big job that paid better than short works. He continued re-using gags but on a larger scale. He inserted the tuxedo routine into Universal's "B" musical-comedy feature "Her Lucky Night". Bruckman adapted material from Lloyd's "Welcome Danger" into Universal's Joan Davis–Leon Errol comedy "She Gets Her Man", and again took jokes "Movie Crazy" for Universal's "B" comedy "So's Your Uncle". Lloyd was very angry by several things being taken from his movies, and sued for US$1,700,000; the court ruled for Lloyd but granted damages of $40,000. After this Bruckman was fired and never made a film again.


Rodat

Rodat (Jawi: رودات) is a traditional dance from Indonesia and Malaysia that probably came from the Middle East. Traders from Aceh brought it to Southeast Asia in the early 1800s. Rodat is performed by both men and women. It became popular at events like harvest festivals, Mawlid, and the Sultan's birthday. The dance's name comes from ""hadrat Baghdad"", which means songs that praise Allah and Prophet Muhammad.

During a Rodat performance, singers say 8 to 12 verses from the "Kitab Zikir", a book filled with advice and life lessons. Male and female chorus groups take turns singing, accompanied by the rhythm of the Rebana drum. Usually, there are 20 to 26 performers, including 12 male dancers, eight drummers, and four to six female dancers. The dance involves sitting, kneeling, squatting, and standing movements.

During the Rodat dance, people wear traditional Malay clothes in many colors. They put on black velvet hats called Songkoks. Near the stage are four children; two of them dressed as princesses and two as Princes, all wearing cotton stockings. The rest of the audience sits on the ground.

The conductor tells the orchestra to start, and the audience becomes quiet. Dancers, with one knee on the ground, start moving their hands in time with the music. The orchestra plays a slow, rhythmic tune while the dancers say verses without moving much. As the music goes on, the dancers begin to sway and move their hands more. After a few verses, they stand up and go towards the orchestra, making an impressive sight under the stage lights.

As the orchestra plays, the dancers sway gracefully and move their feet to the rhythm. They bend their arms smoothly, moving gently from side to side. Throughout their performance, they move with smoothness, showing their skill and finesse.

In the Rodat dance, dancers move their arms and feet slowly. Each verse is sung slowly, different from the fast and lively chorus. Drummers focus on playing energetic rhythms. One part of the dance can last for up to fifteen minutes.

After a break, the orchestra starts a new tune, and the chorus leader sings a romantic song. Four children enter with bells around their ankles and dance gracefully while the chorus sings along, swaying gently.

When the song ends, the child dancers go back to their seats. Then, the orchestra begins a Islamic religious chant, and the dancers perform graceful movements. This pattern of religious and non-religious music usually continues late into the night.

Rajendra Patni

Rajendra Patni (19 June 1964 – 23 February 2024) was an Indian Politician of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Before that, he was a member of Shiv Sena. When Patni was in the Shiv Sena, he was part of the Maharashtra Legislative Council (MLC) from the year 1997 to 2003. After losing the 2009 elections as a candidate of Shiv Sena, Patni joined the BJP. He won the 2014 and 2019 elections as a BJP candidate.

Rajendra Patni died in Mumbai on 23 February 2024. He was aged 59 years at the time of his death. Few years before his death he was diagnosed with Cancer.

Vrije Universiteit Brussel

The Vrije Universiteit Brussel (; abbreviated VUB) is a Dutch-speaking university in Brussels, Belgium. The university was founded in 1970 as a split from the Free University of Brussels, which was founded in 1834 by the lawyer and liberal politician Pierre-Théodore Verhaegen. It has about 19,000 students. The motto of the university is "Scientia vincere tenebras", which in Latin means "conquering darkness by science".

The university has four campuses:

The university has eight faculties:

Grassroots Democratic Party of Germany

The Grassroots Democratic Party of Germany is a political party in Germany. It is anti-vaccination and against COVID-19 measures. The party also wants to establish a Grasroots democracy in Germany. The party is right-wing.

Bild

Bild (often called Bild-Zeitung by Germans) is a German tabloid newspaper. It is the most popular newspaper in Europe. It was created in 1952. It has been heavily criticized in the past decades and was compared to The Sun and because of this is also satirically called "Blöd-Zeitung" (meaning stupid newspaper) by people.

Vicky Ward

Victoria Penelope Jane Ward (born 3 July 1969) is an American writer and journalist. She is known for her work as a Senior Reporter for CNN.

Before CNN, Ward was a writer and editor for many different magazines and newspapers including "The Independent", "New York Post", "Vanity Fair", "HuffPost", and many others. Some topics she wrote about were Jeffrey Epstein and his partner Ghislaine Maxwell.

Ward would say that her article on Epstein included interviews with Annie and Maria Farmer. Annie and Maria both had raised complaints about Epstein and his behavior early on. Ward would say that the interview would be erased from the article by Graydon Carter, the main editor for "Vanity Fair". This came after Epstein had pressured the magazine to get rid of it. Ward would also say that she had hired bodyguards because she was threatened by Epstein while she was pregnant.
Ward was born in Chelmsford, England and became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2017.

Depth psychology

Depth psychology is a field that helps us understand the hidden aspects of our minds. It's like an adventure into our thoughts and feelings. This branch of psychology explores what goes on deep within us, beyond what we can see on the surface.

Depth psychology is all about diving into the "why" behind our actions and thoughts. It's like being a detective, searching for clues to understand ourselves better. Psychologists who specialize in depth psychology believe that our minds have layers, just like an onion.

Often called the father of psychoanalysis, Freud believed in exploring the unconscious mind to understand our behaviors. He compared the mind to an iceberg, with most of it hidden beneath the surface.

Jung expanded on Freud's ideas and introduced concepts like the collective unconscious, suggesting that we all share certain universal experiences and symbols.

Adler focused on the importance of individual experiences and the desire for self-improvement. He believed in understanding a person's unique perspective to unlock the mysteries of their mind.

Klettgau

Klettgau is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Küssaberg

Küssaberg is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Laufenburg, Germany

Laufenburg is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is separated from a Swiss city with the same name by the river Rhine.


Weilheim, Baden-Württemberg

Weilheim is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wehr, Baden-Württemberg

Wehr is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Stühlingen

Stühlingen is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Todtmoos

Todtmoos is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sankt Blasien

Sankt Blasien or St. Blasien is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Southern Black Forest.

The benedictine abbey of St. Blaise is in Sankt Blasien, which was first mentioned in 858.

Sankt Blasien is twinned with:

Little Saint James, U.S. Virgin Islands

Little Saint James is an private island in the Caribbean Sea. It is southeast of the neighboring private island Great Saint James and is a part of the East End, Saint Thomas sub-district in the United States Virgin Islands (USVI).

The island, along with Great Saint James, are best known for being owned by sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. The island is also known by the nicknames "Epstein Island" and "Pedophile Island". It was alleged in court documents that Epstein would fly underaged girls to the island and would have they perform sex acts on friends and himself there. After his death, police raided his island estate.

Ühlingen-Birkendorf

Ühlingen-Birkendorf is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wutach (municipality)

Wutach is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It has a administration community with the neighbouring town of Bonndorf im Schwarzwald. The municipality has villages of Ewattingen, Lembach and Münchingen. It has a primary school and kindergarten in Ewattingen. The current mayor is Alexander Pfliegensdörfer since 2023.

Wutach is to the south of the Wutach Gorge, which flows through the river Wutach.


Andriy

Andriy or Andrii is the Ukrainian form of a masculine given name. The name is equivalent of Andrew in the English language.

People with this name include


Wutöschingen

Wutöschingen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ringsheim

Ringsheim is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Gutach (Schwarzwaldbahn)

Gutach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is home to the Black Forest Open Air Museum.

Appenweier

Appenweier is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Toby Fox

Toby Fox is an American man who makes video games. He made Undertale, which people have named for awards. He also made Deltarune.

When Fox started, he made music for Homestuck. After making "Undertale", he also made music for Super Smash Bros. Ultimate and Pokémon.

Toby Fox made the "EarthBound Halloween Hack", a Halloween- ROM hack of "EarthBound." It is the earliest thing people know him for. He then made music for the "Homestuck" during his senior year of high school. Fox has also made music for the 2017 video game "Hiveswap", a short story game called "Escaped Chasm", and the RPG "Little Town Hero", which was arranged by Hitomi Sato. He also made a song for "Pokémon Sword" and "Shield", a song for Itoki Hana's "PRAY" album, and many songs for "Pokémon Scarlet" and "Violet".

The most known work by Fox is the role-playing video game "Undertale". The game sold more than 1 million copies. Fox made the game by himself, except for the art, which he asked Temmie Chang to help with. He had some experience in game making before "Undertale" because he used RPG Maker 2000 with his three brothers to make games and other versions of games. He thought of the characters and ideas for "Undertale" while in college, and he drew them in his notebook. After its release, "Undertale" had a big fanbase. Fox said that he did not care if people said that they did not like the game, saying that it was "not for everyone".

On October 30, 2018, Fox said that "Undertale" fans should check the game's Twitter account in a day. The next day, Fox shared the first chapter of another story with "Undertale" characters, named "Deltarune", (which is "Undertale" with the letters mixed up) for free, saying it was a "survey""."

Robert F. Fox was born on October 11, 1991, in Manchester, New Hampshire. He is the son of Robert Fox and Barbara Fox. He learned about environmental science at Northeastern University.

Fox likes to keep things secret and does not do interviews most of the time. He has pain that can stop him from making code and making music.

Alfred Adler

Alfred Adler (7 February 1870 – 28 May 1937) was an Austrian medical doctor and psychotherapist, contributing valuable ideas that have shaped our understanding of human behavior. , Adler's work has had a lasting impact on how we view ourselves and others.

Alfred Adler grew up in a time when people were just starting to explore the mysteries of the human mind. He was a curious and observant child, always wondering why people acted the way they did. This curiosity led him to become a doctor and later a psychologist, dedicating his life to understanding the complexities of human behavior.

Adler's approach to psychology is known as Individual Psychology, and it focuses on how each person is unique and influenced by their own experiences. He believed that everyone has a drive to be significant and capable in their own way, and these desires shape their personalities.

One of Adler's famous ideas is the inferiority complex He suggested that when people feel like they don't measure up or aren't as good as others, it can affect their behavior. To overcome this, Adler emphasized the importance of encouragement and support from friends, family, and the community.

Adler also introduced the concept of "lifestyle," which means the unique way each person approaches life. He thought that understanding a person's lifestyle could provide insights into their choices and behaviors. By exploring these ideas, Adler aimed to help people lead happier and more fulfilling lives.

Although Alfred Adler lived in a time with limited knowledge compared to today, his contributions to psychology laid the groundwork for many modern theories. His work inspired future psychologists to delve deeper into the intricacies of the human mind, ultimately helping us understand ourselves and others better.

In conclusion, Alfred Adler's exploration into the human psyche has left an enduring impact on the world of psychology. Through his observations and theories, he paved the way for a greater understanding of individual differences and the importance of positive support in our lives.

Pool noodle

A pool noodle is a cylinder-like piece of foam that is used for swimming, mostly during swimming exercises.

Franzbrötchen

Franzbrötchen is a German pastry that is similar to a cinnamon roll. It comes from Hamburg and is mostly eaten for breakfast.

Ralegaon Siddhi

Ralegaon Sidhhi is a remote village in Ahmadnagar Maharashtra .This village was Watershed that is developed by social activist Anna Hazare. This village is a example of Eco Nature conservation.

Megamind vs. the Doom Syndicate

Megamind vs. the Doom Syndicate is an 2024 American computer-animated superhero comedy streaming movie directed by Eric Fogel, produced by DreamWorks Animation Television. as a alternate sequel of 2010's "Megamind" as served of the pilot series "Megamind Rules", released in March 1, 2024 by Peacock.

Ansar al-Sharia (Yemen)

Ansar al-Sharia is a Yemeni jihadist group consisting of several sub jihadist groups from AQAP. In 2011, AQAP created Ansar al-Sharia as a Yemeni subgroup focusing on rebeling against the Yemeni government rather then attacking the West and its allies. International Crisis Group sees the AQAP as a diverse group and many Ansar al-Sharia member groups and allied groups do not align with AQAP's views.

Polypedates pseudotilophus

Polypedates pseudotilophus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 0 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in and near forests. People have seen it in coffee farms, but only if those farms are near forests. People sometimes catch this frog to sell as pets.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places human beings have changed.

Casual relationship

A casual relationship is a relationship between two people. It is very similar to a romantic relationship. People may have sex or a near-sexual realtionship. In a romantic relationship, people usually expect exclusivity. There will be only one person the other person has a commitment to. In a casual relationship this is not the case. This kind of relationship is often found among young people who want to try out new things, but without committing to a particular partner. Such relationships often include casual sex, which means having sex with someone, outside of a romantic relationship. 

Other words for this kind of relationship are casual dating, and situationship.

INS Kochi

INS Kochi (D-64) is a warship of the Indian Navy which was commissioned on 30 September 2015. It is the second warship of the Kolkata-class Destroyer series after INS Kolkata. The keel of ship was laid down on 25 October 2005 and launched on 18 September 2009. It was constructed in Mumbai by Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders.

On 1 November 2015, the Navy launched the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile from INS Kochi. The missile hit its target which was an old ship called "INS Alleppey", almost perfectly. This was the first time it was launched straight up from the 7,500-tonne INS Kochi.

On May 16 and 29 November 2017, the Navy launched the Barak 8 missiles from INS Kochi, and it was successful.

Brympton

Brympton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England. It is in the South Somerset district.

Santiago Méndez

Santiago Méndez Ibarra (1798 – 1872) was the 1st President of the Republic of Yucatán and Governor of Yucatán.

Saint-Euphraise-et-Clairizet

Saint-Euphraise-et-Clairizet is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Coulommes-la-Montagne

Coulommes-la-Montagne is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Emmanuel Faber

Emmanuel Faber (born 1st January 1964) is the chairman and former CEO of Danone. He graduated from HEC Paris in 1986.

He is also President of the International Sustainability Standards Board.


Doris Miller

Doris "Dorie" Miller (October 12, 1919November 24, 1943) was an American Naval cook. He was the first Black recipient of the Navy Cross. He was also a nominee for the Medal of Honor.

He won the Navy Cross because of his heroism in fighting the Japanese bombers at Pearl Harbor.

Bouilly, Marne

Bouilly is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Ablancourt

Ablancourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Allemant, Marne

Allemant is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Allemant

Allemant is the name of two communes in France:

Alliancelles

Alliancelles is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Ambonnay

Ambonnay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Ambrières

Ambrières is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Anglure

Anglure is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Dropshipping

When someone sells something without having that thing, that is called dropshipping. A person who is dropshipping orders it to their customers from the person or group that is making it. Dropshipping is usually done for low profit with low risk averaging around 20% profit.

Angluzelles-et-Courcelles

Angluzelles-et-Courcelles is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Anthenay

Anthenay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Aougny

Aougny is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Arcis-le-Ponsart

Arcis-le-Ponsart is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Argers

Argers is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Arrigny

Arrigny is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Arzillières-Neuville

Arzillières-Neuville is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Triantha occidentalis

Triantha occidentalis is a species of carnivorous plant which grows in the Pacific Northwest. It catches and digests insects with sticky hairs on its stems. There are three different kinds, or subspecies, of "T. occidentalis": those with thinner seeds and stickier hairs are the subspecies (written subsp.) "montana", those with groups of flowers in a spherical shape are subsp. "occidentalis", and those with groups of flowers in a pill shape, occurring more inland, are subsp. "brevistyla".

"T. occidentalis" only grows a few leaves, as many as three and as few as none. These leaves grow in tufts from the ground, and can be up to long. During its flowering season, stems grow from the bases of these tufts, and flowers grow at the ends of these stems. The stems have sticky hairs to catch and digest insects. It can have as many as 45 white or yellowish flowers, which grow in round clumps called an inflorescence. Within this clump, flowers often grow in groups of 3. The flowers have long stamens, the part which holds the pollen, and a noticeable style, the part which accepts the pollen to create reddish-brown seeds. The seeds are contained in an inflated, white coating with a tail-like part at either end.

"T. occidentalis" grows in boggy, wet areas of Northwestern America where soils contain a lot of calcium carbonate, or chalk. It grows along the coast of the Pacific ocean, from Alaska down to California, and as far inland as Alberta, Wyoming, and Idaho.

Since "T. occidentalis" grows in nutrient-poor soil, it absorbs additional nutrients by capturing and digesting insects in a unique way. Its sticky hairs capture the insects, and the hairs on the stems produce a digestive enzyme called phosphatase, a common digestive agent in plant carnivores, to eat the insects. "T. occidentalis" is unique among other plants in its class, the monocots: all other carnivorous plants in this class create a trap by gathering water for insects to drown in. "T. occidentalis" is also unique among other plants that use sticky hairs to capture insects, like the sundew, since its sticky hairs grow all along the stems which carry the flowers. Most carnivorous plants avoid this, since it might cause pollinating insects visiting the flowers to be accidentally captured instead of prey insects. However, most pollinators are larger and strong enough to escape the sticky hairs, while prey insects are too small and weak to escape. The scientists who discovered that this plant is carnivorous believe that other plants in its genus "Triantha" could also be carnivorous, but it is still unknown.

Athis, Marne

Athis is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Nitrogen-15 tracing

Nitrogen-15 tracing, also known as N tracing or the δN method, is a technique used to follow how nitrogen enters an ecosystem or organism. There are two common isotopes of nitrogen: N (also called Nitrogen-14), which makes up 99.6% of naturally occurring nitrogen, and the heavier N (Nitrogen-15), which makes up the rest. Since N is so much more rare in nature, scientists can introduce N into an ecosystem in order to follow how nitrogen is absorbed by organisms. For example, if a fertilizer containing a very high amount of N is used to grow a plant, then a high level of N in that plant most likely means that it absorbed nitrogen from the fertilizer.

To measure whether an ecosystem or organism contains a high level of the rare N (Nitrogen-15), scientists need to establish a normal level of N. Often, this is the amount of N found in the atmosphere, or how much is commonly found in whatever organism is being studied. Scientists measure δN, which is similar to how much more N is measured than is normal. If scientists introduce N to an ecosystem, a high δN in an organism probably means that the organism absorbed this introduced N.

Nitrogen is necessary to life, so nitrogen flows through an ecosystem in a process called the nitrogen cycle. Scientists can follow this flow of nitrogen in an ecosystem or follow how nitrogen moves in a single organism with N tracing. For example, if insects containing a high amount of N come into contact with a plant, scientists can measure whether the plant absorbed nutrients from those insects by measuring δN in the plant, or how much the plant's N is higher than normal. In 2020, scientists used this method to test whether "Triantha occidentalis" is a carnivorous plant, meaning it absorbs nutrients from organisms it traps. They tested whether "T. occidentalis" is carnivorous by answering the question, "does "T. occidentalis" absorb nitrogen from insects it traps?" Scientists taped flies containing large amounts of N to three plants: "Erigeron peregrinus", a control plant which is not carnivorous, "Drosera rotundifolia", a plant which is known to be carnivorous, and "T. occidentalis". After two weeks, they measured the δN in each. The δN of "E. peregrinus" was about 0, meaning it absorbed no nitrogen from the flies, but the δN of "D. rotundifolia" and "T. occidentalis" were very high, meaning they both absorbed nitrogen from the flies. By tracing Nitrogen-15, the scientists had verified that "T. occidentalis" absorbed nitrogen from flies, meaning that they discovered a new carnivorous plant.

Owerri

Owerri is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Imo State. About 540,000 people live there. It has two universities called the Federal University of Technology Owerri and Imo State University. Owerri has an airport southeast of the city, called the Imo Airport.

Kevin Bishop

Kevin Bishop is the speaking voice for 2-D, fictional lead singer of British virtual band Gorillaz.

United (Judas Priest song)

"United" is a 1980 song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest and is the final single from their sixth studio album "British Steel". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and number 27 in Ireland. The single was released along with its B-side "Grinder".

Queen Bitch

"Queen Bitch" is a 1971 song by David Bowie. It is the 10th track from his fourth studio album "Hunky Dory" and plays tribute to the American band The Velvet Underground. In January 1997 on his 50th birthday Bowie performed the song live with Lou Reed.

Ya Ali

The Ya Ali is a missile created by Iran. The missile was first publicly shown on the 11th of May 2014 when Ayatollah Khamenei visited the Aerospace Force of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution. The missile is named after the calling upon Ali for help in the Shia religion. The missile has also been claimed to be used by the Ansar Allah movement by Jane's Defense Weekly.


Ferdinand Tönnies

Ferdinand Tönnies (; 26 July 1855 – 9 April 1936) was a philosopher. He was born in a place called "Oldenswort" in Germany. Ferdinand Tönnies did many things in his life, but he became especially known for his ideas about societies and how people come together.
Ferdinand Tönnies had a brain full of thoughts about how communities work. He liked to study the ways people connect with each other and form groups. Imagine a big puzzle of people, and Tönnies was interested in figuring out how the pieces fit together.

One big idea from Tönnies is the concept of "Gemeinschaft" and "Gesellschaft". These are just German words for two types of societies. Gemeinschaft is like a small town or a close-knit community where people know each other well, and there's a strong sense of togetherness. On the other hand, Gesellschaft is more like a big city where people might not know each other as much, and relationships are often based on practical reasons.

Tönnies was also a professor, which means he taught students about his smart ideas. He worked at a university in Germany and shared his thoughts on societies with many people. His teachings helped others understand more about how people live and work together.

Ferdinand Tönnies died on April 9, 1936, but his ideas continue to live on. People still read his writings and learn from his thoughts on communities and societies. Even if you haven't heard his name before, Ferdinand Tönnies was a person who spent his life thinking about how we all fit into the big puzzle of society.

Manhattan Project (song)

"Manhattan Project" is a 1985 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It appeared on their 11th studio album "Power Windows" and was not released as a single but made number 10 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It is named after the World War II project that created an atomic bomb.

Hope Pym

Hope Pym is a fictional superheroine from the Marvel Comics universe. The character was created by Tom DeFalco and Ron Frenz, and first appeared in "A-Next" #7 (April 1999). She is the daughter of superheroes Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne in the MC2 universe. Hope Pym is a supervillain known under the codename Red Queen.

Evangeline Lilly portrays a different version of the character, Hope van Dyne, in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Ant-Man" (2015) and appears as the successor of the Wasp in the movies "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018), "" (2019), and "" (2023). Lilly returned in the animated series "What If...?" (2021) as an alternate version.

Runaways (The Killers song)

"Runaways" is a 2012 song by alternative rock band The Killers and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Battle Born". It went to number 78 in the United States, number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland and Ireland, number 67 in Australia, number 37 in Japan and Canada, number 53 in Italy, number 64 in the Netherlands and number 67 in Australia.

Limelight (Rush song)

"Limelight" is a 1981 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It first appeared on their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures". It went to number 55 in the United States and number 18 in Canada. It also made number 4 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Sophia of Nassau

Sophia of Nassau (Sophia Wilhelmine Marianne Henriette; 9 July 1836 – 30 December 1913) was Queen of Sweden and Norway as the wife of King Oscar II. She was Queen of Sweden for 35 years. This is longer than anyone before her. She was the longest-serving queen until 2011, when Queen Silvia served longer than her. She is also the most recent woman to have been officially Dowager Queen of Sweden.

Subdivisions (song)

"Subdivisions" is a 1982 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the second single from their ninth studio album "Signals". It was released as a single and gets played regularly on classic rock radio stations and appears on several greatest hits albums. It went to number 5 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Track charts.

The Twilight Zone (Rush song)

"The Twilight Zone" is a 1976 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "2112". It is based on the two episodes of "The Twilight Zone". Rush dedicated the song to the memory of the creator Rod Serling.

Mandarin (character)

The Mandarin is one of the main antagonists of the Marvel Comics universe, serving as the main antagonist of the "Iron Man" franchise and media, and a major antagonist in the "Avengers" franchise. The character was created by Stan Lee and designed by Don Heck, first appearing in "Tales of Suspense" #50 (Feb. 1964).

Formerly a poor vagrant and criminal raised in poverty, he would eventually come across ten mystical rings (later revealed to be technology from the Makluan race) and take their power as his own. With his new abilities, he would reinvent himself as an aristocratic criminal mastermind seeking to expand his empire and conquer the world. He is notable for his role in Tony Stark/Iron Man's creation, having orchestrated the kidnapping that would lead to him creating his first set of armor, and for causing multiple other pivotal moments in the hero's life.

He serves as the main antagonist of "Iron Man: Enter the Mandarin", the "Dragon Seed Saga", "Iron Man: The Future", and several other storylines. He is the archenemy of Iron Man, and an enemy of several other heroes, including War Machine, the Hulk, Captain America, Deadpool, Black Panther, Shang-Chi, and the Avengers.

The Mandarin has appeared in several forms of media. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), Guy Pearce and Ben Kingsley portrayed an imposter and actor of the character in "Iron Man 3" (2013) respectively, and Tony Leung portrayed the "real" character Xu Wenwu in "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021). In 2009, The Mandarin was ranked as IGN's 81st-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Midnight Sons

The Midnight Sons are a fictional team of supernatural superheroes from the Marvel Comics universe. Including Ghost Riders Danny Ketch and Johnny Blaze, Blade, and Morbius, the original team first formed as part of the "Rise of the Midnight Sons" story arc, culminating in the first full team appearance in "Ghost Rider" (vol. 3) #31 (cover dated November 1992). Following the success of the crossovers, Marvel branded all stories involving the group with a distinct family imprint and cover treatment, which lasted from December 1993 to August 1994. The team has been revived several times with different characters, but the most frequent members include Morbius, Blade, and at least one Spirit of Vengeance.

Bullet the Blue Sky

"Bullet the Blue Sky" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fourth track from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree". It is inspired by Bono trips to El Salvador and Nicaragua ravaged by United States lead invasions. It went to number 14 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Chairman District Council Faisalabad

Chairman District Council Faisalabad is the deputy mayor who heads the Faisalabad Municipal Corporation (FMC) which controls the local government of Faisalabad.

Utopia (Goldfrapp song)

"Utopia" is a 2000 song by British dance band Goldfrapp. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Felt Mountain" and went to number 94 in the Netherlands. The remixed version was released in July 2001 and made number 62 in the United Kingdom and Scotland.



Red Barchetta

"Red Barchetta" is a 1981 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the second track from their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures" and is inspired by a futuristic short story "A Nice Morning Drive" by Richard Foster. It was taken from the published in the November 1973 article of Road & Truck magazine.

Voices in the Sky

"Voices in the Sky" is a 1968 song by English progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It was taken from their third studio album "In Search of the Lost Chord" and was one of the two singles released from the album along with "Ride My See-Saw". It went to number 27 in the United States.

Red Lake Falls, Minnesota

Red Lake Falls is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is the county seat of Red Lake County. 1,339 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Glencoe, Minnesota

Glencoe is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is the county seat of McLeod County. 5,744 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Glencoe was planned out in 1855. It is named after Glen Coe in Scotland. A post office has been in operation at Glencoe since 1856. Glencoe was incorporated as a city in 1909.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of . Of that is land and is water. U.S. Highway 212 and Minnesota State Highway 22 are two main routes in Glencoe. It is east of Minneapolis.

The 2020 census says that there were 5,744 people, 2,345 households, and 1,481 families living in Glencoe.

The median age was 39.1 years. Of the people, 82.6% were White, 0.5% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.8% were Asian, 5.8% were from some other races, and 9.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.1% of the people.


Neosho Rapids, Kansas

Neosho Rapids is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. 229 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Before, people called it Italia then Florence. It was planned out in 1855. The city was named Neosho Rapids in 1857 from the whitewater on the Neosho River.

Auberive

Auberive is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Haute-Marne department in northeast France. This commune is not to be confused with Aubérive in the Marne department.

Aubérive

Aubérive is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.

This commune is not to be confused with Auberive in the Haute-Marne department.


Aulnay-l'Aître

Aulnay-l'Aître is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Aulnay-sur-Marne

Aulnay-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Auménancourt

Auménancourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Auve

Auve is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Avenay-Val-d'Or

Avenay-Val-d'Or is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Dutse

Dutse is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Jigawa State.

Birnin Kebbi

Birnin Kebbi is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Kebbi State.

Bannay, Marne

Bannay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Mian Tahir Jameel

Mian Tahir Jameel Pervaz also known as Mian Tahir Pervaz is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018, and MPA from 15 August 2018 to till 13 January 2023.

Fastest Girl in Town

"Fastest Girl in Town" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in June 2012 as the third single from Lambert's album "Four the Record".

The music video for "Fastest Girl in Town" was shot in late June 2012, and features a guest appearance by NASCAR driver Danica Patrick.

The music video reached number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of December 7, 2012.

Meta Nienhuis

Meta Lansing-Nienhuis also known as Metje Nienhuis (born 20 February 1918) was a Dutch kortebaan speed skater. She won many prizes in the late 1930s and 1940s.

In December 193, she became champion of Drenthe. In the winter of 1939-40, she won 237,50 Dutch Guilder in prize money. In that winter she won also in Valthermond beating Antje Koopmans and her sister Ike Nienhuis. After World War II she won several prizes in the winter of 1945-46 including winning the second round in Wartena in January 1946. In December 1946 she won in Makkum. 

She was listed to be suspended from 15 January 1947 by the association of ice clubs due to competing in two competitions on the same day. She still competed in late January and February 1947; including in Thialf, Makkum, Wijnjeterp and Leeuwarden.

Bicycle lighting

Bicycle lighting is illumination attached to bicycles. The idea is to improve the visibility of the bicycle in poor lighting conditions.That way, the bicycle and its rider can be seen more clearly.
Another purpose is to illuminate reflective materials such as cat's eyes and traffic signs. A third purpose may be to illuminate the road so that the rider can see the way ahead. This requires much more luminous flux and more power.
Many countries require one or more bicycle lights to be fitted to bicycles ridden at night. Usually, this is a white light in the front and a red light at the back. This is the same as with other vehicles.

Michal

Michal was a person in the Books of Samuel. She was the daughter of King Saul. 

Michal was in love with David so Saul told David he could marry Michal if he killed 100 Philistines and brought back their foreskins. David killed 200 so Saul let David marry Michal.

Then when Saul wanted to kill David, Michal helped him escape and hid a statue in his bed that she pretended was David but sick. Saul was angry with Michal for helping David so she lied that David threatened to kill her. So Saul sent her away to marry a man named Paltiel. 

After Saul died and David became king of the Tribe of Judah, Michal left Paltiel and came back to David. After David brought the Ark of the Covenant to Jerusalem and danced in front of it, Michal criticized him for dancing like a commoner because her father would never do something like that. David said that all he was doing was celebrating and honouring G-d. After that, G-d decided that Michal couldn’t have any more children.

The Midrash says that Doeg the Edomite convinced Saul that David was basically dead and so Michal could marry another person without adultery and so Saul sent her to Paltiel but she didn’t have sex with him since she was loyal to David.

Cat's eye (road)

In the context of road signalisation, cat's eyes is the name for special reflectors. When light shines on them, they will reflect it back in the same direction. Usually they are small cylinders. Very often they signal the presence of objects or they alert the driver of a danger such as a bend in the road. 

Estheticare Clinic

Estheticare Clinic is an aesthetic healthcare centre situated in Islamabad, Pakistan. Established on 1st March 2015 by Dr. Uzair Khan, the clinic specializes in treatments related to skin and hair. On 19th December 2023, Estheticare Clinic partnership with the Harley Street Institute in London to provide exclusive diploma programs focusing on Medical Aesthetics.

Doeg the Edomite

Doeg the Edomite was a person in the Books of Samuel. Doeg was the chief shepherd of King Saul. 

After finding out that Saul wanted to kill him, David ran away to Nob and lied to Ahimelech the Chief Kohen that he was on a secret mission for Saul so Ahimelech gave David bread to eat. Doeg happened to be in Nob when this happened. When Doeg found out Saul was looking for David, Doeg told him that he had seen the Cohenim in Nob help David. Saul told his servants to kill the Cohenim of Nob but they refused to do that so Saul asked Doeg to do that and Doeg said yes. Then Doeg killed eighty-five Cohenim and their wives and children and animals. Only Abiathar, Ahimelech’s grandson, escaped Nob and told David what happened. David says what happened to Nob is all his fault since he should have known that Doeg would tell Saul.

In Psalms Chapter 52, David sings that G-d will punish people who do evil and reward the good. David says that he sang this after Doeg betrayed Ahimelech.

According to the Midrash, Doeg talked Saul into not killing Agag. Doeg convinced Saul that David could never be king because Ruth was from Moab and he told Saul about how much people praised David for killing Goliath, to make Saul jealous. Doeg convinced Saul to make Michal marry Paltiel and Doeg came to Nob. And after Saul’s generals Abner and Amassa refused, Doeg murdered everyone in Nob (except Abiathar, who escaped.)

There are Jewish traditions that Doeg was the “son of an Amalekite” that David beheaded for killing Saul though there are also some who say it was Doeg’s son.

Who was Doeg the Edomite? Got Questions.org

Doeg, The Jewish Encyclopedia

Pastor Column Doeg the Edomite and the purposes of God, Victorville Daily Press

Doeg, Encyclopedia.com

Who was Doeg the Edomite in the Bible? CompellingTruth.org

Doeg the Edomite, Religion Wiki

Did Doeg the Edomite single-handedly kill the whole town of Nob?, hermeneutics stack exhange

Doeg the Edomite and Priest Slayer, Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Doeg the Edomite, Jewish Knowledge Base, Chabad.org

Yevamot 76b, Sefaria.org

Tanach summary Shmuel 1 Chapter 22 Dovid flees and leads to the destruction of the city of nov by Shaul shulcanaruchhsrav.com

Avner and Asael, Background to the Daily Daf
How To Train Your Dragon (book series)

The How To Train Your Dragon books also called the Hiccup books are a series of children’s books by Cressida Cowell. They begin with How To Train Your Dragon and end with How To Fight a Dragon’s Fury. There are twelve of them.

1) How To Train Your Dragon

2) How To Be a Pirate

3) How To Speak Dragonese 

4) How To Cheat a Dragon’s Curse

5) How To Twist a Dragon’s Tale

6) A Hero’s Guide To Deadly Dragons

7) How To Ride a Dragon’s Storm

8) How To Break a Dragon’s Heart

9) How To Steal a Dragon’s Sword

10) How To Seize a Dragon’s Jewel

11) How To Betray a Dragon’s Hero

12) How To Fight a Dragon’s Fury

A Viking child named Hiccup Horrendous Haddock the Third, whose father Stoick the Vast is leader of the tribe of the Hairy Hooligans, has to learn how to become a hero “the hard way”. Hiccup, with the help of his pet dragon Toothless and his friends Fishlegs and Camicazi has to save his home island called Berk (and the other islands of the Archipelago) from dangerous Dragons, pirates, Romans and evil Vikings like Norbert the Nutjob and Alvin the Treacherous. Hiccup and his friends also have to stop Alvin the Treacherous (Hiccup’s archenemy) and the Seadragon Furious from starting a war between humans and dragons.

In 2010, DreamWorks Animation made the movie How To Train Your Dragon based on the first book. The movie and its sequels are very different from the books.

In the first book, Hiccup is ten and a half years old though in the sixth book A Hero’s Guide to Deadly Dragons, Hiccup turns twelve (technically three because he is born in a Leap year on February 29th). Hiccup in the movies starts out as a teenager. The movies also make Toothless a dragon big enough to ride and who has teeth. The movies also made it so that none of the dragons talked and they had none of the villains from the books. They also replaced Camicazi with a character named Astrid who is in the same tribe as Hiccup. And they made it that Vikings hunt and kill dragons until Hiccup convinces them to train the dragons instead of dragon-training being something kids always have to do or be banished.

Diet Coke Plus

Diet Coke Plus was a formulation of Diet Coke fortified with vitamins and minerals and was considered at one point to be healthier than water. It is sweetened with a blend of aspartame and acesulfame potassium. It wasreleased in the United Kingdom in October 2007. The drink was discontinued in November 2011.

Font Book

Font Book is an application software developed by Apple Inc. for managing fonts on macOS devices like iMac and MacBook. It is a proprietary software and registered trademark of the tech company. It was first released with Mac OS X Panther operating system in 2003 and since then comes pre-installed with Apple computers. When a user clicks on a OpenType (.otf) or TrueType (.ttf) font file, Font Book opens, allowing them to preview and install the font. Once installed, the font is copied to a central folder where all other apps can use it.

Users can use Font Book to browse all installed fonts. They can see a list of fonts, check out their alphabets, view all the glyphs they have, and even set a sample text of their choice. Font Book allows users to install, manage, preview and organize fonts on their Mac devices. It automatically checks for errors and duplicates when installing fonts to ensure validation and proper functioning. Users can search, filter and sort fonts to find the exact font they want to use. Additionally, Font Book provides options to print and export font lists.

Font Book does not include tools for editing fonts. Users cannot rename, merge, or split fonts, nor can they make changes like adjusting spacing or creating new styles. However, Font Book enables users to group fonts into collections, view details about fonts such as the name of the designer and the copyright holder, activate and deactivate individual fonts or collections and check the data integrity of font files.

Between 2003 and 2007, Apple's Font Book faced criticism for its inability to validate and automatically activate fonts. These features were added with the release of Mac OS X Leopard on October 26, 2007.


Font Book User Guide

Market Basket (New England)

Market Basket is a chain of 88 supermarkets in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Maine, and Rhode Island in the United States. It is headquartered in Tewksbury, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1917. From 1990 through late August 2014, the company was the center of a controversy over ownership and leadership, which culminated in protests receiving international media attention. 

Schwan's Company

Schwan's Company is a food company. It has about 7,500 employees. It started in the United States as a family-owned business. Since 2019 the company has been a subsidiary of CJ CheilJedang of South Korea. Its major business units include Schwan's Consumer Brands, Schwan's Food Service, and SFC Global Supply Chain. It was founded in 1952.

José Tiburcio López Constante

José Tiburcio López Constante ( 1790 - 25 September 1858) was the 2rd President of the Republic of Yucatán and Governor of Yucatán he died in New Orleans, United States.

Cressida Cowell

Cressida Cowell is a British writer most known for the Hiccup books. 

Cressida Cowell was born in England in 1966. Her father Michael Hare was a Viscount. When she was a child she often vacationed in Scotland where she started to draw. Cressida married a man named Simon John Cowell. 

In 1998, Cressida Cowell started to write children’s books with the book Little Wonder. After writing several other books, she wrote Hiccup the Viking who was Seasick about a Viking child named Hiccup who is afraid of the Ocean even though his father Stoick doesn’t want him to be afraid of anything. She published it in 2001. It inspired her to write How To Train Your Dragon in 2003 and the other Hiccup books. Cowell also won an award for her book “The Rabbit belongs to Emily Brown.”

Small Town Girl

Small Town Girl is the debut studio album by Kellie Pickler. The album was released on October 31, 2006.

Domingo Barret

Domingo Barret Echeverri was governor of Yucatán, Mexico. He was interim governor of Yucatán in 1847 during the beginning of the so-called War of the Castes and the time when turning Mexico war with the United States.

Miguel Barbachano

"'Miguel Barbachano y Tarrazo" (San Francisco de Campeche; September 29, 1807 - Mérida; December 17, 1859) was a liberal politician Mexican, five times Governor of Yucatan between 1841 and 1853. He alternated in power with Santiago Méndez Ibarra, who represented the interests campechanos versus those of Mérida, Yucatán that were represented by the group of Miguel Barbachano, during the conflicting years prior to the split of the state of Yucatan by the separation of Campeche and just at the beginning of the so-called caste war, which was staged in the Yucatan Peninsula from 1847 to 1901.

High School Republican National Federation

The High School Republican National Federation, also known as the High School Republicans or HSReps, is a group led by students that wants to get young people involved in politics and help elect Republicans. Members of HSReps all over the country do things like join in political events and help out with Republican election campaigns. 

The High School Republican National Federation started in April 2022. It's run by students and helps local high school Republican groups work together better. It was made by bringing together different state groups that were already part of their state parties. Their goal is to fight for their beliefs in schools, talk to voters to get Republicans elected, and plan for a strong future. Some of these groups are called 'Teen Republicans,' but they all follow the same ideas set by the National Federation..

The High School Republican National Federation has groups in different states and cities all across the country. Some of the biggest groups are in New Jersey, Nebraska, and North Carolina. Altogether, they have around 10,000 members who are active. The main group oversees all the High School Republicans. It's run by a National Board made up of different leaders like a chairman, co-chairman, and others. They're in charge of making sure the group grows and supports Republican ideas. There's also a National Committee with representatives from each state to help with leadership.

Local chapters at high schools and counties work at a grassroots level to rally young people behind causes. Local High School Republican chapters have organized candidate forums, registered voters, and helped to elect Republicans in their own communities.

During elections, High School Republicans go door-to-door to talk to people, make phone calls, and tell others about Republican candidates.. These students help out in different campaigns, like those for Congressman Don Bacon, Heidi Ganahl, and others.

High School Republicans in different states are also getting involved in making laws. For example, in December 2023, the New Jersey High School Republicans went to Trenton, New Jersey, to talk about a new law called the Involve our Youth Act. This law would let high school students take time off school for activities that help their community. They worked together with the New Jersey High School Democrats to try to make this law happen..


See You Again (Carrie Underwood song)

"See You Again" is a 2013 song by country singer Carrie Underwood and is the fourth and final single from her fourth studio album "Blown Away". It went to number 34 in the United States and number 45 in Canada. It also went to number 7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 2 on the RPM Country Singles charts.


2022 in movies

2022 in film is a overview of events, including the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2022, festivals a list of country-specific lists of films released, and notable deaths. Universal Pictures and Paramount Pictures celebrated their 110th anniversaries in 2022.

TBA

TBA

TBA 

TBA 

TBA 

TBA 

TBA

TBA 

TBA
Undo It

"Undo It" is a 2010 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her third studio album "Play On". It went to number 23 in the United States, number 85 in Australia and number 43 in Canada. It also went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 2 on the Canadian Country charts.

Suhani Bhatnagar

Suhani Bhatnagar (Hindi: सुहानी भटनागर) (14 June 2004 – 17 February 2024) was a child actress in the Bollywood. She has acted as a model at a young age in different television advertisements, as well as in literature collections and movies but the turning point in her career was when she acted in the movie "Dangal". Dangal was released in 2016. At the age of 10 suhani had acted as Babita Phogat in the movie and for her amazing acting at a young age she got into limelight. After the success of Dangal, she decided to take a break from Bollywood and was instead focused on completing her studies. In an interview, she told that she would be back as actress once she complete her studies.

On 17 February 2024, Suhani died at the age of 19 due to a disease named Dermatomyositis.

Suhani had a disease called Dermatomyositis. She had red spots on her hands by the end of year 2023. She went to many big hospitals in Faridabad for treatment, but none of them was able to treat her. When she got very sick, she was taken to AIIMS Hospital in Delhi, but there also she did not get better. Due to the disease, Her body started filling with water and damaged her lungs. Suhani passed away on February 17, 2024. She was aged 19 at the time of her death.


This Is Where I Came In (song)

"This Is Where I Came In" is a 2001 song by Bee Gees and is the title track to their 22nd and final studio album "This Is Where I Came In". It went to number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in Scotland, number 76 in Australia, number 42 in Austria, number 41 in Switzerland, number 25 in Germany and number 37 in New Zealand.

1917-18 Austrian football championship

The 1917-18 Austrian football championshipwas organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. Only teams from Vienna and the Vienna suburbs were allowed to take part. Clubs from the crown lands had no opportunity to take part in the championship. Promotion and relegation was suspended during the war years.

The championship in the Erste Klasse was played by 10 teams. They met twice during the entire playing year. Floridsdorfer AC celebrated its first and only Austrian championship title this season. Due to the suspended relegation, the ASV Hertha managed to stay in the top division. This was the third time in a row for this reason alone.

Black Cherry (Goldfrapp song)

"Black Cherry" is a 2004 song by British dance band Goldfrapp. It is the title track to their second studio album "Black Cherry" and went to number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in Scotland and number 15 on the Billboard Dance Single charts.





Elliot Rodger

Elliot Rodger was born on July 24, 1991, in London, England to parents Peter Rodger and Li Chin. His mother is Malaysian and worked as a nurse during the production of "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade". His father is British and was involved in the film industry, directing commercials and serving as a second unit director on the 2012 film "The Hunger Games". Rodger hailed from the notable Rodger family, which had a history of wealth before suffering financial loss during the Great Depression. Rodger's grandfather, George Rodger, was a well-known photojournalist known for his World War II photography. The Rodgers would later move to Sussex, where Peter started working as a professional photographer. Li Chin left her nursing job to watch her son, later welcoming a daughter into the family. Rodger's grandmother later moved in, with Rodger developing a close bond with her. Rodger had a privileged childhood, experiencing affluence from a young age. He traveled to four different countries before he turned four years old. Rodger started attending Dorset House, a private all-boys school. Rodger disliked the school due to its strict environment, often leaving him in tears. 

When Rodger was five, his family moved to the United States, settling in Woodland Hills, California, an upscale suburb of Los Angeles. He went to Pinecrest Schools, later attending Topanga Elementary School where he made a few friends, including a blond girl and a boy who would become his best friend for 14 years. When Rodger was seven, his parents divorced, causing him to be devastated. Rodger and his younger sister lived with their mother during the weekdays and spent weekends with their father. A year after the divorce, Rodger's father married Soumaya Akaaboune, a Moroccan-born French actress known for her role in "Les Vraies Housewives", the French version of "The Real Housewives" series, and for having a small role in Matt Damon's movie "Green Zone". Rodger began showing signs of social and communication difficulties early in life. Throughout his time in elementary school Rodger would be quiet and withdrawn, often whispering answers if addressed, and preferred to write information down on paper rather than talk. He would use recess to hide behind buildings, avoiding interaction with his peers. Social gatherings like birthday parties made him anxious, and on one occasion at Disneyland, he was overwhelmed to tears by the crowds of people. 

In 1999, Rodger's mother filed an affidavit for more child support. She labeled her son as a "high-functioning autistic child" and claimed that she needed more child support to look after her son because of his special needs. Countering this, Rodger's father presented doctor Stephen M. Scappa, who stated the autism diagnosis was fake because the initial diagnosis might have missed conditions like "depression or anxiety." Scappa recommended that Rodger should undergo additional evaluation by a child psychiatrist to secure a correct diagnosis and appropriate treatment. Around this time, this is when Rodger began having a difficult relationship with Akaaboune. As Rodger grew, he became more aware and uncomfortable with his height and slender frame, making him the smallest person in his fourth-grade class. He became embarrassed about being of mixed race—half-white and half-Asian—which he felt set him apart from his peers who were entirely white. In an effort to blend in, at nine years old, Rodger dyed his hair blond and picked up skateboarding, hoping these changes would help him become friends with other children. During this time, Rodger began to experience feelings of resentment, convinced that life was unfairly better for some than for others. These feelings marked the beginning of his challenges with social interactions. Rodger felt that establishing friendships became increasingly difficult, particularly with women, leading to a sense of isolation and frustration.

Rodger's mother had met George Lucas and dated him briefly, leading to Rodger and his mother getting invitations to "Star Wars" premieres. Rodger immersed himself video games, getting gifted an Xbox to play popular video games such as "Halo" for hours. During this period, Akaaboune became pregnant and subsequently gave birth to a son. Rodger's enjoyment of movie's also began to disappear due to his discomfort with couples present at the movies. Throughout his middle school years, his social interactions significantly decreased, leading him to find solace in the online game "World of Warcraft". This game became a major part of his life, consuming up to 14 hours daily at his mother's residence and serving as his primary form of social engagement. When Rodger was 11, he found someone in an online chat room who shared explicit images of naked blond women with him. This exposure to pornography was entirely new to Rodger, finding himself overwhelmed with shock and emotions upon viewing the pictures. By the time Rodger was in middle school, feeling like an outcast, he began to intentionally annoy classmates to gain some attention. Rodger began to become known as the "quiet" and "weird kid," being subjected to teasing and bullying. Rodger was also bullied by a blond girl, leading him to start to hate women, whom he viewed as "heartless creatures." While at an Internet cafe, Rodger was startled and curious when he saw an older teenager watching pornography. This experience left him feeling a mixture of shock and arousal. Subsequently, Rodger walked home alone, crying and feeling too guilty to talk with his parents about it. As time passed, Rodger's inability to engage in sex worsened his misery. 

After finishing middle school, Rodger was eager to distance himself from girls and enrolled in Crespi Carmelite High School, an all-boys Roman Catholic institution. He initially looked forward to the new start, but his anticipation quickly turned to anxiety on his first day. Upon arriving and observing the older, taller students, Rodger experienced overwhelming fear, leading him to break down in tears and confess to his father that he was too scared to exit the car. During his first week at Crespi Carmelite High School, Rodger faced bullying from seniors, including incidents where they threw food at him during lunch. In one incident, Rodger, having fallen asleep in class, had his head taped to his desk by classmates. The bullying escalated with students taunting him over his fear of interacting with girls and called him homophobic slurs. Overwhelmed by the bullying, Rodger felt powerless to respond, often crying alone during school hours. As the bullying persisted, Rodger began to wait for the halls to be empty before going to his next class. He started to avoid doing his homework and would continue to play "World of Warcraft" for hours. On the last day of Rodger's freshman year, a classmate bragged about having sexual relations with his girlfriend. Since Rodger didn't believe him, the classmate played a voice recording of him and his girlfriend being intimate. Rodger was soon overcome with rage and jealousy. He was shortly called into the office and was picked up by his mother. During the car ride, Rodger sobbed heavily and shared the ordeal with her, marking his final day at the school. In 2007, Rodger was diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified (PDD-NOS), a condition on the autism spectrum that leads to challenges in social development. At the age of 15, he was prescribed a regimen of Xanax and Prozac, eventually taking Paxil. His parents then enrolled him in Taft Charter High School, a public school with a student body of 2,700. The transition to Taft Charter High School intensified Rodger's fears due to its large student population. Rodger reported experiences of being shoved against lockers and suffering verbal abuse from male students in the presence of female students. One afternoon, while leaving the school premises, Rodger stopped dead in his tracks and started having an anxiety attack. School staff had to call his mother to come and escort her son to her car. 

Rodger's parents decided to remove him from Taft High School after only a week, and after a few weeks of Rodger staying at home, enrolled him in Independence Continuation High School, a school of roughly 100 students that offered three to four hours of daily instruction aimed at assisting students facing challenges. Rodger remained mostly silent, continuing to immerse himself in playing "World of Warcraft" during his time there. After spending so much time on video games, Akaaboune became concerned and told him to get off, but this would anger Rodger, causing him to argue with his step-mother. In a later event Rodger rescued his younger brother from drowning in their family pool. The downturn in the commercial directing industry, exacerbated by the September 11 attacks, severely impacted Rodger's father's career. In response, he embarked on creating a documentary titled "Oh My God", which took him to over 23 countries in two and a half years to interview figures like Hugh Jackman and Ringo Starr on their perceptions of God. The documentary's release in November 2009 was a financial flop, selling only a few tickets and costing Rodger's father around $200,000, money he had secured from his home's equity. This drove Rodger's father into debt and forced him to stop child support payments. He explained to a judge that his business had been unprofitable for more than a year, leaving him without any income and in search of work. He sought to reduce his child support payments for his two children from $2,000 monthly. Rodger's mother acknowledged that her ex-husband financed his documentary by leveraging his home but consented to pause child support payments for a year. With Rodger's mother only making $40,000 a year working as a research assistant for a film company, she stated that she found herself relying on family and friends for money.

At the age of 17, the mere suggestion of visiting Morocco triggered a severe temper tantrum from Rodger. Despite his initial resistance, he ended up in Morocco but remained discontent, sulking at his mother until she finally gave in and allowed him to return home. By 18, Rodger stopped going to the mental health care his family provided and refused to take psychiatric medication he had been prescribed. Rodger graduated from Independence High School in 2010. His relationships with his step-mother and father grew increasingly strained over time, ultimately leading to him being kicked out from their house. Rodger harbored a fixation on becoming wealthy, believing it to be the key to gaining attention from women. He even went so far as to urge his mother to marry a wealthy man, disregarding her happiness for his ambitions. His mother expressed unwillingness to remarry. She suggested Rodger direct his energies toward writing, recognizing his potential talent in that area, and mentioned he could make money out of it. Considering this, Rodger thought that writing a successful book would be a quick path to wealth. Upon realizing the time and effort required for the success, he quickly gave up.

Rodger went on to enroll in Pierce College but didn't stay, choosing to leave the institution after seeing too many happy couples that caused him rage. Despite his mother's encouragement to seek employment, Rodger preferred to spend his time reading at Barnes and Noble, although the sight of couples would often incite anger in him. Worried about his direction in life, his parents hired a life coach to help Rodger. Despite their attempts, Rodger was resistant to the idea of employment, asserting that the jobs available were "beneath [him]," as he considered himself an "intellectual who [was] destined for greatness." He would often sit by himself in cafes, hoping for women to approach him. After leaving Pierce College, Rodger transitioned to Moorpark College, attracted by its smaller size and more appealing aesthetics, a decision made after a visit to the campus with his mother. Rodger began becoming hopeful that the change would mark a new beginning, particularly with the prospect of meeting blond girls, and he fantasized about showing a potential girlfriend around his new college campus. However, this was short-lived, as Rodger quickly found himself feeling lonely and sad at Moorpark. He developed feelings of envy towards a couple in one of his classes. By the time he turned 19, Rodger decided to take one class, a political science course, partly relieved that the couple from his previous class was not present, although he still encountered them on campus. His discomfort was further fueled by his social anxiety, particularly when he was called upon by a professor. After completing a year at Moorpark College, he dropped out in 2010. 

Rodger increasingly shared with his few friends his disturbing fantasies about dominating the world and committing acts of torture and murder. Over time, these conversations began to take a toll on his friendships, leading his friends to distance themselves and avoid him. In an attempt to help Rodger socialize more and reduce his isolation, his parents decided to send him to college in Santa Barbara. They were optimistic that being part of a college community would encourage him to make friends. Rodger agreed after having watched the 2006 American crime drama film "Alpha Dog". Thinking about the film, Rodger believed moving to Santa Barbara would give him the chance to lose his virginity and go to parties. In June 2011, Rodger moved from his mother's house to the Capri Apartments, and would attend Santa Barbara City College. Shortly after settling in, Rodger experienced intense jealousy towards a black peer who shared that he had lost his virginity at the age of 13. This deeply upset Rodger, driving him to retreat to his room in tears and reach out to his mother, expressing his frustration and jealousy over the attention black men received from blond women. Rodger found it hard to get along with several different roommates and chose to spend much of his time alone, seeking solitude at a golf course or the beaches around Isla Vista. In the fall of 2011, Rodger was assigned two new Hispanic roommates, who were subjected to his racial slurs. After the two moved out, Rodger was soon paired with another roommate in September 2011. The relationship between them deteriorated over time, leading the roommate to send a letter to Capri's management asking to be assigned a new apartment. The roommate stated that Rodger was rude on several occasions and had "huge psychological issues." He added that Rodger was a "ticking time bomb waiting to explode" and feared for their life. 

Rodger developed a deep resentment towards the people in Isla Vista, seeing himself as a sophisticated person deserving of relationships with attractive blond women. He believed these women rejected him, and blamed men who were more successful than him. In July 2011, during a visit to Starbucks, Rodger noticed a couple engaging in a kiss. Overwhelmed by his emotions, he followed them outside and, in a moment of anger, threw his coffee at them. The man yelled at Rodger, prompting him to flee the scene in fear. On another incident, just days away from turning 20, Rodger encountered another couple at a food court, seeing them kissing. Driven by jealousy, he followed them in his car and splashed them with iced tea. Rodger's feelings of jealousy were further inflamed when one of his roommates invited his girlfriend over, leading Rodger to internally question why a girl would choose to date someone he perceived as unattractive. In an attempt to find social connection, Rodger made a friend who introduced him to other acquaintances in hopes of integrating him into their circle. During this period, Rodger developed an obsession with designer clothing, purchasing numerous items in an attempt to elevate his status. Rodger's friend of 14 years would later end their friendship when he could no longer deal with Rodger's increasingly disturbing perspectives. In January 2012, while driving past a bus stop, Rodger saw two blond women and attempted to engage with them by smiling. When they did not return the smile, he reacted turning his car around and splashing his latte on them.

By February 2012, Rodger's frustration with his social interactions, particularly with blond women whom he perceived as evil, led him to withdraw from all his college classes from Santa Barbara City College. This revelation led Rodger to begin to contemplate what he referred to as the "Day of Retribution," a planned attack to avenge his perceived slights and loneliness. Rodger later attended a private Katy Perry concert and went to the red carpet premiere of "The Hunger Games" with his father in March 2012, where he met Jack Ross, the 16-year-old son of the film's director, Gary Ross. In a bid to achieve instant wealth, Rodger bought lottery tickets for The Mega Millions jackpot in June 2012, but his hopes were dashed when he did not win. Determined to amass the funds he believed were necessary for his planned act of vengeance, Rodger managed to save up $5,000 to buy the supplies he thought he needed. In July 2012, while walking alone in a park, he observed some college students playing kickball. Overwhelmed by envy, especially upon seeing blond women interacting with men, Rodger went to a Kmart, purchased a Super Soaker, and filled it with orange juice. He returned to the park and sprayed the students while yelling at them. In August 2012, Rodger encountered "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne, a book that promoted the "law of attraction." Motivated by its principles, he dedicated the entire month to meditating in his room, vividly imagining himself walking through a park alongside a beautiful girl. Later in September 2012, after not winning the Mega Millions $120 million jackpot, Rodger was engulfed in a fit of despair, screaming and crying for hours on end. This led him to go to a gun range, fueled by a desire to familiarize himself with firearms as part of the groundwork for his contemplated attack. 

Rodger began to meticulously plan his attack around Halloween of 2013 but eventually scrapped the idea, fearing the heightened police presence typical of the holiday might thwart his plans. In November 2012, his quest for a quick fortune drove him to drive from California to Arizona to purchase tickets for the Powerball jackpot, which had soared to $500 million. Despite driving over to Arizona four times, his efforts were met with consistent failure, each loss pushing him deeper into fury. Thinking he would remain a virgin forever, he actively began to plan and prepare for the "Day of Retribution". In December 2012, Rodger bought a Glock 34 semiautomatic pistol for $755.57 at a firearms dealer in Goleta, California. As the spring of 2013 approached, Rodger's thoughts turned darker as he began to seriously contemplate orchestrating the "Day of Retribution," purchasing a Sig Sauer P226 handgun in March 2013 for $1,179.48 in Burbank, California. Rodger began to plan his attack sometime in November of 2013. Rodger and two other people were placed as roommates in their apartment complex not long after having taken a questionnaire about their personalities. Rodger would go with them to the gym and dinner, but after a few occasions, he started to distance himself. He became withdrawn and was frequently heard having intense phone calls from his room. The roommates suspected that Rodger possessed a firearm because they had heard a clicking sound numerous times. They decided to move out in June 2013 as they became more uncomfortable living with Rodger.

On July 20, 2013, Rodger, intent on losing his virginity before his 22nd birthday, consumed vodka to induce intoxication. He attended a party with the hope of engaging with women. Frustrated by his inability to talk with them, Rodger grew enraged and climbed a 10-foot ledge, pretending to shoot people with his finger. Subsequently, he attempted to shove multiple women off the ledge but was thwarted by a group of men who pushed him off instead, resulting in a fractured ankle. Following the fall, Rodger tried to leave the party but realized he had lost his sunglasses. Still highly inebriated, he attempted to return to the party but inadvertently walked into another house and got into another fight. The students called him names and beat him up. Rodger, battered and bloodied, had to stumble back to his apartment. The following day, two sheriff's deputies visited Rodger in the hospital. Rodger claimed being pushed off the ledge after insulting someone's appearance, asserting that he then went to a different house's front yard and sat on a law chair, when out of nowhere, approximately ten men showed up and beat him up. When asked why he didn't call the cops, Rodger claimed he didn't know who to reach out to. 

A deputy remarked on Rodger's dishonesty, deeming him too "timid" and "shy" to tell the true events. A witness said a man who looked like Rodger began the fight by trying to push two women off a ledge. They didn't fall, but Rodger tried to push two more women before he jumped off the ledge and ran. The witness stated that Rodger was alone and acted strange He noted that Rodger wasn't talking to anyone at the party. After arriving at his apartment, a neighbor observed Rodger returning home in tears, swearing to kill those who attacked him and contemplated suicide. Rodger disclosed in his manifesto that this event was the decisive moment that propelled him to finalize his plans for the attack. The sheriff's office concluded Rodger had started the fight, and the investigation was closed without further action. They did not arrest Rodger or interrogate him further.

In August 2013, fueled by resentment over his broken ankle and repeated rejections from women, Rodger concluded that his only resolve was to enact his planned attack. However, hindered by his fractured ankle, he postponed his scheme until the following spring of 2014. Rodger's parents sought more professional help for him, leading to therapy sessions with Charles Sophy, a controversial psychiatrist who began treating Rodger in late 2012. He prescribed him Risperidone, an antipsychotic drug, which Rodger decided not to take after researching it online. Subsequently, Rodger stopped going to his appointments with Sophy by the fall of 2013. Rodger experienced jealousy and increased distress when he noticed women showing interest to one of his counselors. Although he developed a connection with a female counselor, her relocation left him reluctant to seek a replacement, feeling that hiring a woman for companionship resembled engaging in prostitution. Around this time, his parents enlisted the help of a life coach named Gavin Linderman. Linderman provided Rodger with rehabilitation and instructions to improve his social life, requiring Rodger to travel to Los Angeles for the sessions. During their meetings, Rodger opened up to the life coach about his struggles with his virginity. Linderman suggested that moving out from Isla Vista would be beneficial, but Rodger promptly dismissed that idea. During this period, Rodger's envy toward his six-year-old stepbrother intensified, particularly as his brother secured opportunities to appear in television commercials. Consumed by jealousy, Rodger began plotting the murder of his stepbrother, fearing his sibling would surpass him in popularity with girls. Additionally, he devised a plan to kill his stepmother by stabbing her in the neck due to disliking her. Rodger planned to commit the murders while his father was away on a business trip, as Rodger harbored concerns that he might hesitate if confronted with the task of killing his own father. Amidst his intentions, Rodger's mother bought him a BMW 3-series coupe, giving a glimmer of hope within him that he might attract a girlfriend during the remaining months of 2013. 

In September 2013, Rodger was assigned a random apartment where he gained two new roommates, 20-year-old Weihan "David" Wang and 20-year-old Cheng Yuan "James" Hong. As Wang's mother helped her son move his stuff into the apartment, she urged the three to take care of each other, which Rodger quickly brushed off. Rodger would spend most of his time out of the apartment or alone in his room, making Wang feel bothered by Rodger's antisocial behavior. He filed complaints with the building manager, claiming Rodger played loud music during the night. On January 15, 2014, a fight happened between Rodger and Hong when Rodger accused him of stealing three candles valued at $22. The conflict began when Rodger, irritated by Hong's cooking, took his measuring cup, prompting Hong to retaliate by taking Rodger's candles in an attempt to initiate a trade. Rodger responded by placing Hong under a citizen's arrest. Upon police intervention, Hong claimed he believed Rodger had stolen his possessions, including a rice bowl, though Rodger denied the allegations. Law enforcement discovered the candles on Hong's bed. Hong was arrested and charged with petty theft and refused to return them. He was found guilty, fined, and later released. Hong had become by Rodger's actions but refrained from confronting him, concerned that it might worsen their living conditions. Hong and Wang distanced themselves from Rodger and went on to sign a lease with their 19-year-old friend George Chen for a different apartment. Rodger began to plan to murder Wang and Hong, due to disliking them and feeling they would get in the way of his attack. In January 2014, Rodger contemplated launching his planned attack during Valentine's Day or Deltopia, a spring break event drawing crowds to Isla Vista in early April. However, he dismissed these dates due to heightened police presence and his realization that he required additional time for preparation. Eventually, he settled on April 26, 2014, as the revised date for his attack. During this period, he acquired another Sig Sauer P226 firearm incase the other two firearms jammed. He bought another Sig Sauer P226 handgun for $1,132 in Oxnard, California in February 2014. Throughout February and March, Rodger visited gun ranges, making multiple ammunition purchases. He funded his weapon purchases with money he had saved from gifts from his grandparents and the $500 monthly allowance his father sent him.

Rodger mainly expressed his emotions through platforms like YouTube and Facebook, where he shared his frustrations about his romantic failures and his views on life. He was subscribed to multiple YouTube channels associated with the Men's rights movement, which posted content aimed at advising men on attracting and talking with women. Rodger also maintained a second YouTube channel named "Valtharion". He would leave negative comment across several videos, including calling women derogatory terms, saying racist statements, and accusing other men of lying about their relationships with women. Additionally, Rodger boasted about his affluent family background and expressed a sense of superiority due to being half-white. On his personal blog, named "Elliot Rodger's Official Blog," he portrayed himself as a "sophisticated, polite gentleman," expressing his difficulties in socializing and connecting with others in Isla Vista. Rodger frequently shared photos on his Facebook, Google Plus, and YouTube, often showcasing himself alongside his BMW. Rodger frequently engaged with online communities such as ForeverAlone and PUAHate, where men who struggled with romantic relationships shared their grievances, critiqued each other and expressed disdain towards women and pick-up artists. Within these forums, Rodger and other men identified themselves as "Incels", a term for involuntary celibate, where they discussed their struggles to find a romantic or sexual partner. 

Because users on PUAHate shared similar negative perceptions of women, it further convinced Rodger that the difficulties some men experienced in finding partners were because women are "wicked and degenerate." Rodger also expressed racist views in his posts, including mocking an Asian man trying to date a white women and stating it was "rage-inducing" after he saw black man hanging out with white women. In April 2014, he had uploaded several videos to YouTube lamenting his loneliness and frustration over his inability to attract a girlfriend, with titles such as: "Why do girls hate me so much?", "Life is so unfair because girls don't want me", and "My reaction to seeing a young couple at the beach, Envy". In other videos he filmed himself on scenic drives amidst palm trees and dancing to music. He would secretly follow couples and record them while complaining how lonely he felt by seeing them. Rodger would post his YouTube videos to forums like Bodybuilding.com, where despite his attempts to showcase his loneliness, users lefts comments on his videos that ridiculed him, branding him as desperate and insecure. On bodybuilding.com, a user compared Rodger's demeanor to that of a serial killer, attributing his romantic failures to sounding creepy. Additionally, one of Rodger's YouTube videos garnered attention on Reddit's "cringe" forum, where a user drew comparisons between Rodger and the fictional serial killer Patrick Bateman from "American Psycho".

In the days leading up to his planned April attack, Rodger created a 137-page manifesto called "My Twisted World: The Story of Elliot Rodger". Rodger wrote that women's refusal to accept him was a "declaration of war" and hoped for his attacks to reshape humanity. He believed that to "purify the world," it was necessary to get rid of love and sexuality from human existence. He imagined imprisoning women in concentration camps where most would die from starvation. Rodger also wrote that he imagined the continuation of humanity would be through artificial insemination, ensuring men would be unaware of women's existence. Rodger detailed his plan for his "Day of Retribution," and divided into three parts. The first phase involved killing his two roommates first, where he would then lure people into his apartment, wanting to slowly torture them before killing them. The second phase, which he called the "War on Women," was where he intended to kill as many blond women as he could inside the Alpha Phi sorority house. In his final phase, Rodger planned to drive to his father's house and kill his stepmother and half-brother. He would then steal their Mercedes SUV and drive it to Isla Vista, shooting and hitting as many people as possible with his car.

In April, Rodger extended his preparations by visiting two additional gun ranges. In the week before his planned "Day of Retribution," Rodger posted multiple videos to his YouTube channel, clinging to the hope that a woman might see his videos and ask him out on a date. As this did not happen, Rodger planned to finish writing his manifesto and upload one last video minutes before he started his attack. However, Rodger became sick with a cold on April 24, leading him to ponder whether it was a sign to abandon his intentions. Consequently, he postponed the date by a month, settling on May 24, to allow recovery from his cold and more time to live.

On April 30, 2014, Rodger's mother became worried after she hadn't heard from her son in four days. She found the videos he had posted online and became shocked, reaching out to his therapist. The therapist then contacted a mental health professional, who requested a welfare check on Rodger. Responding to the request, four sheriff's deputies, a university police officer, and a dispatcher in training visited Rodger's apartment. Rodger explained that he had no thoughts of hurting anyone or himself and his videos were his way of expressing his social difficulties in Isla Vista. A deputy called Rodger's mother to update her and handed the phone to Rodger, who reassured her he was alright and would call her later. The deputies also provided Rodger with information on local support services and determined he did not meet the criteria for an involuntary hold. Because the officers did not watch the videos or check if Rodger owned any weapons, they determined that Rodger did not pose an immediate risk to himself or others. After the authorities left, Rodger felt relieved they did not search his apartment, fearing they would have located his firearms and manifesto, causing him to go to prison. He maintained possession of a gun and several loaded magazines close at hand. Rodger intended to use them against the police if they returned and then planned to flee. This caused Rodger to remove most of his videos from YouTube in case of being caught. In the description of one of his videos, Rodger mentioned that he had temporarily removed most of his videos due to the concern they had caused among some of his family members. Rodger planned to re-post them in the days leading up to his attack in May. 

As the pressure mounted in anticipation of his looming attack, Rodger turned to Xanax to alleviate his escalating anxiety. Days before his attack, he posted on bodybuilding.com before discovering and posting on anxietyzone.com. Throughout May 2014, Rodger embarked on drives across Santa Barbara, savoring his final weeks alive. On May 22, he reposted the "Why do girls hate me so much?" video on YouTube. However, despite initially selecting May 24 as the date for his attack, Rodger unexpectedly initiated his assault a day earlier, on May 23. Carrying a 6- and 8-inch "SRK" knife along with a nine-inch boar hunting knife, Rodger first ambushed Wang upon his return to their apartment. Wang, attempting to fend off the attack, found himself subjected to a barrage of 15 stabbing wounds and 23 slashing injuries. Subsequently, Rodger dragged Wang's lifeless body to a secluded corner of a bedroom, hiding it beneath blankets, towels, and clothing. Hong entered the apartment next, only to be then ambushed by Rodger. Despite his efforts to defend himself, Hong fell victim to 25 stab wounds and 12 slashing injuries. Hong's body was then dragged into the same bedroom and thrown face down halfway on top of Wang's body. The final victim Chen, Wang and Hong's friend, arrived at the apartment last. Rodger ambushed Chen, unleashing a total of 94 stab wounds and 11 slashing injuries as Chen attempted to defend himself. Rodger left Chen's lifeless body in a bathroom. Rodger had tried to clean the apartment's hallways and hide signs of the earlier stabbings as each victim entered the apartment. With blood spattered on the walls, using bathroom towels and paper towels, Rodger attempted to clean up the blood, but they quickly became soaked. 

Following the murders of the three men, Rodger discarded his blood-drenched clothes and made his way to Starbucks. There, he purchased a triple-vanilla latte. Less than two hours after his Starbucks visit, and minutes before his attack, Rodger uploaded a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution" and emailed his 137-page manifesto to 34 people, including his parents, friends, and therapists. In the video, Rodger is seen sitting in his BMW during a sunset, reciting scripted lines and letting out fake laughs. Rodger explained in the video that he was frustrated that he was still a virgin at 22, that he would "punish" women for rejecting him, and hated sexually active men. Upon receiving a call from Linderman to check what her son had sent, Rodger's mother hurriedly checked the email, discovering his manifesto. Alarmed by its contents and subsequently locating Rodger's "Retribution" video online, she promptly contacted Rodger's father, and they swiftly set off toward Isla Vista while alerting the authorities. Meanwhile, Rodger proceeded to the Alpha Phi sorority house, attempting to gain entry by knocking on the door for three minutes. Foiled in his attempt, he retreated to his car, where he opened fire from an open window at three women returning to their Delta Delta Delta sorority house. The victims were 19-year-old Veronika Weiss, 22-year-old Katherine Cooper, and 20-year-old Bianca DeKock. One person started giving Cooper CPR, while another tried to comfort Weiss by holding her head and talking to her, but both sorority sisters succumbed to their injuries. DeKock, in a call with her mother, was crying that she was going to die. A deputy arrived to provide aid to DeKock, applying pressure to her wounds, while a bystander continued to administer first aid when the deputy joined the pursuit of Rodger. A person told DeKock's mother that her daughter was going to survive. 

After departing from the sorority house, Rodger executed a three-point turn in a driveway along Pardall Road. Driving past a closed coffee shop on Pardall, he discharged a shot toward it. Continuing his rampage, he proceeded to the IV Deli Mart, where he unleashed a barrage of gunfire at individuals nearby. 20-year-old Christopher Michaels-Martinez was at the Deli's entrance and turned around to look at Rodger's car. He was shot in the chest, resulting in injuries to his liver and the right ventricle of his heart. Michaels-Martinez managed to stumble inside the deli but succumbed to his injuries despite CPR attempts by a 19-year-old woman. Rodger fired additional shots into the deli, shattering windows and sending people scrambling for cover. Unrelenting in his assault, Rodger resumed driving, striking a man with his vehicle, knocking him into the air. Recklessly driving on the wrong side of the street, he collided with another pedestrian and fired shots at two individuals on the sidewalk, narrowly missing them. He then targeted a couple exiting a pizzeria and a female cyclist. Navigating through several streets, Rodger engaged in a harrowing exchange of gunfire with a sheriff's deputy, injuring two pedestrians in the process. Continuing his spree, he shot and wounded three more individuals on Sabado Tarde Street, striking a skateboarder and two cyclists with his vehicle before shooting two men at another intersection. 

Near the intersection of El Embarcadero and Sabado Tarde, Rodger engaged in a shootout with four sheriff's deputies, sustaining a gunshot wound to the hip. Desperate to evade capture, Rodger navigated through several streets, striking another cyclist whose impact shattered the car's windshield. Rodger's attempt to flee made him crash into several vehicles. As law enforcement officers surrounded the car, they mistakenly handcuffed the injured cyclist, initially suspecting him to be a potential second assailant. Realizing their error, they promptly provided him with medical attention, acknowledging him as a victim rather than an accomplice. Upon searching Rodger's vehicle, police discovered his lifeless body, having succumbed to a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Inside the car, authorities found a cache of weaponry, including a Glock 34 handgun, two SIG Sauer P226 handguns, 500 additional rounds of live ammunition, and two knives. The entire spree of attacks unfolded within eight minutes, during which Rodger discharged approximately 55 9mm rounds. The rampage resulted in the deaths of six University of California, Santa Barbara students, with 14 others sustaining injuries.

Luke Combs

Luke Combs is an American singer of country music. As late as 2023, he had number one singles on Billboard's country music charts.

He is born in North Carolina and grew up there.

Biometric passport

A Biometric passport, also known as a electronic passport, e-passport or Digital passport), is a special kind of passport that has extra safety features. These passports have a small electronic chip inside. The chip stores special information about the person, like their fingerprint or face, along with regular passport details such as name, birthday, and country. This chip helps to confirm the person's identity, making it harder for someone to use a fake passport or steal someone else's identity.

Electronic passports work by using smart technology that doesn't need to be touched to read the information. This makes it quick and easy for border control officers to check who the passport belongs to when people enter or leave a country, especially at places like airports.

These passports are important because they make international travel safer and more organized. Many countries now use electronic passports to follow international rules about passport safety set by groups like the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). These rules help make sure passports work the same way all over the world and make traveling easier for everyone.

Malaysia was the first country in the world to issue biometric passports. They did it in March 1998. In 2008, Qatar became the first country from GCC to issue a biometric passport in accordance with ICAO’s guidelines.

Kwadwo Asamoah

Kwadwo Asamoah (, ; born 9 December 1988) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer. Mainly a left midfielder or left-back, he was also occasionally deployed as a central midfielder. Left-footed midfielder, very tactically flexible, his best qualities are dynamism and physical power; these, combined with good basic technique and excellent insertion times, make him a valid player in both phases of the game. Able to combine quality and quantity, he was born as a midfielder and then established himself as a left winger of a 5-piece midfield, during his time with Juventus, under the guidance of Antonio Conte; his successor on the Juventus bench, Massimiliano Allegri, described him as "one of those horses who stay still for a long time, and as soon as they have the opportunity, they start again at full speed". Nonetheless, an early physical decline combined with a poor adaptability to the role of full-back in a 4-piece defence, heavily undermined his performance in the second part of his career. Widely considered as one of the best Ghanaian midfielders of all time.

Juventus

Inter Milan

Ghana
Individual


Behnám Khoshnazar

Behnam Khoshnazar (born June 25, 1999) is an Iranian-American Actor. He was born in Iran and moved to America when he was young. Khoshnazar has been working at FireBite Films since 2023 as an actor. He is known for his theatric act, "Forgotten Mirage."

Khoshnazar was three years old when he moved to America with his parents. After finishing his early education at Rio Americane High School. In 2010, He started his career in Acting and worked in several theatre plays. Khoshnazar took professional acting classes and joined different theaters.

Picea abies

Picea abies, the Norway spruce or European spruce, is a species of spruce native to Northern, Central and Eastern Europe. Its branches hang downwards, and it hasthe largest cones of any spruce, 9–17 cm long. It is very closely related to the Siberian spruce ("Picea obovata"). The Norway spruce is planted for its wood, and is the species used as the main Christmas tree in many countries around the world.

Polypedates bengalensis

The brown blotched Bengal tree frog or brown blotched whipping frog ("Polypedates bengalensis") is a frog. It lives in India.People have seen it between 7 and 13 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in small pieces of forest and on bamboo and banana plants in gardens.

Ben Drowned

Ben Drowned (originally titled Haunted Majora's Mask Cartridge, often displayed as BEN DROWNED or BEN Drowned) is the title of an alternate reality game started in 2010 by Alex Hall. The story was originally written as a series of posts and videos by a college student plagued by a haunted copy of "The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask". After the conclusion, readers noticed changes on the protagonist's YouTube channel that launched the ARG portion of the story.

Hatim al-Tai

Hatim al-Tai (, 'Hatim of the Tayy tribe'; died 578), full name Ḥātim bin ʿAbd Allāh bin Saʿd aṭ-Ṭāʾiyy () was an Arab knight, chieftain of the Tayyi tribe of Arabia, ruler of Shammar, and poet who lived in the last half of the sixth into the beginning of the seventh century. Today he is best known for his altruism. Additionally, he is known to be a model of Arab manliness. His name "Hatim" means 'black crow' in Arabic. He appears in the "Arabian Nights", where his tomb is described.

Lipan Apache people

Lipan Apache are a band of Apache, an Indigenous people of the United States. They lived in the U.S. Southwest and Southern Plains for hundreds of years. About 500 years ago, they lived in New Mexico, Colorado, Oklahoma, Texas, and northern Mexico. They were the easternmost band of Apache in historical times.

Lipan Apache descendants today are enrolled members of the Mescalero Apache Tribe in New Mexico. Other Lipan descendants are enrolled with the Tonkawa Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma and Apache Tribe of Oklahoma, also known as the Kiowa Apache or Plains Apache. Other Lipan Apache descendants live primarily in Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arizona, and northern Mexico.

The name "Lipán" comes from Spanish. It is the Spanish way of pronouncing the name "Łibaį́ Ndé" or "Lépai-Ndé" ("Light Gray People"), which they used to call themselves. The name is related to their own stories of where they came from. The earliest known written record of the Lipan Apache identified this tribe as "Ypandes". The words meanings are: "lépai," which means 'the color gray', and "ndé," which means 'the people'. Lipan thus means 'The Light Gray People'. Today, Apaches call themselves themselves as 'the people', which in their language was "Inde" or "Diné".

The Lipan Apache people were first called the "Ypandes". Captain Felipe de Rábago y Terán first wrote the term "Lipanes" in 1761. The terms "Eastern Apache" and "Texas Apache" can also include them as well as the Chiricahua and Mescalero. The Spanish wrote their names as "Achos", "Chipaines", "Conejeros", and "Rio Colorados" (or "Canadian River Apaches"). The Spanish also wrote that the Tucubante were a band of Lipan Apache.

Lipan Apache belongs to the Southern Athabaskan group of languages. It is similar to the Jicarilla Apache language. In 1981, two elders on the Mescalero Apache Reservation were fluent Lipan speakers. The Lipan Apache people now have programs to teach the language to tribal members.

The Lipan Apache came from a combination of several Eastern Apache bands. As a confederacy (group), they came together to defend themselves against the Comanche and their allies. By about 1720, the Comanche drove the Lipan Apache away from the southern Great Plains. By the early 1700s, the Lipan were made up of regional groupings/divisions, which were in turn made of several bands – the Forest Lipan division (Lower Lipan bands), the Plains Lipan division (Upper Lipan bands), and bands who lived mostly in northern Mexico (Mexican Lipan bands). 



Mexican Lipan bands


The Spanish considered these groups to be Lipan:


Confederated eastern Apache bands had a homeland that stretched from the Southern Great Plains to the Gulf of Mexico. Much of this area was in Texas. The Mescalero Apache may have drawn the pictographs at Hueco Tanks, which were made between 1500 and 1879.

Ancestors of the Lipan Apache who living along the Canadian River first met Europeans during the Expedition of Francisco Vásquez de Coronado. Coronado traveled there in 1541 and was still in the region when Diego de Vargas arrived in 1694. Historians believe the Teya Indians of the Texas Panhandle likely merged into the Lipan.

Lipan Apache got horses from the Spanish by 1608 and adopted a nomadic lifestyle. They were excellent horsemen and freely raided settlements. Throughout the 1600s, Spaniards raided Apache communities for slaves. The Acho, a branch of Lipan, fought with Taos Pueblo and Picuris Pueblo people against the Spanish in the 1620 Pueblo Revolt.

In 1684, Spanish colonists built the Mission San Francisco de los Julimes near Presidio, Texas. At the mission, there were Jumano, Julime, and neighboring tribes. These tribes taught the peyote ceremony to the Tonkawa and Lipan. They then shared it with the Comanches, Mescalero Apaches, and Plains Apaches. In the 1860s, the Spanish wrote that some Lipan Apache lived near the Gulf Coast and adopted the lifestyle of the neighboring Karankawa.

By 1700, Lipan lived across southern Texas and in Coahuila, Mexico. They still lived in agricultural settlements, where they farmed native crops such as pumpkins, corn, and beans, as well as watermelons, which were originally brought from Africa. French explorer Bénard de La Harpe found the Lipan Apache near what is now Latimer County, Oklahoma, in 1719.

Spanish records first mentioned the Lipan in 1718 when they raided Spanish settlements in San Antonio. They often raided Spanish supply trains traveling from Coahuila to San Antonio.

In 1749, two Lipan Apache chiefs and other Apache leaders signed a peace treaty with Spain in San Antonio. It was one of the earliest peace treaties signed in that city. Some Lipan Apache people lived northwest of San Antonio during the mid-1700s.

Spanish colonists built forts and missions near Lipan settlements. A mission on the San Sabá River was completed in 1757 but destroyed by the Comanche and the Wichita. That same year, the Lipan Apache fought the Hasinais, a band of Caddo people. The Lipan participated in a Spanish expedition against the Wichita and Comanche peoples in 1759. However, they were defeated in the Battle of the Twin Villages. Missions established for the Lipan at Candelaria and San Lorenzo were destroyed by the Comanche in 1767.

By 1767, all Lipan had completely left the Spanish missions. In the same year, Marquis of Rubí started a policy of killing the Lipan after a 1764 smallpox epidemic had killed many Lipans.

In the early 1800s, Lipan Apache mostly lived in south and west Texas, south of the Colorado River to the Gulf of Mexico and east to the Rio Grande. They were allied with the Tonkawa beginning in tge 1800s. To resist their enemies the Comanche and the Mexicans, the Lipan Apache allied with the Republic of Texas in the 1830s. They served as United States Army Indian Scouts to the Texas Militia during the Texas Revolution of 1835–36.

After it became a state, the State of Texas had many war debts and sold land to make money. The state left almost no land to Native Americans. Texas established the Brazos Reservation in 1854. About 2,000 members of the Caddo, Anadarko, Waco, and Tonkawa tribes lived there. Then the tribes had to move to Indian Territory by 1859.

In 1855, some Lipan Apache joined the Brazos Reservation, but most did not. Some joined the Plains Apache in Oklahoma; others joined the Mescalero in New Mexico, and others fled to Mexico.

In 1869, Mexican soldiers from Monterrey were brought to Zaragosa to kill the Lipan Apache, who were blamed for starting conflict. Chief Magoosh (Lipan, ca. 1830–1900) led his band from Texas and joined the Mescalero Apache on the Mescalero Reservation in 1870. Soldiers attacked many Lipan camps; survivors fled to the Mescaleros in New Mexico. From 1875 to 1876, United States Army soldiers undertook joint military campaigns with the Mexican Army to kill the Lipan from the state of Coahuila in northern Mexico. In 1879, a group of 17 Lipan settled near Fort Griffin, Texas, but in 1884 they were forcibly removed to Indian Territory, where they joined the Tonkawa.

In 1891, the Lipans negotiated with President of Mexico Porfirio Diaz to preserve the Lipan’s tribal land in Zaragosa. This agreement lasted about 12 years until they were displaced from Zaragosa, after resisting joining the Mexican Army.

In October 1903, 19 Lipan Apaches who fled Texas into Coahuila were taken to northwest Chihuahua and kept as prisoners of war until 1905. They were released to the Mescalero Reservation.

Today, Lipan live mostly in northern Mexico and the U.S. Southwest, in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, and in urban and rural areas throughout North America (Mexico, United States, and Canada). Lipan Apache descendants are enrolled with the Mescalero Apache Tribe in New Mexico, Tonkawa Tribe in Oklahoma, and the Apache Tribe of Oklahoma.

There are three Lipan Apache communities in Texas whose members are descendants of Lipan Apache. These Texas Lipan communities are:

On March 18, 2009, SR 438 titled "Recognizing the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas" was adopted in the Texas Senate, legislative session 81(R). Jointly, on the same day, HR 812 titled "Recognizing the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas" was adopted in the Texas House of Representatives. Although not signed by the Governor or law, these resolutions expressed the views of the Senate and the House in recognizing the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas as "the present-day incarnation of the clans, bands, and divisions historically known as the Lipan Apaches, who have lived in Texas and northern Mexico for 300 years" and commending the people of this Tribe for their contributions to the state.

In August 2014, after nine years of litigation by Robert Soto (Vice-chairman of the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas) and other plaintiffs against the U.S. Department of Interior (DOI), the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals found that the seizure of 50 eagle feathers during a 2006 Lipan Apache pow wow violated Robert Soto's rights as a "sincere adherent to an American Indian religion" under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) of 1993. They concluded that Congress did not specifically aim to safeguard the religious rights solely of federally recognized tribe members. The Court accepted that he was "without dispute an [American] Indian" and a member of the Lipan Apache Tribe acknowledged to have "long historical roots" in Texas and who had a history of "government-to-government" relationships with the Republic of Texas, State of Texas, and the United States. The opinion discussed and was limited only to "Soto's RFRA claim based on his and his tribe's status". They remanded to the lower district court for proceedings consistent with their opinion, and the case was cabined to "Native American co-religionists" (referring to the "religious practices of real Native Americans"). The DOI and the plaintiffs settled the case on June 3, 2016. Through the settlement, the DOI granted lifetime permits to over 400 Native Americans plaintiffs who were not members of federally recognized tribes to "possess, carry, use, wear, give, loan, or exchange among other Indians, without compensation, all federally protected birds, as well as their parts or feathers" for their "Indian religious use", in accordance to "the terms set forth in the DOI's February 5, 1975 'Morton Policy'". The case was officially closed on February 17, 2017.

In 2019, State of Texas 86th Legislature, adopted concurrent resolutions, Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 61 (SCR 61) and House Concurrent Resolution No. 171 (HCR 171), that affirmed the Texas Legislature's views that the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas was "the present-day incarnation of a proud people who have lived in Texas and northern Mexico for more than 300 years" and commended the the people of this Tribe for their contributions to the state. Each concurrent resolutions was signed by the Senate, House, and the Governor.

They are members of the National Congress of American Indians as a state-recognized tribe under courts of claims. The Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas is headquartered in McAllen, Texas.

Ethnographer James Mooney estimated that there were 500 Lipan Apache in 1690. Missionary priest Friar Diego Ximenez estimated that the Lipan Apache population was 5000 in 1762, 3000 in 1763, and 4000 in 1764. In 1778, Spanish military commanders meeting in Monclova, Coahuila, estimated the population of Lipan men to be 5000. By 1820, Mexican government official Juan Padilla estimated that there were 700 Lipans in Texas. Opler and Ray estimated that the Lipan population between 1845-1855 ranged from 500 to 1000. The 1910 census lists 28 Lipan Apache people who were enrolled in federally recognized tribes.

Below is a list of Lipan Apache chiefs. The years show when they were likely active as chiefs.






Dubna

Dubna is a small Russian city which is known for discovering many transactinides. It is known for having of the largest scientific centers.

Watch Dogs 2

Watch Dogs 2 is an action-adventure game released in 2016. It was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is a sequel to Watch Dogs released in 2014. The game was released for the Playstation 4, Xbox One and Windows in November 2016. It released on Amazon Luna and Google Stadia in late 2020.

Page/Endnotes Guide for Infinite Jest

This index allows the reader of the novel Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace to locate the page number where any of the book's 388 endnote numbers appear in superscript in the main body of the novel.

Pagination is the same in the hardcover edition (ISBN 978-0-316-92004-9, 1996) and the paperback, (ISBN 978-0-316-06652-5, February 1997).

Agustín de Iturbide y Green

Agustín José de Iturbide y Green (Mexico City, April 2, 1863-Washington, United States, March 3, 1925) was a Mexican nobleman, only son of Ángel de Iturbide, Mexican prince (fifth son of Agustín de Iturbide) and his American wife Alice Green He died in Washington on March 3, 1925. His remains were buried in the Church of St. John the Evangelist in Philadelphia.

Ryan Kaji

Ryan Kaji is an American child YouTuber. He is best known for making toy reviews on his YouTube channel, Ryan's World. He also plays games with his family, including his parents and sisters.

Nyctixalus

Nyctixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. People call them Indonesian tree frogs in English. They live in the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, the Philippines, and southern Vietnam. "Nyctixalus" frogs are like "Theloderma" frogs, but they are two different genuses. Scientists call them "sister taxa." Scientists thought "Nyctixalus" was a subgenus inside "Theloderma", but they looked at the frogs more and changed their minds.

"Nyctixalus" are medium-sized frogs. The adults frogs are long from nose to rear end. Their bodies and legs have many spiny tubercles, or bumps, on them. The toes of the front feet have only a little webbed skin or no webbed skin at all. None of the frogs have a vocal sac.

There are three species in the genus:

Qutbism

Qutbism (Arabic: ٱلْقُطْبِيَّةِ, "al-Quṭbīyah") is a political philosophy that comes from the Islamic scholar and thinker Sayyid Qutb. Qutb was a leading member of an Islamist political group called the Muslim Brotherhood, which was founded in Egypt in 1928 by a different Islamic scholar, Hasan al-Banna. It is banned in Egypt and in a number of other Arab countries, such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, even though these are also all Sunni-led states. 

Qutbism is a Sunni philosophy. Its main associate, the Muslim Brotherhood, has supported other Sunni Islamist groups from the beginning of its foundation, including the Syrian Opposition groups, ISIS and Hamas (until 2017).

Qutbism shares many core beliefs with other reformist Islamist philosophies, such as Wahhabism and Salafism. The main one being that for centuries, the Muslim community has not been following true Islam and must be reinvigorated by following the beliefs of the Prophet and his community. 

The most controversial and well-known aspect of Qutb's philosophy is takfirism - the belief that Muslims who do not adhere to his strict tenets of Islam are not Muslim at all; they are apostates. In sharia law, the penalty for apostasy is the death penalty. Controversially, he claimed that the entire Muslim world had become "taqfir", as they no longer practised Islam as the prophet did. Therefore, they had fallen into a state of "jahiliyah" - a word which is used to describe the time before the Qur'an was revealed to the prophet, and also translates as ignorance. 

Although, neither the Hadith or the Qur'an mention the word "taqfir", instead using the word "kufr" (unbelief) or "kafir" (unbeliever). The word "taqfir" is a political invention by the wave of Islamic reformists such as Qutb who sought to reform Islam in his own terms. It has been used to justify violence by such groups against other Muslim communities by groups such as ISIS. 

"Milestones", or "Ma'alim fi-l-Tariq" in Arabic, is Qutb's main work where he outlines his religious and political ideas.

Coldstream, North Canterbury

Coldstream is an eastern suburb of Rangiora. It is situated 30 kilometers north of Christchurch and is west of towns Woodend and Waikuku. It is surrounded by the Rangiora Golf Course and subdivisions.

Incurso

Incurso is the third and final studio album by Spawn of Possession. The album was released on March 13, 2012.

JBO

JBO is an Online Gaming and entertainment company based in Vietnam and Thailand. It was established in 2019 and focuses on e-sports.

JBO was founded in 2019 and is regulated by the Government of the Philippines. It holds the First Cagayan license. JBO's product offerings focus on e-sports for major competitions in games like League of Legends, DOTA 2, , and KOG. JBO is known for sponsorships of Chinese e-sports teams, including Keen and Casino Gaming, Killer Angels, and 5Power.

In 2019, JBO became a regional partner for Asia of Bologna Football Club. Later in the same year, major football clubs extended their partnership with JBO. In early 2023, Dimitar Berbatov, a Bulgarian footballer also renewed his ambassadorship with the company.

Don't Forget to Remember Me

"Don't Forget to Remember Me" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Don't Forget to Remember Me" was directed by Roman White.

It premiered on CMT on March 16, 2006.

On July 27, 2006, the music video for "Don't Forget to Remember Me" took the top spot of CMT's "Top 20 Countdown", where it remained for two weeks.

Some Hearts (song)

"Some Hearts" is a 1989 song by Marshall Crenshaw and was taken from his fourth studio album "Good Evening". It was originally offered to Belinda Carlisle for her 1987 album "Heaven on Earth".

In 2005, Carrie Underwood covered "Some Hearts" and released it as the title track to her debut studio album "Some Hearts". It charted on the Adult Contemporary charts in both the United States and Canada.

Tudeh Party of Iran

The Tudeh Party of Iran (Persian: حزب توده ایران) meaning "People's Party" in Persian, is a political party with a significant historical presence in Iran. Founded in 1941, the party played a notable role in Iranian politics until the Islamic Revolution of 1979.

The Tudeh Party was closely associated with communist ideologies and gained prominence during Iran's struggle against foreign occupation in World War II. It advocated for workers' rights, social justice, and national independence.

Before the Islamic Revolution, the Tudeh Party was a prominent force in Iranian politics. It participated in elections, and its members were involved in various social and political activities. However, as tensions escalated in the late 1970s, particularly during the revolution against the monarchy, the party faced challenges.

Following the establishment of the Islamic Republic in 1979, the Tudeh Party experienced a significant setback. The new regime, led by Ayatollah Khomeini, opposed the party's communist ideals, leading to its banning. Many Tudeh Party members faced persecution, imprisonment, or exile.

Despite being banned in Iran, the Tudeh Party continued to operate in exile, primarily from European countries. Over time, the party underwent internal changes and ideological shifts. Some members moved away from strict communism, embracing more social-democratic principles.

The Tudeh Party remains active in exile, engaging with the Iranian diaspora and advocating for democratic reforms. It continues to navigate challenges and changes in Iran's political landscape.

The Tudeh Party of Iran has a complex history intertwined with the nation's political evolution. From its roots in anti-occupation struggles to its role in the pre-revolution era and subsequent challenges during the Islamic Republic, the party reflects the dynamic nature of Iranian politics. The Tudeh Party's resilience and adaptability in the face of adversity highlight its ongoing commitment to political engagement and social change.

SoftBank Group

Softbank Group Corporation is a Japanese based investment bank. It was started by Masayoshi Son. Many consider Softbank a VC(Venture capitalist) but Masa consider it as VC(Vision Capitalist).

Gascon language

Gascon (; , ) is the common Romance language used mostly in the region of Gascony, France. It is often considered a variety of Occitan, however, some authors consider it a different language.

Gascon is mostly spoken in Gascony and Béarn (Béarnese dialect) in southwestern France (in parts of the following French "departments" (or areas): Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Hautes-Pyrénées, Landes, Gers, Gironde, Lot-et-Garonne, Haute-Garonne, and Ariège) and in the Val d'Aran of Catalonia.

Aranese is a southern Gascon language spoken in Catalonia alongside Catalan and Spanish. Most people in the region speak all three languages. Spanish and Catalan tend to be different from the dialects of Gascon spoken in France. Most people who study the science of language now consider Aranese a different dialect of Occitan and Gascon. Since the 2006 adoption of the new statute of Catalonia, Aranese is now an official language along with Catalan and Spanish languages in all of Catalonia (before, this status was valid for the Aran Valley only).

Life in a Northern Town

"Life in a Northern Town" is a 1985 debut single by The Dream Academy and is the leading single from their debut studio album "The Dream Academy". It went to number 7 in the United States and Canada, number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Ireland and number 4 in Australia. It pays tribute to musician Nick Drake and was used in an episode of "King of the Hill". It was covered by country band Sugarland featuring Jake Owen and Little Big Town in 2008.

7" single

12" single

Memory safety

Memory safety and memory-safe are words used in computer science that are about the state of being protected from software bugs and security problems with the software that is used. Greater care is taken to detect and check for problems with the running program and the computer's memory.

The opposite of memory-safe is memory-unsafe. 


Wasted (Carrie Underwood song)

"Wasted" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Wasted" was directed by Roman White.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for three consecutive weeks in May 2007.

Gilles Schnepp

Gilles Schnepp (6th arrondissement of Lyon, October 16, 1958) is a French CEO. He was Chairman and CEO of Legrand Group from March 2006 to February 2018, and then chairman until 2020. In March 2021 he was appointed chairman of Danone.

He graduated from HEC Paris.

In 2007 Gilles Schnepp received the Legion of Honor from France.

In 2012 he received the title of Officer of the National Order of Merit of France.

Lianhe Zaobao

Lianhe Zaobao (联合早报; "Liánhé Zǎobào"; "Lien-ho Tsao-pao"; literally "Joint Morning Paper"), is the largest Chinese-language newspaper in Singapore. It is published by SPH Media (formerly Singapore Press Holdings).

It was formed on 16 March 1983, when "Nanyang Siang Pau" and "Sin Chew Jit Poh", two of Singapore's oldest Chinese newspapers, mergered into "Lianhe Zaobao".

The Champion (song)

"The Champion" is a 2018 song by country singer Carrie Underwood featuring Ludacris. It appears as a bonus track to her sixth studio album "Cry Pretty" and went to number 47 in the United States. It was used in the Super Bowl LII and the 2018 Winter Olympics.

Swaady Martin

Swaady Martin (born in 1978) is the chairman and CEO of "Yswara". She graduated from the TRIUM Global Executive MBA.
In 2012, Forbes considered her one of the 20 most influential young African women.

Gagauzia

Gagauzia or Gaugaz-Yeri, offically the Autonomous Territorial Unit of Gagauzia is a autonomous territorial unit of Moldova.

Muhammad Ismael

Haji Muhammad Ismael Seela (; is a Pakistani Politician, currently serving as Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 23 February 2024. He preceded Rana Ahmad Shahryyar in 2024 Pakistani General Elections.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf from Constituency PP-116 Faisalabad XIX. He defeated Ahmad Shehryar, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N), receiving 67,016 votes to 52,496 votes.

Anthony Annan

Anthony Gildas Kofi Annan (born 21 July 1986) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Hearts of Oak


Stabæk

Rosenborg

Schalke 04

HJK Helsinki
Ghana
Individual


Tamás Sulyok

Tamás Sulyok (born 24 March 1956) is a Hungarian lawyer and the President of Hungary since 2024. He was the president of the Constitutional Court from 2016 until 2024.

Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu

Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu (born 2 December 1990), known mononymously as Badu ( ), is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He has earned 78 caps for the Ghana national team. Midfielder capable of playing multiple roles, but performs best playing centrally in front of the defence. Competitiveness, physicality and resistance are his predominant characteristics, with which he masks less than excellent technical skills. He is gifted with great explosive strength and speed with the ball at his feet, although his ball control is not excellent. He is the typical midfielder capable of providing a lot of substance but little quality to the maneuver. He is considered to be one of the best Ghanaian midfielders of his generation.

Badu played domestically for Berlin, Berekum Arsenal and Asante Kotoko. On April 16, 2009, Spanish side Recreativo Huelva took him over on loan from Berekum Arsenal. He returned to Ghana in September 2009. In November 2009, BBC and Sky Sports announced that Udinese would sign the Ghanaian in the upcoming January transfer window. On January 28, 2010, Udinese confirmed the news. On February 12, 2010, he was on the bench against AC Milan. On March 28, 2010, Badu made his debut for Udinese in a league match against ACF Fiorentina. During the 2011-2012 season he forced a place in the starting team as a replacement for Gökhan Inler who left for Napoli. Together with compatriot Kwadwo Asamoah, he formed a central midfield duo for the defense. During the 2013/14 season, Badu – as a defensive midfielder – scored five goals in Serie A. In August 2017 he joined Turkish Süper Lig club Bursaspor on loan for the 2017–18 season. He was injured whilst on loan, and returned to first-team action with Udinese in March 2019, after 11 months out.On 13 July 2019, Badu signed to Hellas Verona on loan with an obligation to buy. He was hospitalised in August with blood clots on his lungs, but was cleared to play in December 2019. He featured in 10 matches on loan at the club.

After the 2019–20 season Hellas Verona activated their obligation to sign him on a two-year deal from Udinese after playing for the Udine-based club for 10 years and playing in 193 matches in all competitions, scoring 10 times and making 11 assists. He was not included in Verona's 2020–21 Serie A squad. On 2 January 2021, he announced that he terminated his Verona contract and retired from playing. In July 2022, 13 years after playing in the Ghana Premier League, Badu made a return to the league and signed for Nungua-based club Accra Great Olympics as a free agent. He signed a one-year deal with the club ahead of the 2022–23 season. He made his debut on 17 August 2022 against Bechem United, in a 5–4 penalties loss after a goalless draw in regulation time in the 2022 GHALCA G6.

He played in all matches as the Olympics went on to win the GHALCA G6 at the end of the tournament after defeating Bechem United by 2–0 in the final. On 9 September 2022, a day to the commencement of the league, he was officially unveiled by the club. After a remarkable five-month tenure, during which he participated in 11 league games and earned the prestigious Man of the Match award twice, he bid farewell to the Olympics.
On May 22, 2008, Agyemang Badu was selected for the training list of the Ghana national football team for the first time. He played in the match between Ghana and Lesotho on June 8, 2008, making his adult national team debut. Agyemang Badu subsequently participated in the 2010, 2012 and 2013 African Cup of Nations. His goal against Guinea in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations group stage was selected as a candidate for the 2012 FIFA Puskas Award. He scored a goal against DR Congo during the AFCON 2013.
Asante Kotoko
Great Olympics


Ghana U-20

Ghana 

Urban rail transport in India

Urban rail transport is a type of rail transport in India which has trains run in a city or urban area. There are four types of urban rail transport systems in India, for example rapid transit (metro), commuter rail (suburban rail), monorail and tram.

From a report of 2021, 2.63 billion people use metro systems of India every year. Sixteen large cities in India use metro systems. The report places the country as one of the busiest rapid transit systems in the world if we take the number of passengers using the system. The metro systems in India are long and it is the third longest active metro system in the world.

The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs is a ministry of the Government of India. Its Urban Transport wing works on the stuff about urban transport systems. This includes metro rail programmes. The ministry follows the provisions of the National Urban Transport Policy, 2006.

The Delhi–Meerut Regional Rapid Transit System is the fastest urban rail transport system in India. It can run as fast as . The Meerut Metro is the fastest metro system in India. It can run as fast as .

Commuter rail or suburban rail is the first type of urban rail transport system. It was first built in Mumbai on 16 April 1853. Its first passenger train ran from Bori Bunder (now Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus) to Thane. The distance between the two rail stations is . The passenger train ran over the distance in an hour and 15 minutes. This is Asia's first commuter rail system.

Four large cities in India stated tram systems at the end of the 20th century, for example Chennai, Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai. The trams helped people travel in large cities. Kolkata started its tram system in 1873 and the trams were pulled by horses. Chennai started its tram system in 1895 and the trams were run by electricity. After that, Mumbai, Kanpur and Delhi started their tram systems. Most cities stopped running trams between 1933 and 1964, but Kolkata never stopped running trams. Kolkata is the only city in India that still runs trams. The trams of Kolkata run on streets as heritage.

Walter Ewing Crum set up a committee in September 1919 when a session of the Imperial Legislative Council in Shimla was running. The committee gave an advice to build a metro rail line for Kolkata. The Government of West Bengal planned a metro system in 1949–1950 and French experts did a survey. But no one built a metro rail in India till 1972. The authority laid the foundation stone of India's first metro system in Kolkata in 1972. The system became active on 24 October 1984. The Kolkata Metro was long with five stations.

A study on traffic and travel characteristics of Delhi was done in 1969. Many people put up plans on building a metro system in Delhi at the time. Buses were the main type of public transport in Delhi but they quickly ran out of capacity. The traffic of Delhi was also going up. People considered the ideas of an urban transport system as the need for the city. The authority made a plan in 1984. Three corridors under the ground and changes in the suburban rail system were parts of the plan. The authority started building the Delhi Metro on 1 October 1998. Its first metro line became active on 24 December 2002. As of 2021, the total length of the Delhi Metro is . It is the longest and the busiest metro system in India. Other Indian cities think of the Delhi Metro as a .

Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System became active on 1 November 1995. It is the first elevated railway line in India. It is also the longest elevated rail line of the country. Its length is .

The political capital of India is in Delhi. The city had a success for making new metro lines. Mumbai is the country's financial capital. Suburban rail was the main type of transport in the city. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) said that the bus services in Mumbai ran through the city's narrow and crowded areas (areas with many people). The buses moved slowly and jammed in traffic. This is why the authority thought an urban transport system was needed. Mumbai had a plan of a metro system. The suburban rail connected main parts of the city. So the authority made up a plan to build a monorail in Mumbai. The Mumbai Monorail was opened on 2 February 2014. It is India's first monorail system.

Many large cities in India made up plans to build a monorail as a solution to the urban transport. But the Mumbai Monorail had shown its own problems quickly, for example low number of passengers, low efficiency to keep the tracks good and train slowing down at the switches. The monorail tracks were elevated (built above the ground). They had their own set of trains and depot (place where trains are kept). Many people were talking about the cost of making and running monorails. Almost all monorails around the world are used in amusement parks and similar theme parks. They were not used much as a solution to the urban transport. People thought that a light rail system had more efficiency, lower cost and larger capacity than a monorail. This is why many Indian cities made plans of a metro rail or a light rail system in place of a monorail.


Cool Math Games

Cool Math Games (Sometimes written as Coolmath Games) is an online web portal that has many HTML and Flash website browser games made for children and young adults. Cool Math Games is owned by Coolmath LLC and first went online in 1997 with the slogan: "Where logic & thinking meets fun & games.". The website has a policy that it will only have games that the people working for Coolmath Games believe are non-violent and educational. They are partnered with coolmath.com and coolmath4kids.com.

In November 2019, "Popular Mechanics" said Cool Math Games as one of its "50 most important websites" since the internet was created.

In September 2022, Coolmath Coding was made to teach kids how to code in Roblox and Minecraft.

Rumors began spreading in mid-2019 that Cool Math Games was going to shut down in 2020 due to Adobe Flash Player no longer being used. These rumors caused a petition to be created on Change.org to stop the website from shutting down and it got about 100,000 signatures. However, Cool Math Games said that the website would not be shutting down and they would be getting new HTML5 games and making old Flash games become HTML5 after Adobe Flash reached its end-of-life in 2020. The website started to use emulaters like Ruffle to keep using and playing old flash games.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Cool Math Games became more popular, being played by students while in lockdown and self-isolating. Cool Math Games' Alexa ranking went up a lot because of this.

Coolmath Games has been received very well. "The Daily Dot" called the website's games "impressive" in a report of the best games on the site.

Short Mat Players Tour

The Short Mat Players Tour (SMPT) is a short mat bowls organisation. It runs events through Europe. The tour was the first set of events to create a world ranking for short mat bowls. Events are Round-robin tournament with later knockout rounds. They mostly play 4-wood singles events. But, they also run pairs, fours, double-rink and two-wood singles competitions.

The Short Mat Players Tour was first created in 2011. It was created by Craig Burgess and Simon Pridham. They have run events throughout Europe. The first event was played in Guilford in 2011 won by Johnathan Payne.


Osbern Fitz Osbern

Osbern FitzOsbern was a bishop in Exeter that for many years worked towards the continual development that would shock the world. The atomic bomb. His descendant (great x10000 grandson) Oppenheimer later continued his work and finished the biggest weapon of mass destruction until a bigger one came along. He also did a few sermons here and there. Overall, a very poggers chap.

Polypedates mutus

The northern tree frog, Burmese whipping frog, vacal sacless tree frog, Smith's striped tree frog, or upland tree frog ("Polypedates mutus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, China, Laos, and India. People have seen it between 500 and 1100 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in and near forests. The female frog lays eggs in water that does not move: rice paddies, marshes, and ponds.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

Intimidator 305

Intimidator 305 is a roller coaster at Kings Dominion. It opened in 2010. It is 305 feet tall and gets as fast as 90 miles per hour. The roller coaster is themed to NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt.

https://www.kingsdominion.com/rides-experiences/intimidator-305

Patriot (Spanish American Revolution)

The term "patriot" is used to refer to supporters of Spanish American independence and of their governments that emerged during the revolutions between 1808 and 1825. 

After three centuries of colonial rule, independence came rather suddenly to most of Spanish and Portuguese America. Between 1808 and 1826 all of Latin America except the Spanish colonies of Cuba and Puerto Rico slipped out of the hands of the Iberian powers who had ruled the region since the conquest. The rapidity and timing of that dramatic change were the result of a combination of long-building tensions in colonial rule and a series of external events. The movements that liberated Spanish South America arose from opposite ends of the continent. From the north came the movement led most famously by Simón Bolívar, a dynamic figure known as the Liberator. From the south proceeded another powerful force, this one directed by the more circumspect José de San Martín. After difficult conquests of their home regions, the two movements spread the cause of independence through other territories, finally meeting on the central Pacific coast. From there, troops under northern generals finally stamped out the last vestiges of loyalist resistance in Peru and Bolivia by 1826. First Republic of Venezuela was the first Patriot government and State of Upper Peru was the last Patriot government. 

2023 Chicago train crash

On November 16, 2023, a Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) passenger train crash with a railway snow removal machine north of Howard station. It injured 16 people.

At 10:39 a.m. local time (07:50 UTC) on November 16, 2023, a Yellow Line passenger train. The train had 30 passengers and 1 operator. It was approaching its terminal at Howard station at crashed with stopped snow-removal machine, carrying 6 employees. The front car of the two-car train was partially crushed and derailed. 

Of the 37 people aboard both vehicles, 16 were injured, 3 of which were in critical condition.

In a report released on December 12, 2023, it found that at the time of the incident, the snow-removal equipment had stopped north of a red signal. The passenger train operator received a stop command from the signal system when the train was traveling southbound at approximately , about behind the snow-removal equipment. The operator pressed the brakes and emergency brakes, and the train slowed down to before crashing with the snow removal machine.

Da'Vine Joy Randolph

Da'Vine Joy Randolph (; born May 21, 1986) is an American actress. She is known for her stage role as Oda Mae Brown in the Broadway production of "Ghost" (2012), for which she received a Tony Award nomination. She also plays Detective Williams in the series "Only Murders in the Building".

For her role in "The Holdovers" (2023), she won a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Lily Gladstone

Lily Gladstone (born August 2, 1986) is an American actress. She is known for playing Mollie Kyle in Martin Scorsese's crime drama movie "Killers of the Flower Moon" (2023). She was nominated for many awards for his role. 
She became the first Native American to win the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama and the Screen Actors Guild Award and is the first to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.

She also appeared in several independent movies such as "Certain Women" (2016) and "First Cow" (2019). She also appeared in episodes of HBO's "Room 104" (2017–2020), Showtime's "Billions" (2016–2023), and FX's "Reservation Dogs" (2021–2023).

Gladstone was born in Kalispell, Montana. She was raised on the Blackfeet Reservation in Browning, Montana and Seattle, Washington. Gladstone is of Piegan Blackfeet, Nez Perce, and European heritage. 

Gladstone always wanted to play an Ewok after watching "Return of the Jedi" at the age of five and this inspired her to become an actress. In 2008 she graduated from the University of Montana with a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) in Acting/Directing and a Native American Studies minor.

Gladstone goes by both she and they pronouns. She said that "In most Native languages, most Indigenous languages, Blackfeet included, there are no gendered pronouns. There is no he/she, there's only they... my pronoun use is partly a way of decolonizing gender for myself."

Ludwig Göransson

Ludwig Emil Tomas Göransson (; ; born 1 September 1984) is a Swedish composer, conductor, songwriter, and record producer.

Göransson's producing work on Childish Gambino's 2018 single "This Is America" won him two Grammy Awards — for Record of the Year and Song of the Year. He has also produced for other recording artists, such as Adele, Alicia Keys, Rihanna, Chance the Rapper, Haim, Justin Timberlake, Kendrick Lamar, Travis Scott and Moses Sumney.

He has scored for the movies "Fruitvale Station", "Creed" and "Creed II", "Venom", "Tenet" and "Turning Red." 

For his work on the 2018 superhero movie "Black Panther", he won the Academy Award for Best Original Score and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media. His work on Christopher Nolan's epic drama "Oppenheimer" (2023) earned his first wins at the BAFTA Awards and Golden Globe Awards and he won an Academy Award.

Ryan Coogler

Ryan Kyle Coogler (born May 23, 1986) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He has been nominated for two Academy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and a Grammy Award.

He is known for co-writing and directing "Creed" (2015), and the Marvel movie "Black Panther" (2018), which became the highest-grossing movie of all time by an African American director. Coogler also co-wrote and directed its sequel "" (2022).

Executive producer

Producer

Christine Six

Christine Six (born 18 July 1964) is an Austrian former taekwondoan. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. 

At the 1986 European Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the +70 kg category.

Cheryl Kalanoc

Cheryl Kalanoc or Cheryl Kalamor (born 2 October 1958) is an American taekwondoan and referee.

She won several state and national tournaments over an eleven-year span. She was the American champion in the flyweight category from 1980 to 1984 and in the finweight category from 1985 to 1987.

At the Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1982 and 1988, and a gold medal in 1984. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event. She competed at the 1989 Taekwondo World Championship.

She was active as a referee.

Pokémon Legends: Z-A

Pokémon Legends: Z-A is an upcoming video game. It will be published by Nintendo and developed by Game Freak. The game will be released for the Nintendo Switch in 2025.

It is the second game in the "Pokémon Legends" series after "" in 2022.

The game was announced during the Pokémon Presents presentation on February 27, 2024. The game will take place in Lumiose City. The city last appeared in "Pokémon X" and "Y".

A Gentle Woman

A Gentle Woman (), also titled A Gentle Creature is a 1969 French psychological drama movie directed by Robert Bresson and was his first color movie. It was based on the 1876 short story by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It stars Dominique Sanda, Claude Ollier, Dorothée Blanck, Guy Frangin and Jeanne Lobre.


Project X (movie)

Project X is a 1987 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Jonathan Kaplan. It stars Matthew Broderick, Helen Hunt, William Sadler, Stephen Lang, Jean Smart, Robin Gammell, Jonathan Stark, Dick Miller, Jules Sylvester, Richard Cummings Jr. and Ken Lerner. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Josef Dering

Josef Dering is a German painter, sculptor, mosaicist, art educator and commercial artist. He was born in Munich, 1910 and died 1999 in Dakar. For a long time he lived in Eichenau, a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. There he designed the village's logo. He also configured an elementary's school facade. To honour of his this school was named after him.

1918-19 Austrian football championship

The 1918-19 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. Only teams from Vienna and the Vienna suburbs were allowed to take part. Clubs from the federal states had no opportunity to take part in the championship. After the First World War ended in 1918, the association reintroduced relegation and promotion.

The Erste Klasse (NFV) was played with ten clubs, each of which played nine games in an autumn and spring round. SK Rapid Wien won the Austrian championship title for the fifth time. The bottom of the table, SC Wacker Wien, was able to remain in the league due to the first class being expanded to twelve clubs. 

Johann Brandweiner, Otto Fischer, Ferdinand Feigl, Ferdinand Götz, Leopold Heinz, Karl Jiszda, Otto Kramer, Julius Kaps, Karl Kurz and Ferdinand Lukesch played all championship matches for their teams.

̟* SK Admira Wien

So Small

"So Small" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her second studio album, "Carnival Ride" (2007).

The music video for "So Small" was directed by Roman White.

It premiered on CMT on September 20, 2007.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for two consecutive weeks.

Betway

Betway is an online gambling company. Founded in 2006, it offers betting and gambling products including sportsbook and online casino. Betway has offices in London, Malta, Guernsey, and Cape Town, South Africa.

Betway offers a wide range of betting options for NFL wagers, including moneylines, spreads, totals, quarter- and half-specific betting options, in-game wagers, and a decent selection of player props each Sunday during the season.

Monty Woodhouse

Christopher Montague Woodhouse, (11 May 1917 – 13 February 2001) known as "C. M. Woodhouse", was a British Conservative politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for "Oxford" in the county of Oxfordshire, from 1959 to 1966 and again from 1970 to 1974. He was also a visiting Fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford, from 1956 to 1964.

Woodhouse, was an expert on Greek affairs after he first got involved with resistance forces in Greece against the Germans during the Second World War, and then having served in the British Embassy.

Woodhouse also worked at the British Embassy in Tehran from 1951 to 1952 and played a central role in organizing the 1953 Iranian coup d'état that brought down the democratically elected government of Mohammad Mosaddegh. 

Montague Woodhouse, son of "Horace Woodhouse, 3rd Baron Terrington", was educated at Winchester College and later at New College, Oxford, where he achieved a double first in Classics. Enlisting in the Royal Artillery in 1939, he served throughout World War II, rising to the rank of colonel and earning the "Distinguished Service Order" and Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1944. Woodhouse's love for Greece grew during his service, particularly in his role as the Second-in-Command of the "Harling Force" in mainland Greece. 

Following World War II, Woodhouse served as Second Secretary at the British Embassy in Athens until 1946. He then returned to Britain, engaging in various industrial and academic roles. Woodhouse worked at the British Embassy in Tehran from 1951 to 1952 and played a pivotal role in organizing the 1953 Iranian coup d'état. Later, from 1955 to 1959, he served as the Director General at the Royal Institute of International Affairs.

Woodhouse, as an MI6 agent, was involved in Operation Boot in Iran in the 1950s, aiming to resist a potential Soviet attack. He entered Parliament in 1959 and served in Conservative governments, holding positions such as Parliamentary Secretary for Aviation and Under-Secretary of State for the Home Office. Woodhouse faced defeat in 1966 but returned to Parliament in 1970, ultimately losing his seat in 1974.

Married to Lady "Davidema Katharine Cynthia Mary Millicent Bulwer-Lytton", Woodhouse had three children. He succeeded to the barony in 1998 and lost his seat in the House of Lords in 1999 due to legislative changes.

C. M. Woodhouse authored several books, including "Modern Greece: A Short History," "The Philhellenes," and "The Rise and Fall of the Greek Colonels." Before his death in 2001, he completed the translation of the 10-volume "History of the European Spirit" by former Greek Prime Minister "Panayiotis Kanellopoulos".

Rana Sanaullah

Rana Sanaullah Khan ; born 1 January 1955) is a Pakistani lawyer and politician who served as the 39th Interior Minister of Pakistan. He had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 till August 2023. He is a senior member of PML-N and the President of PML-N in Punjab province since 4 May 2019. Before getting elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan, Sanaullah had been elected to the Provincial Assembly of Punjab five times and had served in high-ranking ministries of the province.

Shah Mehmood Qureshi

Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Hussain Qureshi (Urdu: مخدوم شاہ محمود حسین قریشی; born 22 June 1956) is a Pakistani politician who served as the 29th Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2018 to 2022. He previously held the post from 2008 to 2011.

Pachycormus (fish)

"For other uses, see Pachycormus. For the species of plant, see Pachycormus discolor."

Pachycormus is an extinct genus of pachycormiform from the Toarcian (about 185–182 million years ago) of Europe. This fish had no pelvic fins.

"Pachycormus" superficially resembled a giant tuna. It was able to grow 1 m (3.5 ft) in length. It is characterized by falciform pectoral fins. The teeth are short and designed for grasping.

The caudal fin was deeply forked, just like a modern-day tuna. The body was covered with small scales equipped with ganoine.

The type species "P. macropterus" was first named as a species of "Elops" by Henri Marie Ducrotay de Blainville in 1818. However, this species was placed into "Pachycormus" by Louis Agassiz in 1833.
"Pachycormus" is the second most basal pachycormiform after "Euthynotus".

Fossils have been found in marine deposits from France, Germany, and England.


Pankaj Udhas

Pankaj Udhas (d. 2024) was an Indian ghazal and playback singer known for his works in Hindi cinema, and Indian pop. 

Family: His brothers Nirmal Udhas and Manhar Udhas are also singers.

After the singer died, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi (said or) expressed his condolences.


Cajón

A Cajón or Box drum is a box-shaped percussion instrument from Peru. It is played by slapping the front or side faces (generally made of thin plywood) with the hands, fingers, or sometimes implements such as brushes, mallets, or sticks. Cajones are usually played in Afro-Peruvian music (specifically música criolla), but also used flamenco. The term cajón is also used for to other box drums used in Latin American music, such as the Cuban cajón de rumba and the Mexican cajón de tapeo.

Gulf of Ob

The Gulf of Ob (; also known as Bay of Ob, ) is a bay of the Arctic Ocean. It is in Northern Russia at the mouth of the Ob River. It is the world's longest estuary.

Iz*One

Iz*One (; ; stylized in all caps) was a South Korean–Japanese girl group formed in 2018 through the talent show "Produce 48" (the third season of "Produce 101"). The group was made of twelve members: Jang Won-young, Sakura Miyawaki, Jo Yu-ri, Choi Ye-na, An Yu-jin, Nako Yabuki, Kwon Eun-bi, Kang Hye-won, Hitomi Honda, Kim Chae-won, Kim Min-ju and Lee Chae-yeon. They started to make music on October 29, 2018, and they stopped on April 29, 2021.

The group's name, Iz*One (stylized in all caps), was a fan suggestion. "IZ" looks like the number 12, because the group is formed by twelve members. "One" means that they are all together in the same group. The asterisk "*" represents the twelve astrological zodiacal sign.

Their fans are called "Wiz*One" (stylized in all caps). It sounds like "We are one", but the "Wiz" is also for "Wizard", because the fans and the group will experience a "magical future" together.

Korean members are listed in Eastern name order. Japanese members are listed in Western name order with both Japanese and Korean transliterations in brackets.



Franco-Siamese War

The Franco-Siamese crisis of 1893, known in Thailand as the Incident of Rattanakosin Era 112 was a conflict between the French Third Republic and the Kingdom of Siam. Auguste Pavie, French vice consul in Luang Prabang in 1886, was the chief agent in furthering French interests in Laos. His intrigues, which took advantage of Siamese weakness in the region and periodic invasions by Vietnamese rebels from Tonkin, increased tensions between Bangkok and Paris. The conflict concluded with the Paknam Incident, in which French gunboats sailed up the Chao Phraya River to blockade Bangkok. The Siamese subsequently agreed to give the area that constitutes most of present-day Laos to France, an act that led to the significant expansion of French Indochina.

This came after the Haw wars (1865–1890), in which the Siamese attempted to pacify northern Siam and Tonkin.

Split-flap display

A split-flap display, or a flap display, is a digital electromechanical display device that shows changeable alphanumeric text, and sometimes graphics.

They are commonly used as public transport timetable in airports or railway stations.

Commonly they are called Solari boards after Italian display manufacturer Solari di Udine, or in Central European countries they are called Pragotron after the Czech manufacturer instead.

Split-flap displays were once commonly used in consumer digital clocks known as flip clocks.

Each character position or graphic position has a collection of flaps on which the characters or graphics are painted or silkscreened. These flaps are rotated to show the desired character or graphic.

Sometimes the flaps are large and display whole words, and in other installations there are several smaller flaps, each displaying a single character.

Flip-dot displays and LED display boards may be used instead of split-flap displays in most applications. Their output can be changed by reprogramming instead of replacement of physical parts but they suffer from lower readability. They also can refresh more quickly, as a split-flap display often must cycle through many states.

Advantages to these displays include:


The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority has designed the new LED replacements for its aging Solari boards at North Station and South Station to emit an electronically generated flapping noise to alert passengers to train boarding updates.
Many game shows of the 1970s used this type of display for the contestant podium scoreboards. Usually, the flip was left-to-right on a vertical axis, although up/down on a horizontal axis was not completely unknown. Early seasons of the game show "Family Feud" used a split flap display as part of the game board (subsequent seasons used more modern digital displays, and eventually simply used a large digital flat screen monitor). The game board on the Nickelodeon game show "Make the Grade" was a 7x7 split-flap display, used to display subjects and wild cards, as well as tracking contestants' progress. The television game show "Chain Reaction" on Game Show Network features computer-simulated split-flap displays to display the various words in a chain.

In Italy, split-flap displays have also been occasionally used as destination signs for transit vehicles; there was also a brief vogue for them in the United Kingdom in the mid 1980s.

The artistic appeal of the displays have been seen use in works like "Pedestrian Drama", contemporary artwork using this display technology, and art by Juan Fontanive, who has used the mechanism since 2005.

The album cover for The Enemy's album "We'll Live and Die in These Towns" is based on the Solari design seen at British railway stations.

Thunderbolts (movie)

Thunderbolts is an upcoming American superhero movie. It is expected to be released on May 2, 2025 in North America. It is based on the Marvel Comics's team Thunderbolts and it is a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It is being directed by Jake Schreier.

The movie was announced in July 2022 and the cast members were revealed in September. Principal photography started in Trilith Studios and Atlanta Metro Studios on February 26, 2024 and will end in July. Filming was delayed because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.



Emperor of Mexico

in May 19, 1822, Iturbide placed the crown upon his own head and became Agustín I, emperor of Mexico. An arbitrary and extravagant ruler, he proved unable to bring order and stability to his country, and after that In 1863 The younger brother of Emperor Francis Joseph, Maximilian archduke of Austria he accepted the offer of the Mexican throne, falsely believing that the Mexican people had voted him their king; in fact, the offer was the result of a scheme between conservative Mexicans, who wished to overturn the liberal government of President Benito Juárez, and the French emperor Napoleon lll who wanted to collect a debt from Mexico On June 19, 1867, Maximilian was executed on a hill outside Querétaro.
Antonio López de Santa Anna, called for Iturbide’s overthrow and exile. On March 19, 1823, Iturbide abdicated and went first to Italy and then to England. In 1824, however, he returned to Mexico, unaware that the congress had decreed his death. Captured on July 15, he was executed four days later.
On June 19, 1867, Maximilian was executed on a hill outside Querétaro With Maximilian's execution in 1867 by a firing squad of the restored republic, schemes and dreams of a royal head of state came to an end in Mexico.

Doctor Strange (movie)

Doctor Strange is an American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Doctor Strange. It was produced by Kevin Feige and directed by Scott Derrickson. The movie was produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the 14th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It was released on November 4, 2016. 

Principal photography started in November 2015 in Nepal, England and Hong Kong, and ended in New York City in April 2016. The movie made $677.8 million around the world.


Vanderpump Villa

Vanderpump Villa is an upcoming American reality television series which is set to premiere on Hulu on April 1, 2024. Developed as the third spin-off from the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules". The series follows Lisa Vanderpump and the hand-picked staff at her luxury French villa, Château Rosabelle.

"Vanderpump Villa" was first announced by Hulu on June 8, 2023, amid the "#Scandoval" drama on the 10th season of the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules". The series serves as the third spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules". Lisa Vanderpump serves as an executive producer under her Villa Rosa production banner, with Bunim/Murray Productions and Entertainment 360 attached as the production companies.

"Vanderpump Villa" was billed a "new unscripted docu-drama" in the press release. The series follows Lisa Vanderpump and the hand-picked staff of her luxury French villa - Château Rosabelle - as they live and work together to navigate every extravagant desire of their well-to-do guests. Vanderpump's staff all hail from the United States.

The first season was filmed at Château St. Joseph in Mazerolles-du-Razès, South of France between September and October 2023.

Vanderpump teased the first season on the ABC morning television program "Good Morning America" on October 4, 2023 and again at the 32nd season finale of the dance competition television series "Dancing with the Stars" on December 5.

The full cast for the first season was announced on December 14, 2023. A teaser for the season was released on December 31 and an extended preview was released on February 5, 2024. On February 21, the premiere date was announced as April 1, 2024.

The first season is set to premiere on Hulu on April 1 and will broadcast through May 20, 2024. The original cast will consist of; Lisa Vanderpump, Stephen Alsvig, Anthony Bar, Marciano Brunette, Caroline Byl, Grace Cottrell, Priscila Ferrari, Hannah Fouch, Eric Funderwhite, Telly Hall, Emily Kovacs, Andre Mitchell, and Gabriella Sanon. The first three episodes will broadcast on April 1.


Eternals (movie)

Eternals is a 2021 American superhero movie based on Marvel Comics race Eternals. It is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the 26th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The movie was directed by Chloé Zhao, from a screenplay he wrote with Patrick Burleigh, Ryan Firpo, and Kaz Firpo. It stars Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Kumail Nanjiani, Lia McHugh, Brian Tyree Henry, Lauren Ridloff, Barry Keoghan, Don Lee, Kit Harington, Salma Hayek, and Angelina Jolie.

Principal photography started in July 2019 at Pinewood Studios and on location in England and the Canary Islands, and ended in February 2020. The movie was released on November 5, 2021. It made $402.1 million around the world.


Ran Neuner

Ran Neuner is a South African entrepreneur, Chartered Financial Analyst, and TV host. He is also known as the founder and CEO of The Creative Counsel and Onchain Capital.

Ran received his Bachelor of Commerce from the University of the Witwatersrand. Later, he received his Master's degree from Singularity Group and studied International Business at Harvard Business School.

In 2001, Ran along with Gil Oved co-founded a Johannesburg-based advertising agency, The Creative Counsel. In 2015, The Creative Counsel was acquired by a French advertising and public relations company, the Publicis Groupe.

Ran has been the co-founder and CEO of a Blockchain investment fund ad advisory service, Onchain Capital, since 2017. He is also the host of CNBC Africa's cryptocurrency show, "Cryptotrader", which made its debut in 2017. In 2020, he started a media channel related to cryptocurrency and blockchain called "Crypto Banter."

During COVID-19 pandemic, Ran established a $10 million emergency fund, Runway Fund, to help companies struggling with the economic crises. Later, Ran's Runway Fund partnered with content marketing agency, MarketAcross to provide public relations and marketing services to the affected companies. 

Ran has also been associated with the Branson Mentorship Programme that identifies successful entrepreneurs to provide guidance and support to others. 

The Valley (2024 TV series)

The Valley is an upcoming American reality television series which is set to premiere on Bravo on March 19, 2024. Developed as the fourth spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules". The series follows five couples who are "taking a shot at adulting."

"The Valley" was first announced by Bravo on January 17, 2024, during the premiere party for the 11th season of "Vanderpump Rules". Lisa Vanderpump serves as an executive producer, with 32 Flavors Entertainment, Haymaker East and Evolution Media attached as the production companies.

The series is the fourth spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules"; the eighth episode in the 11th season serves as a cross-over preview to "The Valley".

The series follows five couples who are "taking a shot at adulting" and is primarily filmed in San Fernando Valley, California.

The full cast for the first season was announced and a teaser for the season was released on January 17, 2024. An extended first look was released on February 27 and the premiere date was announced as March 19, 2024.

The first season is set to premiere on Bravo on March 19 and broadcast through May 21, 2024. The original cast will consist of; Brittany Cartwright, Jax Taylor, Kristen Doute, Luke Broderick, Danny Booko, Nia Booko, Janet Caperna, Jason Caperna, Jason Lally, and Michelle Lally as main cast members, with "friends of" Jasmine Goode and Zach Wickham joining the cast.




Nyctixalus margaritifer

The Java Indonesian tree frog or pearly tree frog ("Nyctixalus margaritifer") is a frog. It lives in Java, Indonesia. People have seen it between 700 and 1200 meters above sea level. People have seen it between 50 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down but people have also seen it in coffee farms. It lives in places where the tree branches come together like a roof. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees. The tadpoles swim and grow in the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. Some of the places where the frog lives are protected parks.

Penalty cards

Penalty cards are shown in many sports to show that a player can no longer be in the game, has been warned, or otherwise has been punished.

Walla Walla people

Walla Walla, Walawalałáma ("People of Walula region along Walla Walla River"), sometimes called Walúulapam, are Native Americans that live in the area of Pendleton, Oregon.

Beginning in the early 1700s, the Walla Walla people raised great herds of horses, making their lifestyle much easier as they gathered seasonal plants. They also traveled across the Rocky Mountains to trade dried roots and salmon to the Plains Indians for buffalo meat and hides.

Empanada

An empanada is a type of baked or fried turnover consisting of pastry and filling, common in Spain, other Southern European countries, Latin American countries, and the Philippines. The name comes from the Spanish empanar (to bread, i.e., to coat with bread), and translates as 'breaded', that is, wrapped or coated in bread. They are made by folding dough over a filling, which may consist of meat, cheese, tomato, corn, or other ingredients, and then cooking the resulting turnover, either by baking or frying.

Ashley Graham

Ashley Graham Ervin (born October 30, 1987) is an American plus-sized model and television presenter. Graham made her debut on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in 2016. A year later, she published her first book, A New Model: What Confidence, Beauty, and Power Really Look Like, which contributes to her advocacy in the body positivity and inclusion movement.

German Instrument of Surrender

The German Instructment of surrender, was signed on May 8th, 1945. By several officers, including Wilhelm Ketiel.

Erotica

Erotica is a type of art or writing mean to be sexually arousing and erotic. It is usually considered different from pornography because erotica is meant to have sone kind of artistic merit while pornography is only meant to be sexually pleasing.


Atomic Heart

Atomic Heart is a first-person shooter video game. It was published by VK Play in the CIS, 4Divinity in Asia, and Focus Entertainment in the rest of the World. The game was developed by Mundfish. The game was released on February 21, 2023. They released the game for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S.

The game takes place in a future World where robot take over a fallen Soviet Union. The player has to try and find out what happened at Facility 3826, a Soviet research facility.

The game was surrounded by controversy. People accused the game of promoting pro-Russian propaganda, as well as taking gamers data and giving it to the Russian government.

Mundfish, the developers of "Atomic Heart", denied any involvement with the Russian government and said that they do not take data from their players.

The Government of Ukraine asked players to avoid playing the game. Ukraine's Ministry of Digital Transformation also tried to have the game removed for purchasing in the country.

Composer Mick Gordon would donate his salary from the game to the Red Cross Ukraine Crisis appeal and condemned the war.

Jaysh al-Salam

Jaysh al-Salam is a subgroup in the FSA with the goal of destroying Daesh in Raqqa.
In 2016, the group joined the SDF. The group was later replaced with other groups in the SDF.

The goal of Jaysh al-Islam is democracy for the Syrian people and keep unity between the territories of Syria. The group also said that it would strictly select commanders unlike other FSA sub groups such as Jaysh al-Izza.

Al Ayam (Sudan)

Al Ayam is a Sudanese newspaper and is the oldest independently run newspaper in the country of Sudan.
The newspaper was created by Mahjoub Mohamed Salih in the year 1958. The newspaper was closed twice by the Sudanese government and became government run in 1970. The paper was republished in 1986 but was closed again from 1989 to 2000. 

In 2004 it was closed again by the government for independent reporting of the incident in Darfur.

In March of 2004, a Sudanese court ordered to close the newspaper forever but refused.

Doorway effect

The doorway effect is a unusual occurrence that happens in the brain. This effect usually happens due to short-term memory loss while going through a door. Humans tend to forget recent information once crossing a boundary and often forget what they are thinking or planning to do after entering a different room. 

Research says that this happens in both real life boundaries (ex: moving into a different room using a door) and imaginary/virtual boundaries (ex: switching desktop windows using the Alt+Tab keyboard shortcut on Windows or the Cmd+Tab keyboard shortcut on MacOS).

Charles IV

Charles IV, Was a Holy Roman emperor from 1355, Until his death in 1378. He was made king of Germany in 1346 after being elected. He also became king of Bohemia in 1346 after his dad died.

Early Life
Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Нind

Ansar Ghazwat ul-Hind is a Al-Qaeda subgroup active in Kashmir fighting for a Islamic state under Sharia in Kashmir and jihad against India. The group pledges allegiance to both the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. The group was created in 2017 by a former Hizbul Mujahideen member.

María Josepha Sophia de Iturbide

María Josepha Sophia de Iturbide was born on (29 February 1872 in Mikosdpuszta, Austria-Hungary) as the eldest of three daughters of Prince Salvador de Iturbide and Baroness Gizella Maria Terezia Mikos de Tarrõdhàza. Her father was a grandson of Emperor Agustín I of Mexico.
Carlos Felipe de Habsburgo

Carlos Felipe María Otón Lucas Marcos de Aviano Melchor de Habsburgo-Lorena y Arenberg (born 18 October 1954), or simply Archduke Carlos Felipe, is a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine. He is the first male of the former ruling house to be born in Mexico.
Operation Weserübung

On April 9th, 1940, the German army launched a invasion of Denmark, In under 6 hours, the Danish Surrendered, after this, the Germans then launched a invasion against Norway, in the same day April 9th, by June 10th, the governments would surrender to the Germans ending the Nazi invasion of denmark and Norway.
Elden Ring

Elden Ring is an action role-playing video game. It was published by FromSoftware in Japan and Bandai Namco Entertainment in the rest of the World. The game was developed by FromSoftware. Writer George R. R. Martin helped with the game. The game was released on February 25, 2022. They released the game for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S. It is similar to "Dark Souls", making it a soulslike game.

In the game, the player travels the open World, trying to get Great Runes, which are shards of the Elden Ring. They have to defeat bosses to find them. The player tries to work their way up to becoming the new ruler of the kingdom and the Elden Lord.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked how large the open world environment was and how the player could explore it.

Since February 2024, "Elden Ring" has sold over 23 million copies worldwide.

The game has also won many awards. It is the most awarded game in video game history.

Among the awards won, it has been named Game of the Year by multiple different video game publications.

Vital Signs (Rush song)

"Vital Signs" is a 1982 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It was taken from their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures" and was heavily influenced by reggae rock music by The Police. It was carried over into its next three studio albums. It went to number 41 in the United Kingdom after it was released there.

Baldur's Gate 3

Baldur's Gate 3 is an role-playing video game. It was both published and developed by Larian Studios. It is a part of the "Baldur's Gate" series and is the third main game in the series. The series itself is based on the tabletop game "Dungeons & Dragons". The game was fully released on 3 August 2023. They released the game for the Windows, PlayStation 5, macOS, and Xbox Series X/S. Before the full release of the game, there was a early access version released on 6 October 2020.

The game is set 120 years after "". The character their group get abducted by illithids, an alien species. They then infect the player and the group with a parasite. The character and the group then travel the world looking for a cure. There are many different quests paths that the player can do.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the writing, creativity and high quality of the game design.

Since February 2024, "Baldur's Gate 3" has sold over 10 million copies worldwide.

The game has also won many awards. Among the awards won, it has been named Game of the Year by multiple different video game publications.

Pachycormus

Pachycormus is the scientific name for two animal genera:


"This page lists articles about distinct genera with the same name."

Bonnerichthys

Bonnerichthys is an extinct, prehistoric pachycormiform in the family Pachycormidae from the Late Cretaceous of North America. It only has one species, B. gladius.

Finds were made in the Smoky Hill Member of the Niobrara Formation of Kansas (Late Coniacian-Early Campanian), and additional material was later reported from the Pierre Shale, Mooreville Chalk, Demopolis Chalk, Wenonah Formation, and Moreno Formation.

It was probably related to "Rhinconichthys" and "Leedsichthys".

One of the most significant features of "Bonnerichthys" is that it was a filter feeder, living on plankton. This recognition that many large-bodied fish from the Mesozoic in the Pachycormidae were filter feeders shows that this niche was filled for at least 100 million years.


Euthynotus

Euthynotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Toarcian. It is the most basal pachycormiform. The second most basal is "Pachycormus". Fossil remains have been found in Europe.

"Euthynotus" had a slender body. The skull was quite long and narrow, with a slightly pointed snout. The dorsal fin was small and placed far away.

"Euthynotus" has two species:



"Euthynotus incognitus" is a species of "Euthynotus". It is very much well-known.

"Euthynotus intermedius" is another species of "Euthynotus". Unlike the other species, it's not well-known.

Like many pachycormiforms, "Euthynotus" was a predatory fish. The particularly long body of this fish made it very fast. It was a carnivore.



Paul Gardiner

Paul Andrew Gardiner (1 May 1956 – 18 February 2008) was a British musician who played bass guitar with Gary Numan and Tubeway Army, as well as creating material under his own name.

Danish Taimoor

Danish Taimoor (; born 16 February 1983) is a Pakistani actor, producer, host and former fashion model. 

Beginning his acting career in 2005, Taimoor is known for his roles portraying a form of toxic masculinity in Urdu television series, especially since his antihero avatar with the 2018-2019 drama "Ab Dekh Khuda Kya Karta Hai". He has also worked in cinema.

His notable dramas include "Rehaai" (2013), "Ab Dekh Khuda Kya Karta Hai" (2018-2019), "Deewangi" (2019-2020), "Ishq Hai" (2021) and "Kaisi Teri Khudgarzi" (2022).

Taimoor was a fashion model before becoming an actor.

He began his acting career on television in 2005 with the horror drama "Mystery Series", featuring in two episodes, "Do Saal Baad" and "Dracula", which were aired on Indus Vision. He later acted in numerous television serials as well telefilms.

He made his film debut with Yasir Jaswal's thriller "Jalaibee" in 2015.

In 2016, Taimoor produced the drama "Shehrnaz", starring his wife Ayeza.

In 2018, he produced and starred in "Haara Dil".

On 8 August 2014, he married actress Ayeza Khan. 

Orthocormus

Orthocormus is an extinct, prehistoric pachycormiform. It is known from three species found in Late Jurassic fossil deposits in Bavaria, Germany.

This fish had a pointed rostrum, consisting of the rostrodermetmoid bone. It was also equipped with two large straight and sharp teeth. The rest of the jaws were armed with small conical teeth, although the others had sharp teeth at the front of the jaw.

"Orthocormus" was first described in 1930, based on fossils found in Bavaria in the Solnhofen deposit.

"Orthocormus" has three recognized species:






Lumbini sal park lumbini sal park

It is located in Nepal near the Indian border. Lumbini is a Buddhist pilgrimage site in the Kapilavastu district of Nepal, near the Indian border. It is the place where Queen Maha Mayadevi is said to have given birth to Siddhartha Gautama, who was also known as the Gautama Buddha, gave birth to the Buddhist tradition.
It was said that when the queen knew that she was going to have a baby so as per their tradition the person that was giving birth had to go near her mother so while the queen was going to her mother she saw a sal park ahd she stoped by then by amazement the little Prince Siddhartha was born there and he walked seven steps, for each step a lotues bloomed
Namibian dollar

The Namibian dollar (currency code: NAD; symbol: $ or N$) is the official currency of Namibia. The currency is abbreviated as N$, to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies such as the United States Dollar (USD) and the Australian dollar (AUD). The Namibian dollar is issued and regulated by the Bank of Namibia, which is the country's central bank.

The Namibian dollar was introduced on August 15, 1993. It replaced the South African rand (ZAR) at par. Namibia, a former German colony, was administered by South Africa under a League of Nations mandate after World War I until it gained independence in 1990. Following independence, Namibia established its own central bank, the Bank of Namibia, and began issuing its own currency.

The decision to adopt a separate currency was driven by Namibia's desire to have greater control over its monetary policy and currency. The Namibian dollar is pegged to the South African rand at a 1:1 exchange rate. This arrangement provides stability to Namibia's economy, as South Africa is its largest trading partner, and the rand is widely accepted and used in Namibia alongside the Namibian dollar.

The Namibian dollar is issued in both coin and banknote form. Coins are issued in denominations of 5, 10, 50 cents, and 1, 5 dollars, while banknotes are issued in denominations of 10, 20, 50, 100, and 200 dollars.

The design of Namibian banknotes and coins often features images of Namibia's natural landscapes, wildlife, and cultural heritage. The 10-dollar banknote has images of wildlife such as the oryx, while the 200-dollar banknote has scenes of Namibia's desert landscapes.

The Namibian dollar is primarily used as a medium of exchange within Namibia for everyday transactions, including purchases of goods and services. It is also used for international trade and investment within the Southern African Development Community region, where the South African rand is widely accepted.

The stability of the Namibian dollar is tied to the performance of the South African economy, as Namibia's economy is highly dependent on trade with South Africa. Fluctuations in commodity prices, exchange rates, and global economic conditions can impact the value of the Namibian dollar relative to other currencies.

The Namibian dollar is pegged to the South African rand at a 1:1 exchange rate. This means that one Namibian dollar is equal in value to one South African rand. The pegging of the Namibian dollar to the rand provides stability and predictability to Namibia's economy, as it reduces exchange rate risk for businesses and investors operating in the country. The pegging arrangement is supported by the Currency and Exchanges Act of 1933, which allows for the use of the South African rand as legal tender in Namibia. This legal framework facilitates cross-border trade and investment between Namibia and South Africa, contributing to economic integration and development in the region.



Rich Dantona

Richard Michael Dantona (born January 20, 1977) is an Italian-American entrepreneur and business owner, known for his contributions to the real estate development industry. He is also the owner of the Florida Warriors Youth Hockey Association. He is also the founder of Academy Home Kitchen & Bath, Inc. and Academy Home Developments, Inc.

Dantona was born in Bayshore, NY to Brooklyn and Queens natives Laura Jean Murillo and Richard James Dantona. Dantona also was raised by his maternal grandmother Dolores J Murillo who passed away on July 9th, 1997. Dolores was an important part of Dantona’s youth into his teenage years and provided a stable environment for Dantona. His grandmother's passing had a profound impact on Dantona, and he credits her for instilling in him strong ethics and family values. Dantona, who also has two half-siblings, Kevin Monahan and Kelly Monahan, displayed a robust work ethic from an early age. He ventured into various fields, including sales, construction, and even dabbled in acting with roles in New York productions, such as a paid extra part in Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind," featuring Russell Crowe.

At the age of 15, Dantona embarked on his construction journey, contributing to the repair work of the Montauk Lighthouse in 1994. This early involvement significantly influenced his future career path. 

While living in New York in 1997, Dantona founded his construction business, Academy Mobile Enterprise, Inc. Realizing the opportunities in Florida's real estate market, he made a strategic move to Ft. Myers in January 2003. His expertise in construction served as a solid foundation for his endeavors in the Sunshine State.

In 2001, William Scotsman Mobile Offices contracted Dantona's company, Academy Mobile Enterprise, to provide and set up emergency mobile office space in Manhattan at the World Trade Center site shortly after the events of 9/11. This initiative aimed to support first responders, including Police, Fire, and Medical Personnel, in their crucial roles during the aftermath of the tragedy.

In 2012, Academy Home Kitchen & Bath, Inc. was inaugurated, introducing a kitchen and bath showroom in Cape Coral, FL. Following this, in 2013, Dantona extended his business by establishing a center in North Ft. Myers dedicated to the import, export, sales, and fabrication of granite. His dedication to achieving excellence in both construction and design garnered him several consecutive awards in various categories, including home remodeling, countertops, cabinetry, pool refinishing, screen enclosure, and more, as recognized in the Best of Cape Coral awards. 

In 2016, Dantona expanded his business portfolio by establishing Academy Home Developments, Inc., a real estate development company focused on constructing both speculative and custom homes. The Academy franchise has maintained an average annual gross revenue of $30 million. Recognized for their exceptional contributions, Dantona's companies have consistently received accolades for their positive impact on the communities of Cape Coral, Fort Myers, and Naples.

In 2019, Dantona took a philanthropic step by establishing the Florida Warriors Youth Hockey Association. Operating from the Ft. Myers Skatium, the program comprises teams spanning from U6 to U16. Additionally, there is an all-girls team called the Lady Warriors, encompassing ages 13-17. These teams actively engage in private tournaments nationwide and league games within Florida. Demonstrating his commitment to youth sports, Dantona aspires to secure a state championship title in the U12 division for the team in its inaugural year. 

The Florida Warriors are highly involved in charitable endeavors as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. They actively contribute back to the community by making donations to the organization. Additionally, they seek benefactors to provide support, ensuring that every player has the opportunity to experience and enjoy the sport of ice hockey, emphasizing inclusivity and accessibility.

Secret Invasion (TV series)

Secret Invasion is an American television miniseries created by Kyle Bradstreet for the streaming service Disney+. It is based on the Marvel Comics storyline of the same name and is the ninth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) produced by Marvel Studios, sharing continuity with the movies of the franchise.

The series started on June 21, 2023 and ended on July 26, 2023, after six episodes. It is the first series of of the MCU.


Yahya Ekhou

Yahya Ekhou (born 1990).

He is author and the Founder and Executive Director of Liberals Mauritania, an organization that promotes Defends the rights of minorities

Ekhou was raised in a religious Muslim family, who were part of one of the tribes with great influence in Mauritania. He now identifies as author and Human Rights Defender.

In 2018, because of his writings and activities, a Fatwa was issued against him and his citizenship was revoked as a form of punishment, forcing him to flee. He escape to Germany.

In 2014, Ekhou founded Liberals Mauritania, a group which aims to defend the rights of minorities, secularize the state, and combat extremist laws that violate human dignity.

In 2016, Ekhou earned a Bachelor's in Law from the Faculty of Law at Cairo University.

Since 2022, Yahya Ekhou has served as a board member for the German organization 
In 2022, released "Freie Menschen kann man nicht zähmen" ('Free people cannot be tamed'), a German-language autobiography authored by Yahya Ekhou. 


Dune: Part Two

Dune: Part Two is an epic science fiction movie from 2024, directed by Denis Villeneuve. It is the second of two movies based off of the 1965 book "Dune" by Frank Herbert, after "Dune" (2021). Timothée Chalamet, Rebecca Ferguson, Josh Brolin, Stellan Skarsgård, Dave Bautista, Zendaya, Charlotte Rampling, and Javier Bardem return from the first film, with Austin Butler, Florence Pugh, Christopher Walken, and Léa Seydoux playing new roles. 

"Dune: Part Two" was released in movie theatres in the United States on March 1, 2024, by Warner Bros. Pictures. It had positive reviews from critics and viewers.

The main characters of the movie

Analysis: The story is inspired by Lawrence of Arabia. [Parts of] the Dune movie's story is about fanatacism within religion, and combat regarding natural resources.


Madame Web (movie)

Madame Web is a 2024 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Columbia Pictures and Di Bonaventura Pictures in association with Marvel and TSG Entertainment. Distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, it is the fourth movie in Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU). Directed by S. J. Clarkson from a screenplay Clarkson, Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless, it stars Dakota Johnson, Sydney Sweeney, Isabela Merced, Celeste O'Connor, Tahar Rahim, Mike Epps, Emma Roberts, and Adam Scott.

The movie was released on February 14, 2024. It got negative reviews from critics and regural viewers.


Evelyn Baring, 1st Earl of Cromer

Evelyn Baring was also known as Lord Cromer. He was the British High Commissioner who served in Egypt from 1883-1907. He was in charge of extending British influence in the Middle Eastern area and making the British position in the Suez Canal zone stronger.

Lord Cromer opposed any type of Egyptian nationalism. 

Brittany Cartwright

Brittany Nicole Cartwright Cauchi (born January 25, 1989) is an American television personality. She is best known as a former main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules" and as a main cast member on the spin-offs, "" and "The Valley".

Brittany Nicole Cartwright was born in Clark County, Kentucky on January 25, 1989, as the youngest of three children to Donald Cecil "Don" Cartwright (born 19 June 1958) and his first wife, Sherri Leigh Cartwright (née Turner; born 28 March 1963). She has an elder brother and sister. Her parents divorced in 1991. She also has two younger half-brothers from her father's second marriage.

Cartwright studied nursing at Eastern Kentucky University, a public university in Richmond.

Cartwright appears in the 2012 music video for ""Drinking Side of Country"" by Bucky Covington feat. Shooter Jennings.

Cartwright joined cast of the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules" as a recurring cast member for the fifth season on November 7, 2016. She made guest appearances during the fourth season in 2015. She was upgraded to the main cast from the sixth season on December 4, 2017. She was fired after the eighth season in 2020.

Cartwright appeared on the second spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules", "". The series premiered on August 23, 2017.

Cartwright launched her podcast, "When Reality Hits with Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright", on March 28, 2023.

Cartwright appeared on the Peacock reality television series "Watch With The Cast". The series premiered on April 13, 2023.

Cartwright is the co-owner of Jax's Studio City, which opened in September 2023. 

Cartwright has served as a main cast member on the fourth spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules", "The Valley" since the debut season. The series is set to premiere on March 19, 2024.

Cartwright married Jax Taylor at Kentucky Castle in Versailles, Kentucky on June 29, 2019. The couple began in a relationship in 2015 and were engaged at Neptune's Net in Malibu, California on June 7, 2018. On September 21, 2020, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child. Their son, Cruz Michael Cauchi, was born on April 12, 2021.

Cartwright and her family reside in San Fernando Valley, California.

A Dangerous Woman (movie)

A Dangerous Woman is a 1993 romantic drama movie. It was based loosely on the same-named novel by Mary McGarry Morris. It was released three weaks before Christmas in 1993.

Martha Horgan (played by Debra Winger) is a cognitively troubled woman trying to have a normal life despite being so. While working at a local dry cleaner, she is accused of stealing money in the cash register. Martha is then fired. But she believes and thinks that the thefts were done by the boyfriend of her colleague Birdie. The boyfriend's name is Getso.

Martha is later depressed and returns to the house of her Aunt Frances (played by Barbara Hershey). She then discovers a handyman named Mackey (played by Gabriel Byrne) is hired to repair the home's porch. Aunt Frances plans hosting a gala for a local politician. The porch needs repairs due to the politician's wife being very angry. The wife was angry following her husband's affair with Frances. So she drove right into the porch and damaged it on purpose.

Mackey is nice with Martha. He defends her against Getso as Getso is insulting and bullying her. Mackey smashes the windshield of Getso's van.

But then one night Mackey returns home while drunk to Martha's home, lets himself in and proceeds having sex with her while she's eager on her sofa. Mackey later performs sex on Aunt Frances (who happens being also drunk that night).

Janet Maslin for the "New York Times" liked the movie and some of the direction of the cast but found "A Dangerous Woman" more like melodrama rather than normal drama. The Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie only 47% out of fifteen reviews. For her performance Winger was nominated with a Golden Globe Award. She also won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival.

List of heads of state of Costa Rica

On October 11, 1821, the province of Costa Rica proclaimed its absolute independence from Spain. On the 29th of that month, the city of Cartago, head of the Partido de Costa Rican, also signed an act declaring the absolute independence of the Spanish Government.

During this period the main divisions occurred between two sides; the imperialist who sought to annex Costa Rica to the First Mexican Empire and the Republican who sought full independence from Costa Rica. The monarchicals or monarchists also advocated the recognition of Agustín de Iturbide as emperor.

! Colspan=3|
Catherine Noble

Catherine Noble (born 23 February 1966.) is a French taekwondoiste. 

She participated in the taekwondo demonstration sport tournament at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the under 51 kg category; she won the bronze medal  .

She won a gold medal at the 1989 German Open. She trains with Breuillet club.

Trinidadians and Tobagonians

People from Trinidad and Tobago. Nikki Minaj "Super Bass".

Ghislaine Alajouanine

Ghislaine Alajouanine (born 28 July 1948 Chambon-sur-Voueize) is a French telemedicine advocate. In 2023: she was awarded the Commander of the Legion of Honor.

Ghislaine Alajouanine studied law and economics  . She has a Diplôme d'études supérieures spécialisées from the Institute of Studies and Research in Economic Sciences  .

Ghislaine Alajouanine began her career in construction as a project manager at Bâtir SA. 

In 1985, she created and managed a clinic financing company in Canada. 

She worked to facilitate access to telemedicine in developing countries, particularly through her interaction with Alain Bensoussan, president of the National Center for Space Studies .

She campaigned against medical deserts in France and encourages telemedicine.

From 2005 to 2007, she served two terms as President of the Board of Directors of the Foundation for Medical Research..

She is president of the French-speaking Academy of Health and Telemedicine; in 2008 she was president of the French High Council for Telehealth  .

Urabi revolt

Ahmed Urabi was originally from a rural village in the Nile Delta. However, he rose to become a military officer later. He was quite popular amongst the rural population in Egypt.

Carla Hinrichs

Carla Hinrichs (born 7 February 1997 Bremen ) is a German climate activist. She is a spokesperson for the Last Generation climate alliance.

As a student she was involved with Amnesty International .  After graduating from high school, she completed an internship at the Bremen Regional Court . From 2015 she studied law at the University of Bremen, and in Portugal . In the summer of 2021 she moved to Berlin .  Before the start of the 2021/22 winter semester, and law exam, she stopped studying in order to “apply law” so that “the world becomes fairer”.

She was involved in the environmental protection movement Extinction Rebellion, but in her opinion “something more was needed to increase the pressure,”  Hinrichs founded the Last Generation alliance with others in 2021 , Beginning of 2022, they organized blockades in the streets. Supported by donations,  Hinrichs became a full-time activist and a press spokesperson for the organization.  She appeared as a speaker on several television talk shows .

In March 2023, the Tiergarten district court sentenced Hinrichs to a fine of 600 euros (20 daily rates of 30 euros each) for coercion during a road blockade in Berlin in February 2022 .  After a blockade in Frankfurt in April 2022 , Hinrichs was served with a penalty order for 1,800 euros (60 daily rates ). After her objection, the main hearing took place on May 11, 2023 at the Frankfurt am Main district court . Hinrichs defended herself and received a prison sentence of two months for coercion, suspended for three years. Her appeal was rejected by the Frankfurt am Main regional court on 4 January 2024. 

On 24 May 2023, Hinrich's apartment was searched by police officers after the Munich Public Prosecutor's Office opened an investigation against her, and six other members of the Last Generation on suspicion of forming a criminal organization .

Jason Caperna

Jason Paul Caperna (born October 15, 1983) is an American attorney and television personality. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "The Valley".

Jason Paul Caperna was born in the United States on October 15, 1983.

Caperna graduated from Boston College with his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science. He graduated from Loyola Law School, a private Catholic university in Los Angeles, California, with his Doctor of Law degree in 2009.

Caperna began his career as an attorney. He was sworn in by the California State Bar on December 12, 2009. He has been a partner with the law firm Acumen Law, LLP in Glendale, California, since November 2012.

Caperna made his television debut as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "The Valley". The series is set to premiere on March 19, 2023.

Caperna married Janet Elizabeth Fortener in a small ceremony on June 12, 2022. Their son was born in December 2023.

Clock tower

Clock towers are a type of building which have a big clock and have one or more clock faces on the upper walls. Many clock towers are built alone but they can also be with or be located on top of another building. Some other buildings also have clock faces on their outer walls but these buildings are used for other purposes.

Clock towers are common in many parts of the world with some being very well known. One example is the Elizabeth Tower in London (usually called "Big Ben", but this name only belongs to the bell inside the tower).

Lothair I

Lothair I (Dutch and Medieval Latin: "Lotharius"; German: "Lothar"; French: "Lothaire"; Italian: "Lotario"; 795 – 29 September 855) was the ruler of the Carolingian Empire from July 817 until his death in 29 September 855.

Wilhelm, Duke of Oldenburg

Peter Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Oldenburg, born 3 January 1754 at Eutin Castle in Eutin, died 2 July 1823 at Schloss Plön in Plön. Wilhelm succeeded his father, Friedrich August I, Duke of Oldenburg as the Duke of Oldenburg in 1785. Wilhelm's mother was Princess Ulrike Friederike Wilhelmine of Hesse-Kassel. 
Nyctixalus spinosus

The spiny Indonesian tree frog ("Nyctixalus spinosus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it between 300 and 1430 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 30 to 37 mm long from nose to rear end. It is red-brown in color with small white bumps on it and yellow and orange spots. There is some webbed skin on the feet. It has disks on its toes for climbing. The disks on the front feet are larger than the disks on the back feet. The frog's belly and sides are orange-yellow in color.

This frog lives in forests and in places near forests that humans have changed. The frog lives on the ground in the dead leaves on the ground. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. People cut down the forests to make small farms, large palm oil farms, and to collect wood to make charcoal.

Nasutixalus

Nasutixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. These frogs live in northeastern India, southeastern Tibet, and western Yunnan (China); they might also live in Nepal and Myanmar. People call them ridged-nose treefrogs in English.

The name "Nasutixalus" is from the Latin words "nasutus", for "large-nosed," and "ixalus", which is a word for tree frogs.

Scientists made the genus group "Nasutixalus" in 2016 because of the species "Nasutixalus medogensis". The species was described based on just one individual frog. Scientists did DNA studies and found that this one frog was in the family Rhacophoridae but not in any of the genuses that were already known. Sathyabhama Das Biju and team made a new genus for just one species, "Frankixalus", for "Polypedates jerdonii"; named for from the Free University of Brussels. But because the other scientists published their paper two days before Das Biju's team, all the other scientists decided to use "Nasutixalus". So "Frankixalus" is a synonym.

A one frog that scientists called "Theloderma moloch" at first was genetically distinct from other "Theloderma" and made the genus paraphyletic. Scientists studied "Theloderma moloch" more and caught more frogs. They found those frogs were more closely related to "Nasutixalus jerdonii" than to any other frogs in "Theloderma" so they renamed it "Nasutixalus medogensis".

There are three species:

"Nasutixalus" are good at hiding and hard to see, medium-sized frogs: adult males are long from nose to rear end and adult females are long. There is some webbed skin on the front feet and more on the back feet.

"Nasutixalus" live in trees in evergreen forests on mountains. Male "Nasutixalus jerdonii" and "N. yingjiangensis" call from tree holes. People have seen eggs from "N. jerdonii" have been found in water-filled tree holes. The eggs stick to the inner walls of the holes just above the surface of the water. People also saw tadpoles in the water. The tadpoles had eggs in their stomachs, so scientists think they eat eggs. Phytotelm-breeding frogs often have tadpoles that eat eggs because there is not much food in holes in trees. Scientists don't know whether the tadpoles ate eggs from their same species or not, but they think so.

Mixed Up World

"Mixed Up World" is a 2003 song by Sophie Ellis-Bextor. It is the leading single from her second studio album "Shoot from the Hip". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Scotland, number 32 in Australia, number 76 in the Netherlands, number 26 in Ireland, number 3 in Denmark and number 69 in Germany.

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

European 12-inch single

Australian CD single

The Coffin of Andy and Leyley

The Coffin of Andy and Leyley is an adventure video game. It was published by Kit9 Studio and was developed by Nemlei. The game is released in chapters, with the first chapter being released as a chapter on Itch.io on March 25, 2023. They released the game for Windows. The second chapter was released as early access on October 13, 2023. The third chapter is expected to release sometime in 2024.

The game is about a brother and sister named Andrew and Ashley Graves. They are both on the run after commiting crimes and are trying to survive in a terrifying world. There are different paths the story goes down depending on what the player does.

The game was criticised for a path in the story where Andrew and Ashley both have an Incestuous relationship and another where the two murder and eat their parents. However, the game was liked by game critics. Critics said that they liked how the creators wrote the toxic sibling relationship well. They also praised the way that topics like incest and cannibalism were handled.

The Political Compass

The Political Compass is a website, probably from Great Britain, that asks people questions to figure out if they’re Left-Authoritarian, Right-Authoritarian, Left-Libertarian or Right-Libertarian.

The Political Compass uses Left to mean supporting Socialism and Right to mean supporting Capitalism. It uses Authoritarian to mean Statist. It uses Libertarian to mean Liberal. 

The Political Compass has been criticized by a lot of political commentators. Ben Shapiro, Destiny and Steven Crowder have all said that it’s a bad test. 
Just Tell Me What You Want

Just Tell Me What You Want is a 1980 American romantic comedy movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Ali MacGraw, Myrna Loy, Judy Kaye, Alan King, Keenan Wynn, Joseph Maher, Peter Weller. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Pachycormus discolor

"For other uses, see Pachycormus. For the extinct pachycormiform, see Pachycormus (fish)."

Pachycormus discolor is a species of flowering plant in the family Anacardiaceae. It is commonly called the Baja elephant tree. It is endemic to the Baja California peninsula. This sarcocaulescent plant has three varieties.

The Baja elephant tree has a gnarled growth habit that can make bizarre or strange forms. The leaves are dark green and drought deciduous, yellowing first before they drop.

The genus name "Pachycormus" comes from the Greek "pachy" for "thick" and "kormos" for "trunk", referencing the plant's thick caudiciform trunk.


Wrong Way

"Wrong Way" is a 1997 song by Sublime and is the third single from their third and final studio album "Sublime". It went to number 47 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart and number 3 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.

Lauren Weinstein (cartoonist)

Lauren Weinstein (born 1975) is an American comic book artist and illustrator. Her first comics appeared as syndicated strips in the Seattle Stranger and Gurl.com, a website aimed at teenagers.

John Salley

John Thomas Salley (born May 16, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player. He was the first player in NBA history to win championships with three franchises (since joined by Robert Horry, Danny Green, and LeBron James), as well as the first player in the NBA to win a championship in three different decades (since joined by Tim Duncan).

Trigonometric interpolation

In maths, Trigonometric interpolation is interpolation with trigonometic polynomials. Interpolation is a way of trying to find values between two known points of data. In trigonometric interpolation, the values have to be a trigonometric polynomial. 

Planet Funk

Planet Funk is an Italian electronic band. The group is composed of Marco Baroni, Domenico "GG" Calipari, Alex Neri, Dan Black and formerly Sergio Della Monica who died in February 2018. In addition a number of guest vocalists joined the group, including: Auli Kokko, Sally Doherty, Raiz, John Graham, Giuliano Sangiorgi and Alex Uhlmann.

313 (number)

313 is the number that is after 312 and 314.


Caveman

A caveman is a prehistoric human who lived a long time ago in caves.

Damian Kane

Damian Kane (born 14 December 1954 in London, England) is a British vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, who plays the keyboards, synthesizer, piano and Hammond organ. He is primarily known for his work with the new wave bands Lene Lovich, Joan Armatrading, and Cliff Richard.

Deaths in May 2000

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2000.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
































The Congress Dances (1955 movie)

The Congress Dances () is a 1955 Austrian historical romantic musical comedy movie directed by Franz Antel and is a remake of the 1930 movie "The Congress Dances". It stars Johanna Matz, Rudolf Prack, Hannelore Bollmann, Marte Harell, Jester Naefe, Gunther Philipp, Karl Schönböck and Oskar Sima.

Pseudoasthenocormus

Pseudoasthenocormus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the family Pachycormidae in the order Pachycormiformes with one species, P. retrodorsalis. Fossils were found in Germany. It lived during the Upper Jurassic (Kimmeridgian–Tithonian). The name comes from "Asthenocormus", and the epithet is after the Greek for rear fin. "Pseudoasthenocormus" resembled an ichthyodectiform in appearance, but it was not related to them. It was also large in size. It had a robust and compact body that was more slender than "Asthenocormus". The dorsal fin is set far back. It is much shorter than the latter.

The first fossils of this animal, found in the Solnhofen deposit, were described in 1914 by Eastman, who made the species another species of "Asthenocormus". Only in 1999 did Lambers redescribe the species. That taxon was then attributed to the new genus "Pseudoasthenocormus".


The Maddest Car in the World

The Maddest Car in the World () is a 1975 West German family comedy movie directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber (who also stars) and also starring Salvatore Borghese, Walter Giller, Walter Roderer, Evelyne Kraft, Ulrich Beiger, Peter W. Staub.

Sauropsis

Sauropsis is an extinct genus of pachycormiform. It is a rather long-lived fish, having survived for more than 30 million years. It had a tapered body and two long pectoral fins. Compared to others, such as "Pachycormus", this animal possessed a more elongated skull, a more rigid axial skeleton and narrower, more pointed fins; the tail was deeply forked.

The genus has 4 species:


Shriram Pistons &amp; Rings Limited

Shriram Pistons and Rings Limited (SPR) is a company that manufactures and sells engine components, including valves, pistons, and , primarily serving the automotive sector.

The company, with a history spanning over 50 years, was founded by Dr. Charat Ram, a former president of the industry chamber (1973-1974). Presently, Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan holds the position of Managing Director and CEO.

SPR offers services such as design, development, validation, and manufacturing for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) in India. The company operates from its Tech Centre and headquarters in New Delhi.

Originally incorporated as Shama Pistons and Rings Ltd. in 1963, the company underwent a management change in 1972 under Dr. Charat Ram's leadership and was re-named Shriram Pistons & Rings Ltd. Over the years, SPR established technical collaborations with international entities such as KS KolBenschmidt GmbH, Germany, Riken Corporation, Japan, Honda Foundry Co. Ltd., Japan, and FUJI OOZX INC., Japan.

SPR achieved significant production milestones, increasing its monthly production to 2 million rings in December 2000 and 1 million engine valves in September 2005. The company received the TPM Excellence Award in 2004 and the TPM Special Award in 2007 from JIPM.

With a legacy spanning over five decades, SPR has played a vital role in the Indian automotive industry, supplying components for various vehicles, including cars, trucks, motorcycles, and .

SPR has received several awards and accolades in the automotive industry, including the Daimler India Commercial Vehicles award for Total Quality Management and the TPM Excellence Award.

This information provides an overview of Shriram Pistons and Rings Ltd for a Wikipedia article, categorizing key aspects under relevant headlines.

Franz Schediwy

Franz Schediwy (10 November 1892 - 17 January 1960) was an Austrian football player. He played as defender for SK Rapid Wien. 

Protosphyraena

Protosphyraena is an extinct genus of prehistoric marine pachycormiform that lived during the Upper Cretaceous (Coniacian-Maastrichtian). Although fossil remains have been found in both Europe and Asia, it is probably best known from the Smoky Hill Chalk of the Niobrara Formation of Kansas. It was built for speed,‭ ‬either steady cruising or sudden bursts after prey.

"Protosphyraena" shared the Cretaceous oceans with aquatic reptiles, such as mosasaurs and plesiosaurs, as well as with other prehistoric predatory fish. The name "Protosphyraena" is a combination of the Greek word "protos" ("early") plus "Sphyraena", as paleontologists thought it was an ancient barracuda. "Protosphyraena" is not related to the swordfish, but belongs to the extinct family Pachycormidae.




Vidisha

Vidisha is a city in central Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located 62.5 km northeast of the state capital, Bhopal. The name "Vidisha" is derived from the ...

Torana

Torana is a sacred or honorific gateway in Buddhist and Hindu architecture. Its typical form is a projecting cross-piece resting on two uprights or posts. It is made of wood or stone, and the cross-piece is generally of three bars placed one on the top of the other; both cross-piece and posts are usually sculpted.

Relics of Sariputra and Mahamoggallana

According to Buddhist texts, the cremated remains of the disciples were then enshrined in stupas at notable monasteries of the time, with Sariputta's remains being enshrined at Jetavana monastery and Moggallana's remains being enshrined at Veḷuvana monastery.

Stupa

At its simplest, a stupa is a dirt burial mound faced with stone. In Buddhism, the earliest stupas contained portions of the Buddha's ashes, and as a result, the stupa began to be associated with the body of the Buddha. Adding the Buddha's ashes to the mound of dirt activated it with the energy of the Buddha himself.

The Halifax Academy

The Halifax Academy is a secondary school located in Halifax, West Yorkshire. It is currently ran by headteacher Mr Perry.

Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar

Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar (; 14 March 1742 – 17 June 1797), also known by his regnal name of Agha Mohammad Shah (), played a significant role in Iranian history as the founder of the Qajar dynasty. He ruled as Shah from 1789 to 1797, leading Iran through a period marked by both centralized power and military conquests.

Originally part of the "Quwanlu" branch of the 
Qajar tribe, Agha Mohammad Khan became the king of Iran in 1789. However, his official coronation didn't take place until March 1796. His rise to power involved the deposition of "Lotf Ali Khan" from the Zand dynasty in 1794.

Notably, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar endured a challenging personal journey, having been castrated as a young adult when captured by Adel Shah Afshar. This left him childless, and he adopted the regnal name Agha Mohammad Shah upon ascending the throne.

Agha Mohammad Khan's reign is marked by significant achievements and actions. One of his notable accomplishments was the reunification of a centralized Iran, bringing about a sense of unity. He also played a crucial role in moving the capital to Tehran, a decision that still impacts the country today.

Despite his achievements, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar is remembered for his ruthless behavior during military campaigns, particularly in Georgia and Kerman. His cruelty and rapacious actions earned him a reputation that, while negative, also highlights his effectiveness as a military and political leader.

However, historical perspectives on Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar are not one-sided. Many view him as a pragmatic, calculating, and shrewd leader who made strategic decisions for the benefit of Iran. His reign, though relatively short-lived, left a lasting impact on the country's political landscape.

Tragically, Agha Mohammad Khan's life was cut short when he was assassinated on 17 June 1797. Following his death, his nephew, Fath-Ali Shah Qajar, succeeded him as the ruler of Iran.
In summary, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar's legacy is complex, marked by achievements in unifying Iran and establishing Tehran as the capital, as well as criticisms for his ruthless actions during military campaigns. His reign, though relatively brief, laid the foundation for the Qajar dynasty, leaving an indelible mark on Iranian history.

List of wars in history

The wars in history shown here are wars that took place in known history. Others before the Trojan War were not prehistoric (history that is not recorded). Prehistory ended in around 1200 BC , and the Trojan War began in around 1194-1184 BC (actual dates uncertain). The list below shows the wars in history, after prehistory.

Christophe Cuvillier

Christophe Cuvillier (born 5 December 1962) is the former chairman and former CEO of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield. During his career he worked for Lancôme, L'Oréal and the Fnac.

He graduated from HEC Paris in 1984.

Workers Party of Britain

The Workers Party of Britain (WPB) is a political party in the United Kingdom, formed in December 2019 and led by George Galloway, the Member of Parliament for Rochdale since the 2024 by-election.

The Workers Party of Britain was started after the Labour Party's lost the 2019 United Kingdom general election and the resignation of Jeremy Corbyn as Leader of the Labour Party. It was formed with a commitment to "defend the achievements of the people of Great Britain." 

In March 2021, the party stood its first candidate for elected office, Paul Burrows, in the by-election for Helensburgh and Lomond South ward on Argyll and Bute Council. Burrows came last out of six, gaining 22 votes (0.9%).

In the 2021 United Kingdom local elections, the party stood more than 40 candidates for local elections in England.

In July 2023, former Labour MP Chris Williamson joined.

Chris Williamson (politician)

Christopher Williamson (born 16 September 1956) is a British politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Derby North from 2010 to 2015 and again from 2017 to 2019. He was Shadow Minister for Communities and Local Government from October 2010 to October 2013. Williamson was a local councillor in Derby, representing the Normanton ward from 1991 until 2011. He was twice leader of Derby City Council.

In February 2019, Williamson was suspended from the Labour Party for his comments about how the party's responded to criticism over its handling of allegations of antisemitism within the party. After an investigation, Williamson was reinstated in June 2019 with a formal warning. He was suspended again two days later when the party decided to review the disciplinary decision. In October 2019, Williamson won a High Court challenge to the legality of the review of the decision but similar charges had been made on 3 September 2019, involving a further suspension; the High Court ruled the Labour Party's disciplinary procedure with regard to these charges should run its course. Labour's National Executive Committee blocked Williamson from standing as a Labour candidate in the 2019 general election. He resigned from the Labour Party and stood as an Independent, losing the seat and his deposit.

In July 2023, he joined the Workers Party of Britain. He was elected one of their deputy leaders in December 2023.

Fath-Ali Shah Qajar

Fath-Ali Shah Qajar (; May 1769 – 24 October 1834) was the second Shah (king) of Qajar Iran. His rule extended from June 17, 1797, until his passing on October 24, 1834. His reign witnessed a significant event—the permanent loss of Iran's northern territories in the Caucasus, which now include Georgia, Dagestan, Azerbaijan, and Armenia. This outcome resulted from the Russo-Persian Wars of 1804–1813 and 1826–1828, along with the treaties of "Gulistan" and "Turkmenchay", leading to the expansion of the Russian Empire.

Fath-Ali Shah is remembered by Iranians for several distinctive characteristics. Firstly, he was known for his remarkably long beard. Secondly, his slender waist, likened to that of a wasp, became a notable feature. Lastly, his legacy includes his numerous descendants. 

Towards the end of his rule, Iran faced severe economic challenges, coupled with military and technological shortcomings. These difficulties brought the nation to the brink of government breakdown. After Fath-Ali Shah's death, a power struggle ensued, further hastening Iran's descent into potential disarray.

During his reign, efforts were made to glorify the monarchy through artistic representations. Many visual depictions of Fath-Ali Shah and his court were crafted to celebrate the royal authority. Notable among these are rock reliefs, reminiscent of those established during the pre-Islamic Sasanian Empire. These reliefs can be found in Ray, Fars, and Kermanshah.

The purpose behind these artistic endeavors was to portray Fath-Ali Shah as the rightful heir to the ancient Persian empire. By doing so, he aimed to connect with his fellow countrymen and leave a lasting impression on future generations. Despite the challenges and complexities of his rule, Fath-Ali Shah Qajar's legacy endures through the visual representations that sought to immortalize his reign.

"Baba Khan", better known after his coronation in 1797 as Fath Ali Shah Qajar, was born in the city of "Damghan", located in the Semnan province of Iran. As his father was suspected of engaging in political activities against the Zand dynasty, he was sent as a five-year-old hostage to Shiraz to live with his uncle, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar, who was in exile at the time under the surveillance of Karim Khan Zand.

In 1779, after Karim Khan's death, Muhammad Khan Qajar rebelled against the Zand dynasty. During the ensuing wars, Baba Khan served under his uncle. When Agha Muhammed Khan Qajar emerged victorious and established the Qajar dynasty, he had no heir. Baba Khan was adopted by the king as his son and crown prince.

Baba Khan served as the governor of Fars when his uncle was assassinated in 1797. Subsequently, Baba Khan ascended to the throne and assumed the name Fath Ali Shah. The significant events during his reign were the two wars between Persia and Russia, where the Iranian army suffered defeats. The Gulistan Treaty and later the Turkmanchay Treaty were signed, resulting in Persia losing many of its northern territories to Russia

Initially, Fath Ali Shah Qajar appointed "Abbas Mirza", his youngest son from a noble lineage, as the crown prince. However, the crown prince died before the king, and Mohammad, the son of the crown prince, took his father's place as the crown prince. Mohammad later succeeded Fath Ali Shah Qajar, becoming the next and third king in the Qajar dynasty.

Josef Hagler

Josef Hagler (1 February 1893 - 1 August 1972) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder for SK Rapid Wien. In 1912 he played one match for the Austrian national football team. 
He played his only game for the Austrian national football team on 3 November 1912 versus Hungary.

Gardzienice

Gardzienice is a small village in Lublin Voivodeship. The Centre for Theatre Practices was started there in 1977 by Włodzimierz Staniewski. It does research, arts, music, and cultural investigation into the humanities.

It is supported by the Polish Ministry of Culture and National Heritage.

Ministry of Culture and National Heritage (Poland)

The Ministry of Culture and National Heritage is a ministry of the led by the Minister of Culture and National Heritage. It is responsible for national heritage preservation and . Ministry oversees state or partially state cultural institutions and implements the law regarding art and cultural property. The headquarters are located at Potocki Palace, in Warsaw. The minister has been Bartłomiej Sienkiewicz member of the Cabinet) since December 2023. 

Organizational ecology

Organizational ecology is a branch of organizational studies that draws from biology, economics, and sociology to examine how organizations emerge, evolve, and decline. 

Organizational ecology is divided into many levels like community, population, and organization. The community level involves interacting populations, the population level includes organizations engaged in similar activities, and the organization level focuses on individual organizations. When people talk about organizational ecology in research, they usually mean population ecology, which focuses on the second level, studying how groups of organizations change over time.

Before the 1970s, most research on organizations focused on how they adapt to change. But in the mid-1970s, researchers like William Evan and Eric Trist started looking at how the environment affects organizations. Trist defined population ecology as studying how groups of organizations interact and create a system. Then, in 1977, Michael T. Hannan and John H. Freeman developed a theory of population ecology, explaining how organizations compete and evolve, similar to natural selection. This approach examines how organizations start, end, and change over time. 

Organizational ecology has since become a major field in studying organizations, known for its use of big data over long periods. Some key books in this field are "The Demography of Corporations and Industries" and "Logics of Organization Theory."


Umamah bint Zainab

Umamah bint Zainab married Ali ibn Abi Talib after the death of Fatima. She was the granddaughter of the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him from his daughter Zainab and Al as ibn Rabi'a

Diane Rehm

Diane Rehm (born Diane Aed; September 21, 1936) is an American journalist. She is the host of Diane Rehm: On My Mind podcast, produced at WAMU, which is licensed to American University in Washington, D.C.. She is the former American public radio talk show host of The Diane Rehm Show, which was distributed nationally and internationally by National Public Radio. The show was produced at WAMU.

Nyctixalus pictus

The painted Indonesian tree frog, spotted tree froglet, Sumatra Indonesian tree frog, cinnamon tree frog, cinnamon frog, spotted tree frog, white-spotted tree frog, or white-spotted brown frog ("Nyctixalus pictus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Vietnam, Myanmar, Brunei, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Singapore. People have seen it between 50 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have been cut down and grew back. It does not live in places where too many trees have been cut down. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees. People have also seen the frogs breed in buckets of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. Some of the places where the frog lives are protected parks.

Sometimes people catch this frog to sell as pets, but scientists do not think they do it enough to make the frog die out.

Schooner

A schooner is a sailboat with at least two masts. It has special sails, called fore-and-aft rigs on all masts. Also, the mast at the front is not the highest. Today, most schooners have three masts. The first schooner was built in 1713, in Gloucester, north of Boston.

Confession

In general, a confession is is when a person tells someone a thing that the other person usually does not know. In different contexts, the word has slightly different meanings:


Often, a confession is associated with an admission of a moral or legal wrong:
Not all confessions reveal wrongdoing, however. For example, a declaration of love is often considered positive both by the confessor and by the recipient of the confession and is a common theme in literature. 

There are several specific kinds of confessions that have significance beyond the social. A legal confession involves an admission of some wrongdoing that has a legal consequence. Confession in religion varies widely across various belief systems. It is usually part of a ritual by which the person acknowledges thoughts or actions considered sinful or morally wrong within the confines of the confessor's religion. In some religions, confession takes the form of an oral communication to another person. Socially, however, the term may refer to admissions that are neither legally nor religiously significant.

Some confessions are very notable. For example, the confession of Henry II of England to the murder of Thomas Becket.

Captain general of Central America

During Mexico's annexation of the region, Mexico and Central America had the same heads of state. Iturbide ruled as regent, and then as emperor, from January 1822 until his abdication in March 1823, after which, the three leaders of the provisional government—Bravo, Victoria, and Negrete—served as joint heads of state.


Legal confession

In law, a confession is when a person admits to being involved in a crime. In many law systems, confessions that have been provided when the person was forced, are not usable. Histoically, a common way of forcing someone to confess was with torture. 

Harald Scharff

Harald Scharff (20 February 1836-3rd January 1912) was a Danish ballet dancer and actor. The roles he became famous for was James in La Sylphide in 1856, and as Paolo in Flower Festival in Genzano, in 1858. Scharff might have had a relationship with Hans Christian Andersen.

Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny

Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is a 2023 American adventure movie directed by James Mangold. It stars Harrison Ford, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Antonio Banderas, John Rhys-Davies, Toby Jones, Boyd Holbrook, Ethann Isidore, Mads Mikkelsen, and Karen Allen. The movie was released on June 30, 2023. It was a box office bomb.


Khalifa

Khalifa (خليفة) is a name which means "leader" or "ruler". The title is most commonly used for a leader of a caliphate but it is also used by Islamic groups such as Daesh and theAhmadi community. The first Khalifa in the Rashidun Caliphate was Abu Bakr but many groups such as the Twelvers claim it was supposed to be Ali. This is due to the different interpretations of the word Khalifa between Sunni scholars and Shi'i scholars.

Maurice Bishop International Airport

Maurica Bishop International Airport, formerly known as Point Salines International Airport, is an international airport in St. George's, Grenada.

The airport was the starting point for the Invasion of Grenada by the United States. American paratroopers battled Grenadan soldiers and armed Cuban construction workers for several hours before securing the airport, after which American planes could land there.

Yahya Sinwar

Yahya Sinwar is a Palestinian politician who is the leader of Hamas in Gaza .

He was born in a Khan Yunis refugee camp in Gaza (ruled by Egypt at the time) in 1962 to a family who was forcibly removed from the city of Ashkelon in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. He studied at the Islamic University of Gaza and got a degree in studies of the Arabic language.
He got 4 life sentences (18 years each) in 1989 for killing 8 Israelis and their allies by Israel, where he spent 22 years in until the 2011 prison swap where he was released with approximately 1,000 other prisoners for the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit. He was elected in 2017 as Hamas' leader in Gaza and wanted to seek "peaceful resistance" against Israel. He was re-elected in 2021 and was almost killed by Israel that year.

Eduardo Gomes International Airport

Eduardo Gomes International Airport is the international airport serving Manaus, Brazil.

Marwan Issa

Marwan Issa is a member of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades which is the military wing of the Hamas party.
He planned out the attacks by Hamas on the 7th of October 2023 alongside Mohammed Deif. He was put on a terrorist watchlist by the US in late 2019 and EU in late 2023 respectively.
He will replace Yahya Sinwar's position Hamas leader in the Gaza Strip if he dies and Mohammed Deif's position as the main leader of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.

Mohammed Deif

Mohammed Deif is the head of staff in the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the Hamas movement.
He was born in 1965 in the Khan Yunis Refugee Camp inside the Gaza Strip that was set up by Israel after the 1948 Palestine War.
He joined the Hamas movement in 1987 and went by the alias Mohammed Deif, which means guest in the Arabic language, possibly referring to how he would live like a nomad to not be targeted by the government of Israel.
In 2015 and 2023 respectively, he was designated a terrorist by the EU and USA.

RSPCA Australia

RSPCA Australia (Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) is an Australian organisation that was founded in 1981. It promotes animal welfare.

The RSPCA is partly funded by the Australian Government. It is the leading animal welfare organisation in Australia. It also has many animal shelters for pet adoption, and many animal products in Australian supermarkets are from RSPCA-approved farms.

The RSPCA in Australia is inspired by the British RSPCA, an animal welfare charity in England and Wales.

The RSPCA has branches in every state and territory of Australia:

Animals that can be adopted at RSPCA shelters include birds, cats, dogs, farm animals, ferrets, guinea pigs, rabbits and rodents. Animals like amphibians, crabs, fish and reptiles are usually sold at pet stores and are not common at RSPCA shelters.

RSPCA shelters can be found in every state and territory and in both cities and towns. There is at least one RSPCA shelter in every capital city except Hobart.

Governors of the Australian states

Each Australian state has a governor, who serves as the head of state and represents the King or Queen. Governors perform the same actions as the federal Governor-General but on the state level. The Governor of a state acts on the advice of that state's Premier and the state cabinet.

The Australian Indian Ocean Territories (Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands), Norfolk Island and the Northern Territory have administrators instead of governors. The Australian Capital Territory does not have a governor or an administrator.

Mihail Kogălniceanu, Constanța

Mihail Kogălniceanu is a commune in Constanța County, Romania.

The Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport is in the commune.

Milling

Milling is a method of shaping materials by using special tools that spin and cut away excess material from a piece of work. The process involves guiding a cutting tool into the material to create a desired shape. This can be done by moving the tool in different directions and adjusting its speed and pressure.

Milling is widely used to make various parts, ranging from small components to large and heavy-duty items. It is a popular method for crafting custom parts with great precision. 
Milling can be done using different machines. Initially, there were machines called milling machines, often just referred to as mills. However, with technological advancements, we now have more advanced machines known as machining centers. These modern machines come with automatic tool changers, tool magazines, computer control, and other features.

These machines are broadly classified into two types: vertical machining centers (VMCs) and horizontal machining centers (HMCs), depending on how the cutter moves relative to the workpiece.

In the 1960s, the introduction of computer numerical control (CNC) transformed milling machines into what we now call machining centers. These centers are equipped with advanced features like automatic tool changes, computer control, and cooling systems.

Over time, the idea of combining milling with turning operations emerged. Initially, live tooling was introduced for lathes, and mills were occasionally used for turning. This led to the development of multitasking machines (MTMs). MTMs are designed to handle both milling and turning within the same workspace, making the manufacturing process more efficient.

In summary, milling is a versatile method used for shaping materials precisely. From basic milling machines to advanced machining centers and multitasking machines, the evolution of milling has played a crucial role in modern manufacturing. Whether you're crafting a small component or a heavy-duty part, milling is a go-to process for achieving accuracy and customization in production.

Burnside Project

Burnside Project is an American electropop band formed in 1999.


Soltau

Soltau is a mid-sized town in Heidekreis in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is in the middle of Lüneburg Heath. About 22,000 people live there. The town is known for its tourist attractions like the Heide-Park, the Soltau-Therme and the Soltau Toy Museum.

Today, Soltau has three primary schools, a grammar school, a middle school, a secondary modern school and a special needs school.

It has 16 districts:

Soltau is twinned with:


Charité

The Charité is a large hospital in Berlin. The medical school, University Medicine Berlin, is a joint institution with Free University of Berlin and the Humboldt University. It is Europe's largest university hospital. 

The Charité started in 1710. More than half of all German Nobel Prize winners in Physiology or Medicine, including Emil von Behring, Robert Koch and Paul Ehrlich, worked at the Charité. It is spread over four campuses. There are about 3,000 beds, 15,500 people who work there, 8,000 students, and more than 60 operating theaters. It has a turnover of two billion euros annually.

The modern history of medicine has been significantly influenced by scientists, who worked at the Charité. Rudolf Virchow was the founder of cellular pathology, while Robert Koch developed vaccines for anthrax, cholera, and tuberculosis. For his life's work Koch is seen as one of the founders of modern medicine. Paul Ehrlich discovered the first antibiotic, arsphenamine.

Cerro Maggiore

Cerro Maggiore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cerro Maggiore is twinned with:

Yorushika

N-buna met and formed the band with suis in 2017, who participated in one-man live. 
The band released their first EP in 2017, and released their first album in 2019 through Universal Music Japan.

In 2020, they released the theme song , and ending song for the anime film "A Whisker Away". 

In 2021, Suis provided the vocals for the ending theme to the Japanese version of the Disney film "Luca". 

In 2022, they released the theme song and for the Japanese TV drama 

In 2023, they released , the opening theme song for the first season of the anime series . 

In 2024, they released , the second opening theme song for the anime series, .



Corning, Kansas

Corning is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 212 people lived there.

Goff, Kansas

Goff is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 106 people lived there.

Centralia, Kansas

Centralia is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 485 people lived there.

Chula, Missouri

Chula is a city in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Wheeling, Missouri

Wheeling is a city in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Ludlow, Missouri

Ludlow is a village in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Mooresville, Missouri

Mooresville is a village in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Utica, Missouri

Utica is a village in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

WHYNOT

WHYNOT, or Wainao (), is a Chinese-language news magazine affiliated to Radio Free Asia, headquartered in Washington, D.C., USA.

"WHYNOT" is funded by the United States Agency for Global Media through special public funds and mainly spreads liberal values to youth groups in the Chinese-speaking world. Different from Radio Free Asia, the style and themes of "WHYNOT" are close to the needs and concerns of young people, including feminism, LGBT rights, vegetarianism, etc.

"Global Times" commented that this project was directly affected by the "Strategic Competition Act of 2021" passes by the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee in April 2021, which allocated US$1.5 billion for the "Hedge China Impact Fund".


Machining

Machining is a way to make things by removing material from a larger piece. This process is often used with metal, but it can also be done with wood, plastic, ceramic, and other materials. The goal is to create a specific shape or part. This method is called subtractive manufacturing because it involves cutting away material.

Machining is a crucial part of making metal products, but it's not limited to metals. People who specialize in machining are called machinists. They usually work in a place called a machine shop, which has tools for cutting and shaping materials.

In modern times, computers play a big role in machining. Computer Numerical Control (CNC) is a method where computers control machines like mills and lathes. This helps in making the process more efficient. CNC machines can work without constant human supervision, reducing labor costs for machine shops.

In recent years, advanced CNC machines have been developed, combining turning and milling into one process. These are known as CNC turning-milling compound centers.

The meaning of machining has changed over time. In the 18th century, a machinist was someone who built or fixed machines using manual processes like carving wood or hand-filing metal. Back then, the words "machine tool" and "to machine" didn't exist.

Around the mid-20th century, these terms were created as technology evolved. "Traditional" machining processes, like turning, milling, and drilling, became widespread. These processes use machine tools with sharp cutting tools to shape materials.

With new technologies after World War II, like electrical discharge machining and ultrasonic machining, the term "conventional machining" was used to differentiate older methods from newer ones. Today, when we say "machining," we usually mean the traditional processes. 

In recent decades, as additive manufacturing (AM), like 3D printing, became popular, the term "subtractive manufacturing" emerged. This term covers any process involving the removal of material, similar to traditional machining. The two terms are often used interchangeably.

Understanding machining is essential for anyone interested in manufacturing processes. Whether done traditionally or with modern technologies, machining plays a vital role in creating the products we use every day.

Radio Free Asia

Radio Free Asia (RFA) is a non-profit corporation that broadcasts radio programs and publishes news, information, and commentary for its audiences in Asia. It is funded by the United States government. 

The service aims to providing accurate and uncensored reporting to countries in Asia that have poor media environments and limited protections for speech freedom and press freedom.

Diana Award

The Diana Award is a special prize given to young people between the ages of 9 and 25. It is named after Diana, Princess of Wales, who believed that young people have the power to make the world a better place. This award was established in 1999 by a board chaired by former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown. It is the longest-running award for young people based on their actions. The award is given to young people who are working hard to make a positive difference in their communities and the world. This could include things like:


It is run by The Diana Award charity, a legacy charity of Princess Diana. It is based in London, UK. Winners of the Diana Award receive a special ceremony and a chance to connect with other young people who are also making a difference. The award is handed over to winners by The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Sussex. Currently, the CEO of The Diana Award is Tessy Ojo.

Award winners include Kanchan Amatya, Georgina Lara Booth, Asafa Powell, Angelo Cardona, Siddhant Sarang and Aishwarya Sridhar.

Fifi and the Flowertots

Fifi and the Flowertots is a British animated television series. It was created by Keith Chapman. It aired from 2 May 2005 to 5 July 2010. It featured a group of flower-based characters doing their activities and adventures through the garden. Fifi Forget-Me-Not and Primrose were voiced by Jane Horrocks, while the other characters were voiced by Maria Darling, Tim Whitnall, Marc Silk and John Thomson.

Keebler Company

The Keebler Company is an American cookie and former cracker manufacturer. It was founded in 1853. It has produced many baked snacks, advertised with the Keebler Elves. The brand is now owned by Ferrero SpA. Its slogans have included "Uncommonly Good" and "a little elfin magic goes a long way".

November Revolution

The November Revolution or also called the (Aponte rebellion) was an armed conflict that broke out in Cuba in 1812 against Spain when it was governed by Napoleon. It was the second revolt against the Empire since the Conspirators Rebellion. Jose Aponte Ulabarra, a black carpenter who was part of the Havana Militia was the main leader of the conflict.

First Messenian War

The First Messenian War was a set of battles between two 
Greek city states, Sparta and Messenia. It began in 743 BC and ended in 724 BC. These two major powers fought to decide which was the better kingdom in Greece. There were three Messenian Wars. This war was the first of them. Eventually, Sparta would defeat the Messenians. After the Second Messenian War Messenia was conquered and destroyed by the Spartans. In the Third Messenian War, there was no hope of freedom left for the Peloponnese (the people who lived in Messenia before the Spartans). 

The First Messenian War began as the result of population problems. Spartans were the major threat, and greatest kingdom in Greece. The military was highly trained, and was very good at land battles. But there was one big problem. Sparta had a small population. The kingdom soon found a risky solution. Right beside Sparta, there was a kingdom that had a very large population: Messenia. It had a population of about 8000 to 10,000. So the Spartans wanted the Messenian people. For a start, the ninth king of Sparta, Almenes built a large army. 

The First Messenian War started successfully for the Spartans. The city of Ampheia in Messenia was easily taken. While the people living in the city were sleeping, the Spartan army suddenly appeared at the city walls and gates, and massacred the opposition. They took many prisoner. Most of these prisoners were sold as slaves. 

For the rest of the war, the Spartans invaded, massacred, and took captive. The Messenian army could not do much to defend its country. 

King Aristodemus of Messenia was troubled about the Spartan expansion in his lands. So he ordered guerrilla warfare to take place. Even this strategy did not stop the Spartans, and after about 20 years of fighting, Messenia gave up the the first round to the Spartans. The Second Messenian War would begin in a matter of years.

King Aristodemus of Messenia sacrificed his daughter to the god of death for a victory over the Spartans. When Aristodemus realized that he lost the First Messenian War, he deeply regreted the sacrifice. He also felt betrayed by the gods. According to legend, the king killed himself by the grave of his daughter in sadness. 

The main contribution of the First Messenian War was that Sparta successfully increased its population, and also made its influence in Ancient Greece greater.

Arch Deluxe

The Arch Deluxe was a hamburger sold by the international fast food restaurant chain McDonald's in 1996. It was marketed specifically to adults. It was soon discontinued after failing to become popular. It is considered one of the most expensive product flops of all time.

King George, Virginia

King George is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of King George County.

Mai Ekhou

Mai Ekhou is a Mauritanian filmmaker born in Nouakchott, Mauritania 1987.

She spent her childhood and youth in Libya and Tunisia. 

Mai is a multi-talented artist working in the fields of photography and filmmaking.

She began her artistic career in photography in 2011, gaining international recognition since then, participating in various competitions and exhibitions.

Ekhou transitioned to filmmaking in 2012, working as a producer, director, writer, and editor. Since then, she has established herself as an independent director, producing notable works such as "Ishtar and Isis," "The First Box," "It's Not Over Yet," and "Gone and Never Back,"
Recognized as an Influential African Woman in Society (2017) by British Oxfam.

Elected as a member of the selection and arbitration committees at various festivals: - SFTF Film Festival - Columbia. - Hollywood Las Vegas Film Festival - United States. - Kobani International Film Festival - Syria. - Jerusalem Visual Media Festival - Jerusalem.

She got Jury Prize, Nouakchott International Film Festival (2015), Mention at the Arab International Film Festival in Gabes (2016), First place in the short film competition at the Arab Youth Creativity Festival in Cairo (2019),Third place at the African Oscar Festival in Cairo (2019), Special mention from the jury, International Film Festival in Iran (2019).

Nasutixalus medogensis

The Medog ridge-nosed tree frog ("Nasutixalus medogensis") is a frog. It lives in Tibet, in China. People have seen it 1619 meters above sea level.

This frog lives high in the trees where the branches come together like a roof.

Scientists think human beings changing wetlands could hurt this frog.

Color (typography)

In typography and typesetting, color refers to the apparent darkness or density of a region of text, considered in the context of the printed (or handwritten) page. For example, a region of text may be said to be too dark or too light, or the color may be described as inconsistent. The same concept is used in type design, wherein the designer may seek to achieve "even color"—that is, to create the optical impression of roughly uniform density or blackness within specimens of text set in that typeface.

Duke of Sussex

Duke of Sussex is a noble title given to a male member of the British Royal Family. It is considered a hereditary title, meaning it can be passed down from father to son. The title was first created in 1801 and given to Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex, the sixth son of King George III. It is one of several royal dukedoms in the British peerage system. This title became extinct in 1843 when Prince Augustus Frederick died without any sons. The title was revived in 2018 and bestowed upon Prince Harry, the younger son of King Charles III, on the occasion of his wedding to Meghan Markle. The wife of the Duke of Sussex is called the Duchess of Sussex.

The word "Duke" is linked to Sussex way back in history. This area used to be a separate kingdom called Sussex, ruled by kings. Around the year 827, another kingdom called Wessex took over Sussex. Later, both became part of what we now know as England. Interesting fact: sometimes these early Sussex kings were called "ealdormen" or even "duces" in Latin, which can be kind of like saying "duke".

In 1801, the special title "Duke of Sussex" was given for the first time to Prince Augustus Frederick. He was the sixth son of King George III. Interestingly, he also received two other titles that same day: Baron Arklow and Earl of Inverness. But these titles all disappeared when Prince Augustus Frederick died in 1843.

Although the Prince was survived by a son and daughter by Lady Augusta Murray, their marriage (purportedly solemnized at St George's Hanover Square Church, Westminster, in 1793) had been annulled for lack of royal permission under the Royal Marriages Act 1772, rendering the children illegitimate under English law and unable to inherit titles from their father. Both children by the annulled marriage died childless, rendering the issue of their inheritance moot.

Prince Augustus married again in 1831, but this time he broke the rules (called the Royal Marriages Act) again! He married Lady Cecilia Gore in London. Because of this she didn't become a legitimate wife of Prince Augustus, Lady Cecilia couldn't join the royal family at official events. But later, in 1840, Queen Victoria gave Lady Cecilia her own special title, Duchess of Inverness.

In 2018, when Prince Harry, grandson of Queen Elizabeth, married Meghan Markle, he received a special title - Duke of Sussex! This title was brought back just for him, as the previous Duke lived a long time ago. Meghan, his wife, became the first ever Duchess of Sussex. He also got other lesser titles for different parts of the UK. A year later, they welcomed a son, Prince Archie, who inherits these titles when he grows up.

University Hospital Bonn

The University Hospital Bonn is a large teaching hospital in Bonn with more than 1306 beds. More than 8,500 people work there.

At the same time as the Prussians started the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn in 1818, the first professors and clinics were started for internal medicine, surgery and obstetrics, among others. Because they needed more space, these clinics moved to new buildings on Theaterstraße in the area of today's Beethovenhalle during the German Empire.

After World War II, the hospital moved to a large area on the Venusberg in the middle of the Kotten Forest, and now only the Forensic Medicine Institute, the Diamorphine Outpatient Clinic, the Preclinical Institutes and the Dental Clinic remain in the city outside the Venusberg campus. Since 2001, Bonn University Hospital has been independent with its own supervisory board. It is managed by a five-member board of directors. Prof. Dr. med. Dr. h.c. mult. Wolfgang Holzgreve, MBA, has been chairman of the board since 2012.

Tessy Ojo

Tessy Ojo, also known as Theresa Ojo is a British-Nigerian charity executive. Born in March 1971, Tessy is the Chief Executive Officer of the Diana Award. In the 2020 Queen's Birthday Honours, Ojo was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services to young people. She is also a trustee of Comic Relief and a member of the Appeals Advisory Committee of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). She has a bachelor's degree in biochemistry and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree and first worked in the corporate sector before moving into charity work.

Teaching hospital

A teaching hospital is a hospital or medical centre that provides medical education and training to future and current health professionals. Teaching hospitals are almost always affiliated with one or more universities and are often co-located with medical schools.

The first teaching hospital where students were authorized to methodically practice on patients under the supervision of physicians was reportedly the Academy of Gundishapur in the Persian Empire during the Sassanid era. Some of the earliest teaching hospitals were the Islamic Bimaristans, which included the Al-Adudi Hospital founded in Baghdad in 981 and the Al-Fustat Hospital in Cairo founded in 872.

Highland Papua

Highland Papua () is a province of Indonesia. It has an area of . In 2022, 1,430,459 people lived there. The province was created on 11 November 2022 as a split from Papua. It is on the central highlands of Western New Guinea, where it is the only landlocked province in Indonesia. The capital is in Jayawijaya Regency.

Nasutixalus jerdonii

Jerdon's bubble-nest frog, Jerdon's tree frog, Jerdon's bush frog, Jerdon's ridge-nosed tree frog, or Darjeeling bubble-nest tree frog ("Nasutixalus jerdonii") is a frog. It lives in India and Myanmar. Scientists think it may live in Nepal also. People have seen it between 1336 and 1600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in evergreen forests on hills and mountains and in forests that have been cut down and grew back. People have also seen it in bamboo plants. It does not live in places where too many trees have been cut down. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees. The tadpoles swim in the water and eat eggs.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. Some of the places where the frog lives are protected parks.

Mercurana

Mercurana is a group of frogs that live in trees in the family Rhacophoridae. Scientists named it for its only species Mercurana myristicapalustris, which lives in the Western Ghat Mountains in Kerala, India. The English name is for the singer Freddie Mercury, from the band Queen and the Latin name for "frog" ("Rana"). The frog is different from other frogs in that it has a lot of webbed skin on its toes, lives only in swamps, and lays its eggs on mud mixed with leaf litter.

Scientists caught the type species (holotype) of "Mercurana" was collected on May 18, 2012 in bushes near the edge of a temple compound, Arippa, near Kulathupuzha Reserve Forest. This temple is in Kollam district, Kerala, India. It was a single adult male frog. They found two more adult males on July 12, 2012. The first paper about this frog was published on April 17, 2013 in the journal "Zootaxa".

The scientists chose to name the frog Mercury because Freddie Mercury's "vibrant music was inspiring." Further, Freddie Mercury was of Indian-Parsi origin and spent much of his childhood in Panchgani, which is in the northern part of the mountain range where the frog was found. The specific name comes from the words "Myristica" (a genus of the nutmeg family of trees), and "palustris", which is Latin for "swampy," because the frog lives in swamps with "Myristica" trees.

The frog is a delicate habitat, which means that small chances can have big results.

"Mercurana" are medium-sized frogs; male adults are about 35 mm in from nose to rear end, and the female frog can be as long as 65 mm. They have a slender body which is rusty-brown in color with small black spots on the back. Females frogs are greenish-yellow in color on the back. The dorsal surface of the skin is a rough and bumpy. The belly side is gradually lightened and becomes mostly white. Some areas of the underside of the fore-and hind-limbs have patches of yellow color. The snout is rounded and sticks out. Unlike other related species, "Mercurana" has large toes on its back feet with lots of webbed skin, but there is no webbed skin on the front feet, which have large disks on them for climbing. This frog has vomerine teeth in its jaw and bumps on its tongue. These frogs have dark eyes, with oval-shaped pupils that go side to side.

"Mercurana" live in trees in swamp forests. They lay eggs before the yearly rainstorms. During the breeding season, males call females at sunset while sitting on trunks of tree saplings or on the branches of understorey plants, generally 0.25–1.5 m above the forest floor. Different advertisement call types were observed. Sometimes males fight each other for good places to sit and call. The female climbs down to the male they mate by holding on to each other with their front legs. Then they climb down to the forest floor and dig up the leaf litter to reach the soil below. The female (still in amplexus) used her pointed snout to make a shallow hole in the soil. She then turns around to position the posterior ends of the pair over the hole, and she lays her eggs. She lays about 130 eggs at a time. This takes about one hour. The eggs are clear and not colored. The female then uses her back legs to mix the eggs into the soil. Then the two adult frogs leave. About seven days later, the tadpoles come out of the eggs. The tadpole is oval and depressed with a brown body and a pale-brown to off-white tail. The body, tail, and fins have scattered dark brown spots.

"Mercurana" lives in India. The monotypic species "Mercurana myristicapalustris" has been found only in the western foothills of the Agasthyamalai Hill Range in Kerala. People have seen these frogs in swampy forest 100 to 300 m above sea level, where "Myristica" trees grow.


Leptomantis

Leptomantis, or slim treefrogs, is a group of frogs that live in southern Thailand and the Philippines. Scientists used to think the frogs in the genus "Leptomantis" were in "Rhacophorus".

These species are in the genus "Leptomantis":

Riot Act

The Riot Act (1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 5), sometimes called the Riot Act 1714 or the Riot Act 1715, was an act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It gave local authorities power to declare any group of 12 or more people to be unlawfully assembled and order them to disperse or be punished. The act's full title was "An Act for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters". It came into force on 1 August 1715. It was repealed in England and Wales by section 10(2) and Part III of Schedule 3 of the Criminal Law Act 1967. Acts like it were part of the laws of British colonies in Australia and North America, some of which remain in force today.

The phrase "read the riot act" means a warning of consequences.

It was introduced during a time of riots in England. The preamble makes reference to "many rebellious riots and tumults [that] have been [taking place of late] in diverse parts of this kingdom", adding that those involved "presum[e] so to do, for that the punishments provided by the laws now in being are not adequate to such heinous offences".

Local officials could make an announcement ordering the dispersal of any group of twelve or more people who were "unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together". If the group failed to disperse within one hour, then anyone remaining gathered was guilty of a felony without benefit of clergy, punishable by death. This could be made in an incorporated town or city by the mayor, bailiff or "other head officer", or a justice of the peace. Elsewhere it could be made by a justice of the peace or the sheriff, undersheriff or parish constable. It had to be read out to the gathering concerned and had to follow precise wording detailed in the act; several convictions were overturned because some words had been left out, in particular "God save the King".

The wording that had to be read out to the assembled gathering was as follows:

In a number of jurisdictions, such as Britain, Canada and New Zealand, these words were put in the law itself. In New Zealand's Crimes Act 1961, section 88, repealed since 1987, was specifically given the heading of "Reading the Riot Act".

Estates-General of 1789

The Estates-General of 1789 was a gathering in France that brought together representatives from three social classes, known as estates: the clergy (First Estate), the nobility (Second Estate), and the common people (Third Estate). King Louis XVI called this meeting to address the financial and societal problems facing the country. However, the Third Estate decided to break away from the king’s authority and formed a National Assembly. This event is often seen as the beginning of the French Revolution.

Fathi Shaqaqi

Fathi Shaqaqi was the leader and founder of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. He was born in the Gaza Strip on the 4th of January 1951 to a family of refugees. 

He founded Islamic Jihad in 1981 with the goal of starting a Islamic state under sharia law in Israel and Palestine. His inspiration was based off of a mix of Khomeinism and Salafism.

Mohammad Ismail

Mohammed Ismail is a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and was formerly a member of Noakhali-11.

He was elected to parliament by the Noakhali-11 unit as a Bangladesh National Party candidate in the year 1979.

Edwin Emerson Jr.

Edwin Emerson Jr. (January 23, 1869 - October 3, 1959) was a noted German-born American journalist and war correspondent. His father Edwin Emerson Sr (1823-1908) was a literature professor, poet and photographer and his mother Mary Louisa Ingham (1829-1883) was the daughter of former Secretary of the Treasury, Samuel Delucenna and Deborah (Hall) Ingham. The family has six children (Harrington, Edwin Jr., Alfred, George, Samuel, and Margaret). Born in Dresden, Germany, Emerson graduated from Harvard University in 1891. He worked as a correspondent for the "Boston Post," the "New York Evening Post," and other periodicals. During the Spanish-American War, Emerson worked as a spy in Puerto Rico and joined the Rough Riders, serving as regimental clerk to Theodore Roosevelt.

Emerson covered the Russo-Japanese War on the Russian side and was taken prisoner by Japanese forces until he was released by US authorities. In World War I, he wrote dispatches from the German side of the conflict. Emerson established the Society of American Friends of Germany in 1933, and, at one point, he met with Adolf Hitler. Emerson published several books, includinig "A History of the 19th Century" and "Adventures of Theodore Roosevelt." Edwin A. Emerson, Jr. died in San Francisco in 1959 at the age of 90 years old.

Noakhali-11

The Noakhali-11 was one of the electoral districts of the National Parliament of Bangladesh. It was a seat at the National Assembly located in Noakhali district.

Noakhali-11 was formed in 1973 but was discontinued in 1984.

John the Baptist in Islam

Yahya ibn Zakariya (John, son of Zecariah) is a prophet in Islam, who was sent to the Children of Jacob to guide them. He is mentioned 5 times in the Quran.
He is honored in Sufism due to his good character and kindness. Sufis claim that both Jesus and Yahya are similar due to both being given wisdom by God and phrases being similarly used to describe the prophets.

Various hadiths say he died without any sins and the Quran says he was blessed both on the day he was born and the day he died.

2079

2079 will be a common year that starts on a Sunday. It will be the 79th year in the 3rd millennium and 21st century. It will also be the 9th year in the 2070s.

Any computer software using unsigned 16-bit binary day counts will overflow if it has a starting date of January 1, 1900 on June 6, 2079.

Hasanids

Hasanids are the sons of Imam Hassan who is the brother of Imam Hussein and the grandson of Muhamad. They are one of the branches of the Alids (those who are the sons of Ali) and one of those most important branches of the Alids.

The Hasanids unlike their brothers at the Husaynids are against the Abbasids and launched many unsucessful attacks against them.


Giovanni Gentile

Giovanni Gentile was an Italian philosopher and politician who was Minister of Education under Benito Mussolini. Gentille helped Mussolini write his ideas about Fascism and Mussolini called Gentille the “philosopher of Fascism.”

The Oxford Handbook of German Philosophy in the 19th Century

The Fascist Movement in Italian Life and Fascist Doctrines and Institutions

Giovanni Gentile, Encyclopedia Brittanica
Nasutixalus yingjiangensis

The Yingjiang ridge-nosed tree frog or Yingjiang tree-hole frog ("Nasutixalus yingjiangensis") is a frog. It lives in Tibet, in China. People have seen it 1610 meters above sea level.

This frog lives high in the trees where the branches come together like a roof.

Scientists think this frog is in danger of dying out because it has only been found in a small place: 129 square kilometers. However, scientists think it could live in other places too, but humans have cut the trees down to get wood to build with.

Scientists think human beings changing wetlands could hurt this frog.

Ahrar-ul-Hind

Ahrar ul Hind (freedom fighters for India) was a militant group that split from the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in 2014 due to peace talks with the government of Pakistan. Ahrar ul Hind said that they would not accept any peace talks with Pakistan and claimed responsibility for many attacks of terrorism in Pakistan. Later that year, the group merged with another militant group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar.

Amadeus Electric Quartet

Amadeus Electric Quartet is a Romanian All-female musical group that adopts the classical crossover genre. The band Amadeus consists of four musicians: Andreea Runceanu (violin), Bianca Gavrilescu (violin), Patricia Cimpoiasu (cello), and Laura Lazarescu (piano).

All-female ensemble Amadeus performed all over the world, released 6 records, and gained more than 200 Million hits on their official YouTube channel.

In 2015, Amadeus was awarded the trophy of the Most successful Romanian band internationally. In 2018, Amadeus was awarded the title of "Yamaha Music Europe Artist".

Amadeus was founded in November 2000 by composer and music producer Adrian Ordean and artistic manager Florin Ionescu, the first members being Andreea Runceanu (violin), Alexandra Chise (violin), Cristina Filotti (piano) and Gra?iela Giolu (double bass).

Amadeus started recording for the debut album, "Continental", in 2001, an album produced by Adrian Ordean. His first public appearance took place on February 10, 2001, on Home TV.

In 2002, Amadeus released their first album - "Continental". Notably, On December 1st, Amadeus performed for the Romanian soldiers at the US military base in Afghanistan.



Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen

Jaamat ul-Mujahideen (Assembly of Mujahideen) is a islamist militant group from Bangladesh. The group is designated a terror group by Malaysia, India, Bangladesh, the United Kingdom, and Australia. The group was founded in April 1998 by Abdur Rahman and gained attention when documents about the group was leaked in 2001. The group was designated a terrorist group by Bangladesh in Febuary 2005 due to attacks on charities.

Jamaat-ul-Ahrar

Jaamat ul-Ahrar (Assembly of the Freedmen) was a militant group that split away from the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in 2014. The group got media attention after it took responsibility for the 2014 Wagah border suicide attack. In 2020, the group rejoined the TTP. The group was designated a terrorist group by Pakistan and the UN in 2017.

Hizbul Islam

Hizbul Islam (Party of Islam) was a militant group formed after other militant groups merged to rebel against President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed. The four militant groups the merged were: Jabhatul Islamiya, Muaskar Anole, Mu'askar Ras Kamboni, and Hassan Dahir Aweys. The group merged with Al-Shabaab in 2010.

Taqiyya

Taqiyya is sinning for a pious cause in some forms of Islam. Sunnis believe that Taqiyya is only done for ones own safety but Shias also believe that taqiyya can be done any time as long as it is for a pious cause. Taqiyya is commonly used by in attacks of terrorism using misinterpretations of the Qur'an and hadith.

Tears (Rush song)

"Tears" is a 1976 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the fifth track from their fourth studio album "2112". It was covered by Alice in Chains in 2016 and was released as a single and their cover appeared on Rush's 40th anniversary edition of their fourth studio album.

HTV (Egypt)

HTV (), is an Egyptian digital television channel owned by The Walt Disney Company a company owned by the Egyptian General Intelligence Service (GIS) since 2020, The station positions itself on its website as "the only politically independent Egyptian television station."

Edging (song)

"Edging" is a 2022 song by Blink-182 and is the leading single from their ninth studio album "One More Time...". It went to number 61 in the United States, number 31 in the United Kingdom, number 50 in Australia, number 18 in Japan and number 25 in Canada. It charted outside the top 40 in New Zealand.

Go All the Way (song)

"Go All the Way" is a 1972 song by Raspberries and is the second single from their debut studio album "Raspberries". It was their biggest hit of their career and went to number 5 in the United States and Canada and number 14 in Australia. It was banned by the BBC in the United Kingdom for sexual content.

Bois-d'Amont, Switzerland

Bois-d'Amont is a municipality in Sarine in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Arconciel, Ependes and Senèdes merged to form the new municipality of Bois-d'Amont.

Muntogna da Schons

Muntogna da Schons is a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.

Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen

Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen is a municipality in Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Gänsbrunnen and Welschenrohr merged to form the new municipality of Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen.

Tresa, Switzerland

Tresa is a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 18 April 2021 from the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa.

Noble-Contrée

Noble-Contrée is a municipality in Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Miège, Venthône and Veyras merged to form the new municipality of Noble-Contrée.

Val de Bagnes, Switzerland

Val de Bagnes is a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is named after the valley of the same name. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.

Hautemorges

Hautemorges is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.

Bois-d'Amont

Bois-d'Amont is the name of two municipalities in Europe:

Bois-d'Amont, Jura

Bois-d'Amont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Jura department in east France.

Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv

Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, also known as Kyiv University, Shevchenko University, or KNU, is in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. It is the third oldest university in Ukraine after the University of Lviv and University of Kharkiv. It is the largest national higher education institution in the country.

It was started in 1834 by Nicholas I of Russia as the Saint Vladimir Imperial University of Kiev; it has since changed its name several times. Kiev State University was one of the top-three universities in the USSR, along with Moscow State University and Leningrad State University. It is ranked as the best university in Ukraine in many rankings. Its alumni include Mykola Lysenko, Nikolay Bunge, Mykhailo Drahomanov, Mykhailo Hrushevskyi, Nikolai Berdyaev, Mikhail Bulgakov, Ivan Schmalhausen, Theodosius Dobzhansky, Viacheslav Chornovil, and Leonid Kravchuk. The university is named after Taras Shevchenko, who was banned from educational activities for political reasons, but worked for the university as a field researcher.

University of Lviv

The University of Lviv or the Ivan Franko National University of Lviv, is the oldest institution of higher education in continuous operation in present-day Ukraine, dating from 1661 when John II Casimir, King of Poland, granted it its first royal charter.

Over the centuries, it has undergone various transformations, suspensions, and name changes. The present institution can be dated to 1940. It is located in the historic city of Lviv in Lviv Oblast.

National University of Kharkiv

Kharkiv University or Karazin University officially V. N. Karazin Kharkiv National University is one of the major universities in Ukraine, and earlier in the Russian Empire and Soviet Union. It was founded in Kharkiv in 1804 by Vasily Karazin. It is the second oldest university in modern-day Ukraine.

In 2022, the university was severely damaged by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

John II Casimir Vasa

John II Casimir Vasa (; ; 22 March 1609 – 16 December 1672) was King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1648 to his abdication in 1668 as well as a claimant to the throne of Sweden from 1648 to 1660. He was the first son of Sigismund III Vasa with his second wife Constance of Austria. John Casimir succeeded his older half-brother, Władysław IV Vasa.

Bad Peterstal-Griesbach

Bad Peterstal-Griesbach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Audrey Chenu

Audrey Chenu (born 2 October 1980) , is a French boxer, writer, and teacher.

She grew up in Normandy. She left home, and attented high school, and sold "cannabis." She was arrested and served time in She studied sociology at . She had her record expunged. She taught at Stains and La Courneuve .

She combined boxing and slam poetry with the Jean-Matthieu Fourt .


Leptomantis fasciatus

The banded flying frog or banded tree frog ("Leptomantis fasciatus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Indonesia, and Brunei. People have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in peat swamps in rainforests forests. Scientists believe that this frog does not live in places that human beings have changed. The tadpoles swim in the swamp.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. The frog lives in three protected parks: Gunung Mulu National Park, Kayan Mentarang National Park, and Ulu Temberong National Park.

Nicole Pasteur

Nicole Pasteur , (born Nicole Mercier 11 July 1944, Terrasson-Lavilledieu ) is a French geneticist . Her research on mosquito resistance to insecticides has been awarded the CNRS silver medal .

She studied at University of Texas Medical Branch. She joined the French National Centre for Scientific Research in 1972. She used electrophoresis to find which genes are resistant to insecticides.

Samsung Galaxy S24 Core

The Samsung Galaxy S24 Core is a budget Android Go phablet to be designed, manufactured and marketed by Samsung, and is under the Samsung Galaxy S24 series. It will be unveiled on 15 May 2024 and will be officially released on 19 May 2024. Pre-orders will begin on the 16th of May 2024. It will be the first ever phablet in the S24 series to be a low-end smartphone. It will also have S Pen compatibility, but the S Pen can be bought separately. It will also be the first Core smartphone to feature an AMOLED display, which will also allow Always-On Display.

Bruno Lafont

Bruno Lafont (born 8 June 1956) is the chairman and former CEO of Lafarge.
He graduated from HEC Paris in 1977. He is also board member of Électricité de France and ArcelorMittal.

Mulhouse–Habsheim Airport

Mulhouse-Habsheim is a small airport, in Habsheim, near Mulhouse. It used to be a military base. The runway has a length of .

Today, it is mainly used for light aircraft. On 26 June 1998, Air France Flight 296 crashed near the airport, at an airshow.

Altenburg, Lower Austria

Altenburg is a municipality in the district of Horn in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Ive (group)

Ive (; stylized in all caps) is a South Korean girl group formed by Starship Entertainment. The group is made of six members: Gaeul, Yujin, Rei, Wonyoung, Liz and Leeseo. They started to make music on December 1, 2021. Their music is often about the concept of "self-love".

Some of the members were already famous before their debut in the group. Yujin and Wonyoung took part in the talent show "Produce 48" to become members of Iz*One. Wonyoung won first place, Yujin won fifth.

The group's name, Ive, stands for "I've", the contraction of "I have", because they want to show what they have with confidence.

Their fans are called "Dive", because they will "dive into Ive".


Korean EPs

Japanese EPs



Local election

In most countries local elections take place to elect people in local government, such as mayors and councillors. Elections to positions within a city or town are often known as "municipal elections". The way these elections are done varies.

In some places the mayor is elected by votes of all the people in the area. Those directly elected mayors often have a lot of power. In other places the councillors choose one of them to be the mayor, often for just a year. 

The elections of councillors generally happen every three or four years. Sometimes all the councillors are elected at the same time. In other places some of them are elected each year. There may be more than one council covering an area, with some very local and others covering a wider area. The rules about who can vote and how the votes are counted may be different.

There may be separate elections for organisations running particular services, like the Water board.

Political parties often are involved in the elections, but in the most local elections there are more independent politicians than there are in national elections.

Mahek Bukhari

Mahek Bukhari (), also known as May B, is a former social media influencer. She was known for sharing lifestyle, beauty, and fashion content on platforms like TikTok and Instagram.

Bukhari was born in the United States in 1999 and moved to the UK in 2002. She began her social media career while studying fashion at Manchester Metropolitan University, but later dropped out to focus on her online presence. She gained a notable following on TikTok and Instagram.

In February 2022, Bukhari and her mother were involved in a criminal case that led to their conviction for murder following a high-speed chase and a car crash. Bukhari was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 26 years and nine months on 1 September 2022.

Following her conviction, Bukhari and her mother were featured in documentaries that explored the influence of social media on their lives and the events leading to their criminal actions.


Kingsmill massacre

The Kingsmill Massacre was a shooting that happened on January 5th, 1976 near Whitecross in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. Gunmen from a breakaway group of the Provisional IRA stopped a minibus carrying Protestant workmen, lined them against the van and shot them dead. 11 men were shot, 10 of which died; 1 of the victims survived, despite being shot 18 times. One Catholic man on the minibus was allowed to leave without incident. A group called the South Armagh Republican Action Force (often shortened to simply Republican Action Force) claimed responsibility, saying that the massacre was revenge for the Reavey and O'Dowd killings by Loyalist gunmen the night before. The area the massacre happened in was known for frequent revenge murders during the Troubles.

A 2011 Historical Enquiries Team (HET) report concluded that members of the Provisional IRA committed the Kingsmill Massacre, despite the group being on ceasefire at that time. The workmen were targeted, partly because of the Loyalist murders the night before and partly because they were Protestants.

After the massacre, the British government declared County Armagh as a "Special Emergency Area". Hundreds of extra soldiers and armed police were deployed in the area. The SAS was also deployed into the county.

In February of 1975, the IRA and British government entered a ceasefire and began to work peace negotiations. Despite both agreeing to stop attacks for the meantime, some on both sides refused to cooperate and continued to fight as dissenters. Particularly, Protestant terrorists ramped up the brutality of their murders of Catholic civilians in an attempt to anger the IRA and push them to retaliate, effectively breaking the peace process. Members of the IRA formed breakaway groups and often violently retaliated without the organisation's official order to do so, Kingsmill being just one such instance. Some in the British security forces were dismayed by the ceasefire, due to only recently have claimed to have the IRA on the run when it was called. The security forces greatly increased their intelligence offensive during the ceasefire, regularly infiltrating the IRA.

During the ceasefire, several paramilitary groups on both sides (namely the Glennane Gang of the Loyalist side and the South Armagh Republican Action Force of the Republican side) targeted civilians in the hopes it would break the ceasefire with mounting tension. IRA leadership reportedly criticised its South Armagh Brigade for being involved with sectarian killings during the ceasefire. Between the start of the ceasefire (10 February 1975) and Kingsmill (January 5th 1976), Loyalist groups killed 35 Catholics in and around County Armagh and Republican groups killed 16 Protestants, as well as an additional 17 members of security forces.

The 2011 HET report found that while the massacre at Kingsmill was in response to the Reavey and O'Dowd killings the night before, the attack was also planned beforehand. The killings are thought to have made the final push for the gunmen to act on the Kingsmill Massacre.

On January 5th, 1976, 16 workmen boarded a red Ford Transit minibus after a day's work at the textile factory they worked in. 4 of the Catholic workmen were dropped off at Whitecross before carrying on a rural road towards Bessbrook. As the bus crossed a hill, they were stopped by a man flashing a torch. As they came to a stop, 11 masked men armed with semiautomatic rifles came out from the hedges nearby. A man "with a pronounced English accent" ordered the workers to get out of the van and line up faced against it. He then asked which man was Catholic. Only 1, Richard Hughes, was Catholic. His fellow workmen initially tried to prevent him from identifying himself, for fear that the men were Loyalists seeking to kill him. However, once Hughes stepped forward, the man ordered him to "Get down the road, and don't look back". Once done, the gunman gave the order and the others shot at the Protestant workmen. The men were struck with more than 100 rounds of ammunition in less than a minute. The gunmen reloaded their weapons and with an order of "Finish them off," fired at the heap of bodies again. One gunman fired an extra bullet into each man's head to make sure they were dead. Once done, the gunmen walked away calmly.10 men died; John Bryans, Robert Chambers, Reginald and Walter Chapman, Robert Freeburn, Joseph Lemmon, John McConville, James McWhirter, Robert Walker and Kenneth Worton. The 11th victim, Alan Black, faked death and survived, despite being shot 18 times; the bullet to his head had only grazed him. A married couple later came across Black lying in a ditch. Black went to a hospital in Newry and eventually recovered. Richard Hughes got a ride to an RUC station and reported the murders.
Some of the Reavey family came across the bodies as they were driving to a local hospital to collect the dead bodies of their relatives killed the night before. This led to claims that the Reavey's themselves committed the massacre as revenge for their family member's deaths. Many Loyalists attempted to wrongly portray the Reavey's as murderers, specifically Eugene Reavey. Ian Paisley claimed in 1999 that Reavey was "A well known Republican" and "Set up the massacre". Parliamentary privilege meant he couldn't be prosecuted for his remarks. This caused outrage among both the Reavey's and other Republicans and Catholics in Ireland alike. Eugene Reavey called on Paisley to apologise many times, though he refused to do so right up until his death in 2014. Reavey has since called on Ian Paisley's son, Ian Paisley Jr. to apologise, though he has refused to comment any further.

The identities of the 11 gunmen have never been discovered. Suspects have arisen over the years, though none have been officially confirmed. The massacre is remembered as one of the most violent and petty of the 1970s period of the Troubles. 

Alan Black went on to do much cross-community work after the massacre, for which he was awarded an MBE for in 2021. He accepted his MBE in memory of his 10 colleagues who died in the massacre. Richard Hughes died in 2008 and reportedly "never forgot that when the gunmen demanded that the Catholics step forward, the Chapman brothers, Reggie and Walter, on either side of him, each placed a hand on his arm to stop him from doing so."

European Democratic Party

The European Democratic Party, also known as the European Democrats, is a centrist European political party in favour of European integration. François Bayrou is the party's president. It was started in 2004 in Brussels.

All of the EDP's MEPs currently sit in the liberal Renew Europe group. The youth wing is the Young Democrats for Europe.

As of 2024, one EDP member participates in the national government France, supporting Prime Minister Gabriel Attal. Two European regions are also led by a EDP politicians, with Spain's Basque Country being led by Iñigo Urkullu of the Basque Nationalist Party and with Spain's Canary Islands being led by Fernando Clavijo Batlle of the Canarian Coalition; EDP member Free Voters participates as a junior coalition partner in the state government of Bavaria in Germany.

Basque Nationalist Party

The Basque Nationalist Party, officially Basque National Party in English, is a Basque nationalist and regionalist political party. The party is in the centre of the political spectrum.

The party is described as Christian-democratic, with social-democratic and conservative-liberal factions. In 2020 the party voted in favour of the current Prime Minister of Spain, Pedro Sánchez, belonging to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

It operates in all of the Basque Country: the Basque Autonomous Community and Navarre in Spain, and in the French Basque Country. It also has delegations in dozens of foreign nations, specifically those with a major presence of Basque immigrants.

The party was started by Sabino Arana in 1895, which makes it the second oldest political party in Spain, after the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.It is the largest Basque nationalist party, having led the Basque Government since 1979, except for a brief period between 2009 and 2012. In Navarre, it is part of the coalition Geroa Bai, which is currently a junior partner of the PSOE in the Navarrese regional government. Currently a member of the European Democratic Party, it was a member of the European Free Alliance from 1999 to 2004. Earlier it had been affiliated with the European People's Party and the Christian Democrat International (from which it was expelled in 2000).

European Free Alliance

The European Free Alliance (EFA) is a European political party that consists of various regionalist, separatist and ethnic minority political parties in Europe. Member parties call either for full political independence and sovereignty, or some form of devolution or self-governance for their country or region. The party has generally limited its membership to centre-left and left-wing parties; therefore, only a few of European regionalist parties are members of the EFA.

Since 1999, the EFA and the European Green Party have joined forces within Greens–European Free Alliance group in the European Parliament, although some EFA members have joined other groups from time to time.

The EFA's youth wing is the European Free Alliance Youth, founded in 2000.

As of 2024, four European regions are led by EFA politicians: Scotland with Humza Yousaf of the Scottish National Party, Flanders with Jan Jambon of the New Flemish Alliance, Corsica with Gilles Simeoni of For Corsica, and Catalonia with Pere Aragonès of the Republican Left of Catalonia.

Stevie Richards

Michael Stephen Manna (born October 9, 1971) is an American former professional wrestler. He during his career, Richards wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

He was known for being a part of the stables Blue World Order (bWo), Raven's Nest/The Flock, and Right to Censor.

During his time in the wrestling, Richards was a two-time ECW World Tag Team Champion and a twenty one-time WWF/E Hardcore Championship.

Since retiring, Richards has started a YouTube channel called "Stevie Richards Wrestling Analysis". In his videos, Richards reviews and explains how professional wrestling moves are done, different wrestling injuries, and botches.


Roadkill (wrestler)

Michael DePoli (born August 10, 1976) is an American former professional wrestler. During his career, DePoli wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He was known by the ring names Roadkill and Amish Roadkill.

He was known for the gimmick of a Amish chicken farmer and would dress in Amish clothes.

During his time in the wrestling, DePoli was a one-time ECW World Tag Team Champion with Danny Doring. He was also a one-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Kasey James in Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW).

On October 6, 2012, DePoli would wrestle his last match. He would team with his tag team partner Danny Doring and they would defeat the team of The FBI (Little Guido & Tony Mamaluke) at House of Hardcore's debut show. Afterwards, he would retire from in-ring competition.

Leptomantis robinsonii

Robinson's flying frog or Robinson's tree frog ("Leptomantis robinsonii") is a frog. It lives in Thailand and Malaysia. People have seen it between 152 and 762 meters above sea level.

This frog in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that are growing back if human beings have not changed them too much. This frog lays eggs in ponds and still water. The eggs hatch into tadpoles.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. People cut down its forests to make palm oil farms and to get wood to build with.

Niggеr in the wоodpile

The phrase nigger in the woodpile is a figure of speech from the United States and it means something suspicious and wrong. The phrase was commonly used from the late 1800's to early 1900's but stopped being used due to people disliking the word nigger and seeing a negative connotation to the word in the late 1900's to the present day.

Petit lac Calve

Petit lac Calve is a lake in Canada. It is in Abitibi-Temiscamingue which is in Quebec which is 290 kilometers from the city of Ottawa, which is the capital of Canada. The areas near the lake are mostly big forests.

The climate is cold averaging at 0 degrees Celsius with low points of -18 degrees Celsius in January and high points of 16 degrees Celsius in July. The driest month is February with 48 mm and the wettest is September with 154 mm. On average the lake gets 1068 mm of rainfall every year.

Sissieretta Jones

Sissieretta Jones was a American singer. She was born in either on the 5th of January 1868 or the 5th of January 1869 and died on the 24th of June 1933. She sang for 4 presidents of the US and the British royal family and was awarded with success. She was the most paid black singer of her era and later started the Black Patti Troubadours, a club with 40 different jugglers, comedians, dancers, and singers. She retired from singing in 1915.

Martinsen Lake

The Martinsen Lake is a lake in the Nipissing District which is in Ontario which is a province of Canada. The lake's average high temperature is 0 degrees Celsius and the lake's average low temperature is -9 degrees Celsius.

Revolution (2024)

Revolution (2024) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 3, 2024 at Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, North Carolina. It was the fifth Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw Sting and Darby Allin defeat The Young Bucks (Matthew Jackson and Nicholas Jackson) in a tornado tag team match to retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships. Sting would retire with an undefeated record in AEW. During a press conference after the pay-per-view, AEW president Tony Khan announced that he had vacated the Championships. He also announced that there would be a tournament to crown the new champions.

The event is notable for Sting competing in the final match of his career. He would retire from in-ring competition afterwards. Kyle O'Reilly also made his return from injury at the show.

Friar of the weather

The Friar of the weather (sold as "fraile del tiempo" ) is a hygrometer built with the hair of a "blond, young woman of Slavic race." Designed by the Calella inventor Agapit Borràs Pedemonte in 1894. The figure represents a Capuchin friar seated with a globe at his feet and an open book in his right hand. Through the pointer of his left hand, the friar indicates whether the weather will be "dry, rough, windy, good, unsafe, windy, wet" or "rain". As the pointer moves due to hair expansion, so does the monk's hood. The company has made more than 40 different versions of the instrument, in some of which the friar has been replaced by nuns, warriors, Christopher Columbus or even by the monk from the children's drink Kina San Clemente. The product is available in Spanish, Catalan, Galician, Basque, Portuguese, French, Italian, German and English. 

To commercialize it, the company "Tot Ideas SL" was founded , owned by the Borràs family from Mataró. When, in 2001, Juguetes Borràs merged with Educa, this company was left out of the merger and still markets today this instrument exporting it to France, Italy, Portugal and even Malta.


Charmless Man

"Charmless Man" is a 1996 song by Blur and is the fourth single from their fourth studio album "The Great Escape". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Scotland and Iceland, number 35 in Australia, number 25 in Ireland and number 33 in Germany.

All music was composed by Albarn, Coxon, James and Rowntree. All lyrics were composed by Albarn.
UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single

European CD single

French CD single

Australasian CD single

Saurostomus

Saurostomus is an extinct genus of pelagic pachycormiform from the early Toarcian of Europe. Its only species is S. esocinus. Fossil remains have been found in England, Germany, and France.

The generic name means "lizard mouth." Cladistic analysis retains "Saurostomus" as sister to a clade comprising "Ohmdenia" and the suspension-feeding pachycormids.

This fish was large. The model on the right shows that it resembled a small shark, but with a smaller dorsal fin. The robust body had two pectoral fins, particularly elongated.

"Saurostomus" is is part of the Pachycormiformes, a group of bony fish that first appeared in the Lower Jurassic. In particular, it is a fish with some skull features bringing it closer to the giant filter feeder "Leedsichthys".



Ohmdenia

Ohmdenia is an extinct genus of pachycormiform from the Lower Jurassic of Germany. Its only species is O. multidentata. Some studies say "Ohmdenia" is a synonym of "Saurostomus".

The fish is only known from an incomplete fossil, but it is good enough proof to know what it looked like. "Ohmdenia" was a large animal, averaging two and a half meters long. The body is long and thick. It had a wide mouth and a long and short skull.

"Ohmdenia" is a member of the family Pachycormidae in the order Pachycormiformes. For a long time, "Ohmdenia" was considered a close relative of "Birgeria", a famous Triassic predator. Further studies show that this is not the case, so they placed it in the extinct order Pachycormiformes.



Hamas of Iraq

Hamas of Iraq is a Sunni militant group from Iraq, being created from a split in the 1920 Revolution Brigades in 2007. The group has released videos of them attacking US troops. The 1920 Revolution Brigades say that they work with the US army against Al-Qaeda. The group later helped free cities from Daesh in 2015 and gave them to the Iraqi army. The group is mainly made out of former 1920 Revolution Brigades members who were formerly members of Saddam Husayn (ra)'s army. The goal of the group was to free the country from foreign troops such as the US military. 

Revolt of Zayd ibn Ali

On the 1st of Safar 122, Zayed ibn Ali started a unsuccessful rebellion against the Umayyad Caliphate, that had been taken from the Rashidun Caliphate after the death of his great grand dad Ali. He ended up being killed on the 3rd of Safar with most of his companions also being killed and it led to the creation of Zaydism.

Leptomantis angulirostris

The Kina Balu flying frog or masked flying frog ("Leptomantis angulirostris") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, in Luzon, Bohol, and Mindanao. People have seen it between 700 and 1800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 31 to 33 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45-51 mm long. There is some webbed skin on the front feet. There are bumps on the skin of the belly and front but not on the back. The frog is gray-green to light brown in color. Some frogs have white spots on the head or middle. There is bright yellow color with black spots on the sides of the body and where the legs meet the body. The chest and belly are white.

This frog only lives in forests that have never been cut down. The forests are on mountains and hills. This frog lays eggs in clear, rocky streams. The tadpoles can grow to be 36 mm long.

Scientists believe this frog is in only some danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. One of the places it lives is a protected park. This frog's danger comes from humans cutting down the forests where it lives.

Nisshin Maru

The is the primary vessel of the Japanese whaling fleet and is the world's only whaler factory ship. It was the research base ship for the Institute of Cetacean Research for 2002 to 2007. It has a tonnage of and is the largest member and flagship of the five-ship whaling fleet, headed by leader Shigetoshi Nishiwaki. The ship is based in Japan in Shimonoseki harbor and was owned by Tokyo-based Kyodo Senpaku, which is a subsidiary of the Institute of Cetacean Research.It stopped being used in 2020. 

There have been several Japanese factory whaling ships named "Nisshin Maru". After the U.S. Navy's Pacific Fleet was attacked at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, all Japanese factory ships soon began to serve in the war effort till sunk or till the end of World War II in 1945.


General Douglas MacArthur, as military governor of Japan in 1945, encouraged the now defeated Japan to continue whaling in order to provide a cheap source of meat to its starving people, and to supply millions of dollars in oil for the United States and Europe. The Japanese whaling industry quickly recovered as MacArthur authorized the commission of two converted T2 tankers as whaling factory ships ("Hashidate Maru" and "Nisshin Maru No. 1"), to once again hunt whales in the Antarctic and elsewhere.


A major fire in the ship's processing factory broke out on February 15, 2007 while in Antarctic waters. The resulting damage caused the ship to be temporarily disabled, all while continuing to carry 340,000 gallons of oil. This incident took place within the New Zealand Search and Rescue Region. One crew member was killed in the fire.

Citing environmental concerns, specifically the disabled ship's proximity to Cape Adare, Antarctica and the world's largest Adelie penguin rookery, New Zealand Conservation Minister Chris Carter joined international citizens' groups in urgently requesting that the ship be towed away. Japan's Institute of Cetacean Research (ICR), which used to administer the ship with the Kyodo Senpaku Kaisha, declined offers of a tow from the Greenpeace ship , which had been nearby and monitoring the situation since February 17. On February 28, the Institute of Cetacean Research released a statement on its decision to cut short its Antarctic whale hunt for 2006/07 due to unrecoverable equipment, and "Nisshin Maru" departed for Japan for repairs, cutting short its whaling season for the first time in 20 years.

"Nisshin Maru" and Greenpeace's collided in December 1999 and in January 2006. In 2006 both ships claimed to have been rammed by the other, and the ICR posted video footage to support its version of the incident. Greenpeace responded that the waves emanating from "Arctic Sunrise" in the video support Greenpeace's contention that its vessel had its engines in reverse; Greenpeace also claimed the location of cloud formations in the background of the ICR video indicate "Nisshin Maru" was turning into the Greenpeace ship at the time of collision.

Sea Shepherd Conservation Society claimed its president Paul Watson was shot by someone aboard "Nisshin Maru" during a confrontation with the off Antarctica in 2008. He was wearing a bulletproof vest and was uninjured. An ICR spokesman acknowledged that seven flashbangs were thrown, but stated that "no gunshots of any kind" were fired.

In March 2011, "Nisshin Maru" returned early from operations in the Southern Ocean and immediately began assisting in disaster relief efforts following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, transporting food, fuel, and other supplies to areas devastated by the catastrophe.

In February 2013, "Nisshin Maru" was involved in a multiple-ship collision, colliding with the Sea Shepherd vessels "Steve Irwin", , and , as well as the whaler's refueling ship, "Sun Laurel". "Bob Barker" was damaged and issued a mayday. "Sun Laurel"s lifeboats were also damaged due to the collision.

Additional regulations from the United Nations International Maritime Organization (IMO) took effect on August 1, 2011 prohibiting ships using heavy oil fuel below 60 degrees south to prevent pollution. The IMO "Guidelines For Ships Operating In Ice-Covered Waters" also establishes requirements for a double-hull strengthened against ice-related damage. "Nisshin Maru" did not meet the IMO standards.

"Nisshin Maru" is featured in the video game Ship Simulator Extremes, along with "Kyo Maru" # 1 and the Greenpeace vessel "Esperanza" with its outboard inflatable boats and RIBs.

Matthew Barney filmed "Drawing Restraint 9" on "Nisshin Maru" in 2005, as it made its annual journey to Antarctica.

"Nisshin Maru" is the name of a whaler factory vessel that is chased by Greenpeace and a German/Chilean press officer in Luis Sepulveda's book "Mundo del fin del mundo".



2023–24 Liverpool F.C. season

Caraboa Cup Winners 1-0 Versus Chelsea
Top of the premiership as of March 4th
In the UEFA Europa League as of march 4th
In the Fa cup as of march 4th
Mewing

Mewing is a type of oral posture training made to improve the jawline and the look of your face. It was named after John and Mike Mew, British orthodontists who made the technique as a part of a practice they call "orthotropics". Mewing is done by placing your tongue at the roof of the mouth (which is called the palate) and putting a bit of pressure there. Also, you should swallow the fluids in your mouth while mewing. This is done with the goal of changing the structure of the jaw. However, no credible scientific research has ever proven how well orthotropics work. Since 2019, mewing has had a lot of media coverage due to it becoming viral on social media, especially with what is known as looksmaxxing. Looksmaxxing is when someone tries to improve how they look. This is usually done by improving their habits.

While the technique has been known to have some positive effects, many orthodontists that that mewing does not have enough evidence as a good alternative treatment to orthognathic surgery. Mike Mew has been kicked out from the British Orthodontic Society, and is currently facing a legal hearing for allegedly harming child patients who he treated.

Mewing has been used as an internet meme. On social media platforms such as TikTok, People will point to their jaw to show that they are mewing in their videos. In reference of how Donald Trump in a 2023 mug shot looked, journalist Bindu Bansinath wrote "perhaps he's mewing for better definition."

David Culhane

David Michael Culhane (September 22, 1930 – February 24, 2024) was an American journalist and television news correspondent. He worked in radio, print, and television, with time at the Baltimore Sun, CBS News, and NPR. 

Culhane was the London Bureau Chief of the Baltimore Sun and host of the BBC's International Magazine before joining CBS News in 1967. In May 1968, Culhane reported with on malnutrition in the Peabody Award-winning documentary "CBS New Reports: Hunger in America". Senator George McGovern noted that seeing the program prompted him to introduce the resolution that would create the . Culhane contributed to other CBS documentaries, including "CBS Inquiry: The American Assassins" with Dan Rather and a special report, "The Trouble with Rock," about the CBS Records scandal that resulted in Clive Davis's firing from CBS Records. 

Throughout his time at the network, Culhane reported for the CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite and later Dan Rather. His work spanned the globe, with reports on the U.S. military's Operation Phoenix in Vietnam and student protests in Beijing's Tienanmen Square. In 1979, Culhane joined Kuralt and others, launching the program CBS News Sunday Morning. His cover stories included an Emmy-winning piece about Vietnam veterans, "After the Parades," profiles on artists, poverty in the South Bronx, whale conservationists, and presidential candidates. Culhane retired from CBS News in 1995 and moved to Paris where he reported for NPR. 

Culhane was born in Chicago, Illinois, and grew up in Detroit, Michigan. He died on February 24, 2024, at his home in New York, at 93 years old.
Rowntree's

Nestlé UK Ltd ( ), trading as Rowntree's ( ), is a British confectionery brand. The business was based in York, England. Rowntree developed the Kit Kat (introduced in 1935), Aero (introduced in 1935), Fruit Pastilles (introduced in 1881), Smarties (introduced in 1937) brands, and the Rolo and Quality Street brands when it merged with Mackintosh's in 1969 to form Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery. Rowntree's also launched After Eight thin mint chocolates in 1962. The Yorkie and Lion bars were introduced in 1976. Rowntree's also started the selection box (a gift consisting of assorted bars and sweets) which in the UK have been Christmas gifts for over a century. 

Started in 1862, the company developed strong associations with Quaker philanthropy. Throughout much of the 19th and 20th centuries, it was one of the big three confectionery manufacturers in the United Kingdom, alongside Cadbury and Fry, both also founded by Quakers. 

In 1981, Rowntree's received the Queen's Award for Enterprise for outstanding contribution to international trade. In 1988, when the company was bought by Nestlé, it was the fourth-largest confectionery manufacturer in the world. The Rowntree brand continues to be used to market Nestlé's jelly sweet brands, such as Fruit Gums and Fruit Pastilles. Rowntree’s ceased to exist as a business in 1991, becoming Nestlé UK.

Brigitte Geoffroy

Brigitte Geoffroy (born 10 March 1964) is a French taekwondo martial artist. She won the silver medal in 1986, and bronze medal in 1990 and 1992 European Taekwondo Championships, in the -65 kg category. 

She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight event.

Faridpur, Bangladesh

Faridpur () is the district town and district headquarter of Faridpur district. It is situated in Dhaka division in the central part of Bangladesh. It is also headquarter of Faridpur Sadar Upazilla. Faridpur is a politically important city in south-west-central Bangladesh and the 14th largest city in Bangladesh. It is the most populated place in this district. Faridpur is situated on the banks of Kumar river. The area of Faridpur municipality is 66.38 km . The total population of Faridpur is 446,921. Pallikabi Jasimuddin is one of the famous Bengali poet belongs to Faridpur. There are also many famous politicians in this district. Earlier its name was "Fatehabad". Bangladesh's only river research institute is situated here.

Faridpur

Faridpur may refer to:




J. S. Fry &amp; Sons

J. S. Fry & Sons, Ltd., better known as Fry's, was a British chocolate company owned by Joseph Storrs Fry and his family. Beginning in Bristol in the 18th century, the business went through several changes of name and ownership, becoming J. S. Fry & Sons in 1822. In 1847, Fry's produced the first solid chocolate bar. The company also created the first filled chocolate sweet, Cream Sticks, in 1853. Fry is most famous for Fry's Chocolate Cream, the first mass-produced chocolate bar, which was launched in 1866, and Fry's Turkish Delight, launched in 1914.

Fry, alongside Cadbury and Rowntree's, was one of the big three British confectionery manufacturers throughout much of the 19th and 20th centuries, and all three companies were founded by Quakers. The company became a division of Cadbury in the early 20th century. The division's Somerdale Factory near Bristol was closed after the 2010 takeover of Cadbury's by Kraft Foods Inc.

Looksmaxxing

Looksmaxxing is when someone does many forms of facial exercising and body care routines, in an effort to improve their appearance. While Looksmaxxing can refer to simple hygiene, more extreme methods have become known with looksmaxxing, such as "mewing". Looksmaxxing is sometimes associated with incel subculture, and it started on "manosphere" message boards such as Lookism, Sluthate and PUAHate. Looksmaxxing became a TikTok trend, and became popular with teenagers in the 2020s, with some of its origins tracing back to mid-2014.

Looksmaxxing is when people perform body care routines to try to improve their appearance. Some of these practices are common and standard, such as clearing up facial acne, going to the gym, getting a new haircut, or moisturizing their skin. These practices are the most popular, and are known as "softmaxxing". Other practices have been associated with looksmaxxing, one popular practice is the act of "mewing", which involves moving your tongue to the roof of your mouth with the goal of getting a "square jawline". These methods are the most popular ones shared around TikTok, where men that look good are typically the ones giving the advice. These methods were used to be popular from magazines such as "GQ", "Esquire", and "Men's Health" sharing around skincare and hairstyle advice. Some people that practice "looksmaxxing" consider themselves to be making "facial gains".

Some people who practice looksmaxxing have also practiced more extreme methods. This has been called "hardmaxxing", and those who practice hardmaxxing call themselves "hardmaxxers". Practices known to be hardmaxxing include getting implants or limb-lengthening surgeries, starving themselves on purpose ("starvemaxxing"), using moisturizers to attempt to appear more white ("whitemaxxing"), and trying to avoid sexual climax to try to boost testosterone ("edging"). Another method, known as "bonesmashing" is when someone hits their own face against objects to try to get a "chiselled look". While this practice is known as an inside joke and only a few people have actually tryed it, it has been warned as misinformation.

Some people that practice looksmaxxing also look for others to rate their appearance, with some engaging in anonymous message boards associated with incel sub-culture. This rating is sometimes known to be someone's "sexual market value". The people that do the rating and find this value usually check for different facial features. One of the most known facial features checked for is "hunter eyes", which refers to someone having a positive canthal tilt, which looks like the eyes of a predatorial animal. Other features checked for are hollow cheeks and "pursed lips". In order to have these features, some people perform acts such as mewing, rubbing around the eys, or even getting surgery.

People who get a low rating are sometimes harassed for their appearance, with some forms of harassment including suicide encouragement. Other terms have been created by people in an effort to "dominate others". Some of these terms are "mogging", which means asserting dominance over another person based on their appearance, and being "Y-pilled", which means that someone views themselves as more masculine than the other person and it is based on the word "redpilled".

Looksmaxxing started on "manosphere" message boards such as Lookism.net and Incels.me in the 2010s. In 2015, a forum site named Looksmaxxer.com was registered to the Internet Archive, which created the term "looksmaxxing". This inspired the name to be used on anonymous imageboard websites such as 4chan. Looksmaxxing became a TikTok trend in the 2020s, and it was mostly watched by teenagers.


Superposition

Superposition means that several things are combined by putting one on top of the other. More specifically, the term has several meanings:


Azat Seidalin (sportsperson)

Azat Alibekovich Seidalin (, born August 31, 1989, Kokshetau, Kazakh SSR, USSR) is a multifaceted professional with a diverse portfolio of roles and ventures. He is a Kazakh lawyer and holds a Master's degree in Management. Additionally, Seidalin is a teacher-psychologist and an active sportsman. He has established a significant presence in the security industry as the Founder and General Director of LLP "Turan Group Security" a security agency. He also founded LLP "AD Safety", a training center dedicated to industrial security.

Azat, originally from Kokshetau, Kazakhstan, began his educational journey in a local high school, completing nine grades before attending a music college, which he eventually left without completing his studies.

In 2007, Seidalin's career took a significant turn when he was drafted into the army, serving in the prestigious Republican Guard of Kazakhstan. He initially joined as part of the first company of the honor guard and later continued his military career under a contract.

In 2019, Seidalin transitioned into the world of entrepreneurship. He embarked on various ventures, including establishing a khan agency, training centers, gyms, pharmacies, and businesses specializing in special equipment. His academic accomplishments include earning a Master's degree in Management, which has undoubtedly contributed to his success in these diverse business endeavors.

He is married and the family is raising 3 sons.



Antonio Aponte

Jose Antonio Aponte Ulabarra (1760-1812) was a Cuban militia officer. He led the armed revolt called the November Revolution in Cuba in 1812. He was captured by the Spanish army and put to death on April 9, 1812.

It Wasn't Me

“It Wasn’t Me is a 2000 single by Shaggy from his fifth album "Hot Shot". It reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. It is a reggae song about a man who is caught cheating on his girlfriend. He asks his friend what to do, and his friend just tells him to deny everything by saying “it wasn’t me”. This obviously isn’t good advice since his girlfriend has lots of evidence against him, making the song’s story humorous.

Besides the song’s success on the charts, it is also notable for inspiring “the Shaggy defense”, a term for when someone accused of something just says it wasn’t them, like the man in the song. The term came into being when R. Kelly was involved in a sex scandal, where Kelly said he wasn’t the man in a video showing him having sex with an underage girl.

Fall River

Fall River is the name of several places and rivers:




Order of Merit (Portugal)

The Order of Merit (Portuguese: Ordem do Mérito) is a Portuguese Honorific Order of civil merit that is awarded to those who have performed meritorious acts or services in the country for both the public and the private areas, which show self-sacrifice for the community. The medals are given by the President of the Portuguese Republic, in his role as the Grand-Master of the Portuguese Honorific Orders. This medal can be awarded, during life or after death, to both Portuguese and foreign citizens; it can also be awarded to communities or companies that are ruled by public law or of public utility. This medal has been awarded to a number of people performing varied activities such as ambassadors, businesspeople, military personnel, athletes and musicians.


Stéphane Richard

Stéphane Richard (born 24 August 1961) is the former chairman and CEO of Orange S.A.. 
He graduated from HEC Paris and the École nationale d'administration. He studied at HEC Paris and École nationale d'administration in Strasbourg. He is also worked in politics with Christine Lagarde.

Conspirators Rebellion

The Conspirators Rebellion goes along with the Conspiracy of Nicolas Rodriguez in Cuba during 1795. This was a revolt caused by the repression and slavery that Cuba experienced during that time. It was led by Nicolas Rodriguez and Antonio Aponte who was also leader of the November Revolution.
President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire

Here is the list of the President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire, First Minister, or Chancellor of Mexico.
Mamulichthys

Mamulichthys is an extinct bony fish from the Permian of what is now European Russia. Its only species is M. ignotus. It was small in size and resembled a coelacanth. Operculum is large and rounded. The ventral side had longitudinal rows of large and massive scales.


BAE Systems

BAE Systems plc (BAE) is a British multinational arms, security and aerospace company, based in London, England. It is the biggest manufacturer in Britain as of 2017. It is the largest defence contractor in Europe and the seventh-largest in the world based on 2021 revenues. 

BAE's largest operations are in the United Kingdom and in the United States. In the U.S., BAE Systems Inc. subsidiary is one of the six largest suppliers to the US Department of Defense. Its next biggest markets are Saudi Arabia, then Australia; other major markets include Canada, Japan, India, Turkey, Qatar, Oman and Sweden. 

The company was formed on 30 November 1999 by merger of Marconi Electronic Systems, the defence electronics and naval shipbuilding subsidiary of the General Electric Company plc, with British Aerospace, an aircraft, munitions and naval systems manufacturer.

BAE is the successor to many aircraft, shipbuilding, armoured vehicle, armaments and defence electronics companies. These include the Marconi Company, the first commercial company for the development and use of radio; A.V. Roe and Company, one of the world's first aircraft companies; de Havilland, manufacturer of the Comet, the world's first commercial jet airliner; Hawker Siddeley, manufacturer of the Harrier, the world's first VTOL attack aircraft; British Aircraft Corporation, co-manufacturer of the Concorde supersonic transport; Supermarine, manufacturer of the Spitfire; Yarrow Shipbuilders, builder of the Royal Navy's first destroyers; Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, builder of the world's first battlecruiser; and Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering, builder of the Royal Navy's first submarines.

Since 1999, BAE has bought other businesses. They bought United Defense and Armor Holdings of the United States, and has sold its shares in Airbus, Astrium, AMS and Atlas Elektronik. It is involved in several major defence projects. These include the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II, the Eurofighter Typhoon, the , and the s. BAE Systems is listed on the London Stock Exchange's FTSE 100 Index.

Bay'ah

Bay'ah in Islam is a pledge of allegiance to a Muslim leader. It was practiced by the prophet Muhammad. It is sometimes done under a written agreement by citizens as long as the leader follows the Sharia, the people have to continue to pledge allegiance to him. It is still practiced in Saudi Arabia and Sudan. In Morocco, bay'ah is only compulsory for the royal family of the country.

Alahad TV

Alahad TV is a TV channel from Iraq created in 2010. The channel is run by a subgroup of the Popular Mobilization Forces which is designated a terrorist group by the United States. Their headquarters are located in Baghdad, the capital city of Iraq.

Ishtar TV

Ishtar TV is a Iraqi TV channel mainly broadcasted in the Syriac for Assyrian viewers. The channel was created by Sarkis Aghajan in 2005. The channel also broadcasts in Arabic and Kurdish alongside the Syriac so people who do not speak Syriac can understand the channel's programming. The channel's website is also available in English alongside the languages that the channel broadcasts.

Al-Rafidain TV

Al-Rafidain TV is a Iraqi TV channel from Istanbul broadcasting in the Arabic language. The channel was launched on the 10th of April 2006 using Nilesat, and is owned by followers of Sunnism against secularism that support the Association of Muslim Scholars in Iraq.

Nursery Cryme

Nursery Cryme is the third studio album by Genesis. The album was released on November 12, 1971.

Nitter

Nitter is a discontinued alternative front-end for X, with better privacy and performance. The UI is based off the classic Twitter desktop layout. The front end used many "guest accounts" created using proxy servers to get tweets. When the guest account feature was removed by X in January 2024, the project was discontinued, although users could create their own instances using their own X accounts with the risk of blocking.

Ya Bashar

Ya Bashar (; O Bashar) is the 13th album released by Diana Haddad. It was released by Rotana Records in 2014. It was also Haddad's first collaboration with Arabia's biggest record label.

American Community Survey

The American Community Survey is a yearly survey done by the United States Census Bureau. It gathers information from the longer censuses done every 10 years such as citizenship and income. This data is used to learn about communities of people.

It is sent to 295,000 houses every month or 3.5 million addresses every year and it is the largest housing survey that the Census Bureau gives out.
It gathers information in every state and Washington, D.C.. It does not gather information from U.S territories such as Guam and American Samoa.

Free Syrian University

The Free Syrian University was made in 2013 for refugees from the Syrian civil war that are uneducated and are the age for college. The university is a secular university, not with any religion but does offer a degree in Islamic Studies. The university supports the Syrian opposition and bases its name off of the Free Syrian Army. The university is in the country of Turkey, in a town close to the Idlib Governorate of Syria but also holds online meetings using software like Zoom or Google Meet for those not in Turkey. To enroll in the university it costs $1500 usually but most refugees do not have the finances so they attend at a reduced fee or free.

Freemen of Syria

The Freemen of Syria are a brigade of Syrian opposition fighters part of the Free Syrian Army who were active during the Syrian civil war, near Aleppo. The brigade funds itself from donations mainly from Saudi Arabia, looting warehouses, and kidnapping people for ransom. They later ended up joining the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement and the Sham Legion. A part of the Northern Brigade left the Sham Legion in 2017 but it is unknown if the group is still active.

Ansar al-Islam

Ansar al-Islam is a Islamist militant group with the goal of forming a Kurdish Islamic state under sharia law and protect the people of this Kurdish state. It was created in northern Iraq around Kurdistan by Islamists who were former members of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. 

The group was designated a terrorist organization by the UN as a another name for Al-Qaeda.

Ansar al-Sunnah

Ansar al-Sunnah (Supporters of Sunnah) was a Iraqi militant group that fought against US troops and their allies in the Iraq War. The group was made up of Kurdish and Arab fighters. The group has been designated a terrorist group by the UK since late 2005. It was founded in 2003 by former members of Ansar al-Islam who went to Iran after the start of the Iraq War. The group is named as Ansar al-Sunnah as an alias for Ansar al-Islam. The group has also had its name used by small splinter groups in 2014 after the disbandment of Ansar al-Sunnah.

Ahrar al-Sharqiya

Ahrar al-Sharqiya is a militant group from Syria. Many of its fighters are former members of Daesh, Ahrar al-Sham, and Jabhat Al-Nusra.
The group got international media attention in 2019 after the murder of Hevrin Khalaf being condemned by the UN as a "war crime".

The group is funded by Turkey and members were sent to fight in Libya on Turkey's behalf. The group has also supported military operations against the SDF in Syria.

Karamea

Karamea is an isolated town in the Buller District, New Zealand. It is situated 96 kilometers northeast of Westport and is the northmost town on the South Island West Coast. It has an area school (which is non-uniformed), library, museum, church and has a catchment area of the Karamea River.

Monotrematum

Monotrematum is an extinct genus of platypus-like animal from the Paleocene of Argentina. Its only species is M. sudamericanum. It is only one of two monotremes found outside Oceania.

"Monotrematum" is the only known non-Australasian ornithorhynchid. It resembled a platypus.



The Fate of the Furious

The Fate of the Furious is a 2017 American action-thriller movie. It is the eighth movie in the "Fast & Furious" franchise series. It stars Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, Scott Eastwood, Nathalie Emmanuel, Elsa Pataky, Kurt Russell, and Charlize Theron.

The movie was released on April 14, 2017. It made $1.236 billion around the world.


Jordan Ayew

Jordan Pierre Ayew (born 11 September 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for club Crystal Palace and the Ghana national team.

Marseille
Ghana


Individual


Hobbs &amp; Shaw

Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw is a 2019 American action-thriller movie. It is the ninth movie in the "Fast & Furious" media franchise series. It stars Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Idris Elba, Vanessa Kirby, Eiza González, Cliff Curtis and Helen Mirren.

The movie was released on August 2, 2019. It made $760.7 million around the world.


General Electric Company plc

The General Electric Company (GEC) was a major British conglomerate company involved in consumer and defence electronics, communications, and engineering.

It started in 1886 as G. Binswanger and Company, an electrical goods wholesaler in London. It sold electrical components over the counter which was not common then. In 1889, the business was incorporated as the General Electric Company Ltd. It became a public limited company in 1900. During the 1890s and 1900s, the company heavily invested into electric lighting, which was very profitable. In the First World War it supplied the military, and becoming a major player in the electrical industry. In 1921, a new purpose-built company headquarters (Magnet House) was opened in Kingsway, London; two years later, GEC's industrial research laboratories at Wembley (later named the Hirst Research Centre) opened. In the 1920s, the company was heavily involved in building Britain's National Grid.

During the Second World War, GEC made several significant contributions to the Allied war effort, such as the development of the cavity magnetron for radar, various advances in communications technology, and the mass production of valves, lamps, and lighting equipment. In 1961, GEC merged with Radio & Allied Industries. In the 1960s, GEC's new managing director, Arnold Weinstock did cut-backs and mergers that returned the company to profit. GEC bought Associated Electrical Industries in 1967, and merged with English Electric one year later. The company bought W & T Avery, "Cincinnati Electronics", and "Picker Corporation".

During the 1980s, the company was Britain's largest private employer with over 250,000 employees; becoming one of the first companies in the new FTSE 100 Index in 1984. It made more than £1 billion per year at its peak in the 1990s. In June 1998, GEC sold its share of the joint venture GEC-Alsthom on the Paris stock exchange. During December 1999, GEC's defence arm, Marconi Electronic Systems, was sold to British Aerospace, forming BAE Systems. The rest of GEC, mainly telecommunications equipment manufacturing, continued as Marconi Communications. After buying several US telecoms manufacturers at the top of the market, losses following the bursting of the dot-com bubble in 2001 led to the restructuring in 2003 of Marconi plc into Marconi Corporation plc. During 2005, the company failed to secure any part of BT's 21st Century Network programme; that same year, Ericsson acquired the bulk of the company; what was left of the business was renamed Telent. It closed in 2006.

André Ayew

André Morgan Rami Ayew (; born 17 December 1989), also known as Dede Ayew in Ghana, is a professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Ligue 1 club Le Havre and serves as captain for the Ghana national team.

Marseille

Al Sadd

Ghana U20

Ghana

Individual

British Aerospace

British Aerospace plc (BAe) was a British aircraft, munitions and defence-systems manufacturing company that was formed in 1977. Its head office was at Warwick House in the Farnborough Aerospace Centre in Farnborough, Hampshire. It bought Marconi Electronic Systems, the defence electronics and naval shipbuilding subsidiary of the General Electric Company, in 1999 to form BAE Systems.

The company has its origins in the Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act 1977, which called for the nationalisation and merger of the British Aircraft Corporation, Hawker Siddeley Aviation, Hawker Siddeley Dynamics and Scottish Aviation. On 29 April 1977, the new entity was formed in the United Kingdom as a statutory corporation.

Under the British Aerospace Act 1980 (c. 26), on 1 January the statutory corporation was transferred a public limited company (plc), under the name "British Aerospace Public Limited Company", on 2 January 1981. BAe was privatised. In February 1981, 51.6% shares of the company were sold. The public sale was 3.5 times subscribed. At the end of the first day's trading, share prices were 14% above the original offer price. In May 1985 the other 48.4% shares were sold; this sale was 5.4 times subscribed and the first day closing price was 11% above the initial offer price. The British Government maintained a £1 golden share, which allowed it to veto foreign control of the board or company.

Prathamesh Parab

Prathamesh Parab (born 29 November 1993) is an Indian actor who works primarily in Marathi cinema. Before taking the lead in "Timepass", he made his acting debut with "Balak Palak". In 2014, he won the Annual Life Ok Screen Awards.

Parab did his schooling at the M.L Dahanukar College of Commerce in Mumbai where he graduated with a Bachelor in Banking and Insurance.

Prathamesh Parab Gets Engaged To Girlfriend Kshitija Ghosalkar On Valentine's Day. 


Dar ul-Funun

Dar ul-Funun (Persian: دارالفنون‎), translated as "House of Sciences," stands as a significant landmark in the history of education in Iran. Established in the 19th century, it was a groundbreaking institution that played a crucial role in modernizing education in the country

Dar ul-Funun was founded on October 8, 1851, in Tehran, the capital city of Iran. This date marked a transformative moment, as the institution aimed to introduce a new era of education that incorporated both traditional and modern knowledge.

The visionary behind Dar ul-Funun was Amir Kabir (1807–1852), an influential statesman and reformer during the Qajar dynasty. Amir Kabir, also known as Mirza Taghi Khan Amir-Nezam, served as the prime minister to Naser al-Din Shah, the monarch of Iran at the time.

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar, who reigned from 1848 to 1896, was the king of Iran during the establishment of Dar ul-Funun. His reign witnessed various efforts towards modernization and reforms, with Amir Kabir being a key figure in implementing changes, including the establishment of this groundbreaking educational institution.

Dar ul-Funun was not just a school but a comprehensive educational complex that aimed to bridge the gap between traditional Islamic teachings and modern sciences. Under the guidance of Amir Kabir, the institution introduced a curriculum that included a wide range of subjects, from literature and philosophy to natural sciences and technology.

One of the notable features of Dar ul-Funun was its commitment to offering education in both Persian and European languages, reflecting its aspiration to amalgamate the best of traditional and contemporary knowledge. The institution also housed a library and laboratories, providing students with access to a wealth of resources for their academic pursuits.

Dar ul-Funun laid the foundation for modern education in Iran and contributed significantly to the intellectual and cultural development of the nation. Many prominent figures who played key roles in shaping Iran's future, including scholars, politicians, and scientists, received their education at Dar ul-Funun.

The institution's impact extended beyond its immediate time, influencing subsequent educational reforms and institutions in Iran. It marked a pivotal moment in the country's history, reflecting the efforts of forward-thinking leaders like Amir Kabir to propel Iran into the modern era.

In conclusion, Dar ul-Funun remains a symbol of innovation and progress in Iranian education. Its establishment under the patronage of Amir Kabir during the reign of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar reflects a significant chapter in Iran's history, where the pursuit of knowledge and the blend of traditional and modern education set the stage for the nation's intellectual development.

Yang You (computer scientist)

Yang You, born on April 19, 1991, is an Assistant Professor at the National University of Singapore.

Yang completed his undergraduate studies at the School of Information and Electrical Engineering, . He earned his master's degree in Computer Science from Tsinghua University in 2015, and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 2020 under the guidance of . He joined the National University of Singapore as an Assistant Professor in Computer Science and founded a company called HPC-AI Tech, focusing on combining high-performance computing (HPC) technologies with artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance AI productivity.

Yang is recognized for his contributions in large scale optimization. In 2018, he introduced the LARS algorithm, which achieved a new world record for training, reducing the training time for on ImageNet to just 24 minutes. The following year, he further improved the algorithm and introduced the LAMB algorithm to address its limitations on attention models such as BERT, significantly reducing the training time for from 3 days to 76 minutes.

Yang You is a and received the George Michael Memorial HPC Fellowships in 2017. He was awarded the Lotfi A. Zadeh Prize in 2020 for his notable contributions to soft computing and its applications. He was recognized in Forbes' 30 under 30 Asia list in 2021 and received the IEEE-CS TCHPC Early Career Award.

Bacdafucup

Bacdafucup is the debut album by American hip-hop group Onyx.

It was released in March 30, 1993.
Amir Kabir

Amir Kabir (Persian:
امیرکبیر) (9 January 1807 – 10 January 1852), "born Mirza Taghi Khan", was a prominent statesman and chief minister to Naser al-Din Shah during the Qajar dynasty in 19th-century Iran. His influential role, marked by extensive reforms and diplomatic initiatives, has left a lasting impact on Iranian history.

Amir Kabir rose to prominence during a tumultuous period in Iran. Born in 1807, he initially served as a courtier before catching the eye of Naser al-Din Shah. With the Shah's support, he climbed the ranks swiftly, eventually becoming the chief minister in 1848.

One of Amir Kabir's most notable legacies lies in his internal reforms. Drawing inspiration from European models, he aimed to modernize Iran's administrative, economic, and educational systems. Amir Kabir implemented administrative restructuring, creating new ministries and rationalizing governmental functions.

He took significant steps to bolster education, establishing the Dar ul-Funun, Iran's first modern university, in 1851. This institution aimed to provide both scientific and technical education, marking a departure from traditional religious-centered learning.

Amir Kabir demonstrated a benevolent attitude towards Iran's non-Muslim minorities, driven by a strategic vision to strengthen the state. Learning from European interventions in Ottoman affairs, he aimed to eliminate possible grievances that might invite foreign interference. He exempted priests from taxation, supported Christian schools, and fostered a positive relationship with the Zoroastrian community.

Amir Kabir's foreign policy was innovative, emphasizing a "negative equilibrium" by avoiding excessive concessions to either Britain or Russia. He sought to end Russian influence in the Caspian Sea and limit British control in the Persian Gulf. To counteract external pressures, he engaged with powers like Austria and the United States and established a counter-espionage organization.
Amidst his modernization efforts, Amir Kabir faced internal challenges from the Bábí movement, considered a threat by the clerical establishment. He repressed the Bábís, leading to confrontations and mass killings. The execution of The Báb in 1850 marked a significant event, reflecting a clash between Amir Kabir's authoritarian reforms and the Bábís' call for religious renewal.

On 11 November 1851, Nasir al-Din Shah, the 20-year-old ruler of the Qajar dynasty of Iran, deposed his guardian and brother-in-law Mirza Taqi Khan Farahani, better known as Amir Kabir, from the position of prime minister. However, he allowed Amir Kabir to continue as commander-in-chief of the army. "Since the office of Grand Chancellor involves too much work," the shah wrote to Amir Kabir, "and the burden of such a task was heavy for you, we have relieved you of this duty. You must continue as Commander-in-Chief with full confidence ." Just two months later, on 10 January 1852, Amir Kabir was secretly executed in the bathhouse of the "royal garden of Fin" near Kashan, where he had spent the last days of his exile.

Amir Kabir's legacy is complex. While his modernization efforts laid foundations for change, his authoritarian methods and suppression of dissent, especially the Bábís, had profound consequences. The unintended consolidation of clerical power following the Bábí conflict shaped Iran's trajectory for decades.

Amir Kabir's life remains a pivotal chapter in Iranian history, embodying the challenges and complexities of navigating tradition and modernity during a transformative era.

Arrai TV

Arrai TV was a Arabic TV channel in Syria. The channel was used during the Libyan Civil War to spread pro-Gaddafi propaganda. The channel aired many audio clips from Gaddafi when they ran away from Tripoli. On the 15th of October 2011, the station mourned the death of Khamis Gaddafi (not Mummar al Gaddafi) on the 29th of August. The channel later closed on the 4th of December 2011 due to the start of the Syrian civil war.

Al-Hafez

Al-Hafez (The Protector) is a Salafi channel from the Sinai Peninsula that promotes the Quran. The channel also promotes Islamist parties such as the Muslim Brotherhood since the 2011 Egyptian revolution. The channel had a lawsuit filed against them due to the channel calling for the assassination of political candidates.

Historical Enquiries Team

The Historical Enquiries Team or HET was a unit of the PSNI created in 2005 to investigate the thousands of unsolved terrorist attacks and murders during the Troubles. It was launched in 2005 and shut down in 2014 following budget cuts in the PSNI. It was split into two groups, Review and Investigation, had 100 members of investigators and support staff and had a budget of £30 million. It was headed by Cmdr. David Cox.
Despicable Me 4

Despicable Me 4 is an upcoming 2024 animated film produced by Chris Meledandri and Brett Hoffman

It will be released on July 3,2024.

• Steve Carell as Felonius Gru .

•Kristen Wiig as Lucy Wilde

• Miranda Cosgrove as Margo Gru.

Gabino Gaínza

Gabino Crispín Gaínza Fernández de Medrano (20 October 1753 – 1829) captain-general of Guatemala (1821–1822). And 1st Captain General of Central America Born in Pamplona, Spain, Gaínza joined the military at the age of sixteen and served in various posts throughout South America for most of his adult life. He commanded the Spanish force that reconquered Chile in 1814.
Lauryn Bosstick

Lauryn Bosstick, born on May 21, 1986, in San Diego, California, is an American entrepreneur.

Lauryn grew up with her father, Brad Evarts, a restaurateur, and lost her mother, Wendy Evarts, at a young age. Lauryn attended San Diego State University, majoring in TV Broadcasting, and started The Skinny Confidential podcast as a free online sorority for women.

Lauryn's career took off with The Skinny Confidential podcast in 2011, focusing on health, fitness, and later expanding to beauty and wellness. In 2017, she and her husband, Michael Bosstick, started The Skinny Confidential HIM & HER podcast, featuring notable guests. Lauryn also co-founded the blog design company Blog-Doo. In 2021, she ventured into the beauty industry, launching The Skinny Confidential beauty brand with successful products like THE HOT MESS ICE ROLLER.

Lauryn is married to Michael Bosstick, and they have a daughter, Zaza Princeton Bosstick. The family resides in Austin, Texas, along with their two chihuahuas, T. Boone Pickens and Slim Pickens.

Passionate about mental health, Lauryn supports charities focused on mental well-being and advocates for rescuing dogs.

Felipe Codallos

Felipe Codallos (1790 – 1849) was the 3rd Captain General of Central America and 4th Political Chief of San Salvador under the Emperor of Mexico Agustín de Iturbide On 1 July 1823, El Salvador, along with the rest of Central America, declared independence from the Mexican Empire he died in 1849 at Mexico City, Mexico
2024 Facebook outage

On March 5, 2024, Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram stopped working everywhere. This happened at 3:00 PM UTC. Meta Platforms, the company that owns these apps, talked about the issue at 3:30 PM UTC.. A website called Downdetector received 300,000 reports about the problem

The big issue was that people were suddenly logged out. This made many worry because it seemed like what happens when someone hacks an account. So, lots of people asked on other places like Twitter / X if their accounts were still safe.

During this time, Elon Musk, the owner of X, made fun of the situation with tweets showing that X was working well when Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram were not.

Promo Direct

Promo Direct is a promotional product company headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, known for its extensive inventory of customizable items aimed at enhancing businesses' brand presence.

Promo Direct was established in 1991 by entrepreneur Dave Sarro with the aim to help promote businesses. Since then, the company has grown from a small startup into USA's leading promotional product company.

In 2018, Promo Direct launched AI features on its website called Promo Direct Express. Since then, these features have been regularly updated and improved with new functionalities. Promo Direct also offers free artwork, design services and weekly deals.

Promo Direct has also been accredited with A+ from Better Business Bureau (BBB) since 2011. 

IMx

Immature (later known as IMx) is an American dance pop and rhythm and blues boy band. The members of this group include Marques "Batman" Houston (born August 4, 1981), Kelton "LDB" Kessee (born January 1981) and Jerome "Romeo" Jones (born October 25, 1981). They're all from Los Angeles.

The group was founded established in 1991. Their studio albums include "On Our Worst Behavior" (released September 1992), "Playtime is Over" (released in August 1994), "We Got It" (released in December 1995) and "The Journey" (released in September 1997). Their songs include "Please Don't Go" "Is it Love this Time" and "Feel the Funk". Their song "Is it Love this Time" takes elements off the dance R&B song "Nite and Day" from Al B. Sure!. It was later sampled for "Big Ole Freak" from Megan Thee Stallion.

The band's identity was changed to IMx in 1999. The band was in several "House Party" movies.

Rotary Park Bridge

The Rosey Park Bridge is a historic bridge built in West Virginia. It was built in 1929 and is made out of wood and stone in a old fashioned style. It is approximately 53 metres long and 9 metres wide. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in the year 2002.

Fateh 313

Fateh 313 (Conqueror 313) is a Iranian ballistic missile and released in the year 2016. It uses solid fuel instead of liquid fuel such as gasoline or diesel. The Fateh 313 is similar to the Fateh 110 and other older models of the Fateh rockets but uses a better fuel and has a increased range. The Defense Ministry of Iran plans to create many missiles and sell them to consumers.

Huron

Huron may refer to:



Naser al-Din Shah Qajar

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar (Persian: ناصرالدین‌شاه قاجار, romanized: Nāser-ad-Din Ŝāh-e Qājār; 17 July 1831 – 1 May 1896) , ascended to the throne as the fourth Shah of Qajar Iran on 5 September 1848, ruling until his tragic assassination on 1 May 1896. His reign, spanning nearly 51 years, established him as the third longest-reigning monarch in Iranian history, following Shapur II of the Sassanid dynasty and Tahmasp I of the Safavid dynasty.
As a trailblazer , Naser al-Din Shah marked a significant era as the first modern Persian monarch to formally venture into Europe. Capturing his experiences, he documented his travels in memoirs, providing a unique insight into his encounters with the Western world. His openness to Western influence showcased a modernist approach, setting the stage for reforms in Qajar Iran.

Notably, Naser al-Din Shah ushered in an era of modernization by permitting the establishment of newspapers within the country. Embracing contemporary technology, he harnessed the power of telegraphs and photography, revealing a forward-thinking mindset. Additionally, he initiated plans for concessions related to railways and irrigation works, showcasing a commitment to progress and infrastructure development.

Despite these strides towards modernity, Naser al-Din Shah faced challenges in implementing successful reforms. While his endeavors in education modernization were noteworthy, his tax reforms encountered misuse by those in positions of power. This resulted in a perception of corruption within the government, contributing to a growing sense of discontent among the common people. The inability of the government to protect the populace from abuse by the upper class fueled antigovernmental sentiments.

Tragically, Naser al-Din Shah's life came to an abrupt end when he was assassinated while visiting a shrine. His assassination marked a gloomy conclusion to the reign of a monarch who, despite his efforts at modernization, grappled with the complexities of balancing progress with societal challenges. 

Despite being the recognized government of Iran, Naser al-Din Shah Qajar faced considerable challenges in establishing effective authority during the early years of his rule. While the state under his leadership held official recognition, its influence was significantly undermined by the autonomy tested by local tribal leaders.

One of the key hindrances to Naser al-Din's sovereignty lay in the substantial autonomy granted to religious and tribal chiefs, who exercised significant control over their respective communities. These leaders maintained their own militias, leading to a decentralized power structure where local groups often operated independently, disregarding laws issued by the monarchy due to the lack of enforcement mechanisms.

Naser al-Din's initial struggle for control became evident in the limited effectiveness of his rule. At the onset of his reign, the monarch's army consisted of a mere 3,000 men, a stark contrast to the more substantial forces commanded by various tribal leaders. Faced with this military imbalance, Naser al-Din often resorted to hiring local militias when the state required a more formidable military presence.

Furthermore, the people's allegiance leaned towards the religious authorities, following the fatwas issued by the ulama rather than adhering to laws announced by the state. This shift in loyalty demonstrated the existing challenges in establishing centralized governance and the sway that religious figures held over the populace.

Even as Naser al-Din embarked on reforms aimed at modernizing the state, the government continued to face scrutiny over its ability to enforce these changes successfully. The limited power it wielded over subjects, coupled with the defiance of local militias, posed persistent obstacles to the effective implementation of reforms.

In essence, the early years of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar's rule were marked by a struggle to consolidate authority and navigate the intricate balance between centralized governance and the autonomy of local leaders. These challenges laid the groundwork for the complexities that characterized his lengthy reign. 

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar's reign, which began in 1848 after his ascension to the Sun Throne with the support of Amir Kabir, was marked by a complex interplay of reformist tendencies, authoritarian governance, and interactions with external powers.

In the early years, Naser al-Din demonstrated an inclination toward reform. However, his governing style evolved into a dictatorial approach, particularly in response to challenges such as the Revolt of "Hasan Khan Salar" and insurrections by the Babis. In the aftermath of an assassination attempt by a small group of Babis, he sanctioned the killing of thousands. This harsh treatment persisted under his prime minister, Amir Kabir, who went as far as ordering the execution of the Báb, a figure regarded as a manifestation of God by Bábís and Baháʼís, and historically recognized as the founder of the Bábí religion. 

Faced with the inability to reclaim territory lost to Russia in the Caucasus during the early 19th century, Naser al-Din sought compensation by attempting to seize Herat in 1856. This move, however, triggered conflict with Great Britain, which perceived it as a threat to British India. The ensuing war forced Persia to return Herat and recognize the kingdom of Afghanistan.

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar made history as the first modern Persian monarch to visit Europe. His visits in 1873, 1878, and 1889 exposed him to technological marvels, leaving him reportedly amazed. During his 1873 visit to the United Kingdom, Queen Victoria bestowed upon him the prestigious title of Knight of the Order of the Garter, a significant honor for a Persian monarch. His travel diary from the 1873 trip was widely published, reflecting the international interest in his experiences and observations, available in Persian, German, French, and Dutch.

In 1890, Naser al-Din ventured into economic concessions with British major "Gerald F. Talbot", granting him ownership of the Persian tobacco industry. However, a fatwa from "Ayatollah Mirza Hassan Shirazi", prohibiting tobacco-related activities, compelled the cancellation of the contract. This decision, rooted in concerns of foreign exploitation, even affected the Shah's personal life, as his wives prohibited him from smoking.

Undeterred by setbacks, Naser al-Din continued his efforts to grant concessions to Europeans. Notably, he assigned the ownership of Persian customs incomes to "Paul Julius Reuter", highlighting the complexities of his attempts at modernization and collaboration with foreign powers. Naser al-Din Shah Qajar's reign remains a multifaceted chapter in Persian history, shaped by a dynamic blend of reforms, conflicts, and engagement with the rapidly changing world.

Fateh 110

The Fateh 110 (Conqueror 110 or NP 110 in English) is a ballistic missile made by Iran in the year 2002. The latest version has a range of 300 kilometers and is more accurate then older models.
The rocket is based off of the Zelzal-2 missile. The rocket has been used in the Syrian Civil War as the M-600. It was also the reason Turkey was given 2 missile defense systems by America in the year 2012. The missiles are also used by Hizbullah since 2014 after the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps gave them a unknown amount of rockets. It was also previously claimed by Mossad that Syria was giving Hizbullah their M-600 missiles. The missiles have also been sent to Russia but they have not utilized the rockets as of March 2024.

Erie

Erie may refer to:


Leptomantis harrissoni

The Harrisson's flying frog or brown tree frog ("Leptomantis harrissoni") is a frog. It lives in the Indonesia and Malaysia. People have seen it between 0 and 350 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have been cut down and are growing back. This frog does not live in places that human beings have changed. This frog lays eggs in holes and trees. The male finds a hole and calls to the female. The trees must be very tall or else the frog will not go there.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. This frog can be in some danger from human beings cutting down the forests. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Superior

The word superior means above or better. Superior may also refer to:




Ontario (disambiguation)

Ontario is a province in Canada.

Ontario may also refer to:


Micro Mages

Micro Mages is a platform game released by Morphcat Games in 2019 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It raised over €150,000 on Kickstarter. The game was released on a cartridge and later as a digital download on Steam and Itch.io.

The game uses 40 kilobytes (8 kilobytes for graphics and 32 kilobytes for code). This is because all NES games had to fit into that size when it was released. It was made using 6502 assembly language. Levels and animations use the same graphics to save space.

Genetic genealogy

Genetic genealogy is using a person's DNA and genealogy to test if that person is related to another person. 

It can be used by law enforcement to find the culprit of a crime, or who the victim is. Because DNA tests are also more easy to get, it can also be used to trace back a family tree.

Mushak 200

The Mushak 200 is a long range Iranian missile. It has a range of 200 kilometers. Development of the Mushak series started in the year 1990 and the Mushak-200 was shown in 1998. The rocket was based off the Zelzal 1 and parts of the Mushak's components were used in the Zelzal 3. The rocket has been given to Syria, Hezbollah, and Ansar Allah.

Kinuyo Someya

Kinuyo Someya (染谷絹代, Someya Kinuyo, born 5 July 1954) is a Japanese politician. In 2013, she was elected mayor of Shimada City, becoming the first female mayor of the city, as well as one of the first female mayors of Shizuoka Prefecture.

Someya was born in 1954 in Iwaki She was chairman of the Shimada school board.

Someya ran in the 2013 municipal elections for the city of Shimada, against incumbent mayor Katsurō Sakurai. She ran a long-term electoral campaign, focusing on the desire to change the city's institutions. She won the mayoral race, with a lead of 5,000 votes.

She was re-elected twice, in 2017, with 12,000 votes, and then in 2021, with a lead of more than 15,000 votes.

During her 2021 election campaign, she enjoyed broad popular support, after taking Covid-19 measures in Shimada. 

Sukhoi Su-34

The Sukhoi SU-34 is a Soviet-origin Russian fighter and attack jet. It has two engines, and two seats.

Marion Scrymgour

Marion Rose Scrymgour (born 13 September 1960) is an Australian politician. She is currently serving as the member for the seat of Lingiari in the Northern Territory. She is a member of the Labor Party.

Scrymgour used to be the member for the seat of Arafura in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. She was the first Indigenous woman to be elected to the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly.

Scrymgour is Aboriginal, belonging to the Tiwi mob from the Tiwi Islands.

Honkytonk Man

Honkytonk Man is a 1982 American musical comedy-drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Kyle Eastwood, John McIntire, Alexa Kenin, Verna Broom, Barry Corbin, Marty Robbins, Jerry Haddin, Tim Thomerson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Clancy Carlile. It was nominated for Razzie Award in 1983.

Luke Gosling

Luke John Anthony Gosling, (born 17 September 1971) is an Australian politician and a retired Australian Army officer. He is currently serving as the member for Solomon in the Northern Territory in the House of Representatives.

Jihadi tourism

Jihadi tourism is a phrase used for traveling to a different country for military training by a jihadist group. This phrase is also applied to those who are curious of jihadist groups and travelling for curiosity.

List of governors of California before 1850

Below is a list of the governors of early California (1769–1850),

Gaspar de Portolá November 30, 1767 – July 9, 1770

Fernando Rivera y Moncada 9 July 1770-1777

Felipe de Neve 1777–1782

Luis Antonio Argüello 1822–1825

José Castro 29 September 1835 – 1 January 1836

Juan Bautista Alvarado 1836–1837

Carlos Antonio Carrillo 6 December 1837 – 20 May 1838 ("Nominated)"

Juan Bautista Alvarado 1837–1842

Manuel Micheltorena 31 December 1842 – 22 February 1845

Pío Pico 22 February 1845 – 10 August 1846

John D. Sloat July 7 – 29, 1846 

Robert F. Stockton July 29, 1846 – January 16, 1847 

John C. Frémont January 19, 1847 – February 13, 1847 

Stephen W. Kearny February 23, 1847 – May 31, 1847 

Richard Barnes Mason May 31, 1847 – April 13, 1849 

Persifor Frazer Smith February 28, 1849 – April 12, 1849 

Bennet C. Riley April 12, 1849 – December 20, 1849 

Islamic State of Iraq

The Islamic State of Iraq was an Al-Qaeda offshoot in Iraq. It fought against the US army during the Iraqi civil war. The goal of the group was to overthrow the secular Iraqi government setup by George W. Bush and form a Islamic state in Iraq. The group originates from Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad which was created by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and later pledged allegiance to Al-Qaeda. However when Abu Omar al-Baghdadi came to power, he dissolved Al-Qaeda in Iraq and replacing it with the Islamic State of Iraq.

Roy Fredericks

Roy Clifton Fredericks was born 11 November, 1942 in Berbice, Guyana and died 5 September, 2000 in New York City, United States. He was a West Indies cricketer who played 59 tests and 12 one-day internationals from 1968 to 1977. He also played for Guyana and Glamorgan County Cricket Club. He died from throat cancer in 2000.

InfiRay

InfiRay, also known as IRay, fully referred to as IRay Technology Co., Ltd., is a Chinese optical components manufacturer founded in 2009. The company specializes in the production of consumer-grade thermal infrared imagers, especially tiny thermal cameras. InfiRay is a subsidiary of Raytron Technology, a semiconductor maker listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE). Headquartered in Yantai, a city in Shandong province, the company has established presences in the US, Australia, and Russia.

Assim Al-Hakeem

Assim al-Hakeem is a Indonesian imam from Saudi Arabia. He records his programs in the city of Jeddah. His programs are in the English language and he has been called a Islamist. His family is from Indonesia due to his grandfather sending his father to Saudi Arabia which resulted in him being born in Saudi Arabia.

Abu Omar al-Baghdadi

Abu Omar al-Baghdadi was the first leader of the Islamic State of Iraq. He died on the 18th of April 2010 by an airstrike on his house, killing his son and other members of the Islamic State of Iraq. He was succeeded by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who called himself the caliph of the Islamic State.

Hojang Taret

Hojang Taret is a play done in the Meitei language and it is dervived from The Phoenician Women. The play is directed by Oasis Sougaijam and produced by The Umbelical Theatre. The story of the play is about two brothers who fight which causes the destruction of Thebes and it talks about why is fighting is bad.

California Girls (Gretchen Wilson song)

"California Girls" is a song recorded by American country music artist Gretchen Wilson. The song was written by Wilson and John Rich and produced by the two and Mark Wright. The song was released on June 9, 2006, as the fourth and final single from her second studio album "All Jacked Up" (2005).

The music video features Wilson and her band throughout the beach and in the amusement park inside the pier. The video also features a Paris Hilton look-alike. The video premiered to Great American Country on July 10, 2006.

Kingdom of Kaikan

The kingdom of Kaikan (alternatively Kikan, Kiknan, Qaiqan or Qayqan)The Kaikan region in Sindh (Pakistan) was in independent possession of the Jat people. In addition to frequent interaction with Jats, the first Arab invasions of Persia and Sindh were met by the Jat people.

Kaikan was a province in Sind. Kikania is the name of a mountain. When the Arab invaders first time came to Kaikan mountains, the Jats repelled them. when Muhammad bin Qasim invaded Sind, Kaikan country was in independent possession of Jats. The country of Kaikan was supposed to be in south-eastern Afghanistan which was conquered from Jats by the Arab general Amran Bin Musa in the reign of the Khalifa Al-Mutasim-bi-llah, (833-881 AD). During the same reign another expedition was sent against the Jats who had seized upon the roads of Hajar (?)...and spread terror over the roads and planted posts in all directions towards the desert. They were overcome after a bloody conflict of twenty five days. 27000 of them were led in captivity to grace the triumph of victor. It was a custom among these people to blow their horns when Marshalled for battle. [Sindh Ka itihas, p.30] H.C.Verma wrote [ H.C.Verma : Mediewal History [Part-1] Delhi University Publication that the Jats of Kikkan fought very bravely and defeated the Arabs very badly again & again. So Arab could not attack on India by Kikkan route.

Last Man Standing (1995 movie)

Last Man Standing is a 1995 American action movie directed by Joseph Merhi and starring Jeff Wincott, Jonathan Banks, Jonathan Fuller, Steve Eastin, Robert LaSardo, Michael Greene, Ava Fabian, Corbin Bernsen. It was distributed by PM Entertainment Group.


Voulez-Vous (song)

"Voulez-Vous" ( ; French for "Do you want?") is a 1979 song by ABBA and is the title track to their sixth studio album "Voulez-Vous" and also features on their 1992 album "". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the Netherlands, number 80 in the United States, number 79 in Australia, number 87 in Canada, number 9 in Sweden, Spain and France and number 20 in Finland. It was not a major hit for the group.



Matthias Corvinus

Matthias Corvinus (also Mátyás Corvin ; 23 February 1443 – 6 April 1490) was a king of Hungary and Croatia who reigned from 1458 to 1490. He was also king of Bohemia since 1469 and ruled the lands of Moravia, Silesia, and Lusatia. Matthias adopted the title Duke of Austria.

As an avid reader and culture lover, he generously patronized arts. He invited many artists from Italian city-states (such as Galeotto Marzio ) and Western Europe were all invited to his royal palace and bestowed many gifts.

He spoke Hungarian, Romanian, Croatian and Latin well, and later studied German and Czechoslovak.

Ayman Sadiq

Ayman Sadiq is a Bangladeshi writer, educator, speaker, content creator and entrepreneur. Sadiq is the founder of 10 Minute School, the largest online educational institution in Bangladesh. Sadiq has received the Glomo Award, also known as the ICT Oscar, and the Apita Award. Sadiq has also received the Queen's Leader Award in 2018.

Sadiq is married to Munzereen Shahid and his relationship status is mingle.

Cynical Girl

"Cynical Girl" is a 1982 song by country singer Marshall Crenshaw. It was taken from his debut studio album "Marshall Crenshaw" and features the cover version of "Rave On". It did not chart in the United States or the United Kingdom but became one of his most famous songs.

Whenever You're on My Mind

Whenever You're on My Mind is a 1983 song by Marshall Crenshaw and is the leading single from his second studio album "Field Day". It went to number 23 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Hard Habit to Break

"Hard Habit to Break" is a 1984 song by Chicago. It is the second single from their 14th studio album "Chicago 17" and went to number 3 in the United States and number 8 in the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 1985.

Hypsocormus

Hypsocormus (from Greek: ῠ̔́ψος "húpsos", 'height' and Greek: κορμός "kormós" 'timber log') is a genus of pachycormiform from the Jurassic with fossils being found in Germany, France and the United Kingdom. The two species are H. insignis and H. posterodorsalis.

"Hypsocormus" was about 1 m (3.3 ft) long, with a caudal fin just like a mackerel. It had a dorsal fin, long pectoral fins and tiny pelvic fins.

In 1860, Johann Andreas Wagner discovered the type species, "H. insignis". The species was then placed into this genus. For a long time, it has been considered to be the only species of "Hypsocormus". However, in 2020, Maxwell and others described a new species, "H. posterodorsalis". There are currently two species in this genus.



Synapturanus zombie

Synapturanus zombie, the zombie frog, is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae. It is classified in the genus "Synapturanus".

"Synapturanus zombie" has an average snout–vent length of 39 mm in males. It has a pointed nose and a narrow mouth.

Zombie frogs live in well-drained soil in forests in French Guiana. They are nocturnal and fossorial.



Reza Goodary

Reza Goodary (born 14 December 1988), is an Iranian mixed martial artist. He is the first Iranian fighter who's competing in Karate, Muay Thai, Jujutsu and MMA with recorded 299 professional fights.

Paranormal

Paranormal means phenomena that lie outside the scope of what is considered normal or explainable by current scientific understanding. These phenomena often challenge our conventional understanding of the physical world and may involve occurrences that seem to transcend or defy natural laws.

Belief in the paranormal varies widely, with some individuals embracing these ideas as evidence of a reality beyond the material world, while others approach them with skepticism and seek scientific explanations. While there are many anecdotal accounts of paranormal experiences, the scientific community generally requires empirical evidence and rigorous testing to accept phenomena as valid and reliable.

Common examples of paranormal phenomena include:

It's essential to distinguish between personal beliefs, cultural folklore, and scientific inquiry when exploring the realm of the paranormal. While some experiences may remain unexplained or mysterious, the scientific method remains a crucial tool for investigating and understanding the world around us.

Bobasatrania

Bobasatrania is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Triassic. It’s best known from beds of Changhsingian to Ladinian age. It is one of the most famous survivors of the Permian–Triassic extinction event. "Bobasatrania" originated during the Lopingian epoch. 

"Bobasatrania" is part of the Bobasatraniiformes. The type species was named after Bobasatrana (near Ambilobe) in northeast Madagascar. The species is named after a river called the Mahavavy River. 

"Bobasatrania" had a unique diamond-shaped body. It had a forked tail. It did not exceed 30 cm in length. The pectoral fins were thin and elongated. It had large eyes and a small mouth. 

Fossils have been found in many places (Canada, France, Germany, Greenland, Italy, Madagascar, Spitsbergen, Pakistan, Switzerland, USA).

On 1932, Errol White discovered the type species, "B. mahavavica". "Bobasatrania", "Dorypterus", "Ebenaqua", and "Ecrinesomus" make up the Bobasatraniiformes, an extinct order of ray-finned fish.






Jonáthan Daniel Ross

Jonathan Daniel Ross (born April 26, 2003) also known as JDR is an American College Basketball Player, and entrepreneur based in Austin, Texas.

Ross who has a passion for basketball, is also a businessman and social media influencer. He was born in Austin, Texas, but his parents moved to Houston when he was three years old. He attended in Washington State, where he was featured in basketball competitions. Jonathan's contribution to the Yates High School basketball team played an important role in securing the state champion title in the 2020-2021 season.

= External links =

Catholic Monarchs

The Catholic Monarchs were Queen Isabella I of Castile (r. 1474–1504) and King Ferdinand II of Aragon (r. 1479–1516), whose marriage and joint rule marked the "de facto" unification of Spain. They were both from the House of Trastámara and were second cousins, being both descended from John I of Castile; to remove the obstacle that this consanguinity would otherwise have posed to their marriage under canon law, they were given a papal dispensation by Sixtus IV. They married on October 19, 1469, in the city of Valladolid; Isabella was 18 years old and Ferdinand a year younger. It is generally accepted by most scholars that the unification of Spain can essentially be traced back to the marriage of Ferdinand and Isabella. Their reign was called by W.H. Prescott "the most glorious epoch in the annals of Spain".

Spain was formed as a dynastic union of two crowns rather than a unitary state, as Castile and Aragon remained separate kingdoms until the Nueva Planta decrees of 1707–16. The court of Ferdinand and Isabella was constantly on the move, in order to bolster local support for the crown from local feudal lords. The title of "Catholic King and Queen" was officially bestowed on Ferdinand and Isabella by Pope Alexander VI in 1494, in recognition of their defence of the Catholic faith within their realms.

Wayenbam

Wayenbam is a Meitei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Belarusian involvement in the Russian invasion of Ukraine

Belarus, a close ally of Russia, has supported them in the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Before the invasion started, Belarus let the Russian Armed Forces perform weeks-long military drills on its territory. However, the Russian soldiers did not leave the country after they finished. Belarus allowed Russia to start part of the invasion in its territory, giving Russia the shortest possible land route to Ukraine's capital city, Kyiv. These forces left Ukraine within two months, which ended land-based military operations coming from Belarus and allowing Ukraine to take back their side of the border area. The situation along the border is still tense, with Ukraine closing all of the border checkpoints leading into Belarus unless there are special cases.

At the start, Belarus said that they were not involved with the invasion, but they later admitted that they allowed Russian missile launchers in Belarus to shoot at Ukrainian targets. Several reports from the Belarusian opposition and Ukrainian military said that Belarusian soldiers were in Ukraine helping the Russians fight, but Belarus's leader Aleksander Lukashenko said that the reports were wrong and the Belarusian Armed Forces (BAF) would not fight in the invasion. As of early 2023, the BAF have not attacked Ukraine and stayed in Belarus for the entire war. The Belarusian leader has said that there is "no way" he will send soldiers into Ukraine unless they attack first.

The involvement of Belarus was condemned in Western countries. According to Chatham House, Belarus's involvement in the war is not popular with the public.

At the start of the invasion, Belarus held Russo-Ukrainian peace talks on its border. The talks did not make a lasting ceasefire happen.

Leptomantis gauni

Inger's flying frog or the short-nosed tree frog ("Leptomantis gauni") is a frog. It lives in Brunei, Malaysia, and Indonesia. People have seen it between 750 and 980 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in rainforests that have never been cut down and rainforests that were cut down and are growing back on hills. This frog lays eggs in foam nests on plants over water. The tadpoles swim near the rocky bottoms of streams.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. Human beings cut down the forests where the frogs live to get wood to build with and make farms for palm oil. Many of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Apple Sidra

Apple Sidra is a Taiwanese carbonated soft drink. It was first distributed in 1965. It is manufactured by Oceanic Beverages Co., Inc. and is mainly sold in Taiwan. It has a sweet natural apple flavor with a bit of citrus. It is sold in 250 and 330 ml cans, 275 ml glass bottles, and 600 ml, 1250 ml, and 2 liter bottles.

Gerber Products Company

Gerber Products Company is an American company that makes baby food and products. It is headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey. The company is a subsidiary of Nestlé. Gerber was founded in 1927 in Fremont, Michigan, by Daniel Frank Gerber.

El Mouradia Palace

The El Mouradia Palace is the official workplace and residence of the president of Algeria. It is in the El Mouradia neighborhood overlooking Algiers. It is often referred to simply as the Algerian president’s office. Initially, Ahmed Ben Bella, the first president of independent Algeria, used the Summer Palace, previously occupied by French governors, for his offices, while residing at Villa Joly.
Laurence Jehasse

Laurence Jehasse, (born Mary Jehasse 12 July 1920 Petreto-Bicchisano - 31 December 2013 in Lyon) was a French archaeologist. She was a specialist in Greek and Etruscan ceramics. She founded the Jérôme Carcopino Archaeological Museum. She was awarded the CNRS Silver Medal in 1984.

She grew up in Corsica. She studied in Paris between 1928 and 1945. She taught Spanish until 1974. Between 1954 and 1967, she co-directed all the research campaigns at the Roman site of Aléria. She analyzed the material discovered with her husband Jean Jehasse. In 1967, André Malraux appointed her director of the Aléria Museum, which became the Aleria Jérôme-Carcopino Museum of Archaeology, a position she held until 1978.

In 1973, she defended a doctoral thesis in archaeology on Greek ceramics from Aléria. She was recruited in 1974 as a researcher at the CNRS, and in 1979 was awarded the CNRS silver medal for her work. She then continued her work on Aléria while specialising in Athenian ceramics.

She married Jean Jehasse in 1947.


Flag of Autlán

The flag of Autlán () has two horizontal stripes, the big strip is red and the smal strip yelloy with the coat of arms of Autlán de Navarro (toponim glyph). It was adopted in 1998.

Sublime number

A sublime number is a positive integer which has a perfect number of positive factors (including itself), and whose positive factors add up to another perfect number. For example 12 whose factor are 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 12 this is 6 factors. 6 is a perfect number the only other sublime number is 6,086,555,670,238,378,989,670,371,734,243,169,622,657,830,773,351,885,970,528,324,860,512,791,691,264.

Prime power

Prime power is a positive integer which is a positive integer power of a single prime number. which means a prime number or p to the power of any integer i, p to the power of p, or i to the power of p.

Deficient number

A deficient number is when a number is not a perfect number or a Abundant number. Also some primes, prime powers, and any divisors of a perfect or deficient number are deficient. 1 is deficient along with 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 21, 22, 23, etc.

Fedayeen al-Islam

Fedayeen al-Islam (Martyrs for Islam) was a militant group in Pakistan created and ran by Hakimullah Mehsud, deputy of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan until his death. After his death in 2009, his group joined the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan. The group has claimed responsibility for many bombings in Pakistan such as the Islamabad hotel bombing.

Bid'ah

In Islam, bid'ah is innovation in religious beliefs. The word literally means innovation and is seen as a form of heresy. The word is used for any new innovation against the Qur'an and Sunnah of Muhammad. It is believed by many that anybody who starts a innovation in religion is cursed by Allah and his angels.

Ansarullah Bangla Team

The Ansarullah Bangla Team is a militant group from Bangladesh and it has commited crimes such as bank robbery and the murder of atheists. The group was designated a terrorist group after their bank robbing on the 25th of May 2015. The group has been claimed to be linked with the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami party by the Bengali police. The group also has links to Al-Qaeda and it started in 2007 as the group "Jama'atul Muslemin" with funding coming from charities.

BurgerFi

BurgerFi is an American hamburger restaurant chain. It is aimed at the "better burger" sector of the market. It was founded in February 2011 in Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, Florida. In 2018, the Consumers Union graded the top 25 burger chains in the U.S. on their antibiotic use policies for beef. it was one of the two chains that were given an "A" rating for using beef that was raised without routine use of antibiotics.

Beyond Meat

Beyond Meat is a Los Angeles–based producer of plant-based meat substitutes. It was founded in 2009. The company's initial products were launched in the United States in 2012. It went public in 2019, becoming the first plant-based meat analogue company to go public.

Universal Social Charge

The Universal Social Charge is a tax on income in the Republic of Ireland. It replaced the income levy and the health levy (also known as the health contribution) since 1 January 2011. It is charged on a person's "gross income" before any pension contributions or Pay Related Social Insurance.

If a person's income is less than €13,000 they pay no Universal Social Charge. (This limit was €4,004 in 2011, €10,036 from 2012 to 2014 and €12,012 in 2015.) Once income is over this limit, a person pays the relevant rate on all income. For example, a person with income of €13,000 will pay no USC. A person with income of €13,001 will pay 0.5% on income up to €12,012 and 2.5% on income between €12,012 and €13,001.

Aggregate income for these purposes does not include payments from the Department of Social Protection.

Fedayeen Saddam

Fedayeen Saddam was a militant group loyal to Saddam Husayn. The group had 30,000 to 40,000 members at its peak. The group was also not binded by the law similar to the CIA. The group were the cause of the most deadly attacks against US forces in 2003 during the 2003 Iraq invasion by the US. The group has also been known to operate in civilian clothes to confuse US forces.

Holocaust (band)

The Holocaust is a heavy metal band from Scotland created in 1977 and is based in the city of Edinburgh. The band consists of the singer Gary Lettice, guitar player Ed Dudley, drum player Nick Brockie, and bassist Robin Begg. 

Quatro de Fevereiro Airport

Quatro de Fevereiro International Airport is the main international airport in Angola. It is in the southern part of Luanda. Quatro de Fevereiro means 4 February, which is an important national holiday in Angola. Dr. Antonio Agostinho Neto International Airport is being built to take its place, but work has been slowed down by money problems. 

Point (basketball)

A point in the American sport Basketball can be either in the form of one, two, or three points. The goal of winning a basketball game is to score more points than the opposing team when the time runs out. 
In college basketball the time of a basketball match is usually 40 minutes and in high school it is usually 32 minutes. In the NBA, however, it is four quarters of 12 minutes each.

Gaspar de Portolá

Gaspar de Portolá y (January 1, 1716 – October 10, 1786) was a Spanish military officer, the first governor of California, and founder of Monterey and San Diego. he was accompanied by the priest Junípero Serra. Together they led the Spanish settlement of what is now the state of California

Sukuta

Sukuta (ruled prior to around 1200 AD) was a king (or chief) of Eswatini. He succeeded Qomizitha as king of Eswatini and preceded Madlasomo as king of Eswatini.
Herman, Shopian

Herman or Hermain () is a village and tehsil of shopian District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Khanabal

Khanabal is a town in Anantnag District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Fernando Rivera y Moncada

Fernando de Riveray Moncada ("b." 1711; "d." 18 July 1781), Spanish commandant of the Californias. Rivera y Moncada, a native of Compostela, Nayarit, served in the military at Loreto, Baja California, in 1742. He explored the Bahía de Sebastián Vizcaíno with the Jesuit Fernando Consag in 1751.
Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar

On the 18th of January 2024, Pakistan sent airstrikes inside the Iranian part of Balochistan trying to destroy separatist groups. They called it Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar (Death to rebels) by Pakistan. The attack was done in response to Iranian strikes in Pakistani Balochistan a day earlier.
Iran confirmed that 9 Balochistan Liberation Army members were killed in the airstrike. 
The attack was the first attack on Iran by another country since the end of the Iran–Iraq War in the year 1988.

Marg Bar Sarmachar means "death to rebels". Marg bar means "death to" in Persian and is used in the Iranian slogan Marg bar Amerika. Sarmachar means rebels in the Balochi language and is used by Balochi seperatists.

America-Israel Cultural Foundation

The America-Israel Cultural Foundation is a non-profit from America that supports Israel. 

It was first founded in 1939 for the creation of a Jewish state. It was called the American Fund for Palestinian Institutions until 1948 where it was changed to the American Fund for Israeli Institutions. It later changed its name to the America Israel Cultural Foundation which is its current name.

Abu Mahdi

The Abu Mahdi missile is a missile with a range of over 1000 km. The missile is named after Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, the former leader of the Popular Mobilization Forces and the companion of Qasem Soleimani. It was released alongside the Haj Qasem missile on the 20th of August 2020. The missile can be launched from many different platforms such as air, sea, and land.

Haj Qasem

The Haj Qasem is a missile that was released on the 20th of August 2020. It is named after Qasem Soleimani, the former Quds Force commander before being killed by the US.
The missile has a range of 1400 km and weighs 500 kg. It is called the next generation of the Fateh 110 and can bypass advanced missile defense systems.
The release of the Abu Mahdi and Haj Qasem missiles came 1 day after the US planned to issue UN sanctions against the country.

Husayniyah

Husayniyah is a village in the Al Madinah Province inside the west of Saudi Arabia which has a Zaydi majority.

Hizb ut-Tahrir

Hizb ut-Tahrir is a Islamist organization with the goal of creating an Islamic state to unite all Muslims under the Sharia.
The group was created in 1953 by Taql al-Din al-Nabhani in Jerusalem

by a Palestinian Islamic Scholar taught in Egypt. He made a draft for the creation of the caliphate. The organization believes that there is always war with the kuffar (non Muslims) with Muslims. They believe Jihad is a duty to prevent disbelief until everybody becomes Muslims. They also advocate for the removal of rulers who do kufr (act that makes them non Muslim) which is a step that is required until Islam can spread globally.

<br>

Abu Ubayda

Abu Ubayda was one of the companions of the Prophet. He is known for being one of the ten people who Paradise was promised to. He was born in 583 in Mecca and died in 639 in the Plague of Amwas.

Mission to Mars

Mission to Mars is a 2000 American Canadian French science fiction adventure movie directed by Brian De Palma and was based on the Disney's theme park of the same name. It stars Gary Sinise, Tim Robbins, Don Cheadle, Connie Nielsen, Jerry O'Connell, Kim Delaney, Armin Mueller-Stahl and Bill Timoney. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Australia surfing

The first surfing references were found in Polynesia. Cave painting from the 12th Century show people riding on waves. In the course of seafarings, Polynesians brought surfing to Hawaii and the sport went viral. Surfing in Hawaii wasn't only a sport but also an important part of the religion.

In Polynesian culture, surfing was an important activity. Modern surfing as we know it today is thought to have originated in Hawaii. The history of surfing dates to c. AD 400 in Polynesia, where Polynesians began to make their way to the Hawaiian Islands from Tahiti and the Marquesas Islands.
Minor in Possession

In the United States, if someone under 21 years of age has or drinks alcohol, it's against the law. This law is called "Minor in Possession" or "MIP" and is usually a misdemeanor. If anyone under the age of 21 has or drinks alcohol, except in special cases, they are breaking the law. Punishments for people under 21 years of age caught with alcohol differ around the United States. Each state has its own rules for the drinking age and only local or state officials can give out tickets for underage drinking. Every state has different fines and consequences for minors caught with alcohol.

113 (number)

113 (number) is a 3 digit number. It is the 30th prime number, and it is standing between the numbers 112 and 114.

Bobasatraniiformes

Bobasatraniiformes is an extinct order of ray-finned fish from the Triassic. The four genera are "Bobasatrania", "Ebenaqua", "Ecrinesomus", and "Dorypterus". They also have two families: Bobasatraniidae and Dorypteridae. They lived in both marine and freshwater environments.

The most famous of them is undoubtedly "Bobasatrania". The relationships of this order with others is not well known. They are one of the survivors of the Permian–Triassic extinction event. They are durophagous.




Ebenaqua

Ebenaqua ritchiei is an extinct species of bobasatraniiform that lived during the Lopingian of Australia. "Ebenaqua" resembled a Moorish idol. Its dorsal fin was high. It had the typical sharp snout. It did not exceed 15 cm in length.

"Ebenaqua ritchiei" was described in 1983 based on fossils found in Queensland. It is a member of the Bobasatraniiformes, along with "Bobasatrania", "Ecrinesomus", and "Dorypterus".



Dorypterus

Dorypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Wuchiapingian. It is a bobasatraniiform with a high dorsal fin. "Dorypterus" is the only member of its family, the Dorypteridae. It has two species, "Dorypterus hoffmanni" and "Dorypterus althausi".

This small fish did not exceed 15 cm. The most unusual feature of "Dorypterus" was its dorsal fin, which was exceptionally high. "D. hoffmanni" has a long dorsal fin, while "D. althausi" has a short dorsal fin.

The type species, "D. hoffmanni", was described by Germar in 1842. On that same year, "D. althausi" was described by Georg Zu Münster.



Critique of the Gotha program

The Critique of the Gotha Programme is a seminal work by the renowned German philosopher, economist, and socialist revolutionary Karl Marx. Written in 1875, the critique represents Marx's analysis and appraisal of the draft program of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), known as the Gotha Programme.

The Gotha Programme was drafted during the unification congress of the SPD held in Gotha, Germany, in 1875. The program aimed to establish the ideological and political framework for the party's future actions and policies. However, Marx, along with his collaborator Friedrich Engels, found certain aspects of the program problematic and subjected it to critical scrutiny.

1. Critique on Lassalle: Marx's critique of the Gotha Programme is primarily focused on its perceived adherence to the ideas of Ferdinand Lassalle, a prominent figure in the German workers' movement. Marx, while acknowledging Lassalle's contributions, criticized his emphasis on state intervention and the role of the state in social transformation. Marx argued for a more radical approach that centered on the revolutionary overthrow of the capitalist system.

2. Labor Theory of Value: Central to Marx's critique is his reiteration of the labor theory of value. He criticizes the Gotha Programme for its failure to adequately address the issue of labor compensation and the distribution of wealth. Marx contends that under socialism, individuals should be remunerated according to their labor contribution rather than their needs or the principle of "from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs," as advocated by the Gotha Programme.

3. Critique of the State: Marx's critique extends to the Gotha Programme's treatment of the state. He argues that the program's endorsement of a transitional state characterized by "the dictatorship of the proletariat" is inherently flawed. Marx contends that such a state would perpetuate class divisions and ultimately hinder the achievement of a classless society.

Despite its initial reception, the Critique of the Gotha Programme has emerged as a foundational text within Marxist theory and socialist thought. It has inspired numerous debates and interpretations among scholars and activists, shaping discussions on the nature of socialism, the role of the state, and the organization of the economy.

The critique remains relevant in contemporary discourse on socialism and communism, serving as a touchstone for those seeking to understand and advance Marxian ideas in the context of evolving political and economic realities.

- Marx, Karl. "Critique of the Gotha Programme." *Marx/Engels Selected Works*, vol. 3, Progress Publishers, 1970. https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1875/gotha/

- McLellan, David. *Karl Marx: Selected Writings*. Oxford University Press, 2000. https://books.google.com/books/about/Karl_Marx.html?hl=de&id=yTWcAQAAQBAJ

- Sperber, Jonathan. *Karl Marx: A Nineteenth-Century Life*. Liveright Publishing, 2017. https://books.google.com/books/about/Karl_Marx_A_Nineteenth_Century_Life.html?hl=de&id=hBpSh9JYAKcC
South Capitol Street

South Capitol Street is a major thoroughfare in Washington, D.C. It runs north-south, dividing the city into east and west quadrants. Known for its proximity to important landmarks, including Nationals Park (home of the Washington Nationals baseball team) and the U.S. Capitol, South Capitol Street plays a significant role in the city's transportation network. Additionally, ongoing urban development projects have aimed to enhance the area's infrastructure and connectivity.
Umbrella organization

An umbrella organization is an association of organisations who work together. It may provides resources and often identities to the smaller organizations. It may deal with the government. It is sometimes responsible, to some degree, for the groups under its care. 

Leptomantis rufipes

The Malaysian flying frog or red-legged tree frog ("Leptomantis rufipes") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia and Malaysia. People have seen it 950 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that human beings have not changed. This frog lays eggs in foam nests on plants over water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but human beings continue to cut down the forests where it lives.

Stockton and Darlington Railway

The Stockton and Darlington Railway was a railway company in north-east England from 1825 to 1863. It was the world's first public railway to use steam locomotives. Its first line connected collieries near Shildon with Darlington and Stockton in County Durham. It was opened on 27 September 1825. The movement of coal to ships was profitable. The line was soon extended to a new port at Middlesbrough. Coal waggons were hauled by steam locomotives from the start, passengers were carried in coaches drawn by horses until carriages hauled by steam locomotives were introduced in 1833.

It was involved in building the East Coast Main Line between York and Darlington, but its main expansion was at Middlesbrough Docks and west into Weardale and east to Redcar. It suffered severe financial difficulties at the end of the 1840s and was nearly taken over by the York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway, before the discovery of iron ore in Cleveland and the subsequent increase in income meant it could pay its debts. At the beginning of the 1860s it took over railways that had crossed the Pennines to join the West Coast Main Line at and Clifton, near .

The company was taken over by the North Eastern Railway in 1863, transferring of line and about 160 locomotives, but it continued to operate independently as the Darlington Section until 1876. The anniversary was celebrated in 1875, 1925 and 1975. Much of the original route is now served by the Tees Valley Line, operated by Northern.

Marland Heights, West Virginia

Marland Heights is an locked off community in Hancock County, West Viriginia, United States.

HQ Sagittarii

HQ Sagittarii is a cold red supergiant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 54,000 light years away from earth

If HQ Sagittarii was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, and even Jupiter, Because HQ Sagittarii's size was 1,187-1,358 times large as the sun

IRAS 18477-0112

IRAS 18477-0112 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Aquila, the star is located at around 31,000 light years away from earth

If IRAS 18477-0112 was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, and even Jupiter, Because IRAS 18477-0112's size was 1,392 to 1,611 times large as the sun

V1943 Sagittarii

V1943 Sagittarii, also named HD 190643, CD -27° 14534, CP -27° 6937 or IRAS 20038-2722, is a red hypergiant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 15,000 light years away from earth

The name HD 190643 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 190,643rd stars in the Henry Draper catalogue, however, the star doesn't have HR numbers, Because the star is too faint to visible by naked eye

The name HIP 99082 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 99,082nd stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 188923 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 188,923rd stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

If V1943 Sagittarii was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, Jupiter, and even Saturn, Because V1943 Sagittarii's size was 2,243 to 2,479 times large as the sun

Mingrelian language

Megrelian (Megrelian: მეგრული ენა) is a language of the Zan family within the Kartvelian languages. Along with Georgian, Megrelian is closer to Laz than to any of them individually — to Svan.

According to 1989 data, there are approximately 500,000 Georgians who consider Megrelian their native language, most of whom live in the Samegrelo region of Georgia. The region extends from the Black Sea coast near the Zegani and Kolcheti lowlands to the mountains of Svaneiti in the northeast and from the northwest to the east to the river Chkheri and beyond to the east. A significant portion of the Megrelian-speaking population (over 40,000 individuals) also resides in Abkhazia. A relatively large number of Megrelian speakers (over 100,000 people) live in the capital of Georgia. After the Abkhazian conflict, a part of the displaced Megrelian-speaking population (approximately 50,000 individuals) left for Russia and continues to live there. UNESCO included Megrelian in the list of endangered languages due to various threats.

Megrelian is written in the Georgian script and includes 33 letters of the alphabet, along with the rare letter "ჸ" (e.g., "ჸუდე" - house, "ჸორადილი" - window, "ჸუჯი" - ear, etc.) and the interdental sonorant "ჷ". Older written texts are primarily ethnographic literature. Several newspapers were printed in Megrelian between 1930-38, including "Kazaki," "Komuna," "Samargalos Chai," "Samargalos Tutumi," and "Makhorkhali." A certain amount of editorial work was done to revive the language, including the publication of Megrelian-Georgian and Megrelian-German dictionaries. Givi Eliava published a Megrelian-Georgian dictionary. In the 1960s, Kaka Zvaniani translated and published "Vepkhistkaosani" into Megrelian. Books in Megrelian poetry were published by Lasha Gakaria, Guri Otoia, and Giorgi Sichinava. Giorgi Sichinava edited the Megrelian literary journal "Jurnalioni" in 2000, and in 2006, the newspaper "Mapshalia" was published, which covered various topics.
Lucas Braathen

Lucas Pinheiro Braathen (born 19 April 2000) is a Brazilian-Norwegian World Cup alpine ski racer.

He will be representing Brazil, starting in 2024.

He is sponsored by Red Bull (as of 2024).

His most important results in competitions (as of 2024's first quarter)

Boca Ráton Championship Wrestling

Boca Raton Championship Wrestling is a professional wrestling promotion based in Boca Raton, Florida. Founded in 2022 by Neil Glazier and Matthew H. Maschler. Glazier, a former banker, serves as the vice president of BRCW.

BRCW held its inaugural event in May 2022 at The Boca Black Box. In 2023, Coastal Championship Wrestling along with Matthew Mania held it's first show. Wrestlers including former WWE, NXT, Impact, and AEW stars have joined BRCW. In its first year, BRCW crowned Lakay, a Haitian wrestler trained by Gangrel, as its first BRCW World Heavyweight Champion. BRCW's ""Challenge Accepted"" event was held on May 7th, 2023. The event featured multiple championship matches, including LAKAY winning the "BRCW Heavyweight Championship" and MJ Jenkins defending the BRCW Women's Championship against Deonna Purrazzo. A 25-man Battle Royal and appearances by reality TV stars, wrestlers from other promotions were also part of the event.

Felipe de Neve

Felipe De Neve ("b." 1728; "d." 21 August 1784), Spanish governor of California. Born in Bailén, Spain, Neve entered military service as a cadet in 1744, subsequently serving in Cantabria, Flanders, Milan, and Portugal. He came to New Spain in 1764, and saw duty in Querétaro he accompanied Juan de Villabla to New Spain. Neve's initial assignment was as sergeant major in the provincial cavalry of Querétaro. At that juncture Spanish efforts centered on attracting recruits into units of local militia, but Neve's enlistment efforts resulted in his being driven from Pátzcuaro (Michoacán)
(137108) 1999 AN10

- Asteroid 137108 1999 AN10 is a kilometer-length near-Earth asteroid and potentially hazardous asteroid of the Apollo group projected to pass Earth on August 7, 2027 (or 2026). It was discovered 25 years ago, by LINEAR, on January 13, 1999. It is VERY unlikely that the asteroid will collide with Earth for the course of many many years, with a percent chance of 0.0001%.

CEU Press

The Central European University Press, commonly known as the CEU Press, abbreviated as CEUP, is an academic publisher of the Central European University. It is in Budapest and New York City.

The CEU Press began in 1993, after the Central European University opened in 1991. Its language of publication is English.

Iraqi insurgency (2003-2011)

An Iraqi Insurgency started after the 2003 American invasion and the removal of Saddam Husayn from power. The insurgency lasted until the end of the Iraq War which caused another Iraqi Insurgency which lasted from 2011-2013. The insurgency was diverse with different sects and religions that would normally be enemies fighting against the US forces together. However this alliance later broke apart and later caused a civil war in Iraq.

Nika riots

The Nika Revolt

The Nika Revolt was a devastating event in Constantinople that threatened the life of and reign of Emperor Justinian. The event killed over a tenth of the population of Constantinople and destroyed half of the Great City. The Nika Revolt, the cause of all the death and destruction, is also called the Nika Riots and the Nika Uprising. The Nika Revolt was an attempt to overthrow Justinian, however, despite the name, which means victory, they did not succeed, and it ended in many tragic deaths and the destruction of Constantinople.

The Nika revolt started in the Hippodrome of Constantinople in January 532 AD. The term Nika is derived from the Greek word Nike, meaning victory. The rioters used the term Nika as a slogan during the rebellion. It began when members of the Blue and Green groups "caused a disturbance after a chariot race and were sentenced to execution and arrested for murder"(Cyril). Another direct cause was public discontent over the policies enacted under Justinian I.

The Nika Revolt was a response to the policies enacted under Emperor Justinian I, which caused public discontent. Justinian was criticized for his continuous taxation of the people and for allowing his appointees to enforce their will on the population without consequences. Vedran states, "These factors played a significant role in the uprising of the Blues and Greens, who allied with each other to overthrow the emperor." The policies enacted under Emperor Justinian I caused public discontent among the people, which played a significant role in the uprising of the Blues and Greens. They allied with each other to overthrow the emperor during the Nika Revolt.

Emperor Justinian had more pressing matters, negotiating peace terms with Rome’s nemesis, Sassanian Persia. He was also preparing for the grand event - the chariot races at the Hippodrome. But the factions, too, "were responsible for ensuring that the emperor was duly honored"(Cyril). Even though the Blues and Greens have been constantly clashing, they have allied. The mob first attacked the Praetorium, where the prison was located, freeing the prisoners and burning the building down. 

The next day Justinian returned to the Hippodrome in his last attempt to make peace with the rioters. He accepted new demands and got rid of the unpopular high officials. But this was not enough, as the riot continued. Some senators saw this as an opportunity to overthrow Justinian, "as they opposed his new taxes and his lack of support for the people of high rank"(Vedran). The rioters, now armed and probably controlled by their allies in the Senate, also demanded that Emperor Justinian dismiss the prefect John the Cappadocian, who was responsible for collecting the taxes, and the quaestor Tribonian, who was responsible for rewriting the legal code.  

Trapped in the Great Palace, Emperor Justinian was powerless to stop the revolt as the mob ran psycho, causing widespread destruction. Some of the most magnificent buildings were destroyed in the great fire that occurred as a result of the Nika Revolt, "including the Senate House and the church of Hagia Sophia, built by Emperor Theodosius"("All About Turkey"). On the fifth day of the riot, in the late afternoon, Emperor Justinian gave orders to Hypatius and Pompeius, nephews of the late emperor, Anastasius, to go home as quickly as possible, either because circumstances brought them to this or he feared that the people would force them to the throne. They said that they would be doing wrong if they should abandon their Emperor when he found himself in such danger. When Emperor Justinian heard this, he inclined more to his suspicion and made them depart the palace instantly.  

As Justinian and his counselors contemplated over whether to leave the capital, Empress Theodora counseled resolve, although the speech is likely a rhetorical set-piece. Her speech changed Justinian’s mind so he did not leave the capital but stayed to defend his reign. Because of her speech, Justinian and Theodora did not lose their purple (royalty) but saved their reign over the Byzantine Empire for another 33 years. Theodora’s speech at one of Justinian’s council meetings concluded:

"My opinion then is that the present time, above all others, is inopportune for flight, even though it brings safety. For a while, it is impossible for a man who has seen the light not also to die for one who has been an emperor, it is unendurable to be a fugitive. May I never be separated from this purple, and may I not live that day on which those who meet me shall not address me as mistress."

After the soldiers sealed all the exits, trapping the mob, a lengthy slaughter transpired. Justinian then dealt with the ringleaders, including his challenger Hypatius, who was executed.  The Nika Revolt caused lots of death: "By the end of the day, some 30,000 people lay dead" (Robert). The Nika Riot represented a week-long rebellion in Constantinople in response to the rule of Justinian I. The Nika Riot was a devastating event that threatened the life and reign of Justinian.

After the failure of the Nika Riots, the power of circus factions was crushed for good. The Greens and Blues retained only the ceremonial function. Justinian finally removed the threat "of the great and devastating Nika Revolt"("Britannica"). Now that his position was secure, Justinian directed his attention to the rebuilding of Constantinople, and the realization of his dream to reconquer the West Roman Empire. The Nika Revolt was one of the most violent incidents in the history of Istanbul.

The results of the Nika Revolt were devastating. Over 30,000 people lay dead in the Hippodrome and throughout Constantinople, and the capital lay in ruins. There were a few causes of so much death and destruction. First, an emperor who taxed his people continuously and allowed his appointees to enforce their will on the population without consequences. Second, a population who no longer wished to see such a ruler in office. Finally, an empress whose words and ambitions had an impactful effect on her husband that resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands.
He Would Be Sixteen

"He Would Be Sixteen" is a 1992 song by country singer Michelle Wright and is the third single from her third studio album "Now and Then". It went to number 31 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks. It was nominated for a Juno Award in 1994.

Australosomus

Australosomus ("southern body") is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Lower Triassic. 

Fossils have been found in Greenland, Kenya, Tanzania, Madagascar, South Africa and Canada (British Columbia). Most "Australosomus" species were marine, except the ones from Africa.

It is said that "Australosomus" was a small predator that ambushed other fish. As mentioned before, it lived in both marine and freshwater habitats.

A small to medium-sized fish, "Australosomus" had a forked caudal fin. The body was tapered and long. It had a dorsal fin and an anal fin, which was placed in a backward position.

"Australosomus" is from the Pholidopleuriformes, a small order of ray-finned fish typical of the Triassic.

"Australosomus" was first described by Jean Piveteau in 1930. The type species, "Australosomus merlei", was called "Pristisomus merlei" at the time by Ferdinand Priem.



Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet

The Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet models are a multi-role fighter aircrafts, derived from the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18A/B Hornets, The Key differences between the two is the increased wingspan (which was increased from 27.5 to 40.4ft) to make room for more weapons, the Intakes are different, the Classic Hornet, has rounded intakes, the Super Hornet has rectangular intakes. The F/A-18E is the Single Seat Variant, the F is the Duel Seat Variant, and the (which comes from the F/A-18F variant) is the Electronic Variant.

Origins of the Super Hornets were to replace the United States Navy’s aging F-14 Fleet, The F-14’s were getting old and the Classic Hornets were made to replace earlier models of the F-14. 

The testing and production went well for Boeing, the F/A-18’s were slowly phasing out the older F-14B’s, and from 2006 until the 2020’s the US Navy’s fleet was all Hornet variants until the F-35C Lightning II was introduced into the Navy.

All users of the Super Hornets are;

United States - Operating 512 airframes of the Super Hornet and 155 Growlers, all for the United States Navy

Australia - Operating 24 F/A-18F Super Hornets based at , and 12 E/A-18G Growlers based at , all are being operated by the Royal Australian Air force, Based at 

Kuwait - 28 F/A-18E/F Super Hornets on order, for the Kuwait Air Force

The Armament of the Super Hornets Includes;


Ansar al-Tawhid (Syria)

Ansar al-Tawhid (Supporters of Monotheism) are a militant group in the Syrian civil war. The group is mostly made up of former Jund al-Aqsa members and the group was allied with Al-Qaeda until May 2020. The group shows sympathy to HTS and Daesh with some of their members being former members of Daesh.

Mr. Crowley

"Mr. Crowley" is a 1981 song by English heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne and was taken from his debut studio album "Blizzard of Ozz". A live version was released as a single in the United Kingdom and the studio version was released as a single in the United Kingdom.

Boris Janicek

Boris Janicek born on July 5, 1973 in Villiers-le-Bel, France is a Franco-Israeli entrepreneur and business leader.

Janicek graduated from in 1999. Before that, he studied international law at the and .

He started working at L'Oréal in 1999, where he held various marketing and business development positions in different parts of the world, including Israel, the United States, France, Eastern Europe, and Central Asia. In 2008, he became a general manager in the Netherlands, and in 2011, he was appointed Deputy General Manager of the Professional Products Division for Europe.

In 2013, Janicek left L'Oréal and founded State of Brand, a company that advises on brand management. He worked on projects for the Estée Lauder Companies, focusing on the brand in India and the Middle East. Later, he joined Clinique, overseeing operations in the Benelux region and later becoming the head of the French subsidiary.

In 2017, Janicek became CEO of at the and received a nomination for the First 100 Days Award, recognizing outstanding leadership performance.

In 2019, he joined division to manage Wine Estates, which included vineyards in various countries.

Since 2021, Janicek has been based in Israel, where he returned to the Estée Lauder Companies to lead the Estée Lauder brand in the local market. He was later appointed global Chief Brand Officer of the Sabon brand within the .

Janicek has been involved with , a non-profit organization promoting diversity and equal opportunities in French society. He also teaches at and EDHEC Business School.

Misery and Gin

"Misery and Gin" is a 1980 song by Merle Haggard and is the leading single from his 31st studio album "Back to the Barrooms". It was used in the 1980 movie "Bronco Billy" and went to number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 4 on the Canadian RPM Country Track chart. It was covered by Billy Dean in 1994.

Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun

"Set the Controls for the Heart" is a 1968 song by Pink Floyd. It was written by Roger Waters and is the third track from their second studio album "A Saucerful of Secrets". It was also used on their live album "Ummagumma". It was meant to be released as a single but it was vetoed by the band.

Red High Heels (song)

"Red High Heels" is the first single by American singer-songwriter Kellie Pickler.

The music video for "Red High Heels" was directed by Chris Hicky. The video premiered on October 26, 2006, on CMT.

Pickpocket (movie)

Pickpocket is a 1959 French crime drama movie directed by Robert Bresson and starring Martin LaSalle, Marika Green, Jean Pélégri, Pierre Étaix, Henri Kassagi, Pierre Leymarie.

If 6 Was 9

"If 6 Was 9" is a 1968 song by English band The Jimi Hendrix Experience. It was released from their second studio album "" and appeared on the soundtracks to Easy Rider in 1969 and Point Break in 1991.

Grace O'Malley

Gráinne O'Malley, also known as Grace O'Malley, was a remarkable woman from Ireland who lived from around 1530 to about 1603. She hailed from the Ó Máille dynasty in the western part of Ireland, and her father was .

After her father's death, Gráinne stepped into a leadership role, even though she had a brother named Dónal an Phíopa Ó Máille. She married Dónal an Chogaidh Ó , which added to her wealth and influence. She was said to have owned a significant number of cows and horses, around 1,000 of them!

In 1593, when English soldiers captured her sons and half-brother, Gráinne sailed to England to seek Queen Elizabeth I's help in getting them released. Her journey was a daring move, especially for a woman in those times.

Gráinne's life story mostly comes from English sources, as she isn't mentioned much in Irish records. In Irish folklore, however, she's known as Gráinne Mhaol or Granuaile and is celebrated as a significant figure in Irish history.

During Gráinne's lifetime, Ireland was undergoing significant changes due to increasing English control. Despite the challenges she faced, she emerged as a strong leader, a savvy negotiator, and a fearless fighter.

She challenged the norms of her era, defying expectations and doing things that few women dared to do. Her courage and determination made her a legendary figure, admired for her independence and resilience.

Gráinne's legacy lives on through the songs, stories, and plays inspired by her remarkable life. Even today, she continues to be a symbol of female empowerment and strength.

Her story resonates with people around the world, reminding us that women have always played vital roles in history, even when their contributions were overlooked or underestimated.

Gráinne O'Malley's adventures on land and sea captivated the imaginations of many, showcasing her as a true hero who defied conventions and fought for what she believed in.

Despite facing hardships and opposition, Gráinne remained unwavering in her pursuit of justice and freedom for her family and people.

She navigated treacherous waters, both literal and figurative, with courage and resilience, earning her the nickname "The Pirate Queen."

Gráinne's encounters with Queen Elizabeth I and her daring exploits at sea have become the stuff of legend, immortalizing her as one of history's most fascinating figures.

Her leadership and determination continue to inspire generations of women and girls to dream big and defy expectations.

Gráinne's story reminds us that strength and courage know no gender and that anyone, regardless of their background or circumstances, can rise above adversity and make a lasting impact.

Her willingness to challenge authority and fight for what was right made her a beloved figure in Irish history and a symbol of resistance against oppression.

Even in her later years, Gráinne remained a force to be reckoned with, refusing to back down in the face of adversity and always standing up for her beliefs.

Though the details of her life may be shrouded in myth and legend, Gráinne O'Malley's legacy continues to inspire and captivate people of all ages and backgrounds.

Her story serves as a testament to the power of perseverance, resilience, and the indomitable spirit of the human soul. Gráinne O'Malley will forever be remembered as a true Irish hero and a beacon of hope for generations to come.

Gráinne's impact extended far beyond her own lifetime, influencing artists, musicians, and writers to create works that celebrate her extraordinary life and achievements.

From Patrick Pearse's poetic lyrics to modern-day songs and plays, Gráinne's story has been immortalized in various forms of art, ensuring that her legacy endures for future generations to admire and draw inspiration from.

Today, statues, parks, and even ships bear her name, serving as tangible reminders of Gráinne O'Malley's enduring legacy and her enduring place in Irish history and culture.

Gabe Serbian

Gabriel Serbian was an American drummer, guitarist and vocalist. He became famous for his work in The Locust, Cattle Decapitation, Holy Molar and Zu. He was also a member of Head Wound City, a hardcore/punk rock supergroup.

Serbian died on April 30, 2022, the day before his 45th birthday.

American modern architecture

American modern architecture was a movement or style that occurred in the United States approximately between the 1890s and the 1980s.

The term refers to the buildings and architects of modernism or modern architecture in English, which had nothing to do with the meaning of the term (linked to "Art Nouveau") in the Iberian Peninsula, before the World War II, what is called in English "modernisme".

In some romance languages, such as Brazilian Portuguese, the term modernismo or arquitetura moderna is similar to its meaning in English.

The modern movement or international style does not have a homogeneous name in all countries and languages. In many, the term ""International" "Style"" is used.

A synonymous term is "“Modern Movement”", from the book "Pioneers of Modern Movement from William Morris to Walter Gropius" (1936), by Nikolaus Pevsner.

The word "modernism" comes from a book by Hitchcock and Johnson. They were the first to group and define the style of "modernism" globally, focusing on its design aspects. The International Style's main ideas are part of the larger modern movement.

Modern architecture uses new building technologies like glass, steel and reinforced concrete.

It believes that a building's shape should be based on its purpose (functionalism), prefers simplicity, and often avoids decoration and ornament (minimalism).

Frank Lloyd Wright was a unique and independent US architect who did not follow any specific architectural group. He learned from Louis Sullivan in Chicago, who developed early skyscrapers and believed in designing buildings based on their purpose. Wright broke traditional design rules, creating famous "Prairie Houses" with simple, earthy designs and horizontal lines, reflecting the vast American prairie. His buildings, like the Larkin Building and Unity Temple, were innovative and did not mimic past styles.

In the late 1800s, the US saw its first skyscrapers, built due to limited land and new technology like steel frames and safer elevators.

The Home Insurance Building in Chicago, completed in 1883, was the world's first and briefly tallest skyscraper.

Early skyscrapers mixed modern structures with traditional decorations. The Woolworth Building, finished in 1912, was notable for its modern design and neo-Gothic exterior.

Architecture at this time was eclectic, often not reflecting the new technologies available.

In the 1920s and 1930s, Wright created an architectural style, separate from any movement. He experimented with houses inspired by Mayan civilization and modular homes. Wright called his design "Usonian," aiming for an ideal, organic community. The Great Depression impacted his work, limiting him to few projects like Fallingwater, blending architecture with nature.

Meanwhile, architects like Rudolph Schindler and Richard Neutra brought modernist designs to America, contributing significant works like the Lovell Beach House and Kaufmann Desert House. 

In the 1930s, fleeing the Nazis after the closure of the Bauhaus, architects and artists such as Mies van der Rohe, Moholy-Nagy, and others went to US, founded the "New Bauhaus" in Chicago and taught at several university centers, such as Black Mountain College.

The International Style started in Europe with the Bauhaus in the late 1920s. By 1932, it was officially recognized and named by Philip Johnson and Henry-Russell Hitchcock. Originally, it aimed to combine craftsmanship and architecture, but later focused more on using materials like glass and concrete, leading to the construction of many skyscrapers.

Walter Gropius founded the Bauhaus and later moved to the US, influencing architecture at Harvard with Marcel Breuer. Their work and teaching, especially with students like I.M. Pei and Philip Johnson, shaped modern architecture.

Gropius's notable projects include the Harvard Graduate School of Design and the Pan American Airways headquarters.

Mies van der Rohe, another key figure, advanced modern architecture in Chicago, creating iconic buildings like the Farnsworth House and the Seagram Building. As director of the school of architecture at what is now the Illinois Institute of Technology influenced architects like Philip Johnson and Eero Saarinen.

Richard Neutra and Eames couple were key in bringing the new architectural style to US homes.

The Eames House, their most famous work, showcases Japanese influences with its simple, natural materials and steel structure.

Neutra's work in Los Angeles emphasized the transition between indoors and outdoors through glass walls. His Constance Perkins House used affordable materials and was designed with the owner's stature in mind, featuring a unique reflecting pool. 

Many of the notable modern buildings of the post-war years were produced by two mega-architectural agencies.

The company Skidmore, Owings & Merrill was founded in Chicago in 1936 by Louis Skidmore and Nathaniel Owings, and joined in 1939 by engineer John Merrill, soon becoming SOM. His first major project was the "Oak Ridge National Laboratory" in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, the gigantic government facility that produced plutonium for the first nuclear weapons. The company's later buildings include Yale University 's Beinecke Library (1963), the Willis Tower, formerly "the Sears Tower" in Chicago (1973), and One World Trade Center in New York (2013), which replaced the building destroyed in September 11, 2001.

Wallace Harrison played an important role in the history of modern New York architecture; he helped design Rockefeller Center, the premier "Art Deco" architectural project of the 1930s. He was supervising architect of the 1939-40 New York World's Fair and, with his partner Max Abramowitz, was the builder of the UN headquarters; Harrison led a committee of international architects, which included Oscar Niemeyer and Le Corbusier. 

Wright was 80 in 1947; he was present at the beginnings of modern American architecture and influenced it, but never aligning with any movement. His notable last work includes the Florida Southern College campus, completed between 1941 and 1943, featuring nine buildings known as "The Child of the Sun." Wright aimed for the campus to symbolize growth and harmony with nature.

Frank Lloyd Wright designed other notable projects in the 1940s, including the Johnson Wax headquarters and Bartlesville Tower, featuring a unique structure with a central core. He adapted a New York City apartment building design for Oklahoma, emphasizing its stand-alone feature in a less crowded setting. Wright's innovative approach also led to the design of the Guggenheim Museum, a revolutionary spiral ramp museum, started in 1946 and completed in 1959, the year he passed away. His work influenced architecture locally and internationally, with others (like Fred Bassetti) following the international style. 



Digital Counters

A digital counter is an electronic device that keeps track of how many times something happens. It is a special counting tool that works with electrical signals instead of fingers or beads.

Imagine a machine that fills bottles with juice. A digital counter could be used to count the number of bottles filled. Each time a bottle is filled, the counter would tick up by one. 


The two main types are synchronous and asynchronous.

 * Computers (keeping track of instructions)
 * TVs (changing channels)

In short, digital counters are a fundamental part of many electronic devices, helping them keep track of events and processes.
Right to Buy

The Housing Act 1980 gave tenants in the United Kingdom the Right to Buy their home at a large discount. Gerald Kaufman, then in the Labour Party Shadow Cabinet and a former Environment Minister himself, said the Act would "not provide a single new home and [would] deprive many homeless people or families living in tower blocks from getting suitable accommodation".

More than 2 million homes had been bought by 2024. Very few homes to rent had been built to replace them. 

Orange Polska

Orange Polska (formerly Telekomunikacja Polska) is a Polish telecommunications provider established in December 1991. It is a public company traded on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, with a controlling stake owned by Orange S.A., which controls over 50%. It operates public telephones, ISDN, GSM 900/1800 network (+ 3G , 4G and 5G ), ADSL, IDSL, fibre Internet, ATM and Inmarsat.

Telekomunikacja Polska was started in December 1991 as a joint stock company under the control of the State Treasury, following the split-up of the communist era state-owned Polska Poczta, Telegraf i Telefon. On 1 January 1992, the company began operations under the name of 'TP SA'. The company changed its ownership structure in 1998 and began trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange in 2000. In the same year, the Treasury sold a 35% stake in TPSA to a consortium of France Télécom and Kulczyk Holding, with the consortium increasing its stake by a further 12.5% in 2001.

On 21 December 2007, TP SA was fined PLN 75 million (approximately EUR 20.7 million) by the for discriminating against its competitors on the internet services market.

It was fully privatised in May 2010.

Ellimmichthyiformes

Ellimmichthyiformes is an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Lower Cretaceous to the Oligocene. It is related to the order Clupeiformes. They are also known as double-armored herrings.

This lineage was ultimately demolished by the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. The last genus, "Guiclupea", was a freshwater fish. It was also the youngest of them all.

The ellimmichthyiforms were small and most genera did not exceed 10 cm. One of the most famous and well-known genera was "Diplomystus". Some of the representatives had strange shapes. For example, "Rhombichthys" had a deep body.


"Diplomystus" is possibly the most famous genus of the Ellimmichthyiformes. It was a freshwater fish. It had seven species.

"Rhombichthys" was a bizarre-looking fish. It had a very deep body because of its high dorsal fin.

"Armigatus" lived during the Cretaceous. It means "bearer of armor". It did not exceed 10 cm in length.

"Gasteroclupea" resembled a fish of the genus "Pristigaster". This was mainly due to convergent evolution, so it is not related to "Pristigaster".


Climate of Belgium

Belgium is a small country located in Europe, it has a mostly continental climate, especially in the Belgian Ardennes. However the Belgian coast experiences an oceanic climate.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Belgium was on 25 July 2019 in Begijnendijk. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Belgium was on 20 January 1940 in Rochefort. 

The highest 24-hour precipitation sum recorded in Belgium was 179 millimeters on 14 July 2021 in Stavelot.

The highest wind gust ever recorded in Belgium was on 25 January 1990 in Beauvechain. 

Sole-shareholder company of the State Treasury

A Sole-shareholder company of the State Treasury is a company established in Poland. These companies were set up to commercialize the state-owned businesses after the end of communism in Poland.

The assets of the state-owned enterprise became the assets of the company, and the sum of the company's share capital and supplementary capital is equal to the funds of the state-owned enterprise. Employees of a commercialized enterprise became, by law, employees of the company. Employees of an enterprise transformed into a joint-stock company had the right to acquire 15% of shares owned by the State Treasury free of charge. The same privilege applies to suppliers of raw materials to the company.

A significant number of state-owned companies inherited from the Polish People's Republic are criticized as unprofitable and encouraging nepotism  and the extortion of public money .

In 2012, there were 223 companies in which the rights from shares were exercised by the Minister of the Treasury..

Free area of the Republic of China

The Free Area of the Republic of China or simply Taiwan Area is the term used to refer to territories that are not under the control of the People's Republic of China and the Chinese Communist Party since the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949.


Government of Poland

The Government of Poland is a parliamentary representative democratic republic. The president is the head of state and the prime minister is the head of government. It has been called semi-presidential.

It is a multi-party system, where the president and the Government, which consists of the Council of Ministers is led by the prime minister. Its members are mostly chosen from the majority party or coalition, in the "Sejm". The government is formally announced by the president after an election, and must pass a motion of confidence in the "Sejm" within two weeks.

Legislative power is in the two chambers of parliament, "Sejm" and Senate. Members of Sejm are elected by proportional representation. Non-ethnic-minority parties must gain at least 5% of the national vote to enter the lower house. Currently five parties are represented. Parliamentary elections are at least every four years.

The president, as the head of state, is the supreme commander of the Armed Forces. They have the power to veto legislation passed by parliament, which may be overridden by a majority of three fifths. They can dissolve the parliament under certain conditions. Presidential elections are every five years. When a majority of voters support the same candidate, that candidate is declared the winner, while when there is no majority, the top two candidates participate in a runoff election.

The political system is defined in the Polish Constitution, which also guarantees a wide range of individual freedoms. The judicial branch plays a minor role in politics, apart from the Constitutional Tribunal, which can annul laws that violate the freedoms guaranteed in the constitution.

William J. Rapaport

William J. Rapaport is a philosopher who is an Associate Professor Emeritus of the University at Buffalo.
Buzz (mascot)

Buzz is the current mascot of the Georgia Institute of Technology. 

He is portrayed as a Yellow Jacket with yellow-and-black stripes, wearing white gloves, and converse shoes.
Shotgun (George Ezra song)

"Shotgun" is a 2018 song by George Ezra and is the third single from his second studio album "Staying at Tamara's". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It went to number 2 in Denmark, number 3 in Israel and the Netherlands, number 4 in Austria and Switzerland and number 12 in Germany.

New Cambria, Missouri

New Cambria is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Democratic Left Alliance (Poland)

The Democratic Left Alliance was a social-democratic political party in Poland. It was formed on 9 July 1991 as an electoral alliance of centre-left parties. It became a single party on 15 April 1999. It was the major coalition party in Poland between 1993 and 1997, and between 2001 and 2005, with four Prime ministers coming from the party: Józef Oleksy, Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz, Leszek Miller and Marek Belka. It then faded into opposition, overshadowed by the rise of Civic Platform and Law and Justice.

In February 2020, the party initiated a process to absorb the Spring party, choosing the name New Left (), and changing to a more modern logo.

The party was a member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance.

Abortion in France

Abortion in France is legal when asked for until 14 weeks after conception, which is 16 weeks after the pregnant woman's last menstrual period). Abortions at later stages of pregnancy up until birth are allowed if two physicians agree that the abortion will be done to prevent harm to the physical or mental health of the pregnant woman or a risk to the life of the pregnant woman, or that the child will have a very bad illness that has no cure.

Several reforms happened in the 21st century, making access to abortion easier. The ten-week limit was extended to fourteen weeks in 2022. Since 2001, minors do not need parental consent. A pregnant girl under the age of 18 can ask for an abortion without asking her parents first if she is brought to the clinic by an adult that she chose. That adult must not tell her parents or anyone else about the abortion.

After the United States Supreme Court's ruling in "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization", Mathilde Panot, French MP and President of the La France insoumise parliamentary group, submitted a bill to the French National Assembly. It was made to protect the right to a safe abortion for women in the French Constitution. It passed on a 337–32 vote on 24 November 2023. In January 2024, the National Assembly voted in favor of the constitutional amendment 433-30. For the amendment to be added to the constitution, it then passed through the Senate by a 267-50 vote in February.

On 4 March 2024, Parliament amended Article 34 in a 780 to 72 vote. This amendment made France, as of when the amendment passed, the only nation to guarantee the right to an abortion in the constitution. The amendment describes abortion as a "guaranteed freedom".

South Gifford, Missouri

South Gifford is a village in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Polish United Workers' Party

The Polish United Workers' Party, (PZPR), was the communist party which ruled the Polish People's Republic as a one-party state from 1948 to 1989. It was based on the theories of Marxism-Leninism, with a strong emphasis on left-wing nationalism. It had total control over public institutions in the country as well as the Polish People's Army, the Ministry of Public Security, the Citizens' Militia police force and the media.

The falsified 1947 Polish legislative election granted the Communist Polish Workers' Party complete political authority in post-war Poland. The PZPR was founded in December 1948 by joining it to the Polish Socialist Party. From 1952 onward, the position of "First Secretary" of the Polish United Workers' Party was really Poland's head of state. Throughout its existence it was very close to ideologically-similar parties of the Eastern Bloc, like the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, Communist Party of Czechoslovakia and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Between 1948 and 1954, nearly 1.5 million people were Polish United Workers' Party members, and membership rose to 3 million by 1980.

The party's main aim was to impose socialist agenda into Polish society. The communist government sought to improve the living standards of the proletariat, make education and healthcare available to all, establish a centralized planned economy, nationalize all institutions and provide internal or external security with a strong armed force. Some ideas imported from abroad, such as large-scale collective farming and secularization, failed in their early stages. The PZPR was more liberal and pro-Western than its counterparts in East Germany or the Soviet Union, and was more averse to radical politics. Although propaganda was used in major media outlets like "Trybuna Ludu" () and televised "Dziennik" ('Journal'), censorship stopped working by the mid-1980s and was gradually abolished. The Polish United Worker's Party was responsible for the brutal pacification of civil resistance and protesters in the Poznań protests of 1956, the 1970 Polish protests and throughout martial law between 1981 and 1983. It started a bitter anti-Semitic campaign during the 1968 Polish political crisis, which forced most of the last of Poland's Jews to emigrate.

In 1980 the Solidarity movement emerged as a major anti-bureaucratic social movement that pursued social change. With communist rule being relaxed in neighbouring countries, the PZPR lost support and was forced to negotiate with the opposition and adhere to the Polish Round Table Agreement, which permitted free democratic elections. The elections on 4 June 1989 proved victorious for Solidarity, bringing 40-year communist rule in Poland to an end. The Polish United Workers' Party was dissolved in January 1990.

List of countries by income equality

Leptomantis cyanopunctatus

The blue-spotted bush frog or blue-spotted tree frog ("Leptomantis cyanopunctatus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Singapore. Scientists think it could also live in Brunei. People have seen it between 0 and 600 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have been cut down and grown back. The forests grow in swamps, on flat ground, and up hills. Male frogs sit on plants 2.5 meters above the ground near streams and call for the females. Scientists believe that the female frog lays eggs in streams.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. The frog may be in some danger because human beings cut down the forests where it lives. Some of the places the frog lives are protected parks.

Sometimes people catch this frog for medical research.

Islamic University of Gaza

The Islamic University of Gaza (), also known as IUG and IU Gaza, is an independent Palestinian university. It was founded in 1978 in Gaza City. It was the first university to be founded in the Gaza Strip. The university has 11 faculties that can award BA, BSc, MA, MSc, MD, PhD, diplomas and higher diplomas. It also has 20 research centers and the affiliated Turkish-Palestinian Friendship Hospital.

The Islamic University of Gaza is a member of twelve regional and international associations and networks of higher education. These include the International Association of Universities (IAU), Mediterranean Universities Union (UNIMED), Association of Arab Universities (AAU), Federation of the Universities of the Islamic World (FUIW), Black Sea and Eastern Mediterranean Academic Network (BSEMAN), and the Global University Network for Innovation-GUNi.

The Islamic University was damaged in airstrikes during the 2008–2009 Gaza war, the 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict, and the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. In December 2023, Professor Sufyan Tayeh, the University's president, was killed in an Israeli airstrike on Jabalia refugee camp. His family also died in the airstrike.

Polish People's Army

The Polish People's Army was the second formation of the Polish Armed Forces in the East in 1943–1945, and in 1945–1989 the armed forces of the Polish communist state, the Polish People's Republic. It was under the command of the Polish Workers' Party and then the Polish United Workers' Party. The communist-led Polish armed forces, allowed by Joseph Stalin, were the result of efforts made in the early 1940s in the Soviet Union by Wanda Wasilewska and Zygmunt Berling.

During World War II, two armies of the Polish Army were formed, which included 10 infantry divisions, 5 armored brigades, a cavalry brigade, 2 sappers' brigades, 3 divisions and several artillery brigades and smaller units, as well as 4 aviation divisions. At the end of 1944, there were about 180,000. people.

After the war the Polish Army was reorganized into six (later seven) military districts. These were the Warsaw Military District, the Lublin Military District, the Kraków Military District, the Łódź Military District, the Poznań Military District, the Pomeranian Military District, HQ in Toruń, and the Silesian Military District, HQ in Katowice.

On 7 October 1950, the anniversary of the Battle of Lenino was declared the official "Day of the Polish People's Army" by the authorities of the People's Republic.

In 1955, Poland joined the Warsaw Pact military alliance , which was created in response to the inclusion of the Federal Republic of Germany in the NATO alliance. The agreement was signed on May 14, 1955 in Warsaw.

Council of Ministers (Poland)

The Council of Ministers of the Republic of Poland is the collective executive decision-making body of the Polish government. The cabinet is the Prime Minister, also known as the President of the Council of Ministers, the Deputy Prime Minister, who acts as a vice-chairman of the council, and other ministers. The current powers and procedures of the cabinet are in Articles 146 to 162 of the constitution. 

See also Ministries of Poland

Musquiqui Chihying

Musquiqui Chihying (born 1985 in Taipei) is a Taiwanese visual artist and experimental filmmaker who resides in Taipei and Berlin. He often employs media such as sound, music, and moving images to construct a narrative vocabulary, offering alternative perspectives on the interconnectedness of human condition and ecological environments. 

Chihying film works have been screened at various film festival, including Rotterdam Film Festival in the Netherlands, Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival, and many more. He is a member of the Taiwanese art group Fuxinghen Studio and leads the Research Lab of Image and Sound (RLIS), focusing on media technology and image politics research. Chihying has also developed the special historical circumstances of ethic and technological exchange between the African, Asian, and Afrasian Sea.

In 2019, he received the LOOP Video Art Award from the Han Nefkens Foundation and the Joan Miró Foundation in Spain. In 2023, he was awarded the Tung Chung Prize by the Hong Foundation in Taiwan. He was also nominated for the Berlin Art Prize in Germany.

Schwende-Rüte

Schwende-Rüte is a district in the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland. It was created on 1 May 2022 from the former districts of Rüte and Schwende.


Bernhardsthal

Bernhardsthal is a municipality in Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. The Lake Bernhardsthal is in the municipality.

The municipality has three villages (population):

Bockfließ

Bockfließ is a municipality in Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Ministries of Poland

The ministries of Poland are the various departments performing functions for the Polish government. Each ministry is headed by a government minister selected by the Prime Minister, who sits in the collective executive Council of Ministers. The powers and rules of the ministries were established under reforms carried out by prime ministers Józef Oleksy and Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz between 1996 and 1997. The cabinet can create, combine, or dissolve ministries, with the Prime Minister determining the scope and responsibilities of ministers. The number and titles of ministries varies.

At the end of 1991, after the first free legislative election was held, these were the ministries and offices with the rights of ministries in Poland:

There are also independent government institutions outside of the cabinet's responsibilities.


José Núñez de Cáceres

Jose Nunez de Caceres (14 March 1772 – 11 September 1846) was President of Spanish Haiti from 1 December 1821 to 9 February 1822. Nunez de Caceres was the architect of the short-lived independent state of Spanish Haiti (now the Dominican Republic), which was annexed by Haiti after two months.

European Green Party

The European Green Party, also referred to as European Greens, is the European political party that represents national parties from across Europe who share Green values. The European Greens work closely with the Greens–European Free Alliance parliamentary group in the European parliament which is formed by elected Green party members along with the European Free Alliance, European Pirate Party and Volt Europa. The European Greens' partners include its youth wing the Federation of Young European Greens, the Green European Foundation and the Global Greens.

Aspic

Aspic or meat jelly () is a savory gelatin made with a meat stock or broth, set in a mold to cover other ingredients. These often include pieces of meat, seafood, vegetable, or eggs. Aspic is also sometimes referred to as "aspic gelée" or "aspic jelly". In its simplest form, aspic is essentially a gelatinous version of conventional soup.

Francisco García Salinas

Francisco García Salinas ("b." 1786; "d."1841), Mexican cabinet minister and governor of the state of Zacatecas. García was born on a hacienda in the state of Zacatecas.
Wide Boy (song)

"Wide Boy" is a 1985 song by English singer-songwriter Nik Kershaw and is the second single from his second studio album "The Riddle". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Ireland, number 21 in New Zealand, number 27 in South Africa and number 7 in Australia.

7" single (WEA NIK 7)
A. "Wide Boy" (Remix) – 3:19
B. "So Quiet" – 3:12

12" single (WEA NIKT 7)
A. "Wide Boy" (Extended Mix) – 5:07 
B1. "Shame on You" (Remix) – 3:39 
B2. "So Quiet" – 3:07

Enola Gay (song)

"Enola Gay" is a 1980 song by British band Orchestal Manoeuvres in the Dark and was the only single from their second studio album "Organisation". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Spain, Portugal and Italy, number 14 in Ireland, number 31 in New Zealand, number 6 in France and number 47 in Australia.

The 12" single contained the same tracks as on the 7".

History of the Acadians

Title: The Acadians: A Rich Tapestry of Resilience, Culture, and Heritage

Introduction The Acadians, descendants of French settlers in the Maritime provinces of Canada, have a rich and storied history that spans centuries. From their origins in the early 17th century to their enduring presence today, the Acadians have navigated a complex journey marked by triumphs, tragedies, and resilience.

Origins and Early Settlement The Acadian story begins in the early 1600s when French explorers established settlements along the eastern coast of North America. These settlers, primarily from the region of France known as Acadia, forged a new life in the rugged landscape of present-day Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Island.

Cultural Identity One of the defining characteristics of the Acadian people is their strong cultural identity, which blends elements of French, Indigenous, and other influences. This unique cultural tapestry is evident in their language, music, cuisine, and traditions.

Expulsion and Deportation The Acadian experience is also marked by tragedy, most notably the Great Expulsion of 1755. During this dark chapter in history, thousands of Acadians were forcibly removed from their homes by British authorities and dispersed throughout the American colonies, Europe, and beyond.

Resilience and Rebirth Despite the hardships they endured, the Acadians demonstrated remarkable resilience in the face of adversity. Many eventually returned to their homeland or resettled in other French-speaking communities, contributing to a cultural revival that continues to this day.

Acadian Diaspora The Acadian diaspora, resulting from the Great Expulsion, led to the dispersal of Acadian communities across North America and beyond. Today, Acadian descendants can be found in diverse locations, including Louisiana, Quebec, Maine, and beyond.

Cultural Contributions The Acadians have made significant contributions to the cultural landscape of North America. Their distinct music, including the lively melodies of Acadian folk songs and the haunting strains of Cajun music, has influenced musicians around the world.

Language and Literature The Acadian French dialect, known as "Chiac," is a vibrant expression of the Acadian identity. Acadian literature, including the works of authors such as Antonine Maillet and France Daigle, celebrates the unique experiences and perspectives of Acadian life.

Religion and Tradition Religion has played a central role in Acadian life, with Catholicism serving as a cornerstone of community and identity. Traditional Acadian celebrations, such as the Festival Acadien de Clare in Nova Scotia, reflect the enduring importance of faith and tradition.

Acadian Cuisine Acadian cuisine is a delicious reflection of the region's history and heritage. From hearty seafood dishes to savory meat pies, Acadian cooking combines French culinary traditions with local ingredients and flavors.

Cultural Preservation and Revival In recent decades, there has been a renewed focus on preserving and celebrating Acadian culture and heritage. Organizations such as the Société Nationale de l'Acadie work tirelessly to promote Acadian language, culture, and identity.

Acadian Heritage Sites Numerous heritage sites throughout the Maritime provinces commemorate the Acadian experience and its significance in Canadian history. These include the Grand-Pré National Historic Site in Nova Scotia, which honors the Acadian presence in the region.

Acadian Influence in Louisiana The Acadian diaspora had a profound impact on the culture of Louisiana, where Acadian settlers became known as Cajuns. Cajun cuisine, music, and traditions bear the unmistakable imprint of Acadian heritage, enriching the cultural tapestry of the region.

Acadian Flag and Symbols The Acadian flag, with its distinctive blue, white, and red stripes, serves as a powerful symbol of Acadian identity and pride. Other symbols, such as the Acadian star and the fleur-de-lis, carry deep cultural significance for the Acadian people.

Contemporary Acadian Identity Today, Acadians continue to celebrate their heritage and preserve their cultural traditions while embracing the opportunities and challenges of the modern world. Acadian communities thrive in both rural and urban settings, united by a shared sense of history and belonging.

Acadian Festivals and Celebrations Throughout the year, Acadian communities come together to celebrate their culture through festivals and events. These include traditional Acadian music and dance performances, as well as culinary feasts showcasing the region's delicious cuisine.

Acadian Influence in Quebec The Acadian presence in Quebec has left a lasting imprint on the province's cultural landscape. Acadian artists, musicians, and writers contribute to Quebec's vibrant artistic community, enriching the province's cultural heritage.

Acadian Identity in New England Acadian descendants in New England maintain strong ties to their cultural roots while embracing the diverse communities of the region. Organizations such as the Acadian Cultural Center in Maine provide a hub for preserving and sharing Acadian heritage.

Acadian Education and Research Acadian studies programs at universities and research institutions play a crucial role in preserving and promoting Acadian culture and history. Scholars and researchers explore various aspects of Acadian life, from language and literature to music and folklore.

Challenges and Opportunities While the Acadian people have overcome significant challenges throughout their history, they continue to face obstacles in preserving their language, culture, and way of life. Economic changes, environmental concerns, and social dynamics present both challenges and opportunities for Acadian communities.

Acadian Leadership and Advocacy Acadian leaders and advocates play a vital role in representing the interests of their communities and promoting Acadian culture on the regional, national, and international stages. Through political activism and cultural initiatives, they strive to ensure the continued vitality of Acadian identity.

Acadian Language and Education Efforts to preserve and promote the Acadian French language are central to the cultural survival of Acadian communities. Bilingual education programs, language immersion initiatives, and cultural exchanges contribute to the transmission of Acadian language and heritage to future generations.

Acadian Identity in the Digital Age In an increasingly interconnected world, Acadians utilize digital platforms and technology to connect with one another and share their culture with a global audience. Social media, online forums, and digital archives provide avenues for preserving and promoting Acadian heritage.

Conclusion The Acadians, with their rich history, vibrant culture, and enduring resilience, continue to make invaluable contributions to the cultural mosaic of North America. Through their language, music, cuisine, and traditions, they celebrate their heritage while embracing the opportunities of the modern world. As custodians of a unique cultural legacy, Acadians inspire admiration and respect for their indomitable spirit and unwavering commitment to preserving their identity for greatness.
Fedayeen

Fedayeen (self-sacrificers) is a Arabic word used by militant groups who are willing to martyr themselves for a goal. The word literally means "those who sacrifice themselves" but is more commonly translated as self-sacrificers.

We Work the Black Seam

"We Work the Black Seam" is a 1986 song by Sting and is the sixth single from his debut studio album "The Dream of the Blue Turtles". It was released as a single in Germany, New Zealand and Australia. The song expresses about the miners strike in the United Kingdom in 1984 and 1985.

Mustafa IV

Mustafa IV (/ˈmʊstəfə/; Ottoman Turkish: مصطفى رابع, "Muṣṭafâ-yi râbiʿ"; 8 September 1779 – 16 November 1808) was the Ruler of the Ottoman Empire from 1807 until his death in 1808.
Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm

Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm, commonly known as Phan Rang, is a city in Vietnam and the capital of Ninh Thuận Province. 

What is now Phan Rang was formerly known as Panduranga, a principality of Champa kingdom.

Phan Rang - Thap Chàm city is located in the center of Ninh Thuan province, 1,380 km south of Hanoi, 330 km northeast of Ho Chi Minh City, 95 km south of Nha Trang.

Phan Rang - Thap Chàm city is divided into 16 commune-level administrative units, including 15 wards and 1 commune

Tháp Chàm and Phan Rang district has become a center for the maintenance of Cham culture. Much of the district is occupied by Cham people where they have rice paddies, orchards of grapes and peaches, flocks of goats and Brahman cattle.Their towers (the 'Thap') are beautiful memorials to their kings and queens. There are several Cham sites with dilapidated towers along the central coast of Vietnam and major sites in Mỹ Sơn and Nha Trang.

Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm is located at the junction of National Routes 1A and 27; the former connects the town to Hanoi towards the north and Ho Chi Minh City to the south-west, while the latter crosses into the Central Highlands towards Buôn Ma Thuột.

The city is also connected to the North–South Railway at Tháp Chàm Railway Station; express passenger trains (SE1/2, SE5/6) stop regularly at the station.


Kansas City (Leiber and Stoller song)

"Kansas City" is a 1952 R&B song by Little Willie Littlefield and was first recorded as K. C. Loving, the song later became a hit in 1959 as a blues track by Wilbert Harrison. It is one of the best songs by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller.

Finnmarksløpet 2024

Finnmarksløpet 2024 are three dog sled races in Norway's northernmost county. They started in Alta, Finnmark in March 2024. All the races have winners.

"FL1200" is Europe's longest sled dog race; It started on March 8, 2024. Teams started with 14 sled dogs.

Checkpoints and other places in the race,








Length of different legs of the trip,


Other checkpoints are 

The track is 570 km long. The race started on March 9. The winner is Ronny Wingren from Finland. The race ended on March 15, several days after the race had its winner.


 

The Narcissist (song)

"The Narcissist" is a 2023 song by Blur and is the leading single from their ninth studio album "The Ballad of Darren". It went to number 81 in the United Kingdom, number 33 on the Top 40 hot singles chart in New Zealand and number 34 on the Billboard Rock Airplay. It was their first single since 2015.

Medicine Bear

Chief Medicine Bear (Mato Wakan) was the leading Chief of the Pabaska (Cut Head) Band of the Upper Yanktonai Tribe, who together with the Hunkpati Lower Yanktonai made up the Ihanktowanna Nation. They were considered a separate nation from the Ihanktowanna Nation because the tribe was so large. Together they were considered one campfire of the Seven Council Fires of the Great Sioux Nation, a loose confederation of bands and tribes or nations within a nation.

In 1853-54 during a fight against the Crow, Medicine BEar was shot through the body, but managed to kill the one who shot him as well as his companion. His wound was very severe and by 1865 it had not fully healed. 

By the 1880s, Medicine Ber had seen that he needed to better the conditions on the reservation. He was asked by the agent where he wanted his permanent camp to be. Mato Wakan told the agent that he wanted to live by the river, so if there was no game his people would always be able to fish. This site is now the community of Fort Kipp. Mato Wakan was the principal Sioux signator of the 1886-1887 treaty, which led to the establishment of the Fort Peck Reservation in 1888.

His wives include the granddaughters of Crazy Bear: Iron Cradle, Small Earth, and Turtle door. There is also record of a wife named Her Bad Cane.

Medicine Bear kept a winter count from 1823 to 1917.
Crazy Bear
Sing Our Own Song

"Sing Our Own Song" is a 1986 song by English band UB40 and is the ninth and final track from their seventh studio album "Rat in the Kitchen". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in the Netherlands, number 7 in New Zealand and Belgium, number 76 in Australia and number 4 in Ireland. It was heavily censored in South Africa.

School (Supertramp song)

"School" is a song by English rock band Supertramp and is the opening track from their third studio album "Crime of the Century". It was released as a single in 1983 and went to number 27 in the Netherlands.

Nueve de Julio, Buenos Aires

Nueve de Julio is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. In 2010, 36,494 people lived there.

The Nueve de Julio Airport is in the city.

Berghaupten

Berghaupten is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Włodzimierz Staniewski

Włodzimierz Staniewski (born in 1950 in Bardo, Poland) is a Polish theatre and film director, founder and director of the Gardzienice Centre for Theatre Practices. He is the author of international programmes, actor training, essays, and plays.

In 1968, Staniewski was a student in Polish philology at the Jagiellonian University . In 1969, he became a student of Krzysztof Jasiński's Acting Studio at the STU Theater , where classes were conducted by graduates of the State Theater School in Krakow.

He worked with Jerzy Grotowski , the founder of the Laboratory Theater, in Wrocław. They moved away from conventional theater activities and preparing subsequent performances in favor of intensive performative and anthropological research. He left in 1975 and moved to Lublin. He started the "Gardzienice" Theater Association.

Staniewski's acting method, known as theater ecology is seen as significant. As a director and author, he lectured and conducted master classes in many countries.

Ramesh Chakrasali

Ramesh L Chakrasali is an author and professor at SDM College of Engineering and Technology, Dharwad. He is senior professor at department of Electrical and Electronics engineering at SDMCET. He has authored several books such as "Basic Electrical engineering, Testing and Commissioning of Electrical Equipment and Electrical Power Utilization". He has been appointed as the principal of SDM College of Engineering and Technology (SDMCET) succeeding Dr. K. Gopinath, He is serving as the principal of SDMCET since February 2024.

Wilson, Pennsylvania

Wilson is a borough in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. 8,259 people lived here at the 2020 census. Wilson is next to the city of Easton and is part of the Lehigh Valley metropolitan area.

It is named after Woodrow Wilson, 28th President of the United States (1913–1921).

Carancho

Carancho is a 2010 Argentine Chilean French South Korean crime drama movie directed by Pablo Trapero and starring Ricardo Darín, Martina Gusmán. It was nominated for the Un Certain Regard at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.


Jagiellonian University

The Jagiellonian University is a public research university in Kraków, Poland. Founded in 1364 by King Casimir III the Great, it is the oldest university in Poland and the 13th oldest university in continuous operation in the world. It is regarded as Poland's most famous academic institution. The university is important for as well as a significant contributor to the intellectual heritage of Europe.

The campus is in the middle of Kraków. The university consists of thirteen main faculties, and three faculties composing the Collegium Medicum. It employs roughly 4,000 academics and provides education to more than 35,000 students who study in 166 subjects. The main language of instruction is Polish, although around 30 degrees are offered in English and some in German. The university library is among the largest of its kind and has a number of medieval manuscripts, including the landmark "De Revolutionibus" by alumnus Nicolaus Copernicus.

In addition to Copernicus, the university's notable alumni include heads of state King John III Sobieski, Pope John Paul II, and Andrzej Duda; Polish prime ministers Beata Szydło and Józef Cyrankiewicz; renowned cultural figures Jan Kochanowski, Stanisław Lem, and Krzysztof Penderecki; and leading intellectuals and researchers such as Hugo Kołłątaj, Bronisław Malinowski, Carl Menger, Leo Sternbach, and Norman Davies. Four Nobel laureates have been at the university, all in literature: Ivo Andrić and Wisława Szymborska, who studied there, and Czesław Miłosz and Olga Tokarczuk, who taught there. Faculty and graduates of the university have been elected to the Polish Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Royal Society, the British Academy, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and other honorary societies.

Polish Orthodox Church

The Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church , commonly known as the Polish Orthodox Church, or Orthodox Church of Poland, is one of the autocephalous Eastern Orthodox churches in full communion. The church was established in 1924, to accommodate Orthodox Christians of Polish descent in the eastern part of the country, when Poland regained its independence after the First World War.

Autocephaly was finally granted by the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople in November 1924.

During the interwar period, however, the Polish authorities imposed severe restrictions on the church and its clergy. In the most famous example, the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in Warsaw was destroyed in the mid-1920s. In Volhynia a total of 190 Eastern Orthodox churches were destroyed and a further 150 converted to Catholicism. Several court hearings against the Pochaiv Lavra also took place.

In total, it has approximately 500,000 adherents (2016). In the Polish census of 2011, 156,000 citizens declared themselves as members.

Big Break

Big Break was a British game show that aired on BBC1. It aired from 30 April 1991 and 10 August 2002. It was hosted by Jim Davidson and John Virgo. The show surrounded the game of snooker. It had people paired with professional snooker players. The person would answer general knowledge questions which gave more time for the players to score snooker points.

In "Big Break" there were three teams of two. Each contestant is joined by a professional snooker player. There were three rounds: "red hot", "pocket money", and "make or break". These names were puns from the snooker terms "red", "pocket", and "break". 

In "red hot" contestants are asked three questions. They are given 10 seconds of time to begin. Each right answer is worth another 10 seconds. On the snooker table, there are ten red snooker balls. The players have as much time as they are given to "pot" as many balls as possible. The two teams that pot the most red balls move onto the next round.

The losing contestant in the first round is given a secondary task, a trick shot. Called "Virgo's Trick Shot", the contestant would need to recreate the shot being played. When successful, the contestant won a prize.

The second round was called "pocket money". On a timer, contestants must answer questions based on the coloured snooker balls. On a correct answer, the snooker player scored points for each ball potted. There were double points for potting balls in certain pockets. When missing a ball, the contestant would answer another question. The pair with the most points reach the final round. 

The final round, called "make or break" had the contestant answer five questions. Each correct answer removed a red ball from the table. There was two minutes to pot all of the balls on the table. This included the time given to answer the questions. More prizes would be given to players who were closest to potting all of the balls. The grand prize was usually a holiday.

Climate of Spain

Spain has a mostly Mediterranean climate, however vast inland areas experience a continental climate, and coastal areas have an oceanic climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in Spain was on 14 August 2021 in La Rambla, near Córdoba.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Spain was on 7 January 2021 in Vega de Liordes.

Cuba War

The Cuban war against the Spanish was the conflict that led to the independence of the island nation from the Spanish kingdom in 1898.

In 1895, José Martí led what was called "El Grito de Baire" or the Cry of Baire which led to the beginning of the War. In Cuba the war is called the Necessary War, while in Spain they call it the War on Cuba.
Samsung Galaxy S24

The Samsung Galaxy S24 is an Android smartphone series designed, manufactured and marketed by Samsung. It has the same display lineups as the Samsung Galaxy S23 series, with bigger batteries this time. The S24 Ultra is the first Samsung phablet made of titanium, like the IPhone 15 Pro.

Gertrude Rempfer

Gertrude Fleming Rempfer (January 30, 1912 - October 4, 2011) was an American physicist. She was a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She was an expert in Electron microscopy .. She won a Howard Vollum Award. 

She graduated from Queen Anne High School. She studied forestry but switched to physics, at the University of Washington.

She taught at Mount Holyoke College, Russell Sage College, and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. During World War II, she worked at the Naval Research Laboratory, and Manhattan Project at Columbia. She worked at Farrand Optical Company. She was a professor at Portland State University.

Leptomantis gadingensis

The Gunung Gading tree frog or Gading tree frog ("Leptomantis gadingensis") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it between 0 and 150 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 29.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown. There is a dark line between the eyes and some darker brown marks on the back. There is some blue color on the sides of the body.

People have seen this frog near streams where the water moves quickly. It cannot live in streams that human beings have changed. The male frog its 3 m above the ground and calls to the female frogs.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because even though it lives in two small places, both those places are protected parks.

Transport in Poland

Transport in Poland involves air, water, road and rail transportation. The country has a large network of public transport, such as buses, trams and the metro. 

The country's most important waterway is the Vistula river. The largest seaports are Gdańsk, Gdynia and Szczecin. There are 3,997 km (2,480 mi) of navigable rivers and canals (as of 2009).

The most important airport in Poland is Warsaw 'Frederic Chopin' International Airport. Warsaw's airport is the main international hub for LOT Polish Airlines. 

In addition to Warsaw Chopin, Wrocław, Gdańsk, Katowice, Kraków and Poznań all have international airports.

Poland has a network of railways.. It is run by Polish State Railways. The rail network is very dense in western and northern Poland. The eastern part of the country has fewer railways. The capital city, Warsaw, has the country's only rapid transit system: the Warsaw Metro.

The only high-speed rail line in central-eastern Europe is the Central Rail Line. It is long, and was built in 1971–1977. It links Warsaw with Kraków and Katowice. 

Other high-speed lines:


Poland has of public roads, of which are unsurfaced (2021):


In recent years, the network has been improving and government spending on road construction recently saw a huge increase, due to rapid development of the country and the inflow of European Union funds for infrastructure projects.

Polish motorways and expressways are part of the national roads network. As of December 2021, there are of motorways and of expressways .

Shorty McShorts' Shorts

Shorty McShorts' Shorts is an American animated anthology short television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. aired in July 28, 2006 to May 25, 2007 from Disney Channel. two of them several separated animated shows from "SheZow" aired in Hub Network and "Fish Hooks" also aired in Disney Channel.

in several shorts in several segments. 


Polish State Railways

The Polish State Railways (Polish: "Polskie Koleje Państwowe", abbr.: PKP S.A.) is the main railway operator in Poland. The company was founded when the former Polish State Railways state-owned enterprise was divided into several units based on the need for separation between infrastructure management and transport operations. Polish State Railways is the main company in PKP Group collective that resulted from the split. It has 100% share control, being fully responsible for the assets of all of the other PKP Group component companies. The group's organisations are dependent upon Polish State Railways, but proposals for privatisation have been made.

The PKP has been a tourist attraction for British trainspotters since the mid-twentieth century. The late withdrawal of steam power on the PKP system meant that Poland was an attractive destination for rail enthusiasts long after steam had ended on Britain’s railways. The last PKP steam shed in Wolsztyn has remained in operation as a result of this tourism and continues to operate regular steam hauled services.

Rab

Rab (, , ) is an island in Croatia. It is just off the northern coast of the Adriatic Sea. It belongs to the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, in the Kvarner Bay.

The island is long. It has an area of . In 2011, 9,328 people lived there. The main settlement is the town of the same name. The highest peak is Kamenjak at 408 m. The northeastern side of the island is mostly karst.

Trainspotters

A trainspotter, railfan, rail buff, train buff, railway enthusiast or railway buff is a person who is interested in trains and rail transport systems. They have been common in the United Kingdom since the 1840s.

Trainspotters often congregated on stations platforms and adjacent to favoured railway lines. In the 1950s a trainspotting platform was erected adjacent to the main line in Finsbury Park to make room for the trainspotters who gathered there.

They often combine their interest with other hobbies, especially photography and videography, radio scanning, railway modelling, studying railroad history and participating in railway station and rolling stock preservation efforts. There are many magazines and websites for them, including "Trains", "Railfan & Railroad", "The Railway Magazine", "Locomotive Magazine", and "Railway Gazette International".

Road signs in South Korea

Road signs in South Korea are regulated by the Korean Road Traffic Authority ().

Road signs in South Korea closely followed Japanese and European rules on road signs until 1970s.

South Korea signed the Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals on December 29, 1969, but has yet to ratify the Convention.

Warning signs are triangular with yellow backgrounds, red borders and black pictograms.
Prohibition signs are round with white backgrounds, red borders and black pictograms.
Mandatory instruction signs are round with blue backgrounds and white pictograms.
Supplementary signs are rectangular with white backgrounds and black text. Most of signs are only written in Korean.
Direction and distance signs are rectangular with dark green backgrounds and white text. In urban areas, direction signs have dark blue backgrounds. The signs are normally written in Korean and English. In March 2010, Korea Expressway Corporation introduced a new type of direction sign for expressways. Currently, Korea Expressway Corporation changes old direction signs to new ones on their expressways. This new type of direction sign is exit guide based sign and its typeface has changed from Sandol Doropyojipanche (Sandol traffic sign typeface, which can be seen on the distance sign and direction sign below) to Hangilche (Hangil typeface). It also includes motorways.


Road signs in the United States

In the United States, road signs are, for the most part, standardized by federal regulations, most notably in the "Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices" (MUTCD) and its companion volume the "Standard Highway Signs" (SHS).
Regulatory signs give instructions to motorists, pedestrians, and cyclists. Signs including Stop, Yield, No Turns, No Trucks, No Parking, No Stopping, Minimum Speed, Right Turn Only, Do Not Enter, Weight Limit, and Speed Limit are considered regulatory signs. Some have special shapes, such as the octagon for the Stop sign and the crossbuck for railroad crossings. Some signs can be localized, such as No Parking, and some are found only in state and local jurisdictions, as they are based on state or local laws, such as New York City's "Don't Block the Box" signs. These signs are in the R series of signs in the MUTCD and typically in the R series in most state supplements or state MUTCDs.

The MUTCD's R1 series is for Stop and Yield. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. The 4-WAY and 3-WAY plaques (R1-3) were deprecated in the 2009 Edition of the MUTCD in favor of the ALL WAY plaque (R1-3P).

The MUTCD's R2 series is for speed limit signs. Some state supplements and state MUTCDs place various speed limit signs in other series. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. Speed limits in the United States are always in miles per hour. Metric speed limit signs in kilometers per hour used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system. They have been discontinued as of 2012. Many states, however, disallow the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to MUTCD restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs.
The MUTCD's R3 series of signs is for lane usage and turn signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R4 series of signs is for the regulation of movement signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R5 series of signs is for exclusionary signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. The most common of these signs is the do not enter sign.

The MUTCD's R6 series of signs is for one way and divided highway signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. The most common of these signs is the One Way sign.

The MUTCD allows for three types of parking signs: permissive, No Parking, and No Standing. However, in most states, there is an additional more restrictive one, No Stopping. These signs are found in the R7 series of signs in the MUTCD. As all situations are not covered, several states and local governments have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. Permissive parking signs allow for parking for either an unlimited or varied amount of time. They are often used in conjunction with parking meters and parking permits. They are specified by the MUTCD to be green on white. Local variations occur with additional information and slightly different designs. No Parking signs indicate that loading or unloading while temporarily stopped is permitted, but the driver must not leave the vicinity of the vehicle. Some No Parking signs display time restrictions, while others are permanent restrictions. There are also temporary versions of the signs, often of similar design to the permanent ones. These signs are specified by the MUTCD to be red on white, although local variations occur. No Standing signs indicate that stopping temporarily to load or unload passengers is allowed, but vehicles cannot be stopped at the location for longer periods of time, even if the driver remains with the vehicle. As with no parking signs, some restrictions displayed on the signs are permanent, and some are time-based.

The MUTCD's R8 series of signs is for parking restriction and emergency restriction signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R9 series of signs is for bicycle and pedestrian signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R10 series of signs is for traffic signal related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R11 series of signs is for road closure-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R12 series of signs is for weight limit-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R13 series of signs is for weigh station related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R14 series of signs is for truck route-related signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R15 series of signs is for rail- and light rail-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R16 series of signs is for seat belt and headlight use-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
Warning signs are found in the W series of the national MUTCD. They highlight existing conditions, such as a curve, school, dead end street, or traffic signal. They can also warn of possible danger such as bumps, bicycles, low flying aircraft, or emergency vehicles. They are either yellow or fluorescent yellow in color and, with a few exceptions, are usually diamond-shaped and sometimes have square or rectangular smaller signs or plaques associated with them. Most W series signs can also be found with orange backgrounds for temporary use in situations such as construction zones. Some of the temporary-use signs are for use only in temporary situations.

The MUTCD's W1 series of signs is for warning signs relating to horizontal alignment. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W2 series of signs is for warning signs relating to intersections. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W3 series of signs is for warning signs relating to advance traffic controls. The MUTCD provides options for graphic and text signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W4 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane merges and added lanes, as well as lane endings. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W5 series of signs is for warning signs relating to road width restrictions. The MUTCD provides options for graphic and text signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W6 series of signs is for warning signs relating to divided highways. The MUTCD provides options for graphic and text signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W7 series of signs is for warning signs relating to hills. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W8 series of signs is for warning signs relating to pavement and roadway conditions. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W9 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane transitions. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W10 series of signs is for warning signs relating to railroad crossings. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W11 series of signs is for warning signs relating to advance warnings. The MUTCD allows use of a fluorescent yellow-green background color for signs relating to non-motorized vehicles crossing the road. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W12 series of signs is for warning signs relating to low clearance. Metric low bridge signs in meters used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system. They have been discontinued as of 2012. Many states, however, disallowed the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to system restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W13 series of signs is for warning signs relating to advisory speeds. Speed limits in the United States are always in miles per hour. Metric advisory speed signs in kilometers per hour used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system. They have been discontinued as of 2012. Many states, however, disallowed the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to system restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W14 series of signs is for warning signs relating to dead-end streets and no-passing zones. As all situations are not covered, several states and local governments have additional signs for other types of situations not covered by the MUTCD. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W15 series of signs is for warning signs relating to playgrounds. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W16 series of signs is for supplemental plaques for warning signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W17 series of signs is for warnings relating to speed humps. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W18 series of signs is for warnings relating to no further traffic signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W19 series of signs is for warning signs relating to the end of a freeway or expressway. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W20 series of signs is for warning signs relating to work zones. These signs are typically orange background ones used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W21 series of signs is for warning signs relating to road work. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W22 series of signs is for warning signs relating to blasting zones. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W23 series of signs is for warning signs relating to slow traffic. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W24 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane shifts, where traffic is diverted slightly toward the left or right of the roadway, but the route is otherwise unchanged. These signs typically have orange background and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W25 series of signs is for signs warning that oncoming traffic has an extended green signal at a traffic light. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
Guide signs include highway route markers (shields), which are reassurance markers, interchange signs, including advance guide and exit signs, and mile markers. Advance guide and exit signs usually feature control cities or other locations to help direct drivers toward their destinations. The position of the exit number plaque indicates right or left exit (and should indicate center lane exit).

Chapter 2F of the MUTCD deals with signs relating to tolls.

The S series of signs are specially designated by the MUTCD for use around schools. Some states have additional school warning-related signs in the S series, the W series of warning signs, and/or the R series of regulatory signs of the state supplement or state MUTCD. The adoption of the 2009 MUTCD required school warning signs to have fluorescent yellow-green backgrounds.

Railway modelling

Railway modelling (UK, Australia, New Zealand, and Ireland) or model railroading (US and Canada) is a hobby in which rail transport systems are modelled at a reduced scale.

The scale models include locomotives, rolling stock, streetcars, tracks, signalling, cranes, and landscapes including: countryside, roads, bridges, buildings, vehicles, harbors, urban landscape, model figures, lights, and features such as rivers, hills, tunnels, and canyons.

The earliest model railways were the 'carpet railways' in the 1840s. The first documented model railway was the Railway of the Prince Imperial (French: Chemin de fer du Prince Impérial) built in 1859 by Emperor Napoleon III for his then 3-year-old son, also Napoleon, in the grounds of the Château de Saint-Cloud in Paris. It was powered by clockwork and ran in a figure-of-eight. Electric trains appeared around the start of the 20th century, but these were quite crude. Model trains today are more realistic, in addition to being much more technologically advanced. Today modellers create model railway layouts, often recreating real locations and periods throughout history.

The world's oldest working model railway is a model designed to train signalmen on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. It is located in the National Railway Museum, York, England and dates back to 1912. It was in use until 1995. The model was built as a training exercise by apprentices of the company's Horwich Works and supplied with rolling stock by Bassett-Lowke.

Some people just have a train set. Other people may spend hours and large sums of money building a large and exacting model of a railroad and the scenery through which it passes, called a "layout". Some of the models are large enough to ride on.

Modellers may collect model trains, building a landscape for the trains to pass through. They may also operate their own railroad in miniature. For some modellers, the goal of building a layout is to eventually run it as if it were a real railroad (if the layout is based on the fancy of the builder) or as the real railroad did. They may build track-by-track reproductions of the real railroad in miniature, often using historic maps.

Layouts vary from a circle or oval of track to realistic reproductions of real places modelled to scale. Probably the largest model landscape in the UK is in the Pendon Museum in Oxfordshire, UK, where an EM gauge (1:76.2 scale) model of the Vale of White Horse in the 1930s is under construction. The museum also has one of the earliest scenic models – the Madder Valley layout built by John Ahern. This was built in the late 1930s to late 1950s and brought in realistic modelling, receiving coverage on both sides of the Atlantic in the magazines "Model Railway News" and "Model Railroader". Bekonscot in Buckinghamshire is the oldest model village and includes a model railway, dating from the 1930s. The world's largest model railroad in H0 scale is the "Miniatur Wunderland" in Hamburg, Germany. The largest live steam layout, with of track is Train Mountain in Chiloquin, Oregon, U.S. Operations form an important aspect of rail transport modelling with many layouts being dedicated to copying the operation of a working railway. These layouts can become extremely complex with many routes, movement patterns and timetabled operation. The British outline model railway of Banbury Connections is one of the world's most complicated model railways.

People may meet in clubs. Clubs often display models for the public and run exhibitions. One specialist branch concentrates on larger scales and gauges, commonly using track gauges from . Models in these scales are usually hand-built and powered by live steam, or diesel-hydraulic, and the engines are often powerful enough to haul dozens of human passengers.

The oldest society is 'The Model Railway Club' (established 1910), near Kings Cross, London, UK. As well as building model railways, it has 5,000 books and periodicals. 'The Historical Model Railway Society' at Butterley, near Ripley, Derbyshire specialises in historical matters and has archives.

Biberach, Baden

Biberach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Durbach

Durbach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Mahlberg

Mahlberg is a town in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Avize

Avize is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Rooms To Go

Rooms To Go is an American furniture store chain. It company was founded in September 1990 by Jeffrey Seaman and his father Morty Seaman. It is the third largest furniture retailer in the United States. It is headquartered in Seffner, Florida.

Dirty Sexy Money

Dirty Sexy Money is an American prime time drama television series. It was created by Craig Wright. It ran on ABC from September 26, 2007, to August 8, 2009. It revolves around lawyer and family man Nick George, portrayed by Peter Krause. When Nick's father mysteriously dies in a plane crash, he agrees to take his position as the Darling family's lawyer, while trying to discover who committed the murder.

Greggs

Greggs plc is a British bakery chain. It started in 1939 It specialises in savoury products such as bakes, sausage rolls, sandwiches and sweet items including doughnuts and vanilla slices. Its headquarters are in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Originally a high street chain, it has since entered the convenience and drive-thru markets. It expanded between 2022 and 2024, starting to sell vegan food. It opened 145 new sites in 2023 bringing the total number to 2,473. It also increased the size of its existing stores. 

Sausage roll

A sausage roll is a savoury dish, popular in current and former Commonwealth nations, consisting of sausage meat wrapped in puff pastry. Although variations are known throughout Europe and in other regions, the sausage roll is most closely associated with British cuisine. It is usually eaten as a snack.

Sausage rolls are made from sheets of puff pastry formed into tubes around sausage meat and glazed with egg or milk before being baked. They can be served either hot or cold. In the 19th century, they were made using shortcrust pastry instead of puff pastry.

A vegetarian or vegan sausage roll can be made in the same manner, using a meat substitute.

Puff pastry

Puff pastry, also known as , is a flaky light pastry made from a laminated dough composed of dough and butter or other solid fat. The butter is put inside the dough (or vice versa), making a "" that is repeatedly folded and rolled out before baking. It takes a long time to make. 

The gaps that form between the layers left by the fat melting are pushed (leavened) by the water turning into steam during the baking process.

It was first made in France in the 17th century..

Walker Scobell

Walker Scobell

Walker Scobell is an American actor best known for his work in film and television. Born on December 30, 2008, in Austin, Texas, he has quickly risen to prominence with his remarkable talent and versatile performances.

Early Life and Education:

Walker Scobell was raised in Austin, Texas, where he discovered his passion for acting at a young age. He began his journey by participating in local theater productions and school plays, showcasing his natural aptitude for performing arts. His dedication and talent soon caught the attention of industry professionals, leading him to pursue a career in acting.

Career:

Scobell made his professional acting debut with a notable role in the 2020 film "The War with Grandpa," starring alongside veteran actors such as Robert De Niro and Uma Thurman. In the film, he portrayed the character of Steve Decker, the grandson of De Niro's character, whose mischievous antics spark a hilarious intergenerational rivalry.

Following his breakout performance in "The War with Grandpa," Scobell continued to garner attention for his acting prowess. He landed roles in various television series and films, showcasing his versatility as an actor. His notable television credits include appearances in popular shows such as "Young Sheldon" and "Walker."

In 2022, Scobell gained widespread recognition for his starring role in the highly anticipated film "Secret Headquarters." Directed by Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman, the film follows a young boy who discovers a secret headquarters filled with futuristic gadgets and embarks on a thrilling adventure. Scobell played the lead role of Jake, captivating audiences with his charm and charisma.

Aside from his acting career, Scobell is also passionate about philanthropy and using his platform for good causes. He has been involved in various charitable initiatives, supporting organizations dedicated to causes such as children's education and environmental conservation.

Personal Life:

Despite his rising fame, Walker Scobell maintains a relatively low-profile personal life. He values his privacy and prefers to keep details about his personal affairs out of the public eye, focusing instead on his career and charitable endeavors.

Recognition and Awards:

Throughout his career, Walker Scobell has received praise for his exceptional talent and performances. While he has yet to receive major industry awards, he has been nominated for several accolades and is widely regarded as one of the most promising young talents in Hollywood.

Filmography:


Television Appearances:


Philanthropy:


References:


This Wikipedia page about Walker Scobell provides an overview of his career, personal life, and philanthropic efforts, highlighting his contributions to the entertainment industry and society as a whole.
Imperial Household Law

The Imperial Household Law (皇室典範, "Kōshitsu Tenpan") is a Japanese law that governs the line of imperial succession, the membership of the imperial family, and several other matters pertaining to the administration of the Imperial Household.

The Imperial Household Law was passed during the Shōwa era on January 16, 1947, by the last session of the Imperial Diet. This law superseded the Imperial Household Law of 1889, which had enjoyed co-equal status with the Meiji Constitution and could only be amended by the Emperor. 

The revised statute is subordinate to the Constitution of Japan, which went into effect on May 3, 1947. It develops Chapter 1: Article 2 of the Constitution of Japan, which states: "The Imperial Throne shall be dynastic and succeeded to in accordance with the Imperial House Law passed by the Diet".

Jim Pattison

James Allen Pattison (born October 1, 1928) is a Canadian businessman, investor and philanthropist. He is the owner and founder of Jim Pattison Group. He is a billionaire, with a net worth of $5.7 billion in late 2018 according to Forbes. Pattison was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He moved to Vancouver, British Columbia when he was 6 years old. In December 2018, Pattison received a star on Canada's Walk of Fame.

In 1961, Pattison got a $40,000 loan from a manager at Royal Bank of Canada and used it to open a Pontiac dealership in Vancouver. He would also invest his money in other businesses like "Guinness World Records" and "Ripley's Believe It or Not!".

Pattison would work to help bring Expo 86 and the 2010 Winter Olympics to Vancouver.

Lululemon Athletica

Lululemon athletica inc., also known simply as lululemon (spelled all lowercase), is a Canadian clothing company. They are known for selling yoga pants and other athletic wear. The company was started by Chip Wilson in 1998. The first store was opened in Vancouver in November 2000.

The company would go public after entering a initial public offering in July 2007. In 2022, the company posted a positive revenue of US$8.11 billion.

Johann Brandweiner

Johann Brandweiner (24 September 1894 - 7 January 1974 ) was an Austrian football player. He played for Wiener AC as goalkeeper. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won in the 1914-15 season the Austrian championship for WAC.
In 1919 he played two matches for the Austrian national football team versus Hungary. 

Nude (art)

In general, the term nude refers to people who are not wearing clothing, or who are wearing less clothing than other people would expect. When talking about nude in the context of art, the idea is to show the unclothed human figure. This is known as the nude. In the visual arts, this can be a statue, such as the famous statue by Michelangelo shown. It can also be a painting. Nudity in painting is common. Often, painters made paintings that showed a scene of figures of mythology. The figures shown would often be nude, or wear very little clothing. The Ancient Greek were fascinated by people doing sports naked. In the Middle Ages, there was less activity, but afterwards, in the Renaissance it was more common again. History painting is about showing scenes of history, or of mythology. Very often, the figures shown are naked. 

Unclothed figures often also play a part in other types of art, such as history painting, including allegorical and religious art, portraiture, or the decorative arts. From prehistory to the earliest civilizations, nude female figures were generally understood to be symbols of fertility or well-being.

The Khajuraho Group of Monuments were built between 950 and 1050 CE. They are known for their nude sculptures, which comprise about 10% of the temple decorations. Only very few of them are erotic. Japanese prints are one of the few non-western traditions that can be called nudes. There, the activity of communal bathing in Japan is portrayed as just another social activity, without the significance placed upon the lack of clothing that exists in the West. Through each era, the nude has reflected changes in cultural attitudes regarding sexuality, gender roles, and social structure.

A book on the nude in art history is "The Nude: a Study in Ideal Form" by Lord Kenneth Clark, first published in 1956. The introductory chapter makes the often-quoted distinction between the naked body and the nude. Clark states that to be naked is to be deprived of clothes, and implies embarrassment and shame, while a nude, as a work of art, has no such connotations.

In modern times there was a change. This change was that the line between nude, and naked became less clear. One of the first artists to show this was likely Francisco de Goya. Between 1795 and 1800 he made two paintings, which are known as the "Clothed Maja" and the "Nude Maja" today. The paintings show the same model, in the same pose. In one paiting the model is wearing clothes, in the other, she is naked. In 1815, this painting drew the attention of the Spanish Inquisition. The shocking elements were that it showed a particular model in a contemporary setting, with pubic hair rather than the smooth perfection of goddesses and nymphs, who returned the gaze of the viewer rather than looking away. Some of the same characteristics were shocking almost 70 years later when Manet exhibited his "Olympia", not because of religious issues, but because of its modernity. Rather than being a timeless Odalisque that could be safely viewed with detachment, Manet's image was assumed to be of a prostitute of that time, perhaps referencing the male viewers' own sexual practices.

The meaning of any image of the unclothed human body changes with the context it is put in. What may be alright in one setting may not be in another.

In Western culture, the contexts generally recognized are "art", "pornography", and "information". Viewers easily identify some images as belonging to one category, while other images are ambiguous. The 21st century may have created a fourth category, the commodified nude, which intentionally uses ambiguity to attract attention for commercial purposes.

When it coms to to making a difference between art and pornography, Kenneth Clark noted that sexuality was part of the attraction to the nude as a subject of art, stating "no nude, however abstract, should fail to arouse in the spectator some vestige of erotic feeling, even though it be only the faintest shadow—and if it does not do so it is bad art and false morals". According to Clark, the explicit temple sculptures of tenth-century India "are great works of art because their eroticism is part of their whole philosophy". Great art can contain significant sexual content without being obscene.

In the United States nudity in art has sometimes been a controversial subject when public funding and display in certain places brings the work to the attention of the general public. Puritan history continues to impact the selection of artwork shown in museums and galleries. At the same time that any nude may be suspect in the view of many patrons and the public, art critics may reject work that is not cutting edge. Relatively tame nudes tend to be shown in museums, while works with shock value are shown in commercial galleries. The art world has devalued simple beauty and pleasure, although these values are present in art from the past and in some contemporary works.

When school groups visit museums, there are inevitable questions that teachers or tour leaders must be prepared to answer. The basic advice is to give matter-of-fact answers emphasizing the differences between art and other images, the universality of the human body, and the values and emotions expressed in the works.

Art historian and author Frances Borzello writes that contemporary artists are no longer interested in the ideals and traditions of the past, but confront the viewer with all the sexuality, discomfort and anxiety that the unclothed body may express, perhaps eliminating the distinction between the naked and the nude. Performance art takes the final step by presenting actual naked bodies as a work of art.

The nude dates to the beginning of art with the female figures called Venus figurines from the Late Stone Age. In early historical times similar images represented fertility deities. When surveying the literature on the nude in art, there are differences between defining nakedness as the complete absence of clothing versus other states of undress. In early Christian art, particularly in references to images of Jesus, partial dress (a loincloth) was described as nakedness.

1919-20 Austrian football championship

The 1919-20 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association.

The "Erste Klasse (NFV)" was played with 12 clubs. SK Rapid Wien won the Austrian championship title for the sixth time. The VAS (Association of Workers' and Soldiers' Sports Clubs) prevented relegation of Admira through brilliant party discipline of its members during a vote about increasing the 1st class in the association. The 1st class took place in 1920/21 with 13 clubs. 

Zweite Klasse: SC Hakoah Wien

Diplomystus

Diplomystus is an extinct genus of double-armored herring from the Eocene of Wyoming. It was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1877. The type species of this genus is "Diplomystus dentatus".

"Diplomystus" possessed a laterally compressed body and a deep belly. The dorsal fin was halfway down the body. It looked a bit like a herring in appearance. It had a deeply forked caudal fin, much like a herring.

Some specimens are found with another clupeomorph called "Knightia". "Diplomystus" was possibly both a freshwater and saltwater fish. Some fossils of "D. dentatus" had prey inside their body. The bigger forms were active predators. The smaller forms were also predators, but they only ate smaller organisms.



Böztal

Böztal is a municipality in Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2022 from the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen.

Val Mara

Val Mara is a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 10 April 2022 from the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio.

Blonay – Saint-Légier

Blonay – Saint-Légier is a municipality in Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2022 from the former municipalities of Blonay and Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz.

Bazoches-et-Saint-Thibaut

Bazoches-et-Saint-Thibaut is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in north France. It was created on 1 January 2022 and consists of the former communes of Bazoches-sur-Vesles (the seat) and Saint-Thibaut.

Les Monts-Ronds

Les Monts-Ronds is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2022 and consists of the former communes of Mérey-sous-Montrond (the seat) and Villers-sous-Montrond.

L'Aiguillon-la-Presqu'île

L'Aiguillon-la-Presqu'île is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2022 and consists of the former communes of L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer (the seat) and La Faute-sur-Mer.

Aÿ-Champagne

Aÿ-Champagne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aÿ (the seat), Bisseuil and Mareuil-sur-Ay.


Mareuil-sur-Ay

Mareuil-sur-Ay is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aÿ-Champagne.


Aÿ

Aÿ is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aÿ-Champagne. It is known for the production of Champagne.


Bisseuil

Bisseuil is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aÿ-Champagne.


Altamira Municipality, Tamaulipas

Altamira is a municipality in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. In 2010, 212,001 people lived there. The municipality has a total area of 1,666.53 km² (643.45 sq mi). The main cities are Altamira and Miramar.

Miramar, Tamaulipas

Miramar is a city in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is the largest city in the municipality of Altamira. In 2010, 118,614 people lived there.

Altamira, Tamaulipas

Altamira is a city in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is the second-largest city in the municipality of Altamira. In 2010, 59,536 people lived there.

Auchenorrhyncha

Auchenorrhyncha is a suborder of true bugs. It is also called the true hoppers. They include cicadas, planthoppers, spittlebugs, and other insects. 

Auchenorrhyncha has only two infraordera: the Cicadomorpha (the cicadas, leafhoppers, treehoppers, and spittlebugs) and the Fulgoromorpha (the planthoppers).

Baconnes

Baconnes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bagneux, Marne

Bagneux is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Le Baizil

Le Baizil is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bannes, Marne

Bannes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Barbonne-Fayel

Barbonne-Fayel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Sports drink

Sports drinks, also known as electrolyte drinks, are sold with the claim that they help athletes replace water, electrolytes, and energy before, during, and especially after, training or competition. There isn't good evidence that they help sports and fitness performance.

Consuming too much or in unnecessary circumstances may damage health or performance. The drinks, or some of their ingredients such as sugar, may be bad for some people. Most sports drinks are isotonic, with 4 or 5 heaped teaspoons of sugar per eight ounce (13 and 19 grams per 250ml) serving. Some potentially harmful health effects of drinking sports drinks without prolonged exercise include weight gain, diabetes and damage to the teeth. These drinks are high in calories and sugar which contribute towards an unhealthy diet.<ref><nowiki>

Baslieux-lès-Fismes

Baslieux-lès-Fismes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Llanfyllin

Llanfyllin is a town in Powys, Wales. In 2011, 1,532 people lived there.

Chai Saew Yuen

Chai Saew Yuen (born 10 June 1969) is a Malaysian taekwondo martial artist. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantamweight event.

At the 1988 Asian Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -51 kg weight class.

Baslieux-sous-Châtillon

Baslieux-sous-Châtillon is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bassu

Bassu is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bassuet

Bassuet is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Baudement

Baudement is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Baye, Marne

Baye is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bazancourt, Marne

Bazancourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Seffner, Florida

Seffner is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. 8,362 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Montgomery, Powys

Montgomery () is a town in Powys, Wales. In 2011, 1,295 people lived there.

Bohdan Sokolovskyi

Bohdan Ivanovych Sokolovskyi (12 April 1954, Oleksyntsi - 22 June 2021) was a Ukrainian physicist, politician, and diplomat.

He was born on April 12, 1954 in the village of Oleksyntsi, Borshchiv district (now Chortkiv district), in the Ternopil region of Ukraine.

He graduated from the Faculty of Physics of Lviv University in 1976. He worked in the field of experimental physics of special materials and special technologies, in particular, in the laboratories of the University of Marburg and University of Chemnitz.

He was a member of People's Movement of Ukraine, and the Ukrainian People's Party.

From 1993 to 2004, he worked as a diplomat at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. He worked in Germany, the United States, Austria, and was the head of the Department of Economic, Scientific and Technical Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs

From 2008 to 2010, he was a Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for International Energy Security.

Weight gain

Weight gain is an increase in weight in the body. This can involve an increase in muscle, fat, excess fluids such as water or other factors. Weight gain can be a symptom of a serious medical condition.

Weight gain occurs when more energy (as calories from food and drink) is gained than the energy expended by life activities, including normal physiological processes and physical exercise.

If enough weight is gained due to increased body fat deposits, a person may become overweight or obese, generally defined as having more body fat (adipose tissue) than is considered good for health. The Body Mass Index (BMI) measures body weight in proportion to height, and defines optimal, insufficient, and excessive weight based on the ratio.

Rail transport in Belgium

Belgium has an extensive rail network. It is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Belgium is 88.

On May 5, 1835, the first railway in continental Europe opened between Brussels-Groendreef/Allée verte and Mechelen. Some sort of railroad or canal had been considered as early as 1830. The first trains were Stephenson engines imported from Great Britain. The engines were called "Pijl" meaning Arrow, "Olifant" meaning Elephant, and 'Stephenson' (named after its designer). . On the return from Mechelen, the "Olifant" pulled all 30 cars. By 1840, Ghent, Bruges, Ostend, Antwerp, Mechelen, Brussels and Leuven were connected. The lines that had to reach Liège, Mons and Kortrijk were partially completed. In 1843, when the major East-West/North-South lines were complete, private companies were allowed to construct and use their own rail systems. These were crucial in the industrialisation of the country.

In 1870, the Belgian state owned 863 km of rail lines, while the private companies owned 2,231 km. From 1870 to 1882, the railways were gradually nationalised. In 1912, 5,000 km were state property compared to 300 km private lines. Full nationalisation was considered at the time but did not happen until 1926, when the SNCB was started. It was named the SNCB ("Société nationale des Chemins de Fer belges") or NMBS ("Nationale Maatschappij der Belgische Spoorwegen"), named in a similar way to the French rail network, SNCF, which was founded 12 years later. In 1958 the network was fully state-owned. On 5 May 1935 the SNCB started with electrification on the line Brussels North to Antwerp Central, 44 km.

National Railway Company of Belgium

The National Railway Company of Belgium ) is the national railway company of Belgium. The company uses the Dutch and French abbreviations NMBS/SNCB. The corporate logo designed in 1936 by Henry van de Velde consists of the linguistically neutral letter B in a horizontal oval.

NMBS/SNCB is a government company, formed in 1926 as successor to the Belgian State Railways.

In 2005, the company was split up into three parts: Infrabel, which manages the railway infrastructure, network operations, and network access, the public railway operator NMBS/SNCB itself to manage the freight (B-Cargo) and passenger services, and NMBS/SNCB-Holding, which owns both public companies and supervises the collaboration between them. This was to facilitate future liberalisation of railway freight and passenger services in agreement with European regulations. Several freight operators can now use the Belgian network. In February 2011, NMBS/SNCB Logistics began operating as a separate business.

Leptomantis penanorum

The Penan flying frog ("Leptomantis penanorum") is a frog. It lives in Gunung Mulu National Park in Malaysia. People have seen it 1650 meters above sea level.

The skin of the frog's back is yellow-green in color. The iris of the eye is red in color with some gray.

People have only seen this frog in one stream high in the beginning of Sungei Tapin. Scientists think this is the only place where this frog lives. The tadpoles swim in small pools where the water only moves a little.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because, even though it only lives in a small place, that place is a protected park.

Brussels-Central railway station

Brussels-Central railway station (, ) is a railway and metro station in central Brussels, Belgium. It is the second busiest railway station in Belgium and one of three main railway stations in Brussels, together with Brussels-South and Brussels-North. First completed in 1952 after protracted delays caused by economic difficulties and World War II, it is the newest of Brussels' main rail stations.

Brussels-Central is connected to the rapid transit Gare Centrale/Centraal Station station on lines 1 and 5 of the Brussels Metro system, and serves as an important node of the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company.

Antwerpen-Centraal railway station

Antwerpen-Centraal railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Antwerp, Belgium. It is one of the most important hubs in the country and is one of the four Belgian stations on the high-speed rail network. From 1873 to early 2007, it was a terminal station. The current building, designed by the architect Louis Delacenserie, was built between 1895 and 1905. On 23 March 2007, a tunnel with two continuous tracks was opened under part of the city and under the station. The train services are operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium.

The station is widely regarded as the finest example of railway architecture in Belgium, although it is not a particular architectural style. The vast dome above the waiting room hall made it be known as the "spoorwegkathedraal" ("railroad cathedral").

The originally iron and glass train hall (185 metres long and 44 metres or 43 metres high) was designed by Clément Van Bogaert, an engineer. It covers an area of 12,000 square metres. The height of the station was because of the smoke of steam locomotives. The roof of the train hall was originally made of steel.

In 2009, the American magazine "Newsweek" judged Antwerpen-Centraal the world's fourth greatest train station. In 2014, the British-American magazine "Mashable" awarded Antwerpen-Centraal the first place for the most beautiful railway station in the world.

Leuven railway station

Leuven railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Leuven, Flemish Brabant, Belgium. The station is operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium (NMBS/SNCB) and is located on railway line 36. In 2007, it was the fifth-busiest station in Belgium, only preceded by the three main Brussels stations and Gent-Sint-Pieters railway station.

The square in front of the station houses a major bus terminal, as well as bicycle and car parking. There is a tunnel which passes underneath the station for pedestrians, as well as an overhead bridge with elevators. The station is fully accessible for wheelchairs.

While a high-speed line passes through the station, Leuven is not a stop on any high-speed route.

Gent-Sint-Pieters railway station

Gent-Sint-Pieters railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Ghent, East Flanders, Belgium, and the fourth-busiest in Belgium and busiest in Flanders, with 17.65 million passengers a year. The station is operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium (NMBS/SNCB).

Pawnbroker

A pawnbroker is a person or business that lends money to people. Here's how it works: if you need some money, you can give an item of value, like a watch or a piece of jewelry, to the pawnbroker. The pawnbroker gives you money in return, and you agree to buy back your item within a certain time period. If you don't pay back the money in time, the pawnbroker can sell your item to get their money back.

Poznań Główny railway station

Poznań Główny, anglicised to Poznan Main, is the chief railway station for the city of Poznań, Poland's fifth-largest city, and capital of the Greater Poland Province.

The station is located at a junction of Warsaw–Kunowice railway, Wrocław–Poznań railway, Kluczbork–Poznań railway, Poznań–Szczecin railway and Poznań–Piła railway. The train services are operated by PKP Intercity, Polregio and Koleje Wielkopolskie.

Wrocław Główny railway station

Wrocław Główny is the largest and most important passenger train station in the city of Wrocław, in southwestern Poland. Situated at the junction of several important routes, it is the largest railway station in the Lower Silesia Voivodeship, as well as in Poland in terms of the number of passengers serviced.

The station was built in 1855–1857, as the starting point of the "Oberschlesische Eisenbahn" (Upper Silesian Railway).

In 2018, the station served over 21,200,000 passengers. In 2022 it served 26,400,000 passengers.

Katowice railway station

Katowice railway station is a railway station in Katowice, Silesia, Poland, and the largest railway station in the Upper Silesian Industrial Region. Domestic and international trains connect at the station to most major cities in Europe; these are operated primarily by Polskie Koleje Państwowe.

During 1972, Katowice railway station was officially completed, having been built as a replacement station. It is in the centre of Katowice city. By the twenty-first century, Katowice railway station was being used by around 12 million passengers per year. The condition of the building had got worse over the course of 30 years, .

Around the start of the twenty-first century on average, around 520 trains per day were stopping at Katowice Railway Station. The railway station is only a few minutes walk away from the city's main bus station; this closeness serves to ease passenger movements between the two.

Antonio de Rosa

Antonio de Rosa is an concept and visual designer, living in Italy.

De Rosa began his career as a graphic designer for videogame in 1994. After graduating from Universita Degli Studi Napoli Federico II in 1996, he started his career trough several countries. During his time at Karma Wide, De Rosa also worked at Inside Srl (formerly Pico) as a trainer of Macromedia and Adobe.

After leaving KarmaWide, De Rosa became an art director at Mecotek Italia Spa in 2000. He also joined Telme as an executive manager in 2004 while serving as an art director at Mecotek Italia Spa. He left Mecotek Italia Spa and Telme in 2009. In the same year, Rosa founded ADR Studio Design and became its CEO. In this phase, he started to be recognized on the Internet for his concept regarding Apple products, like Apple iCam and Apple iPhone SJ, Apple iPhone folding design and Apple MacBook.

He has been one of the first to propose the concept of the Apple Watch (iWatch) in 2010.

Antonio chose an idea for Apple AR spectacles that pays respect to Steve Jobs's preferred pair of prescription glasses, the Lunor Classic PP, and has historical significance.

De Rosa was born on December 22, 1975, in Cava Dei Tirreni, Italy, and was raised in his hometown. He went to Istituto Tecnico per Geometri Vanvitelli in 1989, and then attended Università Degli Studi di Napoli Federico II in 1994.

Warszawa Centralna railway station

Warszawa Centralna (official Polish name since 2019 Dworzec Centralny im. Stanisława Moniuszki), in English known as Warsaw Central Station, is the main railway station in Warsaw, Poland. Completed in 1975, the station is on the Warsaw Cross-City Line and has four underground island platforms with eight tracks. It is served by the long-distance domestic and international trains of PKP Intercity and Polregio as well as some of the regional trains operated by Koleje Mazowieckie. Nextto the north side of the building is a bus station that serves as the central hub for night bus lines, and Złote Tarasy shopping center.
Warsaw Central was constructed as a flagship project of the Polish People's Republic during the 1970s economic boom, and was intended to replace the inadequate and obsolete Warszawa Główna railway station.

University of Silesia in Katowice

The University of Silesia in Katowice () is an autonomous state-run university in Katowice, Silesia Province, Poland.

The university offers higher education and research facilities. It offers undergraduate, masters, and PhD degree programs, as well as postgraduate, postdoctoral research, habilitation, and continuous education and training programs.

Warszawa Zachodnia station

Warszawa Zachodnia station, in English Warsaw West, is a railway and long-distance bus station in Warsaw, Poland on the border of Ochota and Wola districts. The railway station is the westernmost terminus of the Warsaw Cross-City Line. It serves trains from PKP Intercity, Polregio, Koleje Mazowieckie, Szybka Kolej Miejska and Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa as well as international trains passing through Warsaw. It is one of the busiest railway stations in Poland, with over 800 daily trains.

Despite being one of the chief railway stations on the line towards Warszawa Centralna, there has been limited development of the station since its construction in 1936. However, the station is undergoing an extensive modernization between 2020 and 2023.

The station was built as part of the development of the Warsaw Railway Junction that was begun in 1919. Warszawa Zachodnia was opened in 1936 as the most westerly station on the Warsaw Cross-City Line. It was not until the 1970s that an underpass was built to connect the platforms and a station building was built on the northern side. In 1975, a platform for Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa trains was added. In 1980, the south side of the station was developed, with a road underpass being built to connect Wola and Ochota and the long-distance bus station added. The Warszawa Wola railway station, built in the 1980s just away from Warszawa Zachodnia, on 20 May 2012 was joined to Warszawa Zachodnia station as Platform 8,for trains to Nasielsk, Ciechanów and Działdowo. In 2015 a new station building was opened at the southern side of the station along with several commercial office buildings, which among others host companies of the Polish State Railways, built along Warsaw's Jerozolimskie Avenue on grounds belonging to the station complex.

Go A

Go_A () is a Ukrainian folktronica band formed in 2012. The group is made of four members: Kateryna Pavlenko, Taras Shevchenko, Ihor Didenchuk and Ivan Hryhoriak. The band represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021, performing "", and placed fifth in the final. Didenchuk is also a member of the Kalush Orchestra, that won first place in Eurovision 2022.

They only sing in the Ukrainian language, as a sign of independence from Russia.

The group's name, Go_A, combines the English word "Go" as in "movement" and the first letter of the Greek alphabet "" (Alpha) as in "the start". This means that the band wants to return to their cultural roots.

The group started in 2012, when the sound producer Taras Shevchenko (not to be confused with the poet of the same name) met the ethnic singer Kateryna Pavlenko. The two musicians liked the mix between folk music and electronic music and they decided to form the group. They made their first song, "" («»), in December 2012.

The band became more famous in 2015, with the single "" («»), that won the Ukrainian national competition "The Best Track in Ukraine 2015".

In November 2016, Go_A made their first studio album, "" («», "Follow the Tune"), under Moon Records Ukraine.

On 22 February 2020, Go_A won "Vidbir 2020" with the song "" («», "Nightingale"). The winner song of that competition becomes the representative Ukrainian song for Eurovision Song Contest 2020. Go_A's song won with 12 points, the highest number of points in "Vidbir". It was the first time in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest that Ukraine had a song fully in the Ukrainian language. However, the COVID-19 pandemic stopped Eurovision before it started.

The next year, the group took part in Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with the song "" («», "Noise"). The song won fifth place, with 364 total points. However, the song was the second most-voted by the public, with 267 public vote points.

On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and all the band members were forced to run away from their homes. They still make music together and they make donations to help their country.


Darnytsia railway station

Darnytsia () is the largest Ukrainian Railways station (and the main freight station) of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, located in the city's Left-bank Darnytsia area.

Built in the nineteenth century, the Darnytsia railway hub has grown into a gigantic railway center, expanding for more than 10 km along the main east–west route. Started in 2004, construction is under way at the new Darnytsia railway terminal complex. When finished, the station will serve long-distance passenger trains, house own station of the Kyiv metropolitan, a two-storey car parking, a tunnel for automobile and tram traffic. The complex is meant to become Kyiv's second long-distance terminal, easing the traffic tension in the main Kyiv Passenger railway station.

Biryusinsk

Biryusinsk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 8,981 people lived there. From 1897 to 1967, it was known called Suyetikha ().

Baykalsk

Baykalsk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 13,583 people lived there.

Kirensk

Kirensk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 12,640 people lived there.

Nizhneudinsk

Nizhneudinsk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 36,999 people lived there.

Sayansk

Sayansk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 40,800 people lived there.

Beaumont-sur-Vesle

Beaumont-sur-Vesle is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Beaunay

Beaunay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Beine-Nauroy

Beine-Nauroy is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Neuchâtel Xamax FCS

Neuchâtel Xamax FCS is a Swiss football club from Neuchâtel which plays in the Swiss Challenge League.


Superwoman

Superwoman is a name used by several characters in the DC Comics universe as female versions of Superman.

Primarily this alias is used by an evil counterpart to Wonder Woman in the Crime Syndicate, evil versions of Justice League from another universe. The first one was Lois from Earth-Three. Her Post-Flashpoint counterpart from Earth 3 is also an evil version of Lois Lane and uses the Lasso of Submission as her main weapon. She is the lover of Owlman and the stepmother of Luthor-El; Ultraman's son. During the Infinite Frontier, she was replaced in the syndicate by the amazon Donna Troy.

The name "Superwoman" has also been used by female counterparts to Superman; with the main ones being his longtime allies Lucy Lane, Lois Lane and Lana Lang.

The "Superwoman" concept was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, first appearing in "Action Comics" #60 (1943).
Lucy Lane

Lucy Lane is a fictional supporting character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is the younger sister of Lois Lane, the daughter of Ella Lane and General Sam Lane. Formerly an airline stewardess, she has been romantically involved with Jimmy Olsen and later joined the military. During "Superman: New Krypton" she joined her father as a member of Project 7734 and used an experimental procedure to duplicate Kryptonian-like powers, becoming the ruthlessly evil Superwoman. Lucy Lane was created by Otto Binder and Curt Swan, first appearing in "Superman's Pal, Jimmy Olsen" #36. (1959)

She was played by Maureen Teefy in the 1984 movie "Supergirl" and Peyton List in the series "Smallville". Jenna Dewan played two alternate versions of Lucy in the Arrowverse series "Supergirl" (2015–2016) and "Superman & Lois" (2022–2023).
Meet Arnold

Meet Arnold is a YouTube cartoon show.

The first video was made August 2017, which focused on the dangers of falling out of an airplane while flying in the sky. The creator has not come out but Matthew Bates tells the stories.

In 2018, the series won the 10th Shorty Awards in second place.

The series is about Arnold J. Voorhees who does not get lucky, the story teller tells us what is happening and does not care for Arnold.

Kyiv-Pasazhyrskyi railway station

Kyiv-Pasazhyrskyi ("Kyiv-Passenger", ) is a railway station in the capital of Ukraine, Kyiv. The station is a railway hub with several railroad station buildings, along with its own repair facilities the Kyiv Electric Railcar Repair Shop, a railway depot with railyard, and the railway sports complex. The station is part of the so-called Kyiv Southern Railway loop.

There were more than 170,000 passengers per day in 2005). The Central and Southern (Pivdennyi) Station buildings are located on both sides of the tracks used by long-distance trains, connected with an overpass. They serve international trains, most Ukrzaliznytsia passenger trains, some suburban trains, and the Kyiv Boryspil Express to the Boryspil International Airport. Nrext to the Central building is the Suburban (Prymiskyi) station building which serves short-distance service for suburbs (including dacha areas), minor city stations, and nearby regions as well as the Kyivpastrans' urban rail passing through the Northern (Pivnichna) railway stop.

The Kyiv Metro station "Vokzalna" of the Sviatoshynsko-Brovarska Line is the station's main intersection with city transport. The Kyiv tram station Starovokzalna (the terminal of Kyiv's Right-Bank high-speed tram line) is also adjacent via a passageway.

Jonathan Crenshaw

Jonathan Dale Crenshaw (born 1972) is an American artist with no arms from Florida. He shows his art on the street. He was shown in a pizza review.

In 2018, he was stopped by police for attacking a tourist with scissors and claims he was trying to protect himself and he was let go.

Kyra Kupetsky

Kyra Kupetsky (born September 7, 1993) is an American cartoon maker and voice artist. 

She was born in Burbank, California and went to high school.

In 2017, she worked for BuzzFeed Animation Lab and made "The Good Advice Cupcake" and "Late Blumicorn". In 2020, she made Chickin Nuggit. There are 300 videos and 1 billion views in this series.

In 2023, a full series was announced which will be made by Frederator Studios, Genius Brands, BuzzFeed based on her own series.

She makes animation that is "cute and heartwarming" inspired by drawings she created when she was a child, and in her free time.

Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels

Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels is an American snack food. They are part of The Hershey Company.

Dorthy Henke, who found the company made pretzels due to harsh weather and used seasoning inspired by her family’s cooking. She sold her pretzels to events in Arizona. There are 400 production places.

CEO of Hershey, Michele Buck bought the company for $1.2 billion.

In 2023, the factory in Velva, North Dakota was closed. They offered to help the employees who lost their jobs.

Lviv railway station

Lviv-Holovnyi railway station is the main railway terminal in Lviv, Ukraine. It is one of the most notable pieces of Art Nouveau architecture in former Galicia. The station was opened to the public in 1904, and celebrated its centenary on 26 March 2004. It handles over 1.2 million passengers and moves 16 thousand tons of freight a month.

Construction of an extensive network of railways within the Austro-Hungarian Empire allowed the city of Lemberg (its German name at the time) to keep its position at the crossing of several notable trade routes. As the capital of Galicia, the city needed a new, representative and large railway station that would suit the city needs and replace the old neo-Gothic railway station built between 1861 and 1862 with the Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis.

Qassam rocket

The Qassam rocket is a missile created by the military wing of the Hamas movement, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades. The rockets cannot be fired near civilian areas and especially not in huge population centers.
Since 2001 when the first Qassam rocket was made, there have been 3 different models of the Qassam rocket. Rockets for other militant groups in Palestine are also called Qassams by the Israeli media.

Gare de l'Est

The Gare de l'Est (; English: "Station of the East" or "East station"), officially Paris Est, is one of the seven large mainline railway station termini in Paris, France. It is in the 10th arrondissement, not far southeast from the Gare du Nord.

Opened in 1849, it is currently the fifth-busiest of the six main railway stations in Paris before the Gare d'Austerlitz. The Gare de l'Est is the western terminus of the Paris–Strasbourg railway and Paris–Mulhouse railway which goes to Basel, Switzerland.

The Gare de l'Est was opened in 1849 by the Compagnie du Chemin de Fer de Paris à Strasbourg (Paris–Strasbourg Railway Company) under the name "Strasbourg platform" ("Embarcadère de Strasbourg"); an official inauguration with President Louis Napoléon Bonaparte took place the next year. The platform corresponds today with the hall for main-line trains. Designed by architect François Duquesnay, it was renamed the "Gare de l'Est" in 1854, after the expansion of service to Mulhouse.

National Space Society

The national Space Society (NSA) is an orginzation from 1969-4020. It was primarily attacked at russia furing the space race to win against them. it is now the leading defence agencuy in the USA.
Slope (mathematics)

In mathematics, the slope or gradient of a line is a number that says how steep a line is. It is calculated by dividing the vertical change which is called the rise by the horizontal change which is called the run, between two different points on the line.

Gare de Lyon

The Gare de Lyon, officially Paris Gare de Lyon, is one of the seven large mainline railway stations in Paris, France. It handles about 148.1 million passengers annually according to the estimates of the SNCF in 2018, with SNCF railways and the RER D accounting for around 110 million and the RER A accounting for 38 million, making it the second-busiest station of France after the Gare du Nord and one of the busiest in Europe.

The station is located in the 12th arrondissement, on the right bank of the river Seine, in the east of Paris. Opened in 1849, it is the northern terminus of the Paris–Marseille railway. It is named after the city of Lyon, a stop for many long-distance trains departing here, most en route to the South of France. The station is served by high-speed TGV trains to Southern and Eastern France, Switzerland, Germany, Italy and Spain. The station also hosts regional trains and the RER and also the Gare de Lyon Métro station.

Main line trains depart from 32 platforms in two distinct halls: Hall 1, which is the older train shed, contains tracks labelled with letters from A to N, while the modern addition of Hall 2 contains tracks which are numbered from 5 to 23. There are four platforms for the RER underneath the main lines.

Paris–Marseille railway

The railway from Paris to Marseille is an 862-kilometre long railway line, that connects Paris to the southern port city of Marseille, France, via Dijon and Lyon. The railway was opened in several stages between 1847 and 1856, when the final section through Lyon was opened. The opening of the LGV Sud-Est high speed line from Paris to Lyon in 1981, the LGV Rhône-Alpes in 1992 and the LGV Méditerranée in 2001 has reduced its importance for passenger traffic.

The Paris–Marseille railway leaves the Gare de Lyon in Paris in southeastern direction. It crosses the river Marne at Charenton-le-Pont, and follows the right Seine bank upstream until Crosne, where it follows a course east of the Forest of Sénart. It crosses the Seine near Melun and follows the left Seine bank upstream, along the Forest of Fontainebleau. Beyond Montereau-Fault-Yonne, the railway follows the left Yonne bank upstream. At Migennes the Yonne is crossed, and the small rivers Armançon, Brenne and Oze are followed upstream. Beyond Blaisy-Bas the railway enters the watershed of the Mediterranean Sea, descending the Ouche river valley to central Dijon.

At Dijon the railway turns south, running along the east side of the Côte d'Or escarpment with its famous vineyards. At Chalon-sur-Saône the railway reaches the river Saône, and follows its right bank downstream until the city centre of Lyon. Before and after the Lyon-Perrache station it crosses the Saône and the Rhône respectively, and continues downstream along the left Rhône bank. Between Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or (north of Lyon) and La Guillotière (a southern quarter of Lyon) there is a parallel line to its east, on which the other main station of Lyon, Part-Dieu, is situated. There is also a long parallel line on the right bank of the Rhône between Lyon and Nîmes, which is mainly used for freight transport.

The railway passes through Valence, Avignon and Arles, where it leaves the Rhône and turns east. It passes along the northern shore of the Étang de Berre. The terminus is Marseille-Saint-Charles station.

The main stations on the Paris–Marseille railway are:

Marseille-Saint-Charles station

Marseille-Saint-Charles (French: "Gare de Marseille-Saint-Charles") is the main railway station and intercity bus station of Marseille, France. It is the southern end of the Paris–Marseille railway and western end of the Marseille–Ventimiglia railway.

It opened on 8 January 1848. It was built for the Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée on the land where the Saint Charles Cemetery used to be. The station is on top of a small hill and is linked to the city centre by a set of stairs. Since 2001, the TGV has dramatically reduced the travel time between Marseille and Northern France. Traffic has increased from 7.1 million annual passengers in 2000 to 16.5 million in 2017. This makes the station the eleventh busiest in France.

New underground parking lots and a tunnel have allowed the station to be renewed. A new hall, the "Halle Honnorat", was created for shops and services. A new pedestrian square was created, between the station and the Aix-Marseille University site of Saint-Charles. New pedestrian spaces with cafe terraces have also been created on top of the grand stairs. In December 2007, a €230 million modernisation was completed.

Aix-Marseille University

Aix-Marseille University is a public research university in the Provence region of southern France. It was founded in 1409 when Louis II of Anjou, Count of Provence, asked the Pisan Antipope Alexander V to establish the University of Provence. It is the fourth-oldest university in France. It came into its current form by a merger of the University of Provence, the University of the Mediterranean and Paul Cézanne University in January 2012. It is the largest university in the Francophone world, with about 80,000 students. AMU has the largest budget of any academic institution in the French-speaking world at €750 million. It is consistently ranked among the top 200 universities in the world and is ranked within the top 4 universities in France according to CWTS and USNWR.

There are five main campuses in Aix-en-Provence and Marseille. AMU also owns and operates facilities in Arles, Aubagne, Avignon, Digne-les-Bains, Gap, La Ciotat, Lambesc and Salon-de-Provence. The university headquarters are in the 7th arrondissement of Marseille.

It has produced many notable alumni in the fields of law, politics, business, science, academia, and the arts. Four of its alumni and faculty have won Nobel Prizes. One won the Pulitzer Prize twice. Four won César Awards. Alumni have also been heads of state or government, parliamentary speakers, government ministers, ambassadors and members of the constituent academies of the .

It has hundreds of research and teaching partnerships, including close collaboration with the French National Centre for Scientific Research and the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission. AMU is a member of numerous academic organisations including the European University Association and the Mediterranean Universities Union.

The Blue in You

The Blue in You () is a 1992 South Korean romance movie directed by first time director Lee Hyun-seung. It stars Kang Soo-yeon, Ahn Sung-ki, Choi Yu-ra, Kim Hyeong-il, Kang Neung-won. It was distributed by Sekyung Film Co., Ltd.


Rail transport in the Netherlands

Rail transport in the Netherlands has a dense railway network which connects nearly all the major towns and cities. There are as many train stations as there are municipalities in the Netherlands. The network has on of track. Three-quarters of the lines have been electrified.

The Dutch rail network is mostly for passenger transport. Rail travel is the majority of the distance travelled on Dutch public transport. The national rail infrastructure is managed and maintained by the government agency ProRail, and a number of operators have concessions to operate their trains. The entire network is standard gauge. The Netherlands is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC), and its country code is 84.

Most Dutch trains have Wi-Fi. They don't have food, except on some international trains, due to the short distances involved.

Den Haag Centraal railway station

The oldest station in The Hague is Den Haag Hollands Spoor, opened in 1843 by the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij when the railway between Amsterdam and Leiden was extended to The Hague and Rotterdam. This station was some distance from the city centre, just across what was then the municipal boundary of Rijswijk. In 1870, the Nederlandsche Rhijnspoorweg-Maatschappij (NRS) opened a second station in The Hague closer to the city centre. This station, Den Haag Rijnspoor, would service eastbound trains to Gouda and Utrecht. When the NRS was nationalised in 1890, this Gouda–Den Haag railway became the property of the Maatschappij tot Exploitatie van Staatsspoorwegen, and the station was renamed Den Haag Staatsspoor.

Fosterøyane

Fosterøyane is an archipelago in Svalbard. There are 3 islands in the group. It is between Nordaustlandet and Spitsbergen.

Amsterdam Centraal station

Amsterdam Centraal station ( ) is the largest railway station in Amsterdam, North Holland, the Netherlands. A major international railway hub, it is used by 192,000 passengers a day, making it the second busiest railway station in the country after Utrecht Centraal and the most visited Rijksmonument of the Netherlands.

National and international railway services at Amsterdam Centraal are provided by NS(Nederlandse Spoorwegen), the principal rail operator in the Netherlands. Amsterdam Centraal is the northern terminus of Amsterdam Metro routes 51, 53, 54, and stop for 52 operated by municipal public transport operator GVB. It is also served by a number of GVB tram and ferry routes as well as local and regional bus routes operated by GVB, Connexxion and EBS.

Amsterdam Centraal was designed by Dutch architect Pierre Cuypers and opened in 1889. It features a Gothic, Renaissance Revival station building and a cast iron platform roof spanning approximately 40 metres.

Since 1997, the station building, underground passages, metro station, and the surrounding area have been undergoing major reconstruction and renovation works to accommodate the North-South Line metro route, which was opened on 22 July 2018. Amsterdam Centraal has the second longest railway platform in the Netherlands with a length of 695 metres. Due to the length, each platform may serve two trains.

The Story of Our Home

The Story of Our Home () is a 2016 North Korean drama movie directed by Ri Yun-Ho and was the first North Korean movie to screen publicly in South Korea in 2018. It stars Paek Sol-mi, Kim Thae-Gum and Kim Pom-Gyong.

Rijksmonument

A rijksmonument (, ) is a national heritage site of the Netherlands, listed by the agency Rijksdienst voor het Cultureel Erfgoed acting for the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science.

At the end of February 2015, the Netherlands had 61,822 listed national heritage sites. About 1,500 of them are archaeological sites.

Until 2012, a place had to be over 50 years old to be eligible. The law governing the monuments is the "Monumentenwet van 1988" ("Monument Law of 1988").

The organization responsible for caring for the monuments, which used to be called "Monumentenzorg", is now called Rijksdienst voor het Cultureel Erfgoed. In June 2009, the Court of The Hague decided that individual purchasers of buildings that were listed as rijksmonuments would be exempt from paying transfer tax, effective from 1 May 2009. Previously this exemption had only applied to legal entities.

Many Dutch tourist attractions are rijksmonuments, such as castles or windmills. Some notable windmills are De Schoolmeester, Westzaan, a smock mill in North Holland, the only wind powered paper mill in the world, listed as rijksmonument number 40013; De Wieker Meule, De Wijk, in Drenthe province, built in 1829 and restored to working order, listed as rijksmonument number 39657; and Mellemolen, a hollow post mill in Friesland, also restored to working order, listed as rijksmonument number 35937. Among the rijksmonuments are also many churches. Most rijksmonuments are residential buildings, such as houses and villas.

Jaish-e-Mohammed

Jaish e-Mohammed is a militant group active in Kashmir. The group's goal is to put Indian controlled Kashmir into the control of Pakistan. The group has also been allegedly supported by the Pakistani government in its efforts to take control of Indian controlled Kashmir.

Stranger in Town (Toto song)

"Stranger in Town" is a 1984 song by American rock band Toto and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Isolation". It went to number 30 in the United States, number 100 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Canada and number 40 in Australia. It also went to number 7 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Utrecht Centraal railway station

Utrecht Centraal, officially Station Utrecht Centraal (), is the transit hub with three bicycle parks, two bus stations, two tram stops and the central railway station for Utrecht, Netherlands. It is the biggest train station in the Netherlands.

Both the railway station and the bus station are the largest and busiest in the Netherlands. The bicycle parking station on the east side is the largest in the world.

The railway station has sixteen platform tracks (of which twelve are through tracks) and 207,360 passengers per day, excluding transfers. Because of its central location in the Netherlands, Utrecht Centraal is the most important railway hub of the country with more than 1,000 departures per day.

The first railway station at the site was opened on December 18, 1843, when the Nederlandsche Rhijnspoorweg-Maatschappij opened the first station on Utrecht territory.

In 1938, the station became the central station as the "Maliebaanstation", on the other side of the city, was closed and the line from Hilversum was diverted into the central station. The station building of 1865 remained in place, though a fundamental renovation was done in 1936. Two years later, a fire burned down most of the building, which was later rebuilt.

The station building was demolished in the 1970s to make way for Hoog Catharijne, then Europe's largest enclosed shopping mall, which opened on 17 December 1973. From that moment onwards, the station no longer had a real entrance; the passageways of the shopping mall just continued into the station. In 1989 the station hall was enlarged (tripling the original size) to increase capacity. In 1995, the station hall was again enlarged, with a new platform.

Between 2011 and 2016, the station underwent a major reconstruction as one of the NSP projects of the Dutch government and as part of a general reconstruction of the Utrecht station area. The station hall was replaced by a new, much larger hall, housing all modes of public transport. The new structure with its curved roof, was designed by Benthem Crouwel Architekten. The roof has three curves: a large one in the middle for the railway station and two smaller ones for the bus/tram stations on either side. New sheltering roofs were built for all platforms and the station was separated from the Hoog Catharijne shopping area.

A scale model of Utrecht Centraal is on display at Madurodam.

Rail transport in Portugal

Several companies provide rail transport in Portugal.


Portugal is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Portugal is 94. There are rail links with Spain, which uses the same Iberian broad gauge.

Infraestruturas de Portugal is the rail network administrating company, taking over control from REFER on 1 June 2015.

The length of Portugal's railway system is as follows:

International Union of Railways

The International Union of Railways (French: "Union internationale des chemins de fer", UIC) is an international rail transport industry body.

When founded in 1922 the UIC had 51 members from 29 countries, including Japan and China. They were joined by members from the Soviet Union, the Middle East and North Africa. As of February 2024, the UIC has 218 members across five continents. Of these there are:




The Joe Rogan Experience

The Joe Rogan Experience is a podcast made and hosted by comedian and UFC color commentator Joe Rogan. He first started the podcast on December 24, 2009 and it is hosted on Spotify. Clips for the show are also uploaded on their YouTube channel. In 2023, it was the most listened to podcast on Spotify in both the United States and Worldwide. The show has had many well known guests on it, such as Elon Musk, Bernie Sanders, and Edward Snowden.

In May 2020, Rogan signed a deal around $200 million with Spotify to have them exclusively host the show. Rogan would sign a new deal worth $250 million with Spotify in February 2024. The new deal would not be exclusive with Spotify.

The podcast has had some controversy. It has been criticised for hesitancy on COVID-19 vaccines, climate change denial, and Rogan's past use of racially insensitive language.


Sami Yousafzai

Sami Yousafzai (Pashto: سمی یوسفزی) is an Afghan Journalist and War Reporter in Afghanistan and Pakistan. 

Abdul Sami Yousafzai was born in Afghanistan in 1972 to a Yusufzai Pashtun family, as a boy he along with his family became refugees of the Soviet-Afghan War after 1979 and they had to leave their hometown. He grew up alongside millions more Afghan Refugee Children in the city of Peshawar, Pakistan.

In 1993 he studied Journalism at Dawa'a al-Jihad University set up at an Afghan Refugee camp by Afghan Mujahideen Fighter Abdul Rasul Sayyaf. He initially started as a sports journalist but switched to begin a career in war reporting in 1997. He covered militancy politics for Newsweek Magazine and the Daily Beast News Publication as well as a producer for CBS News since 2005. Throughout his career he has met with Taliban Officials in Afghanistan as well as the President of Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai in 2013. He also met with the Taliban delegation in 2019 at Moscow, Russia including Salam Hanafi, who would become Deputy Prime Minister of Afghanistan.

In 2008, a Taliban Commander invited him and a Japanese Journalist friend of his, "Motoki Yodsukura" for an interview in the outskirts of Peshawar, where instead a gunman opened fired on him with two shots. He sustained one shot in the hand and the other by his chest, skimming past his heart and was lodged in his left arm.

Tri-Rail

The Tri-Rail is a commuter rail service serving between Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and West Palm Beach managed by the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority. First opened on January 9, 1989, Tri-Rail currently has 19 stations.
Tweed Heads, New South Wales

Tweed Heads is a coastal city in New South Wales. It is located at the mouth of the Tweed River in the Northern Rivers region. It is the seat of the Tweed Shire Council.

Tweed Heads is located on the border between New South Wales and Queensland. Just north of Tweed Heads on the other side of the border is the suburb of Coolangatta on the Gold Coast.

Tweed Heads is often considered a place where people can change time zones. This is because between October and April, New South Wales has daylight savings, but Queensland does not, which means Queensland is one hour behind New South Wales during those months. People often go to Tweed Heads on New Year's Eve because they can celebrate twice by simply crossing a street.

Predecessor

Predecessor is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game developed and published by Omeda Studios, powered by Unreal Engine 5. The game started its buy-to-play early access phase in November 2022. The subsequent transition to free-to-play open beta is slated to commence on March 28th, 2024.

Predecessor is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game characterized by its third-person perspective. The game features symmetrical maps, with bases located at opposing ends. Players aim to dismantle the core within the adversary's base to achieve victory. The game map is divided into four primary zones: Offlane, Jungle, Mid Lane, and Duo Lane.. Defensive towers are strategically positioned along each lane, automatically engaging and neutralizing adversaries within their designated range, thereby safeguarding the allied bases. Each lane consists of two defensive towers and an inhibitor structure. The demolition of these key structures by a team results in the spawning of more formidable minions within the respective lane.

Within a match of Predecessor, ten participants are divided into two opposing teams, each comprising five players. Each participant assumes control of a character known as a "Hero." Upon acceptance of the match invitation, individuals are prompted to specify their preferred role within the game. This information is visible to teammates, fostering a collaborative effort toward constructing a balanced team composition. However, instances may arise wherein multiple players express a preference for the same role. In such scenarios, the game's mechanics intervene, autonomously assigning one player to the desired role while the other is allocated an available alternative. In the gaming structure of Predecessor, every Hero is equipped with a basic attack and possesses a set of four unique abilities. These abilities serve various purposes, such as executing offensive or defensive maneuvers and providing passive enhancements. They are designed to enhance the Hero's capabilities or offer support to teammates within the game environment.

As heroes obtain additional gold through the completion of in-game objectives, they acquire the opportunity to receive items from the shop. These items can modify hero abilities in various ways, including enabling teleportation to new locations, granting invisibility, manipulating time, and other effects. Moreover, experience is received to increase a hero's attributes, such as strength, attack speed, health, and various other aspects, thereby contributing to the enhancement of their overall effectiveness within the game.

Predecessor, is the inaugural title of Omeda Studios, founded in 2020 by Robbie Singh, Andrea Garella, and Steven Meilleur. In 2021, Omeda Studios was granted funding from Epic Games through their Epic MegaGrants program. The initial funding of $2.2 million has been designated towards the development of Predecessor, a video game inspired by Epic Games' multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) title, Paragon. Paragon, originally released in 2016, was discontinued by Epic Games in 2018.. To help facilitate that vision, Steve Superville, Paragon's creative director joined Omeda Studios as an advisor in June 2021. Paid Early access for the PC was accessible on the Epic Games Store and Steam on December 1st 2021. In 2022, Omeda Studios secured $20 million in funding to invest in Predecessor. On December 5th, 2023, a Closed Beta was accessible to all North American and European players on the PS4 and PS5.

Yasmin Hani

Yasmin Hani first gained popularity as an artist when her talent began to gain attention through the entertainment program, Muzik @ Ria produced by Astro, a few years ago. Yasmin also hosted a reality show, Keynote.

Yasmin Hani and her friends are also active in carrying out charity work helping those called street dwellers through her participation with the Reach Organization (Reach Org) which is run in collaboration with talent scouts, Kleo & Tony. He actively helps a number of people whose lives are impoverished behind skyscrapers, in the back alleys of a cosmopolitan city like Kuala Lumpur. They sleep in the company of dew, they don't change their clothes, they even eat and drink, hoping for mercy.
Ulvi Hasanli

Ulvi Hasanli (Ulvi Fakhreddin oglu Hasanov was born August 10, 1987, in Kirovabad) is an Azerbaijani journalist and political activist. He previously worked in organizations such as Dalga Youth Movement, Free Youth Organization, National Council of Democratic Forces and NIDA Civil Movement. Hasanli is currently the head of AbzasMedia.

Hasanli, who faced a lot of pressure during his activities, was detained in November 2023 and charged with Article 206.3.2 (Smuggling by a group of people) of the Criminal Code.

He was born on August 18, 1987 in the city of Kirovabad (now Ganja). In 2005, he graduated from Ganja city secondary school No. 29 and entered the Azerbaijan State Oil Academy, but was removed from the academy in 2006 due to his political activities. Later, Hasanli studied at Azerbaijan University of Tourism and Management in 2008-2013.

In the 2000s, he worked in the Dalga Youth Movement and became the chairman of the organization. He later became the founder and chairman of the Free Youth Organization established in 2011. He resigned from this position in November 2013. At the same time, Hasanli, a member of the National Council of Democratic Forces, became a member of the NIDA Civil Movement. During his tenure at NIDA VH, he later became a member of the Board of Directors of NIDA Civil Movement.

Ulvi Hasanli is the director of "AbzasMedia" online publication, founded in 2016. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, Abzas Media is one of the few independent institutions left in Azerbaijan after a series of raids, arrests and criminal investigations against independent media and press freedom groups since 2014. AbzasMedia is known for its investigations of government officials into business deals, including alleged corruption in the reconstruction works in Karabakh since 2020. In addition, Ulvi Hasanli participated in the parliamentary elections in Azerbaijan in 2020 as a neutral candidate.

During his political activity, Ulvi Hasanli faced continuous persecution by the Azerbaijani government. He was detained in March 2011 during the "Great People's Day" action. In September 2017, Hasanli underwent a medical examination related to compulsory military service and was given a postponement until 2019 due to rheumatism and kidney problems. Despite this, another examination was scheduled for Hasanli in October, and he was detained by the military police in the hospital where he went for examination. After the young activist was taken to the military commissariat, he was sent to a military unit in Barda district. At that time, he was not warned about his military service, he was not given the opportunity to say goodbye to his family and get his affairs in order. In November of the same year, under the chairmanship of judge Elshad Shamayev of the Baku Court of Appeals, the complaint of NIDA Movement activist Ulvi Hasanli about illegal arrest and inhuman, degrading treatment and torture was considered, but his complaint was not upheld. He was one of the three journalists who protested against the 2022 legislation that would force media outlets to register with the state media register. In June 2023, Hasanli was detained by the Azerbaijani police at the Binagadi District Police Station for reporting on the events of . He was detained that year during a flash mob held by a group of political activists at the US Embassy.

In November 2023, pro-government Azerbaijani media outlets "AbzasMedia", "Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty", "Voice of America", "BBC Azerbaijan", "ToplumTV" and "MeydanTV" were accused of "overshadowing what the government has won in Karabakh". . On November 20, 2023, the editor-in-chief of "AbzasMedia" Sevinj Vagifqizi reported that Ulvi Hasanli was detained at Heydar Aliyev International Airport. He added that this incident is politically motivated and related to Hasanli's journalistic activities. Later, it became known that Hasanli was taken to the Baku City Police Department. After Hasanli was detained, the authorities searched the Baku office of "AbzasMedia" and did not allow journalists to enter the editorial office. The police also claimed to have found 40,000 euros in cash during a search of AbzasMedia's offices, but AbzasMedia stated that this money was placed to falsify the charges against Hasanli. In addition, according to Hasanli's statements, he was tortured and physically abused by the police during his detention. According to the statement made by AbzasMedia, the questions asked by the investigators were about the corruption investigations of those state bodies. Later, Sevinj Vagifqizi was also detained by the police at the airport. Ulvi Hasanli was charged with Article 206.3.2 of the Criminal Code (Smuggling by a group of persons).

Organizations such as Amnesty International , the Committee for the Protection of Journalists, and the International Press Institute called Ulvi Hasanli's arrest illegal and demanded his release.

Preventative Coup of November 11

The Preventative Coup of November 11 were military events in Brazil. They were done by Henrique Teixeira Lott. 

The coup led to Nereu Ramos becoming the president until he was succeeded by Juscelino Kubitschek. The coup had no injuries or deaths and peacefully removed Carlos Luz from being president. The tensions led to Brazil having three presidents in one week.

Chasing Ghosts

Chasing Ghosts is the fifth studio album by Stabbing Westward. The album was released on March 18, 2022.

Abdul Rasul Sayyaf

Abdul Rasul Sayyaf ( ; ; born 1946) is an Afghan Politician in exhile and former Mujahideen Fighter. 

He became known during the Soviet-Afghan War as a commander with international Jihad ties to the Arab world. After the fall of Kabul in 1992, he was with the transitional government of Burhanuddin Rabbani and then the Northern Alliance against the Taliban.

Sayyaf was born in 1946 in Paghman, Kabul Province He was born to a Ghilzai Pashtun family. 

He holds a degree in religion from Kabul University and a masters from Al-Azhar University in Cairo. Sayyaf was a member of the Afghan-based Ikhwan al-Muslimin, founded in 1969 by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Dr. Burhanuddin Rabbani and having strong links to the original and much larger Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt. 

After the April Revolution of '78 he was imprisoned by the new authority, he was freed in controversial circumstances by General Secretary Hafizullah Amin, who, coincidentally, was Sayyaf's distant relative. 

He became leader of the Islamic Union for the Liberation of Afghanistan ("Ittihad-i-Islami Baraye Azadi Afghanistan"), a coalition of several parties fighting the Soviet and Afghan government forces. The Islamic Union soon imploded, and Sayyaf retained the name as the title of his own organization. Sayyaf fought against government forces in the 1980s and primarily financed by Saudi Arabia. In 1985, he founded a university in an Afghan refugee camp near Peshawar called "Dawa'a al-Jihad" (Call of Jihad), which has been described the "preeminent school for terrorism." Ramzi Ahmed Yousef, who masterminded the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, attended it.

Despite his growing wealth, he continued to live a spartan life, avoiding modern conveniences like mattresses and air conditioning; although he enjoyed a nightly game of tennis.

Ziaul Hoque Polash

Ziaul Hoque Polash is a popular Bangladeshi actor and director. He is quite popular especially among the audience for his humorous character. He has become quite popular among the audience especially among the youth by playing the role of "Kabila" in the drama Bachelor Point. Also became well known as "Parvez" in the drama Family Crisis. In this play, he mainly gained popularity for speaking fluent poetry without his rhythm.

 
Collinsville, Connecticut

Collinsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Glastonbury Center, Connecticut

Glastonbury Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Hazardville, Connecticut

Hazardville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Notti Osama

Ethan Reyes, popular as Notti Osama, was born on January 17, 2008, in Harlem, New York. Despite his young age, Notti already had a promising music career ahead of him.

Tragically, his life was cut short after being stabbed to death at a subway station in July 2022. Notti’s music focused on the harsh realities of growing up in Harlem as a young teenager.

His lyrics gave a raw perspective into street life, violence, and the dangers he faced daily. Though controversial, Notti’s music resonated with many young hip-hop fans and his popularity was rapidly growing at the time of his death.


Notti Osama grew up in the Harlem neighborhood. From a young age, Notti was exposed to the dangers of the streets, including violence, crime, and drugs. Music became an escape for Notti. He was inspired by Harlem rappers like A$AP Rocky and began writing his lyrics at age 12.

By 13, Notti adopted the name Notti Osama and started releasing rap songs on YouTube. His breakout track “Whip Him” caught the attention of the local rap scene and underground hip-hop blogs. Notti’s raw, explicit lyrics about violence and his aggressive drill rap style resonated with young hip-hop fans.

One of six siblings, Notti Osama grew up in a bustling household. The bond he shared with his family profoundly influenced his music, instilling a sense of authenticity and raw emotion in his songs.


Notti began collaborating with other young NYC rappers and steadily gained notoriety. In March 2022, he released his debut mixtape ‘Don’t Start No Stuff’, which included his hit song “Subway Shooter.” The mixtape ranked on the iTunes Hip-Hop chart, proving Notti’s rising commercial appeal.

Songs like “Big Opps” and “Gang Gang” racked up millions of streams. By mid-2022, Notti performed sold-out shows and earned co-signs from rap icons like 50 Cent. Leading up to his death, Notti’s profile was quickly rising.

Notti Osama’s music is categorized as “drill rap” – an aggressive hip-hop subgenre that originated in Chicago in the early 2010s. Drill rappers often use hard-hitting, trap-influenced beats and lyrics about street violence.

Notti was part of a new wave of young NYC drill rappers. Some of his biggest influences were fellow Harlem artists like A$AP Rocky, Dave East, and the late Pop Smoke. Notti’s lyrics discussed life in Harlem and the dangers he faced, including gang disputes, guns, and drugs.

On July 9, 2022, 14-year-old Notti was fatally stabbed during an altercation at a subway station in Inwood, NY. He was rushed to the hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.

Notti’s murder shed light on the ongoing epidemic of youth violence plaguing New York City. Yet his death also cut short the career of a promising young musical artist on the verge of stardom.

The hip-hop community mourned the loss of Notti and the harsh realities faced by young rappers today. His death was a tragic reminder of how dangerous the path to fame can be for aspiring young musicians.

Despite his short career, Notti Osama’s music left a lasting impact. His menacing drill rap style encapsulated the unforgiving nature of street life. Songs like “Gang Gang” amassed over 5 million YouTube views posthumously.

Major artists like 50 Cent and producer London on da Track paid tribute to Notti after his death. His gritty lyrics documenting life as a Harlem youth on the brink of fame will continue inspiring future NYC rappers.

While Notti’s musical legacy lives on, his death remains an immense loss. The hip-hop community can only imagine what he may have accomplished if his life wasn’t cut short so young.
Kensington, Connecticut

Kensington is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Manchester (CDP), Connecticut

Manchester is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

North Granby, Connecticut

North Granby is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Plantsville, Connecticut

Plantsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Salmon Brook, Connecticut

Salmon Brook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Sherwood Manor, Connecticut

Sherwood Manor is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Simsbury Center, Connecticut

Simsbury Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Southwood Acres, Connecticut

Southwood Acres is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Suffield Depot, Connecticut

Suffield Depot is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

DD Osama

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

David DeShaun Reyes (born November 29, 2006), known professionally as DD Osama, is an American rapper based in New York.

David DeShaun Reyes was born in Harlem, New York. Reyes is the third youngest of six siblings.

In 2021, Reyes released his first song “Aftermath” alongside his brother Ethan Reyes who was also known as Notti Osama, and fellow rapper Blockwork. Reyes began receiving recognition around June 2022.

In July 2022, his 14-year-old brother, the rapper known professionally as Notti Osama was stabbed to death. His killing led to a surge in the popularity of their song "Dead Opps", and the creation of the song E.4.N (Everything for Notti). DeShaun has collaborated with rappers Sugarhill Ddot and Chicago native Lil Zay Osama and with Lil Baby, Lil Durk, Rylo Rodriguez, and Coi Leray.

In December 2022, DD Osama and fellow New York rapper Lil Mabu released a single "Throw" alongside an accompanying music video. In February 2023, he worked with rapper Coi Leray and released a song titled "Upnow". Shortly after releasing his album "Here 2 Stay", he released the single "Let's Do It" twice, one with NLE Choppa and the other with fellow Harlem rapper DeePlay4Keeps. He is affiliated with the gang OY (Original Youngins), screaming his set's name in songs.

In July 2023, Reyes went on the tour "Sorry for the Drought" with Lil Durk.



Portals:

Categories: 

Tariffville, Connecticut

Tariffville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Terramuggus, Connecticut

Terramuggus is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Parsa Evana

Parsa Evana is a young Bangladeshi actress, model, dancer, and social influencer. She is active in drama and modeling. She’s best known for starring in Let’s Have a Walk shows, Yea Noy Biye, and Bou Jodi Emon Hoy.

Evana is a famous Bangladeshi actress, model, and dancer who has appeared in a number of television dramas based on Bangladeshi dramas. She began her career as a dancer when she won the ChannelI Shera Nachiye Championship in 2013, gaining international attention. She has appeared in films such as Biye Korte Chai (2019), The Stranger (2019) and Tabij (2021). Recently Parsa completed the TV Movie Sweeper Man, The Beggar, Dui din dui raat, IICU. This talented actress is also active on social media.

 
Thompsonville, Connecticut

Thompsonville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Weatogue, Connecticut

Weatogue is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

West Simsbury, Connecticut

West Simsbury is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Kajal Arefin Ome

Kajal Arefin Ome is a Bangladeshi Television director who is best known for Bachelor Point drama series. He has directed drama like Sorry Sir, Arekti shondeher golpo, Beachlor point, Oshomoy,Hotel Relax and many more.
 
Quarter Past Midnight

"Quarter Past Midnight" is a 2018 song by British band Bastille and is the leading single from their third studio album "Doom Days". It went to number 65 in the United Kingdom, number 55 in Scotland, number 76 in the Netherlands and number 29 in Belgium. It also went to number 15 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs charts.

Armigatus

Armigatus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ellimmichthyiforms from the Cretaceous. Fossils have been found in Mexico, Croatia, the Middle East, and North Africa.

The generic epithet "Armigatus" means "bearer of armor". The species name "brevissimus" signifies "shortest, smallest". This explains why it is named like that.

This small fish does not go beyond 10 cm in length. It has a compact body, with a long dorsal fin. It has a large foramen. They have a round and smooth posterior margin.

Smallhead stickleback

The smallhead stickleback ("Gasterosteus microcephalus") is a stickleback. Some authorities think it is a synonym of "Gasterosteus aculeatus" or a subspecies of that taxon.

Secret Touch

"Secret Touch" is a 2002 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the second single from their 17th studio album "Vapor Trails". It went to number 25 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Please Don't Make Me Cry

"Please Don't Make Me Cry" is a 1970 song by reggae singer Winston Groovy and its best known version is the 1983 single by UB40. It was taken from their fifth studio album "Labour of Love" and is the following up the their hit single "Red Red Wine". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 41 in New Zealand, number 4 in the Netherlands and number 11 in Belgium.

Comboios de Portugal

Comboios de Portugal, (CP; English: Trains of Portugal) is a state-owned company which operates passenger trains in Portugal.

It started in October 1856 with the opening of the first railway line in Portugal. Most of the network is Iberian gauge lines, as in Spain. During the 1950s, the Portuguese railway network was about , its greatest extent. In 1975, the Portuguese Railway Company was nationalised When passenger numbers decreased, various lines were shut down, with almost a quarter of the rail network being closed by the twenty-first century.

During 1999, it introduced a new service, the Alfa Pendular, which operates between Braga - Porto - Lisbon - Faro using tilting trains. Since 2005 the company runs only passenger train services. Management of the railway infrastructure is done by Infraestruturas de Portugal . Cargo activities were transferred to private company MSC who operate them under the "Medway" label. In 2015, a new long-term strategy for Portugal's railway network was started. The full electrification of the network, the provision of European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS), and the general modernisation and improvement of trunk routes and international services is being conducted. 


Kim Newman

Kim James Newman was born on 31 July 1959 in London. He is a journalist, film critic, and writer who loves horror fiction and film history. He won awards for his work on horror fiction. His first novel, The Night Mayor, was published in 1989. He also wrote a series of novels under the pen name "Jack Yeovil" for Games Workshop. In 1992, he published Anno Dracula, a novel that imagines Dracula ruling England in an alternative history. Newman has written other novels like Life's Lottery and The Quorum.
Iberian-gauge railways

Iberian gauge is a railway track gauge of , used by the railways of Spain and Portugal. This is the second-widest gauge in regular use anywhere in the world. Indian gauge railways, , are wider. 

In 1955, the Iberian gauge was a compromise between the slightly different, gauges in Spain and Portugal. The main railway networks of Spain were built to a gauge of six Castilian feet. In Portugal they were first built to a and later to a gauge of five Portuguese feet – close enough to allow interoperability with Spanish railways.

Since the 1990s new high-speed passenger lines in Spain have been built to the international standard gauge of , to allow these lines to link to the European high-speed network. Although the 22 km from Tardienta to Huesca (part of a branch from the Madrid to Barcelona high-speed line) has been reconstructed as mixed Iberic and standard gauge, in general the interface between the two gauges in Spain is dealt with by means of gauge-changing installations, which can adjust the gauge of appropriately designed wheelsets on the move.

There are plans to convert more of the Iberian-gauge network in Spain and Portugal to standard gauge. Concrete sleepers pre-drilled with additional bolt holes allow for moving one rail to adjust the track to standard gauge (or to dual gauge) or the narrowing of the gauge by moving both rails closer together maintaining the perfect alignment of the loading gauge.

The Indian gauge () is closely similar, with only difference. Chile and Argentina have bought second hand Spanish/Portuguese Iberian-gauge rolling stock. 1,668 mm trains can run on 1,676 mm gauge without adaptation, but for better stability in high-speed running a replacement wheelset may be required. Due to the narrower gauge, a strong wear of the wheels may occur if the wheelset is not replaced.

Japan Railways Group

The Japan Railways Group, more commonly known as the JR Group. Except JRF, all JR companies give customers passenger trains. JRF operates only freight service. JR groups is largest railway company in Japan and is still spreading all over Japan.

The six passenger railways of the JR groups are separated by region. Each of them provide services in their business area. However, some trains operates through more 2 companies.

There are many JR stations in all over Japan. Every day about over 21,000,000 people use JR train. Most of stations are usually open from 4 or 5 a.m. until 1 a.m. the next day. Some stations are open later or close ealrier. 

Urban stations have convenience store. They sell many things, including newspaper, drinks, foods and so on. There are also many shops inside the ticket gates, which are called "駅ナカ"(ekitana) in Japanese.

Each of stations are given original numbering. For example, Tokyo station is given JT-01, JK-26, JY-01, JC-01, JO-19 and JE-01. The numbering is made for passengers' convenience.

JR networks are composed of Shinkansen lines and conventional lines. Shinkansen trains run over 320km/h(about 200 mph). On conbentional lines not only local train, but also Limited express train. Limited express trains are faster than local train; Usually, Limited express trains run 100-130km/h(about 60-80mph).

There are 7 line service. Some shinkansens are connected. For example, Tokaido Shinkansen is connected to Sanyo Shinkansen at Shin-Osaka station. 

Shinkansen is famous for the safe and non-delay service. Shinkansen is major transportation in Japan.

Typical Shinkansen is NOZOMI. You take NOZOMI train, it requires only about 140 minutes to travel to Osaka from Tokyo. NOZOMI is operated every 4 minutes.

There are many line service and the network is complex. JR companies are try to be simple. 

Typical Conbentional line is Yamanote Line. Yamanote line is connecting most of major station in Tokyo. It is loop service and only local trains are running. Further example is JR-Kyoto Line. On JR-Kyoto Line, not only local train, but also Rapid, Special Rapid, Limited Express"Thunder bird", "Haruka", "Super Hakuto" so on.

To take JR trains, you should pay fare. As you travel far and far, fare is more expensiver. Tickets for a short distance is sold at automatic vending machine. If you want to ticket which are not selling on vending machine, go to Ticket Office. 

To take Limited Express train, you should pay additional charge, which are called "特急料金" in Japan. So you should buy a normal ticket(called "乗車券") and a Limited Express ticket(called "特急券").

JAPAN RAIL PASS is a ticket offered jointly by the six JR Group companies, and it is convenient and reasonably priced for traveling throughout Japan by train. JAPAN RAIL PASS is vailed for the person who are foreign tourist. Except NOZOMI and MIZUHO, you can take any JR trains.

Cowboy Casanova

"Cowboy Casanova" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her third studio album, "Play On" (2009).

The music video for "Cowboy Casanova" was directed by Theresa Wingert.

It premiered on CMT on October 2, 2009.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for seven consecutive weeks.

Hermitage School District (Pennsylvania)

Hermitage School District is one of the school districts of Hermitage.
State-owned enterprise

A state-owned enterprise (SOE) is a government owned organisation which is started or nationalised by a government. 

This may be to 


The national or provincial government has majority ownership over these state owned enterprises. They are also known as public sector undertakings in some countries. They have distinct legal forms. The government defines what they should do. (e.g., a state railway company may aim to make transportation more accessible and earn profit for the government).

They are common with natural monopolies.

In both Eastern Europe and Western Europe, there was a massive nationalization throughout the 20th century, especially after World War II. In the Eastern Bloc, countries adopted very similar policies and models to the USSR. Governments in Western Europe saw state intervention as necessary to rebuild economies shattered by war. Government control over natural monopolies was common. Typical sectors included telephones, electric power, fossil fuels, iron ore, railways, airlines, media, postal services, banks, and water. Many large industrial corporations were also nationalized or created as government corporations, including, among many others: British Steel Corporation, Statoil and Irish Sugar.

DSB (railway company)

DSB, an abbreviation of "Danske Statsbaner", "Danish State Railways"), is the largest Danish train operating company, and the largest in Scandinavia. DSB is responsible for passenger train operation on most of the Danish railways, but not goods transport and railway maintenance. DSB runs a commuter rail system, called the S-train, in the area around the Danish capital, Copenhagen, that connects the different areas and suburbs in the area. Between 2010 and 2017, DSB operated trains in Sweden.

DSB was founded in 1885, when the state-owned companies "De jysk-fynske Statsbaner" and "De sjællandske Statsbaner" merged. The state in 1867 under the name De Jutland-Fynske Statsbaner took over the private company Det Danske Jernbanedriftselskab and in 1880 they also took over the privately owned Zealand Railway Company.

It is an independent public state-owned corporation under the Danish Ministry of Transport and Energy. 

Leptomantis belalongensis

Leptomantis belalongensis is a frog. It lives in Brunei and Malaysia.

The adult male frog is 25.8-30.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.7-38.2 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is gray or light brown in color. There are small dark brown spots on its back and sides. There are some blue spots on the sides of the body. The iris of the eye is red and yellow in color with a black circle around the outside.

This frog lives in rainforests. It sits on plants next to streams, 1-3 m above the ground. People have seen the males 10 m above the ground. The female frog lays eggs in a foam nest on leaves over streams.

People saw this frog in Brunei where two rivers came together and in Gunung Mulu National Park in Malaysia. Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because, even though it only lives in a small place, that place is only in protected parks: Ulu Temburong National Park and Gunung Mulu National Park.

DJ Phil

Philip Eze, professionally known as Dj Phil, is a Nigerian disc jockey, music producer, and entrepreneur. He is the first official DJ in Nigeria to have a Dj mix project sit in the top 10 albums on Apple music’s chart.

His Dj mix peaked at number 2 on the chart and he has since released various mixes with official support from Apple Music that have done immensely well. Dj Phil is popular in the ever buzzing nightlife industry in Lagos, having several residencies at nightclubs in Lagos and around Nigeria..

Born & raised in Lagos, Nigeria, Philip Eze “'DJ Phil” began his music career at a young age. Philip, like he is fondly called by family and close friends, is a prolific and super talented Disk jockey and entertainer.

DJ Phil picked up an interest in the beautiful rhythms and melodies he was exposed to from his schooling at a young age. His big break came shortly after he zeroed in on his decision to pursue music professionally in 2016 supported by an emerging youth alternative culture that was gradually making its way from the obscure underground circles to the mainstream market.

DJ Phil gained popularity by performing at various clubs and parties in the city. His breakthrough came in 2022 when he released a mixtape called Amapiano Essentials exclusively on Apple Music. It became a hit, reaching number 7 on the Apple Music Nigeria Top Albums chart and staying in the top 10 for weeks. This success followed his earlier mixtape release in 2016 called Strange Tales.

In 2021 and 2022, there was a rise in the popularity of DJ mixes on Apple Music in Africa, and DJ Phil was among those who benefited from this trend. His mixtape, Amapiano Essentials, became one of the notable releases in the country, further boosting his career.


Principle of contradiction

The principle of contradiction (principium contradictionis), in logic, is a term that applies to the second of the three primary "laws of thought." The oldest statement of the law is that contradictory statements cannot both at the same time be true, e.g. the two propositions "He is Cynical" and "He is not Cynical" are mutually exclusive. That is, one of these must be false as both cannot hold truth at the same time and in the same manner.

Rail transport in Denmark

The rail transport system in Denmark has 2,633 km of railway lines. The Copenhagen S-train network, the main line Helsingør-Copenhagen-Padborg (at the German border), and the Lunderskov-Esbjerg line are electrified. Most traffic is on passenger trains. There is also a lot of cargo that goes between Sweden and Germany.

Maintenance work on most Danish railway lines is done by Banedanmark, a state-owned company that also allocates tracks for train operators. Most passenger trains are operated by DSB, with Arriva and Nordjyske Jernbaner operating on some lines in Jutland. Freight transport is mainly done by DB Schenker Rail, although other operators take care of a significant portion of the local traffic.

Denmark is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Denmark is 86.

Rail transport in Norway

The Norwegian railway system has 4,109 km of (standard gauge) track of which 2,644 km is electrified and 274 km double track. There are 697 tunnels and 2,760 bridges.

The Norwegian Railway Directorate manages the railway network in Norway on behalf of the Ministry of Transportation. Bane NOR is a state enterprise which builds and maintains all railway tracks, while other companies operate them. These companies include Vy and subsidiaries Vy Gjøvikbanen and CargoNet, Flytoget, Go-Ahead, SJ Norge, Green Cargo, Grenland Rail and Hector Rail.

Norway is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Norway is 76.

Oslo Central Station

Oslo Central Station is the main railway station in Oslo, and the largest railway station in the Norwegian railway system. It connects with Jernbanetorget station, which is served by trams and the Oslo Metro. It's the end of the Drammen Line, Gardermoen Line, Gjøvik Line, Hoved Line, Østfold Line and Follo Line. It serves express, regional and local rail services by four companies. The railway station is operated by Bane NOR while its real estate subsidiary, Bane NOR Eiendom owns the station, and was opened in 1980.

Oslo Central Station was built on the site of the older Oslo East Station. Combining the former east and west stations was made possible by the opening of the Oslo Tunnel. Oslo Central Station has 19 tracks, 13 of them have connections through the Oslo Tunnel. The station has two buildings, the original Oslo East building and the newer main building for Oslo Central. Each building houses a large shopping centre. The square in front of the station is called Jernbanetorget.

Luciano De Ambrosis

Luciano De Ambrosis (born 1937) is an italian actor and voice actor from Turin. He is the father of the voice actor Massimo De Ambrosis.

Bergen station

Bergen Station is the main railway station in the city of Bergen, Norway. It is a terminal station on the Bergen Line, and serves trains from Oslo as well as the Bergen Commuter Rail from Arna, Voss and Myrdal. It is located on the east side of the city centre and has four platforms. The station was opened in 1913, four years after the Bergen Line itself opened; it replaced a former main station that was located further west.

The station building is one of the grandest in Norway. The architect, Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland, designed it in the National Romantic style. He also designed Gamlehaugen, and the stone buildings at Bryggen. The building has been protected against non-trivial modifications since 2003.

Narvik Station

Narvik is a railway station in Narvik Municipality in Nordland, Norway on the Ofoten Line. The station is in the town of Narvik, about from the end of the line at the Port of Narvik. There are three daily passenger trains from Kiruna, Luleå and Stockholm in Sweden. Vy Tåg runs the passenger trains. The station is above sea level and is from Stockholm. It was opened in 1902 along with Ofotbanen and the Iron Ore Line.
Narvik is the farthest north station in the Schengen Area. It is the farthest north standard-gauge railway station in the world. It is the northern end of one of Europe's most celebrated night trains. The leaves Stockholm around six every afternoon and reaches Lappmarken early the following morning. Then it goes over the mountains which are the modern frontier between Sweden and Norway to reach the Ofotfjord. On the south shore of the fjord is the port of Narvik, where it arrives early afternoon. It is a journey which has been praised as "surely one of the most engaging adventures by train in all Europe".

Onward journey is by bus only. The Narvik bus station is about further south (). Northbound buses stop also at the E6 highway () a few hundred metres from the railway station, but not at the railway station. Southbound buses go from the bus station.

Found Heaven

Found Heaven will be the third album by Conan Gray. It will be released on April 5, 2024, by Republic Records.

The whole tracklist hasn't been announced. Five of the tracks have been announced.

Found Heaven On Tour

Found Heaven On Tour will be the fifth concert tour by Conan Gray. It is for his album "Found Heaven". It will start on July 11, 2024, and end on November 10, 2024.

Rail transport in Sweden

Rail transport in Sweden is a network of 10,912 kilometres (6,780 mi). The first railway line in Sweden was built in 1855. The major operator of passenger trains was the state-owned SJ. Today around 70% of all rail traffic is subsidised local and regional trains. They are run by the regional public transport authorities. Passenger traffic has increased significantly since 2000. In 2019 Sweden was number five in the world measured in passenger kilometres per person and number three in the European union. It was 8th in the world when measured by passenger share.
In 1988 the Swedish parliament separated the ownership of rail infrastructure from train operations. Sweden was the first European country to do this. They also opened the railway system to private train operators, including open-access operators, with competitive bidding for regional service contracts. 

In 2019, the Swedish railways were called 'the most deregulated railways in the world'.

Sweden is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Sweden is 74.

SJ AB

SJ (formally "SJ AB") is a government-owned passenger train operator in Sweden. It was created in 2001, out of the public transport division of "Statens Järnvägar." That was a government agency. It was divided into six separate government-owned limited companies. In 2018, SJ carried 31.8 million passengers.

SJ's runs both subsidised and unsubsidised services. . The subsidised trains are awarded through competitive bids. However, some trains fall in between these categories, since public transit agencies can pay SJ to allow transit pass holders to use SJ's trains.

SJ received a government bailout a few years after its creation, but has since had profit margins of up to 10 %. All train operators in Sweden pay low track access charges to the track authority, Trafikverket.

Rail transport in Russia

Rail transport in Russia is one of the biggest railway networks in the world. Russian railways are the third longest by length and third by volume of freight hauled, after the railways of the United States and China. In overall density of operations (freight ton-kilometers + passenger-kilometers)/length of track, Russia is second only to China. Rail transport in Russia has been described as one of the economic wonders of the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries.

JSC Russian Railways has a near-monopoly on long-distance train travel in Russia, with a 98.6% market share in 2017. Independent long-distance carriers include Grand Service Express TC, Tverskoy Express, TransClassService, Sakhalin Passenger Company, Kuzbass Suburb, and Yakutian Railway.

Russia is larger than both the United States and China in terms of total land area. Its rail density (rail tracking/country area) is lower than those two countries. Russia's population density is also much lower so the Russian railways carry freight and passengers over very long distances, often through vast, nearly empty spaces. Coal and coke make up almost one-third of the freight traffic and have average hauls of around 1,500 kilometers. Ferrous metals make up another 10% of freight traffic and travel an average of over 1,900 kilometers. Railroads are often key to getting supplies to remote parts of the country.

Like most railways, rail transport in Russia carries both freight and passengers. It is one of the most freight-dominant railways in the world, behind only Canada, the United States, and Estonia in the ratio of freight ton-kilometers to passenger-kilometers. Per head of population intercity passenger travel is far greater than the United States (which has the lowest long-distance passenger train usages in the developed world).

There are seventeen regional railways. Most rail of the network uses the 1,520 mm Russian gauge. The Poland–Russia border line to Kaliningrad uses the 1,435 mm Standard gauge.

In 1981, there were 33,400 kilometers of narrow gauge.

Rail transport in Austria

Rail transport in Austria is mainly owned by the national rail company ÖBB. The railway network consists of 6,123 km, its gauge is and 3,523 km are electrified. 

There are some funiculars, rack railways and a lot of heritage railways mainly on disused lines. Some secondary lines are set up in narrow gauge.

Austria is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Austria is 81.

Austrian Federal Railways

The Austrian Federal Railways and formerly the or BBÖ), now commonly known as ÖBB, is the national railway company of Austria. It also runs Liechtenstein's railway. The ÖBB group is owned entirely by the Republic of Austria. It is divided into several separate businesses that manage the infrastructure and operate passenger and cargo services.

The Austrian Federal Railways was first formed in 1923, using the "Bundesbahn Österreich" name, as a successor to the Imperial Royal Austrian State Railways. It was incorporated into the "Deutsche Reichsbahn" during the 1938–1945 Anschluss. It was reformed in 1947, under the slightly different name "Österreichische Bundesbahnen", and still uses this name.

The Austrian rail system is mostly electrified. Electrification began in 1912 but did not reach an advanced state until the 1950s. The last steam locomotive in regular service on the standard gauge network was retired in 1978.

Major changes currently being made to the Austrian railway network are the construction of the Koralm Railway, the Semmering Base Tunnel and the Brenner Base Tunnel connection with Italy. 

Eurobarometer surveys conducted in 2018 showed that satisfaction levels of Austrian rail passengers are among the highest in the European Union when it comes to punctuality, reliability and frequency of trains. Furthermore, with their "Nightjet" brand, ÖBB operates Europe's largest night train fleet.

Unlike other major railway companies in Europe that offer more flexible cancellation policies, ÖBB only offers two types of tickets: full-price tickets, and cheaper but non-exchangeable and non-refundable tickets.

Rail transport in Latvia

Rail transport in Latvia is done on Russian gauge. The main railway company is the state-owned Latvian Railways (LDz), with its subsidiary Pasažieru vilciens running passenger services.

Latvia had lot of different rail gauges, both standard gauge and narrow gauge. These were gradually replaced by the Russian gauge after the Soviet occupation of the Baltic states.

The Rail Baltica project aims to connect Latvia and the other Baltic states to the European standard gauge by approximately 2030. Ten regional stations are planned in the section from Bauska to Salacgrīva.

Although PV has been a monopoly in passenger trains, in February 2022 the Road Transport Administration of the Ministry of Transport of Latvia announced the first market survey on potential private rail passenger service providers.

Riga Central Station

Riga Central Station ( is the main railway station in Riga, Latvia. It is known as the main point of Riga due to its central location, and most forms of public transport stop in this area. Part of the building is a shopping centre.

Three rail mainlines connect the station to the east:
Two rail mainlines connect the station to the west:
The Rail Baltica line is planned to go through the station. In February 2024, the first Rooftop Ceremony for the line was performed there. Riga Central Railway Hub will become the largest passenger terminal in the Baltics. 

List of captains regent of San Marino 1500-1900

This is a list of captains regent of San Marino from 1500 to 1900. They are elected every six months

(information is very incomplete).

Andrea Sabbatini April 1527

Federico Gozi October 1629- October 1640

Giulio Alberoni end Oct 1739

Antonio Onofri October 1791- April 1821

Lodovico Belluzzi April 1821-April 1834

Domenico Maria Belzoppi April 1834- April 1853

Innocenzo Bonelli April 1853-April 1878

Camillo Bonelli October 1878

Domenico Fattori October 1878-April 1900


Rail transport in Lithuania

Rail transport in Lithuania has freight shipments and passenger services. The first railway line in Lithuania began in 1859. , the total length of railways in Lithuania was . Lietuvos Geležinkeliai, the national state-owned railway company, runs most of the passenger and freight services.

The country has a mixed gauge network: Most of it is broad gauge Russian standard. The new lines use the standard gauge or dual gauge track. In 2020, Lithuania together with the other Baltic states began construction of the Rail Baltica high-speed rail which will have an operating speed of 249 km/h for the passenger trains. The project marks a new era for Lithuanian railways and is expected to be completed by 2030.

Lithuania is a member of the Intergovernmental Organisation for International Carriage by Rail (OTIF) and International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Lithuania is 24. As an EU member, the country is in the European Union Agency for Railways. It is also a member of Interrail and Eurail. Lithuania was ranked 16th among national European rail systems in the European Railway Performance Index 2017 assessing intensity of use, quality of service and safety.

Lithuanian Railways

Lithuanian Railways, abbreviated LTG, is the national state-owned railway company of Lithuania. It runs most of the railway network in the country. It has several subsidiary companies. The main ones are: LTG Link which provides passenger services, LTG Cargo which provides freight service, and LTG Infra which is responsible for the maintenance and development of the infrastructure. 

During 2022, Lithuanian Railways transported 4.69 million passengers and 31.0 million tonnes of freight; the majority of freight was oil products and fertilizers.

Vilnius railway station

Vilnius Central Railway Station is an LTG Link train station in Vilnius, Lithuania. The railway station is between two neighbourhoods of Vilnius — Naujininkai and Naujamiestis — and on the edge of the Old Town.

The station was opened in 1869 while building the Saint Petersburg–Warsaw Railway. It was destroyed in 1945 during the World War II and in 1950 it was rebuilt in socialist realism style. The station was renovated in 1998 and then again in 2023.

Precociality and altriciality

In the study of biology of birds and mammals, some babies are born needing a lot of care because they can't move much. These babies are called altricial. Others are ready to move and do things on their own soon after they are born. These babies are called precocial. Precocial babies are often ready to leave their home (like a nest) very soon after they are born or hatched. 

In fish, the difference is about if a baby fish is born with a stomach ready to digest food. Precocial fish babies have a stomach from the start, but altricial fish babies do not.

Altricial babies are not ready to do much when they are born. They need their parents to feed them and keep them safe for a while.

The word "altricial" comes from a Latin word that means "to feed". This is because these babies need to be fed by their parents.

Precocial babies are more ready to take care of themselves soon after they are born or hatched.

"Precocial" comes from a word that means "early ripening" in Latin.

The difference between altricial and precocial babies matters because it affects how the animals live, how they are cared for by their parents, and how they survive in the wild.

There are many kinds of animals between these two types.

Province of Pennsylvania

The Province of Pennsylvania was a British colony in North America that existed from 1681 until 1776. It was founded by William Penn under a royal charter granted by King Charles II. Penn envisioned Pennsylvania as a place of religious freedom and tolerance, attracting settlers from various European countries seeking refuge from persecution.

The history of the Province of Pennsylvania begins with the granting of land by King Charles II to William Penn in 1681. Penn, a Quaker, sought to establish a colony where people of all religious beliefs could live together peacefully. He named the colony "Pennsylvania," which means "Penn's Woods" in honor of his father, Admiral William Penn.

Pennsylvania quickly became a haven for religious dissenters, including Quakers, Mennonites, Baptists, and others fleeing persecution in Europe. The colony's policy of religious tolerance and democratic governance attracted settlers from diverse backgrounds.

Philadelphia, founded in 1682, became the capital of Pennsylvania and a thriving commercial center. It was known as the "City of Brotherly Love" and played a crucial role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Continental Congress and a hub of revolutionary activity.

Throughout the colonial period, Pennsylvania was marked by a unique blend of cultures and traditions. The colony's economy was based on agriculture, trade, and manufacturing, with Philadelphia emerging as a leading center of commerce and industry.

The government of the Province of Pennsylvania was characterized by its democratic principles and commitment to religious freedom. William Penn established a representative assembly known as the Pennsylvania Provincial Council, which worked alongside the governor to enact laws and govern the colony.

Pennsylvania's society was diverse, with settlers from various European countries, including England, Scotland, Ireland, Germany, and Sweden. The colony's policy of religious tolerance allowed different faiths to coexist peacefully, contributing to its reputation as a haven for religious minorities.

The Province of Pennsylvania played a significant role in the history of the United States. Its commitment to religious freedom, democratic governance, and cultural diversity laid the foundation for the principles upon which the nation was built.

Pennsylvania was one of the original thirteen colonies that rebelled against British rule during the American Revolution. The Declaration of Independence was signed in Philadelphia in 1776, marking the colony's transition to statehood and its contribution to the birth of a new nation.

Today, Pennsylvania is a state known for its rich history, vibrant cities, and diverse population. Philadelphia remains a cultural and economic center, while the state's rural areas are characterized by agriculture and natural beauty.
Rail Baltica

Rail Baltica is a rail infrastructure project that is intended to link the Baltic states to the . The plan is to improve rail connections between Central and Northern Europe southeast of the Baltic Sea. The plan is for a continuous rail link from Tallinn (Estonia) to Warsaw (Poland), going through Riga (Latvia), Kaunas, and Vilnius (Lithuania). Its total length in the Baltic States is , with in Estonia, in Latvia, and in Lithuania. Rail Baltica is one of the priority projects of the European Union. 

Rail Baltica will be the first large-scale mainline standard gauge railway in the area. The rail networks in Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are mainly in Russian gauge (1,520 mm). These countries' first railways were built in the second half of the 19th century while they were part of the Russian Empire. 

The benefits to Baltic society and business may be €16.2 billion, according to a study produced by Ernst & Young. At the end of April 2021, governments of Estonia and Finland promised to cooperate in the area of transport. 

Rail Baltica will be an electric railway, which will reduce carbon emissions. The railway has been planned to avoid Natura 2000 protected areas, and minimising impacts on other environmentally sensitive protected areas. Noise protection barriers will be installed. Special animal passages will be built through the embankment.

The railway project will enable transportation of freight through two or more methods of transportation. Rail Baltica includes plans for three multimodal freight terminals in Muuga Harbour (Estonia), Salaspils (Latvia), and Kaunas (Lithuania). There will be seven international passenger stations—in Tallinn, Pärnu, Riga, Riga Airport, Panevežys, Kaunas, and Vilnius. There could be regional stations and connections to airports and seaports. Riga Central Railway Hub will become the largest passenger terminal in the Baltics.

The section from Helsinki to Tallinn will be operated by existing commercial ferries. In the future, a proposed Helsinki to Tallinn Tunnel could provide a rail link between the two cities.

Rail transport in Estonia

The rail transport system in Estonia has about of railway lines, of which are currently in public use. The infrastructure of the railway network is mostly owned by the state and is regulated and surveyed by the Estonian Technical Surveillance Authority.

All public railways in Estonia are (Russian gauge). The gauge used in Estonia is also compatible with Finland's gauge. Sometimes it is defined to be when buying track maintenance or vehicles from Finland.

Railways in Estonia today are used mostly for freight transport, but also for passenger traffic. 8.3 million passengers were reported in 2019. Passenger transport is most frequent near Tallinn, centred on the main Tallinn Baltic Station.

The Tallinn to Tartu railway is due to be electrified by 2024, with electrification of the remaining network expected to be completed by 2028. 16 new electric trains manufactured by Škoda Transportation are due to come into service starting 2024.

Tallinn Baltic Station

Baltic Station () is the main railway station in Tallinn, Estonia, and the largest railway station in Estonia. All local commuter, long-distance and international trains depart from the station. The planned Rail Baltica line will not go here, but to Ülemiste railway station.

Balti jaam is in central Tallinn immediately northwest of the city's Old town. It stands close to a large market called the Baltic Station Market.

The first station opened in 1870 when a railway line connecting Saint Petersburg with Paldiski via Tallinn was opened. The station was completely reconstructed between 1960–1966, and in 2005, the station building was completely renewed.

Ülemiste railway station

Ülemiste railway station () is a railway station in the Ülemiste sub-district of Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia. It is about 500 metres from Tallinn Airport, to which it has been connected by a tramline since 2017.

The station is served by the trains of the Estonian government-owned passenger train operator, Elron. Express trains from Tallinn Baltic Station stop at Ülemiste on the way to Tartu and Narva, and there is a commuter service to stations on the line to Aegviidu.

Ülemiste station will be Rail Baltica's Tallinn terminus, which is planned to open in 2030. High-speed trains on Rail Baltica will connect the three Baltic capitals to Poland using the new standard-gauge railway. An international competition was held to find a design for the new terminal with "Light Stream" by Zaha Hadid Architects being declared as the winner. The new station will be directly linked to Tallinn Airport by a pedestrian bridge.


Elron (rail transit)

AS Eesti Liinirongid, operating as Elron, is a government-owned passenger train operator in Estonia.

Before 2014, the company ran the electrified commuter rail system in Harjumaa. It was known until October 2013 as "Elektriraudtee", i.e. "the Electrical Railway". On 1 January 2014, Elron took over all domestic passenger train services in Estonia from Edelaraudtee.

The company was founded as "Elektriraudtee" in 1998. It started as a subsidiary of Eesti Raudtee. It was separated entirely within two years. 

In May 2013, the Estonian government declared that Elron would be the sole domestic passenger operator in Estonia. The Estonian operator Edelaraudtee was taken away from the passenger sector. There was a legal dispute between Edelaraudtee and the Estonian government over compensation for lost revenue from the operator's forced withdrawal from passenger services.

Faggots (novel)

Faggots is a 1978 book by Larry Kramer. It is a parody of New York's gay community before AIDS existed. The book showing gay sex and usage of drugs caused many to dislike and was condemned by the gay community.

Andrea Sabbatini

Andrea Sabbatini (1487–1530) was a Captain Regent of San Marino. He was also an Italian painter of the Renaissance.

Who You'd Be Today

"Who You'd Be Today" is a song written by Aimee Mayo and Bill Luther and recorded by American country music singer Kenny Chesney. It was released in September 2005 as the first single from Chesney's 2005 album "The Road and the Radio".

The music video was directed by Shaun Silva and premiered on CMT on September 29, 2005.

The music video reached number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of December 15, 2005.

Amurru (god)

Amurru, also known under the Sumerian name Martu (in Sumerian and Sumerograms: 𒀭𒈥𒌅), was a Mesopotamian god who served as the divine personification of the Amorites. In past scholarship it was often assumed that he originated as an Amorite deity, but today it is generally accepted that he developed as a divine stereotype of them in Mesopotamian religion. As such, he was associated with steppes and pastoralism, as evidenced by his epithets and iconography. While this was initially his only role, he gradually developed other functions, becoming known as a god of the mountains, a warlike weather deity and a divine exorcist.
Yedlinite

Yedlinite is a purple mineral that can be found at Mammoth-Saint Anthony Mine, Arizona, United States. It has a formula of Pb₆Cr(Cl,OH)₆(O,OH)₈. It was discovered in 1974 and named after Leo Neal Yedlin.

Usman (name)

Usman is the Turkish, Persian, and Urdu translation of the Arabic name Uthman. The first usage of the name in the English speaking world was William Osmere during the rule of King Henry III in the year 1230 as Osman.

Afghan refugees

Afghan refugees are people from Afghanistan who had flee their country as a result of war or persecution. In 1978, the Saur Revolution occured followed by the 1979 Soviet invasion which made a wave of refugee migration to neighboring Iran and Pakistan, as well as internationally from there. Due to decades of continuous civil war, over 6 million Afghan refugees were living in Iran and Pakistan by 2000. Most refugees returned to Afghanistan following the 2001 United States invasion and the end of the Taliban regime. However after 2021 when the Taliban came back to power, a number started to leave the country while others returned to Afghanistan. 

Abdul Salam Hanafi

Abdul Salam Hanafi is from Jowzjan Province in northern Afghanistan. He has studied at various religious seminaries in Karachi, Pakistan.

An ethnic Uzbek, Hanafi was born in 1969 in Jowzjan Province.

He later moved to Pakistan for further religious studies. He studied the traditional Islamic sciences, mathematics, logic and other subjects at a university called Jamia Darul Uloom in Karachi. 

Outside religion he also studied computer science, accounting and languages, mastering, outside his native Uzbek, Pashto, Persian, English, Arabic, Urdu, Kyrgyz, Turkmen and Turkish.

Karl Putzendopler

Karl Putzendopler (24 April 1898 – 11 January 1983) was an Austrian football player. He played for Rapid Wien and FC Basel. 1928-29 he was player coach of FC Black Stars Basel and reached promotion to the Swiss Serie A. 

Dawa'a al-Jihad

Dawa'a al-Jihad (Arabic: "Call to Struggle") was a militant university established at an Afghan refugee camp near Peshawar, Pakistan, by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in the 1980s.

Zdeněk Nehoda

Zdeněk Nehoda (born 9 May 1952, in Hulín) is a former Czech football forward. At international level, he played for Czechoslovakia, making 91 appearances and scoring 31 goals, usually as a right-winger. He was a participant in the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He won a gold medal in the UEFA Euro 1976 and a bronze medal in the UEFA Euro 1980. He was known for his flamboyant dribbling skills, and stood out for his leadership qualities, he was a quick winger who beat the opponents very often, he is regarded as one of the best Czechoslovak football players of all time. 
The former Czechoslovakia international started his career in Hulín. For the 1967/68 season, the striker was signed by TJ Gottwaldov, with whom he made his debut in the first division in 1969 at the age of 17. In 1971 he moved to Dukla Prague, where he stayed until 1983, winning three championships and winning the cup twice.

At the beginning of 1983 he went to the then second division club SV Darmstadt 98, for whom he scored 14 goals in 32 games until December 1983. He then moved to Belgium to Standard Liège, where he stayed for six months. He then played for FC Grenoble for two years. From 1986 to 1993 he was a player and later player-coach of the Austrian SC Amaliendorf.

Zdeněk Nehoda played 345 games in the Czechoslovak First League and scored 145 goals.
He played 90 international matches for the Czechoslovak national team and scored the second most goals with 31 goals, making him the Czechoslovakian record national player. He became European football champions with Czechoslovakia in 1976 and came third at the European Championships in Italy in 1980. He took part in the 1982 World Cup, but was eliminated with Czechoslovakia after the preliminary round. In the qualifying games for the 1976 European Football Championship, he scored four goals in seven appearances and qualified with coach Václav Ježek's national team as group winners ahead of England and Portugal for the European Championship finals from June 16th to 20th, 1976 in Yugoslavia. In the qualifying games for the 1980 European Championship in Italy, he scored two goals in three appearances for coach Jozef Vengloš's team.
Even before Zdeněk Nehoda became an officially licensed player's agent, he worked as a manager at Dukla Prague in 1991, and from 1992 to 1994 he worked in the same position at Sparta Prague . In 1995 he was briefly a manager at Union Cheb.

Since 1995 he has been working as a player agent with his own company NEHODA-FOTBAL sro; the players he represents include, for example, Pavel Nedvěd and Tomáš Řepka.
TJ Gottwaldov

Dukla Prague

Czechoslovakia


Wenxiu

She was the wife of last emperor of china
Pavel Durov

Pavel Valeryevich Durov ( born 10 October 1984) is a Russian-born French-Kittitian–Emirati entrepreneur. He started the social networking site VK and the app Telegram Messenger. He is the younger brother of Nikolai Durov. In 2024 his net worth is estimated at $11.5bn billion. In 2022, he was the richest person in the United Arab Emirates, according to "Forbes". In February 2023, "Arabian Business" named him the most powerful entrepreneur in Dubai.

He left St Petersburg after he refused to share the data of some Ukrainian users of VK with Russia’s security agency, the FSB. He has been called a freedom fighter with coding ingenuity.

For some years after 2014, the Durov brothers travelled the world in self-imposed exile as citizens of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

In 2017, Pavel joined the World Economic Forum Young Global Leaders as a representative of Finland. Durov was naturalized as French in August 2021 and now has European Union citizenship.

Netrawati river

Netrawati River is located in the Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of Nepal. Netrawati River is also known as the Ankhu Khola River. The river flows more than 200km far away from East to West. It's width is 6m and the bottom is 35m wider. Netrawati merges with the of Nepal. 

The main source for the .
Leptomantis pseudacutirostris

The Sumatran sharp-nose tree frog ("Leptomantis pseudacutirostris") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia in Kerinci Seblat National Park. People have seen it 1000 meters above sea level.

Scientists do not know much information about this frog. They think it lives in forests on hills and mountains. They think it lays eggs in clear, rocky streams.

In 2017, scientists looked at this frog's DNA. They think it could be the same frog as "Rhacophorus modestus". 

Government of Russia

The government of Russia is the executive body of state power of the Russian Federation. The members of the government are the prime minister, the deputy prime ministers, and the federal ministers. The legal basis is the Constitution of the Russian Federation and the federal constitutional law "On the Government of the Russian Federation". The Apparatus of the Government of Russia is a governmental body which administers the activities of the government.

According to the current 1993 constitution, the president is not a part of the government of Russia, which exercises executive power. However, the president appoints the prime minister.

According to the constitution, the government of the Russian Federation must:

Processing

Processing is graphics library and IDE made for teaching non programmers programming in a visual way. It uses the Java language with simplification and more classes. It uses a GUI for making it easier to make and run a program. It has been used in projects such as Arduino and Wiring. It was created by former MIT workers Casey Reas and Ben Fry in the year 2001.

Socialist Alliance (Australia)

Socialist Alliance (Australia) is a federally registered political party in Australia. Formed in 2001, it operates under a unique 'Constitution' , which aligns with doctrines of radical Socialism and Communist-like social, political and economic models.
Ministry of Interior (Pakistan)

The Ministry of Interior (Urdu: وزارتِ داخلہ, abbreviated as MoI) is a Cabinet-level ministry of the Government of Pakistan, tasked and primarily responsible for implementing the internal policies, state security, administration of internal affairs involving the state and assisting the government on territorial affairs of Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata), and insular areas of Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA).

Rail transport in Finland

The Finnish railway network has a total track length of . The railways are built with a broad 1524 mm track gauge. is electrified. 

Passenger trains are run by the state-owned enterprise VR. These services cover all major cities and many rural areas. The coverage is less than the coverage provided by the bus services. Most passenger train services originate or terminate at Helsinki Central railway station. VR also operates freight services. Maintenance and construction of the railway network itself is the responsibility of the Finnish Rail Administration, which is a part of the Finnish Transport Agency. Cargo yards and large stations may have their own signalling systems.

Finnish trains have a reputation for being spacious, comfortable and clean. The scenery round the railway lines is beautiful, especially in Eastern Finland with its many lakes. Commuter services are rare outside the Helsinki area, but there are express train connections between most of the cities. Night trains only run on the lines between Helsinki or Turku via Oulu to Lapland (minimum distance of . Most tracks are free for nightly freight traffic (about 40 million tonnes per year). 

VR Group

VR-Group Plc, commonly known as VR, is a government-owned railway company in Finland. It runs Finland's passenger rail services with 250 long-distance and 800 commuter rail services every day. It has 7,500 employees and net sales of €1,251 million in 2017.

VR was created in 1995 after being known as , Finnish: Suomen Valtion Rautatiet (Finnish State Railways) from 1862 to 1922, and "Valtionrautatiet" ('State Railways', ) from 1922 to 1995.

Avecra is a subsidiary for onboard catering service, Pohjolan Liikenne for bus traffic, VR Track for developing and maintaining of infrastructure and VR Transpoint for freight. Since 2017, its headquarters is in northern-central Helsinki.

Rail transport started in Finland in 1862 between Helsinki and Hämeenlinna. Many main lines and smaller private railways were built later. VR mainly operated on the high-demand main lines. During the twentieth century, most private railway companies were shut down and VR had a monopoly in rail transport.

Since 2010, the maintenance and the construction of the railway network have been the responsibility of the Finnish Transport Agency. The operation and network were originally carried out by the parent company "Valtionrautatiet" until 1995, when it was split into VR and the rail administration entity Ratahallintokeskus.

Companies in the group provide road freight and bus services, catering and real estate management. They provide data, technological, and telecommunications services for the transport and logistics sectors. The group owns a bus company, Pohjolan Liikenne, and a road freight haulage company VR Transpoint.

Altogether the group includes 21 companies employing a total of about 14,400 people.

Federico Gozi

Federico Gozi was Captain Regent of San Marino from October 1629- October 1640. His life is unknown

Leptomantis bimaculatus

The Mindanao flying frog, blue-legged tree frog, banded pigmy tree frog, Asiatic tree frog, or blue-spotted tree frog ("Leptomantis bimaculatus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, in Luzon, Bohol, and Mindanao. People have seen it between 500 and 600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees near water. It lives in forests that human beings have not changed. This frog lays eggs in foam nests on plants over water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Helsinki Central railway station

Helsinki Central Station is the main station for commuter rail and long-distance trains in Helsinki, Finland. The station is used by about 200,000 people per day It is the terminus for all trains in the Helsinki commuter rail network, as well as for all Helsinki-bound long-distance trains in Finland. The Rautatientori (Central Railway Station) metro station is in the same building.

The railway tracks in Helsinki were built in the 1860s. The station building, clad in granite, was designed by Eliel Saarinen and opened in 1919. The building is known for its clock tower and the "Lyhdynkantajat" ("The Lantern Bearers") statues by Emil Wikström. Helsinki Central was chosen as one of the world's most beautiful railway stations by BBC in 2013. The Helsinki Central Station has become the symbol of the entire railway network in Finland. The VR Group uses the image of the station and the statues next to its main entrance in its advertising.

Kurixalus

Kurixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. Scientists have studied exactly how these frogs are related to other frogs, and they have changed their minds many times about what to call these frogs. The scientists decided to make "Kurixalus" a group after looking at the frogs' DNA. These frogs live in the Himalayan mountains in eastern India southward and eastward into Cambodia, Vietnam, southern China, Taiwan, and the Ryukyu Islands.

, scientists say there are 19 species in "Kurixalus":


Giulio Alberoni

Giulio Alberoni (21 May 1664 OS – 26 June NS 1752) was a captain regent of San Marino. He was also an Italian cardinal and statesman in the service of Philip V of Spain.

Frotteurism

Frotteuristic disorder, or frotteurism, is a rare and poorly researched type of paraphilia. It involves the act of touching or rubbing one’s genitals against another non-consenting individual in a sexual manner to attain sexual gratification.

The exact etiology is not known, but many theories exist regarding the cause of frotteurism. Psychoanalysts propose that individuals with frotteurism may have unmet needs to rub themselves against the victim and cuddle, like an infant with his mother. Individuals engaging in these behaviors may fantasize that they share an exclusive and caring relationship with their non-consenting victims during the act. 

Kurt Freu has proposed that these individuals may also have problems with tactile interactions that may occur during normal human erotic or sexual interactions. There has been some research to postulate a biological mechanism, primarily the monoamine pathway, resulting in abnormal sexual behavior.

Health technology

Health technology is defined by the World Health Organization as the "application of organized knowledge and skills in the form of devices, medicines, vaccines, procedures, and systems developed to solve a health problem and improve quality of lives". This includes pharmaceuticals, devices, procedures, and organizational systems used in the healthcare industry, as well as computer-supported information systems.

