Greater investment in health technologies has reduced the number of medical errors happened. Paper records were replaced in many healthcare organizations by electronic health records. This has brought many changes to healthcare. Drug administration has improved. Healthcare providers can now access medical information easier, provide better treatments and faster results, and save money.

Abhira Brahmins

The Abhira-Brahmins or Ahir-Brahmins a branch of the Brahmin community of Maharastra, all have possibly decended from the original ancient Abhira tribe. according to historian Ramprasad Chanda, The Abhiras are a class of Brahmans of Maharastra who are the priests of Abhira or Ahir herdsmen and cultivators and are probably themselves of Abhira origin.
Metropolitan University, Sylhet

Metropolitan University is a private university located in Bateshwar, Sylhet. Established by Taufiq Rahman Chowdhury on 3 May 2003 with the approval of the Ministry of Education and under the "Private University Act 1992". Teaching is done in semester system, there are three semesters or terms in each year, the three terms are spring, summer, autumn semester. The undergraduate courses are of 4 years duration, and the postgraduate courses are of 1 year duration.


 
Al Qaeda in Iraq

Al-Qaeda in Iraq or Tanzim Qaidat al-Jihad fi Bilad al-Rafidayn was a Salafi militant group related to Al-Qaeda. It was created on the 17th of October 2004 and was led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and Abu Ayyub al-Masri until it become the Islamic State of Iraq on the 15th of October 2006.

Rail transport in Switzerland

With network length, Switzerland has a dense railway network. It is the clear European leader in kilometers traveled: 2,505 km per inhabitant per year in 2019. Worldwide, only the Japanese travel more by train.

100% of its network is electrified, except for the few tracks on which steam locomotives operate for tourism. There are 74 railway companies in Switzerland. The share of commuters who travel to work using public transport (as the main mode of transport) is 30%. The share of rail in goods transport performance by road and rail is 39%.

Switzerland was ranked first in the 2017 European Railway Performance Index for its intensity of use, quality of service and strong safety rating. Switzerland had excellent intensity of use, notably driven by passenger traffic, a good rating for quality of service, and a very good rating for safety. Switzerland captured high value in return for public investment with cost to performance ratios that outperform the average ratio for all European countries.

Swiss Federal Railways is the largest railway company in Switzerland and handles most of the national and international traffic. 

Switzerland is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Switzerland is 85.

Diana Nyad

Diana Nyad is a swimmer popularized by swimming from Cuba to Florida.she tried many times and only finished when she was 64 in 2013.
Rail transport in Italy

The Italian railway system has a total length of of which active lines are 16,723 km. The network has recently grown with the construction of the new high-speed rail network. Italy is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Italy is 83.

"Rete Ferroviaria Italiana", Italian Rail Network, is the state owned infrastructure manager. The Italian railway system has a length of , of which are standard gauge. The active lines are , of which are double tracks. Italy has 2,507 people and 12.46 km per kilometer of rail track, giving Italy the world's 13th largest rail network.

Lines are divided into 3 categories: 

Most of the Italian network is electrified (). Electric system is 3 kV DC on conventional lines and 25 kV AC on high-speed lines.

A major part of the Italian rail network is managed and operated by "Rete Ferroviaria Italiana". Other regional agencies, mostly owned by public entities such as regional governments, operate on the Italian network.

Travellers who often make use of the railway during their stay in Italy might use Rail Passes, such as the European Interrail or Italy's national and regional passes. These rail passes allow travellers to use regional trains without paying during the validity period, but all high-speed and intercity trains require a 10-euro reservation fee. Regional passes, such as "Io viaggio ovunque Lombardia", offer one-day, multiple-day and monthly period of validity. There are also saver passes for adults, who travel as a group, with savings up to 20%. Foreign travellers should purchase these passes in advance, so that the passes can be delivered by post prior to the trip. When using the rail passes, the date of travel needs to be filled in before boarding the trains.

Rete Ferroviaria Italiana

Rete Ferroviaria Italiana is the Italian railway infrastructure manager. It is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato, a state-owned holding company. RFI is the owner of Italy's railway network, it provides signalling, maintenance and other services for the railway network. It also operates train ferries between the Italian Peninsula and Sicily.

It was founded on 1 July 2001 in accordance with a European directive on rail transport that called for the separation of the infrastructure operator and the service operators. Before that the Italian rail network was managed directly by FS. The agency has been periodically accused to a failure to be impartial, including allegations of favouring sibling company Trenitalia over independent operations. 

Malachy McCourt

Malachy Gerard McCourt Jr. (September 20, 1931 – March 11, 2024) was an American actor, politician and writer. He was born in New York City. McCourt was raised in Limerick, Ireland. He was known for his annual Christmas-time appearances on "All My Children" as Father Clarence and for playing Francis Preston Blair in "Gods and Generals" (2003).

McCourt was the 2006 Green Party candidate for governor of New York. He lost to the Democratic candidate Eliot Spitzer. He was the younger brother of author Frank McCourt.

His movie roles include "The Molly Maguires" (1970), "The Brink's Job" (1978), "Q" (1982), "Brewster's Millions" (1985), "The January Man" (1989), "Beyond the Pale" (2000), and "Ash Wednesday" (2002).

In 1998, McCourt authored "A Monk Swimming", a memoir of his life in Limerick, Ireland. This memoir picks up roughly where Frank McCourt, the author's older brother, left off at the end of his Pulitzer Prize–winning "Angela's Ashes". 

McCourt married Linda Wachsman, and had two children with her. He had two more children by his second wife, Diana Galin.

In March 2023, McCourt left hospice care while being treated for prostate and skin cancer. He died at a hospital in New York City on March 11, 2024 at the age of 92.


Bhim Singh Rana

Raja Bhim Singh Rana (1707 AD – 1756 AD), was a Jat ruler whose kingdom was in Gohad in the north-western region of present-day Madhya Pradesh. Rana was his title, Bamraulia was his gotra. According to Alexander Cunningham and William Crookes, this town called Gohad near Gwalior was founded in 1505 AD by the Rana of Bamrauli village near Agra. He had given a tough fight to the Marathas many times. He had won the fort of Gwalior . Their descendants are the Jats of Kalirana, Tatrana, and also Rana gotra.
Ruler of Gohad Kingdom
The rule of the Rana rulers is the most glorious, dignified, long and old from the point of view of history, and continued to rule till the year of independence in 1947. The capital of Rana rulers was Gohad district Bhind , Gwalior , later Dholpur . Gohad reign period was 300 years from 1505 to 1805, after that Dholpur was for 142 years from 1805 to 1947, 442 years till country's independence, and Gwalior fort was ruled by Maharaja Bhim Singh Rana from 1754 till his death in 1756. After him, Maharaja Chhatra Singh Rana did it from 1761 to 1765 and from 1781 to 1783. Three capitals during the reign of Maharaja Chhatar Singh, Gohad district Bhind, Gwalior and Behat District Gwalior.
After the death of Rana Jaswant Singh, his son Rana Bhim Singh ascended the throne of Gohad . His ceremony was celebrated with great pomp in Gohad fort . At this time the power of Rana had increased a lot. Gohad fort was famous for its strong boundary wall and small fortified forts of Rana were built in nearby villages . Rana Bhim Singh kept soldiers on the nearby small forts for security. There were about 25000 soldiers in Rana 's army. The number of his Rana Sardars was 125.
Capture of Gwalior fort by Rana Bhim Singh (1754)
Maratha attack on Gwalior fort - When the Maratha army was returning south after lifting the siege of Kumher fort in 1754, one of their generals, Vitthal Shivdev Vinchurkar, made his military camp in Gwalior. Vinchurkar laid siege to the Gwalior fort and attacked it. Under the leadership of Kiledar Kishwar Ali Khan, the Rajput soldiers appointed by the Mughal emperor kept facing the Marathas for a month. At that time conspiracies were going on in the Mughal Empire . Because of which Marathas on Delhi Darbar Gwalior Fort couldn't send army to confront. Kiledar Kishwar Ali discussed with the high officials appointed on the fort. Kishwar Ali Khan's lawyer Kishandas advised that 'instead of surrendering to the robbers of the south, it would be appropriate to hand over Gopachalgarh Gohad to Rana Bhim Singh'.
According to the advice of the lawyer, Kiledar Kishwar Ali Khan sent a letter to Rana Bhim Singh of Gohad and informed about the decision to hand over the Gwalior fort to Rana Bhim Singh.


High-speed rail in Italy

High-speed rail in Italy connects most of the country's major cities. It is 1,467 km in 2024 but is being extended. The first line connects Turin to Salerno via Milan, Bologna, Florence, Rome and Naples, the second runs from Turin to Venice via Milan and Verona, and is under construction in parts. Trains are operated with a top speed of .

Passenger service is provided by Trenitalia and Italo, 25 million passengers travelled on the network in 2011. In 2015, ridership increased to 55 million for Trenitalia and 9.1 million for NTV, for a combined 64 million passengers.

Roma Termini railway station

Roma Termini is the main railway station of Rome, Italy. It is named after the district of the same name, which took its name from ancient Baths of Diocletian (in Latin, "thermae"), which is across the street from the main entrance. It is Italy's busiest railway station and the fifth-busiest in Europe, with about 150 million passengers per year, and with 850 trains in transit per day.

The station has regular train services to all major Italian cities, as well as daily international services to Munich, Geneva, and Vienna. With 32 platforms, Roma Termini is the joint largest railway station in Europe, tied with Paris' Gare du Nord and Munich's München Hbf.

Termini is also the main hub for public transport in Rome. Two Rome Metro lines (A and B) meet at Termini metro station, and a major bus station is located at Piazza dei Cinquecento, the square in front of the station. The main tram lines of the city cross at Porta Maggiore, some east of the station.

On 23 December 2006, the station was dedicated to Pope John Paul II.

München Hauptbahnhof

München Hauptbahnhof or Munich Central Station is the main railway station in the city of Munich, Germany. It is one of the three stations with long-distance services in Munich, the others being Munich East station ("München Ost") and Munich-Pasing station ("München-Pasing"). München Hauptbahnhof has about 450,000 passengers a day, which puts it on par with other large stations in Germany, such as Hamburg Hauptbahnhof and Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof. It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 1 station, one of 21 in Germany and two in Munich, the other being "München Ost". The mainline station is a terminal station with 32 platforms. The subterranean S-Bahn with 2 platforms and U-Bahn stations with 6 platforms are through stations.

The first Munich station was built about to the west in 1839. A station at the current site was opened in 1849 and it has been rebuilt numerous times. The main station building was badly damaged during World War II.

The station is located close to Munich's city centre in the north of the borough of Ludwigsvorstadt-Isarvorstadt. The main entrance to the east of the station is via the Prielmayerstraße or Bayerstraße to Karlsplatz (Stachus). In the station forecourt ("Bahnhofsplatz") in front of the main entrance are tram stops on several lines.

The station is bordered to the north by Arnulfstraße and to the west by Paul-Heyse-Straße, which passes through a tunnel near the end of the platforms. The station is bordered to the south by Bayerstraße. The station precinct extends some distance to the west and ends at Donnersbergerbrücke.

The proposal for an extensive reconstruction project of Hauptbahnhof was launched in 2015 with planning approved in 2017 and 2018. It should be finished by 2028.

Rail transport in Hungary

Rail transport in Hungary is mainly owned by the national rail company MÁV, with part of the network owned and operated by GySEV.

The railway network is 7,893 km, its gauge is and 3,060 km is electrified.

Hungary is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC country code for Hungary is 55.


The standard and broad gauge railways are operated by the State Railways and also the following narrow gauge railways: Nyíregyháza–Balsai Tisza part/Dombrád; Balatonfenyves–Somogyszentpál; Kecskemét–Kiskunmajsa/Kiskőrös and the Children's Railway in Budapest. All the other narrow gauge railways are run by State Forest companies or local non-profit organisations. 

Hungarian State Railways

Hungarian State Railways () is the Hungarian national railway company, with divisions "MÁV START Zrt." (passenger services), and "Utasellátó" (onboard catering). The head office is in Budapest.

Construction of Hungary's first railway line began in the second half of 1844. The first steam locomotive railway line was opened on 15 July 1846 between Pest and Vác. 

By 1910 MÁV was one of the largest European railway companies.

In the 2010s Hungary received large EU funds to modernize its rail network.

Budapest Keleti station

Budapest Keleti station (; "eastern railway station") is the main international and inter-city railway terminal in Budapest, Hungary.

The station stands where Rákóczi Avenue splits to become Kerepesi Avenue and Thököly Avenue. Its name in 1891 originates not only from its position as the easternmost of the city's rail termini, but for its original role as a terminus of the lines from eastern Hungary including Transylvania, and the Balkans. In contrast, the Nyugati (western) railway station used to serve lines toward Vienna and Paris.

The building was designed in eclectic style by Gyula Rochlitz and János Feketeházy and built between 1881 and 1884. The main façade has two statues depicting James Watt and George Stephenson. Inside the station are frescos by Karoly Lotz.

Budapest Keleti has seven platforms serving thirteen tracks.

Rail transport in Bulgaria

Rail transport in Bulgaria services are operated by the Bulgarian State Railways. The infrastructure is owned by National Railway Infrastructure Company. 

The Ruse – Pliska - Varna, the first Bulgarian railway line, was started in 1864. The Ottoman government had contracted an English company to build it. The line, which was 223 km long, was opened in 1866.

In 1870 Baron Maurice de Hirsch started building the Constantinople – Luleburgaz - Edirne - Svilengrad - Plovdiv - Pazardzhik - Belovo railway line. It was completed three years later.

In 1885, the National Assembly passed the Railway Act. Railways in Bulgaria were considered state property and were to be operated by the state. In 1888 Stefan Stambolov's government took over the Vakarel – Belovo railway line. It was built and previously operated by Vitalis. On 1 August, the whole of the Tsaribrod (now Dimitrovgrad, Serbia) – Sofia – Belovo railway line was opened for international traffic. The state bought the Ruse – Varna railway line and started operating it on 10 August. The Bulgarian State Railways were set up. An independent Ministry of Railways, Post Offices and Telegraphs was established in 1912, followed by the State Railway School in 1923.

The scenic Septemvri-Dobrinishte narrow gauge line was finished in 1945. It goes through the station of Avramovo, which is the highest railway station on the Balkans at 1267.4 meters. Further on, it passes through the tourist centre of Bansko. The line is 760mm gauge, unelectrified, and is primarily served by diesel locomotives. There are also well preserved steam locomotives that run tours. Even though it is very attractive to tourists, it is also widely used by the local people.

Sofia Central Station

The Sofia Central Railway Station is the main passenger railway station of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. It is the largest railway station in the country. It is l1 km north of the city centre after Lavov most, on Marie Louise Boulevard next to the Central Bus Station Sofia. It was completely renovated in 2016.

The original building of the Sofia Railway Station was opened on 1 August 1888 to serve the Tsaribrod-Sofia-Vakarel line. It was the first line of the Bulgarian State Railways entirely built by Bulgarian engineers. It was a one-storey building, 96 m long and 12 m wide. It had a small clock tower looking towards Vitosha on the façade. 

The old building was completely demolished on 15 April 1974. A new brutalist Central Railway Station had begun in 1971. It has two underground and three overground storeys and 365 premises. It was built of mainly white marble. It was renovated again in 2016.

Between January and July 2004 the Central Railway Station in Sofia served 2,323,844 passengers. That was 11.8% of all passengers in the country's railway network. An average 10,910 people pass through the station daily. An average of 84 trains arrive and 82 depart. The station has 30 ticket offices and 5 electronic timetable displays.

Bulgarian State Railways

Bulgarian State Railways is Bulgaria's state railway company and the largest railway carrier in the country, established in 1888. The company's headquarters are in the capital Sofia. Since the 1990s the BDŽ has met serious competition from automotive transport. Up to 2002 the company also owned/managed the state railway (up to total of & (Septemvri to Dobrinishte only) track gauge railway tracks) infrastructure in the country. EU regulations required a new state company, the National Railway Infrastructure Company, to be owner of the infrastructure.

Bulgaria is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Bulgaria is 52.

Mayukh Mukherjee

Mayukh Mukherjee is an Indian actor and academic who works in Bengali film industry and has made several on-screen appearances from his childhood (since 2002). He made his debut in the Bengali mega serial Neel Seemana, which was aired on Zee Bangla from from which drew public attention for the first time. Since then, he has appeared in numerous Bengali mega films and features films.

Mayukh has come to the lime light by his Debut in Neel Seemana in the role of son of and Kamalika Banerjee, and also with Monu Mukherjee which was a soap opera film. He has also acted as the son of Chandrayee Ghosh and Subrat Dutta in Light house. His first Feature was Priyotama as a character of an orphan with Jeet and Koyel Mallick. He has acted in a Drishti Pradip as the elder son of Mamata Sankar and Raja Bannerje .He has also acted the role of Kaism in Ek Nadir Galpo, film of , with actors like Mithun Chakraborty & Jishu Sengupta. Apart form that he has also worked with famous actors like Koneenica Banerjee, Deblina Dutta, Aparajita Auddy, Arindam Ganguly, Kunal Mitra and many others. His most works were under the direction of Raja Sen, Raja Mitra, Abhijit Dasgupta and many other eminent tollywood directors. 

He has completed his Schooling form SJMS and College level form NSHM. At present he is pursuing his Ph.D. in Media Management from .

He is the only son of Joydeep Mukherjee and Lakshmi Priya Mukherjee.

He is a social and community server, he helps several poverty stricken people by service and fund.

Apart form Acting and Academics, he is also a sports weapon shooter under the coaching of under the aegis of NRAI.



Varna railway station

Varna railway station serves the Black Sea city and municipality of Varna, the third biggest city in Bulgaria.

The station is one of the oldest in Bulgaria. The station building was built between 1908 and 1925, when it was opened officially by Tsar Boris III. The city of Varna has had a railway station since October 26, 1866, when the Varna-Rousse railway line was opened. 

Ruse Central railway station

Ruse Central railway station is the main station serving the city and municipality of Ruse, the fifth most populous city in Bulgaria. It is next to the Danube River.

It was the first station built in what is now Bulgaria, in 1866. It was the end of the Ruse - Varna railway. In 1966, the National Museum of Transport and Communications was opened in the former Ruse-East railway station , and the tracks were used for the outdoor exhibition. 

After the opening of the Danube Bridge in 1954, a new grand Stalinist Central Railway Station was planned for the city of Ruse. The new station opened in late 1955. It was the biggest on the Balkan peninsula. It had three platforms, with four tracks and one passing track. 
It is a transport hub, with trains to Gorna Oryahovitsa (mostly), to Sofia, Varna, Samuil, and Burgas seasonally, as well as Bucharest and Istanbul internationally. The station serves as a border checkpoint for trains crossing into Romania by the Danube Bridge.

Danube Bridge

The Danube Bridge (also known as the Friendship Bridge; is a steel truss bridge over the Danube River connecting the Bulgarian bank to the south with the Romanian bank to the north. It goes between the cities of Ruse and Giurgiu.It is one of only two bridges connecting Romania and Bulgaria. The other one is the New Europe Bridge between the cities of Vidin and Calafat.

It was opened on 20 June 1954. The bridge is 2.8 km long. It passes at a height of 30 meters over the river. It was the first bridge over the Danube shared by Bulgaria and Romania. Decorations were designed by Bulgarian architect Georgi Ovcharov. The bridge has two decks; a two lane motorway and a railway. There are also sidewalks for pedestrians. The central part of the bridge (85 m) can be lifted for large boats. The maintenance of the mobile part is Romania's responsibility and is periodically checked. The bridge was built in two and a half years with the aid of the Soviet Union.

The Soviets named it the "Friendship Bridge". Since the fall of the communist regimes in both countries, it is now called "Danube Bridge".

The bridge is a border crossing between the two countries. Since January 2007 there is no more customs control. The passport/identity card control is done "on one desk" either by the Bulgarian or the Romanian border police. It is an "internal border" within the European Union. Border control will be completely removed when Bulgaria and Romania join the Schengen Agreement.

There are a pair of rectangular towers supported by pillars on both ends.
The following tolls apply for crossing the Danube Bridge:


Rudolf Rupec

Rudolf Rupec (17 September 1895 or 17 November 1896 ) – 1 July 1983) was a Croatian footballer. He played for SK Rapid Wien and HŠK Građanski Zagreb. He played for the national teams of Austria and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. He also played at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics. 
He began his career at SK Rapid Wien from 1913 to 1920. With Rapid he won the championship four times and once the cup. In 1920 he went to the Croatian team HŠK Građanski Zagreb. He played with the club until the end of his career in 1928. With the club he won the national championship of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in 1923 and 1926. 
In the last years of the Austro-Hungarian Empire he played ten matches for the Austria national football team. Rupec was part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavias first national team. For them he played 9 matches. He played at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics. His final game was at in May 1924 Olympic Games match against Uruguay. 
He later coached HAŠK Zagreb . He won the championship in 1938. 

Mama's Song

"Mama's Song" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her third studio album, "Play On" (2009).

The music video for "Mama's Song" was directed by Shaun Sliva.

It premiered on VEVO on September 24, 2010.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for two consecutive weeks in November 2010.

Tora Bora Military Front

The Tora Bora Military Front is a Islamist militant group in Afghanistan. The group is led by Anwarul Haq Mujahid. The group split away from Hezb-e Islami Khalis due to disagreements between Anwarul and Hajj Din Mohammad. The group promised loyalty to the Taliban in 2016 and has a magazine and website.

Don't Cry Daddy

"Don't Cry Daddy" is a 1969 song by Elvis Presley. It went to the top 10 in the United States and the United Kingdom along with its B-side "Rubberneckin'". It was written by Mac Davis.

Rosario-Victoria Bridge

Rosario-victoria bridge is a bridge in the arginine town of Rosario. (in Spanish, Puente Rosario-Victoria) is the informal name of the physical connection between the Argentine cities of Rosario (province of Santa Fe) and Victoria (province of Entre Ríos).
Pear switch

A pear switch is a particular type of electrical switch that usually has the appearance of a small pear. Its operation is very simple, with a button that, depending on the type, is pressed to activate or deactivate a circuit or is simply pressed like a pushbutton, for example in photographic enlarger switches. 

It is characterized by its form and function. Unlike conventional switches that are fixed to the wall, the pear switch is suspended from the cable. By pressing the pear, the electrical contacts are joined, closing the circuit. Its most common use is for hanging lamps, headboards, bedside tables or generally in situations where you do not want to mount the switch on the wall. 

It is pear-shaped, oval or spherical, made of wood or plastic, which is connected to a mechanism that has a spring with an electrical contact. It is an automatic mechanism with a spring, similar to a push button but taking into account that there is a model that is bistable and returns the switch to its default position after pressing twice, changing the initial condition of the electrical circuit or restaurant, connecting or blocking the circulation of current in said electrical circuit. 

There are two kinds:


New Europe Bridge

The New Europe Bridge, also known as Danube Bridge 2 ( is a road and rail bridge between the cities of Vidin, Bulgaria, and Calafat, Romania. It is the second bridge on the shared section of the Danube between the two countries. It has both box girders and cable-stays. It was built by the Spanish company Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas, at the cost of €226 million. It was officially opened on 14 June 2013.

Motorists must pay tolls.

It was previously known as Danube Bridge 2 and informally called the Vidin–Calafat Bridge or Calafat–Vidin Bridge. 

There had been no bridges crossing the Danube river between Bulgaria and Romania since the destruction of Constantine's Bridge, in the 4th century, until the Danube Bridge was built and opened in 1954.

Old Bridge, Svilengrad

Mustafa Pasha Bridge or The Old Bridge is a 16th-century arch bridge over the Maritsa in Svilengrad, southern Bulgaria. It was built in 1529 on the order of the Ottoman vizier Çoban Mustafa Pasha. The bridge was the first major work designed by the Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan. The bridge is 295 m long, 6 m wide and has 20 or 21 arches.
A flood destroyed some of the arches in 1766. Reconstruction was completed in 1809. The Ottoman army tried to destroy the bridge as it retreated from a Bulgarian advance after the Battle of Lule Burgas during the First Balkan War in November 1912.

King Carol I Bridge

The Anghel Saligny Bridge, formerly King Carol I Bridge, is a railway bridge in Romania connecting the two banks of the Danube along the lower reaches of the river. It is between the cities of Fetešt in Wallachia and Cherna Voda in Dobruja . It was built between 1890 and 1895. Then it was the longest in Europe and the third longest in the world .

Its length is 4037 m, of which 1662 m above the Danube and 920 m above the Borcea River . It was designed by the Romanian engineer Anghel Saligny. It is 30 m above the water. Even tall ships can pass under it. has a central span of 190 m (620 ft) and four other spans of 140 m (460 ft), connected to a viaduct with 15 spans of 60 m (200 ft) each. Another bridge, with three spans of 140 m (460 ft) and 11 spans of 50 m (160 ft), was designed and built over the Borcea branch.

The bridge was used for almost a century, until in 1987 it was replaced by the new Borchen bridge built next to it.


Rail transport in Romania

The first railway in the Kingdom of Romania opened in 1869. It was between Bucharest and Giurgiu. The first electric railway opened in 1854, between Oravița and Baziaș in Banat, next to the border with Serbia.

Since then, the Romanian railway network has been significantly expanded, and is now the fourth largest in Europe by total track length, comprising . Of these, some are electrified. The route length is . Romania's railway system is the worst railway systems in Europe. Most of it needs to be renewed.

Romania is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Romania is 53.

Bucharest North railway station

Bucharest North railway station is the main railway station in Bucharest and the largest railway station in Romania. The vast majority of mainline trains to and from Bucharest start there.

The original North railway station was built between 1868—1872. The foundation stone was placed on 10 September 1868 in the presence of King Carol I of Romania. The building was designed as a U-shaped structure. The first railways between Roman – Galați – Bucharest – Pitești started on 13 September 1872. Between 1895—1896 a new wing of the station was built, which included a "Royal Hall", in anticipation of the visit of Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria-Hungary. 

The station and its surroundings were heavily bombed by the Allies in April 1944 during a campaign aimed at Axis supply lines. During the Communist era the station was electrified

During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, from 27 February 2022 onwards, the station served as a coordination point for Ukrainian refugees. On the first day, almost 100 Ukrainian refugees arrived on five trains owned by Romanian state operator CFR Călători; the trains came from Iași and Suceava, in northeast Romania. At midnight on 4 March 2022, approximately 1,000 refugees arrived from Iași and were later accommodated at Romexpo.

There are 14 tracks and 8 platforms.

Leptomantis malkmusi

The Leptomantis malkmusi is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it between 500 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26.4-29.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.3-35.4 mm long.

This frog can change color. The skin of its back is red-brown during the day and light brown at night. It has small, dark spots, and large brown spots. There is a dark brown mark between the eyes. There are white spots on the sides of the head with a dark brown line around each one. There is also one white spot underneath each eardrum. There are stripes on the tops of the legs. These stripes are gray during the day and dark brown at night. There are white bumps on the legs. There is bright yellow color on parts of the sides, legs, and feet. The toes, belly, and front of the neck are white in color. The webbed skin on all four feet is gray in color. The iris of the eye is red in the middle and yellow on the outside, with a black ring outside that.

This frog lives in rainforests on hills. It lives in old rainforests that have never been cut down and in newer rainforests that were cut down and are growing again. It lives in the plants next to streams. When it is time to lay eggs, the male frog climbs to a leaf over the water. The female frog lays her eggs on the leaf.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because even though it only lives in a few places, two of those places are protected parks. Scientists think climate change could kill this frog.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Leptomantis gauni".

Cyble

Cyble is a cybersecurity company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, founded in 2019 , With a reported net worth of 950 crore, founded by Beenu Arora (CEO) and Manish Chachada (COO).

Cyble offers a range of cybersecurity services, including Attack Surface Management, Dark Web Monitoring, Brand Intelligence, Cyber Threat Intelligence, Vulnerability Management, Takedown and Disruption.


Zaolzie

Zaolzie was annexed by Poland after Checkoslovakia got divided by Nazi Germany, Kingdom of Hungary and Second Polish Republic
David Kramer

David Kramer (born 1965) is an American defense attorney, known as the founder of the David J. Kramer Law Firm.

Kramer was born in 1965 in Detroit, Michigan. He received his early education from North Farmington High School, earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Michigan in 1988, and a Juris Doctor from Wayne State University in 1991.

Kramer has been a member of the American Bar Association and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. He has represented clients in criminal law cases and has worked alongside the former Attorney General Grant Woods. His notable cases include the dismissal of a murder case in Kentucky, the dismissal of a felony assault strangulation case in Colorado, and the State of Michigan v. Al-Tantawi murder case, among others.

He has been listed among the National Trial Lawyers' Top 100 Trial Attorneys. He also received the AVVO People's Choice Award in 2015 and the American Institute of Trial Lawyers' Litigator of the Year in Criminal Law in 2019.

Railway platform

A railway platform is an area next to a railway track for people to get on to trains. Almost all rail stations have some form of platform. Large stations have many platforms.

The world's longest station platform is at Hubballi Junction in India. It is long. 

Some United States train conductors use the word "platform" as a verb as in the announcement: "The last two cars of this train will not platform at East Rockaway". This means that the train is longer than the platform.

The most basic platform is an area at the same level as the track. A more usual platform is higher than the track but often lower than the train floor, although ideally they should be at the same level. Sometimes the platform is higher than the train floor, where a train with a low floor serves a station built for trains with a high floor On the London Underground some stations are served by both District line and Piccadilly line trains, and the Piccadilly trains have lower floors.

A tram stop is often in the middle of the street. In some places there are platforms like railway platforms. In other places they are much lower.
Platform types include the bay platform, side platform (also called through platform), split platform and island platform. A bay platform is one at which the track stops. Trains serving a bay platform must reverse in or out. A side platform is the more usual type. The platform is next to the track where the train arrives from one end and leaves towards the other. An island platform has through platforms on both sides. It may be indented on one or both ends, with bay platforms. To reach an island platform there may be a bridge, a tunnel, or a level crossing. 

Modern station platforms can be made from a variety of materials such as glass-reinforced polymer, concrete or expanded polystrene. 

Most stations have their platforms numbered consecutively from 1; a few stations start from 0. Some, such as , use letters instead of numbers (this is to distinguish the platforms from numbered ones in Waterloo main-line station for staff who work at both stations); some, such as Paris-Gare de Lyon, use letters for one group of platforms but numbers for the other.

In the US, and also some European countries such as Sweden, the place where a train arrives is called a "track" (e.g. "The train is arriving on Track 5"). An island platform is described as one platform with two tracks. In other "platform" can refer to both the structure or to a designated place for trains arriving (e.g. "The train is arriving at Platform 5"). An island platform might have two numbered platforms.

Some of the station facilities are on the platforms. Where the platforms are not next to a station building, often there is some form of shelter or waiting room is provided. This may be just a roof with open sides. It may be a closed room with heating or air-conditioning. There may be benches, lighting, ticket counters, drinking fountains, shops, trash boxes, and static timetables or displays with information about the trains. There are often loudspeakers as part of a public address (PA) system. 

Some metro stations have platform screen doors between the platforms and the tracks. They are safer. The screen doors separate the heating or air conditioning in the station from the ventilation in the tunnel. They have been installed in most stations of the Singapore MRT and the Hong Kong MTR, and stations on the Jubilee Line Extension in London.

Platforms should be sloped upwards slightly towards the platform edge to prevent wheeled objects such as trolleys, prams and wheelchairs from rolling into the path of the train. Many platforms have an overhanging edge so that if people fall off the platform they can avoid trains.
In high-speed rail, passing trains are a significant safety problem. The safe distance from the platform edge increases with the speed of the passing train. There are rules in different countries about how far people have to be away from the edge of the platform. Many platforms are marked to show where it is thought to be safe. 

Philippe de Gaulle

Philippe Henri Xavier Antoine de Gaulle (28 December 1921 – 12/13 March 2024) was a French admiral and politician. He was a senator from Paris between 1986 to 2004. He was the oldest child and only son of General Charles de Gaulle, the first president of the French Fifth Republic. He was born in Paris. He was a member of the Rally for the Republic. He was also an admiral of the French Navy from 1938 to 1982.

During his career, he was honored with the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour, Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit, War Cross 1939–1945 and Medal of Aeronautics.

De Gaulle turned 100 in December 2021. He died during the night between 12 and 13 March 2024 in Paris at the age of 102.

Frank McCourt

Francis McCourt (August 19, 1930July 19, 2009) was an Irish-American teacher and writer. He won a Pulitzer Prize for his book "Angela's Ashes (book)". It was made into a movie, Angela's Ashes. It is a memoir of his childhood.

He taught at six New York schools, including McKee Vocational and Technical High School in Staten Island, New York City College of Technology in Brooklyn, Seward Park High School, Washington Irving High School, and the High School of Fashion Industries, all in Manhattan. 

In May 2009, McCourt announced he had been treated for melanoma and that he was in remission. Two months later, he died from meningitis caused by the disease on July 19, 2009 under hospice care in New York City, a month before his 79th birthday.



Jaysh al-Izza

Jaysh al-Izza is a Islamist militant group part of the Free Syrian Army active in the northwest of Syria. The group has been given anti-tank missiles such as the 9K111 Fagot or BGM-71 TOW by Saudi Arabia, Türkiye, and Qatar. The group also tried to join the National Front for Liberation which has other militant groups in Idlib such as Ahrar al-Sham but the leadership of Jaysh al-Izza refused due to complications.

McDonnell Douglas MD-82

the mcdonnel douglas 82 (md-82) is a really small airliner it can hold 172 passengers it is a mid haul airliner
incidents:spanair 5022 had failed flaps on takeoff causing the aircraft to crash into the ground at high speeds
alot of people died in this tragedy the plane is a very efficient plane and a main part of the Mcdonnel douglas md-90
Teno (disambiguation)

Teno could be:

Wiggins airways 1046

<mapframe latitude="36.004673" longitude="-80.189209" zoom="2" width="200" height="100" />

The aircraft, registered N53RP, departed from at around 7:10 AM Local Time on January 26th, 2024 destined for 

Right after takeoff, the aircraft had squawked an emergency transponder code and flew erratically for about 16 minutes while Air Traffic Control attempted to regain contact before it collided in a wooded area about 5 miles south of KMHT.

The cause of the incident is currently unknown. There was only one passenger onboard (the captain) who was assisted by local residents near the crash. The captain had severe injuries. the aircraft crashed in a small residental area the pilot had severe injuries due to this

the aircraft N53RP was a beechcraft model 99 a quite old aircraft the aircraft was set to land at diffrent stopovers(those were unknown)

the incident leaded to the man in the aircraft to call 911 in the cockpit and described the situation he luckily got out in time and residents rushed to help the man The man was really safe but if it werent for them he could have died

The cvr had been found but damaged alot 

the man inside there has been more incidents like this but only 1 was a beechcraft no one went missing 1 was injured and 5 or so people rushed to the seen instantly saving the man from dying this crash a loss of control near manchester new hampshire at 12:08 local time the man's name is unknown but the aircraft name was known N53RP the aircraft registration operated by ameriflight wiggins airways.
List of Garfield characters

This is a list of characters in the "Garfield" comic strip, created by Jim Davis

the main character of the franchise. voiced by Scott Beach, Lorenzo Music, Bill Murray, Frank Welker, Tom Smothers, Jeff Bergman, Jon Banard and Chris Pratt, Jimmy Tatro (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Thom Huge, Sandy Kenyon, Jon Banard, Wally Wingert and Nicolas Hoult, Josh Keaton (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Frank Ferrante.

voiced by Gregg Berger, Harvey Guillen and Benjamin Diskin (Nickelodeon series).

Pooky is Garfield's stuffed plush.

voiced by Julie Payne, Vanessa Marshall and Erica Lindbeck (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Desiree Goyette, David Eigenberg, Jason Marsden and Tom Kenny, Atticus Shaeffer (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Debra Messing, Audrey Wasilewski and Jenny Yokobori.

voiced by Gregg Berger.

voiced by Julie Payne, Cheri Oteri and Gillian Jacobs (Nickelodeon series)

voiced by Frank Welker.

voiced by Kari Wahlgren.

voiced by Pat Carroll.

voiced by David Lander, Dana Snyder (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Sandi Huge.

Garfield's grandpa his first appeared in the strip on November 10, 1980.

voiced by Gregg Berger.

First Appearance: June 9, 1979

First Appearance: September 17, 1986

voiced by Thom Huge.

First Appearance: September 12, 1995

Hubert and Reba are an elderly couple who live near Jon.

Voiced by Lorenzo Music, Howard Morris, Thom Huge, Julie Payne, Gregg Berger.

Gunilla Andersson

Gunilla Victoria Andersson, born 26 April 1976 in Skutskär, Sweden) is a retired Swedish female ice hockey defencewoman. She played for Sweden during the women's ice hockey tournament during the 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010 Olympic Winter Games and in eleven World Championships.

Evanescence (album)

Evanescence is the third studio album by Evanescence. The album was released on October 11, 2011.

Devan Leos

Devan Leos (born August, 1998), is an American actor, publicist, and open-source intelligence analyst from Los Angeles California. He is known for starring as the lead character Alan in the Disney XD show Mighty Med, and he has appeared in a variety of television shows and films, including "The Pretty One," "Austin and Ally." and as Howie Needleman in Madea's Witness Protection. 

Leos is currently serving as a co-founder of an artificial intelligence company called Undetectable AI, where he oversees the company's communications. He also founded and operates DDigital, a corporate communications firm. 

Devan has represented various high profile individuals such as billionaire Jay Bloom (during the OceanGate scandal), and musicians such as Samantha Jay and Stephen Rezza. Beyond open source intelligence, Leos also has a background in psychological operations. Beyond his career in media communications and entertainment, Leos is also a contributing author to Entrepreneur (magazine) and LA Weekly. 

In 2021, Leos founded CMNT Inc, an anti-crime non profit organization that helps local communities by using open-source intelligence. In March 2022, Devan Leos received the "Man of The Year," (2022 award) by US Features Magazine, for his charitable efforts through an anti-crime foundation he started in 2021.

In 2023, in an interview with OK! Magazine, Leos stated that he struggled during his adolescent years, and revealed that he had been groomed and exploited by a now-convicted child predator named Acton Bowen. Leos admitted that he made mistakes when initially dealing with his trauma which caused him to spiral out of control. According to the same OK! Magazine article, Leos has a son.

In 2016, Devan Leos was attacked by an individual allegedly wielding a knife, and he attempted to defend himself by using his vehicle. Leos was then charged with attempted murder, however given the facts of the case, he was only sentenced to community service. On November 10th 2023, Devan Leos was accused by Radar Online of enabling students to cheat on their assignments, by helping operate the online platform Undetectable.ai, however in the article, Leos clarified that Undetectable.ai strictly prohibited such conduct.

Flemish people

Flemish people, also known as Flemings, are an ethnic group native to the Flanders region of Belgium. They speak Flemish, which is a dialect of Dutch.
List of caudillos of Panama

This page has the List of caudillos of Panama A caudillo (diminutive of "caput" "head". Caudillo means "little head" or "little chief") is part of the larger Iberian tradition of authoritarian leaders


WCW World Heavyweight Championship

World Championship Wrestling (WCW) was an American professional wrestling promotion founded by Ted Turner in 1988, after Turner Broadcasting System, through a subsidiary named Universal Wrestling Corporation, purchased the assets of National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) territory Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP) (which had aired its programming on TBS).
Celluloid Heroes

"Celluloid Heroes" is a 1972 song by British band The Kinks and was taken from their 11th studio album "Everybody's in Show-Biz". The song talks about famous 20th century actors and the Hollywood Boulevard. It also appears on their 1980 live album "One for the Road".

Noah in Islam

According to islam Nooh (as) was a prophet and a messenger
Maria (Blondie song)

"Maria" is a 1999 song by American band Blondie and is the leading single from their seventh studio album "No Exit". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Poland, Spain and Greece and made the top 20 across Europe and New Zealand. It was their first single since 1982.

US 12-inch single

US maxi-CD single (The Remixes)

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

European limited-edition CD single

European maxi-CD single and Australian CD single

Rated &quot;X&quot;

"Rated "X"" is a 1972 song by country singer Loretta Lynn and was taken from her 22nd studio album "Entertainer of the Year". It topped the country singles charts in both the United States and Canada. It was covered by The White Stripes as a B-side to their single "Hotel Yorba" in 2001.

Electric Youth (song)

"Electric Youth" is a 1989 song by Debbie Gibson and is the title track to her second studio album "Electric Youth". It went to number 11 in the United States, number 14 in the United Kingdom and charted the highest in Panama where it made number 3.

All songs are written by Deborah Gibson

Jean-Baptiste Djebbari

Jean-Baptiste Djebbari (born 26 February 1982) is the former Ministry of Transports of France. Before, he was airline pilot on Pilatus PC-12.
A fost numit ministru delegat responsabil cu transporturile în noul guvern Jean Castex (3 iulie 2020).

He graduated from ENAC and École polytechnique.

Gasteroclupea

Gasteroclupea is an extinct genus of ellimmichthyiform fish from the Upper Cretaceous of South America. It contains one species, G. branisai. Its closest relative is probably "Sorbinichthys".


Susan Arnold

Susan E. Arnold (born March 8, 1954) is an American business executive who formerly served as the chairman of The Walt Disney Company. 

Susan Arnold began her career as a brand assistant for the Dawn/Ivory Snow Group at Proctor Gamble in 1980. In 1999, she assumed global responsibility for Procter & Gamble's beauty business, thereby becoming the first woman to reach a president-level position in the company. She retired from Procter & Gamble on September 1, 2009.

Between 2013 and 2021, Arnold served as an operating executive of The Carlyle Group. She is based in New York. Arnold has served on the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company since 2007, as well as the Carlyle portfolio investments company NBTY, The Nature's Bounty Co. She has also been a member of the Board of Directors of McDonald's Co. since 2008. In 2004 she became Vice Chairman of Procter & Gamble and President of the company in 2007.

On December 1, 2021, Arnold was appointed to replace Bob Iger as chair of the board at The Walt Disney Company and became the first woman to be appointed to this position in the 98-year history of Disney. She was elected chair on December 31, 2021. On January 11, 2023, Disney announced that Arnold would no longer serve as the board's chair after the next annual shareholder meeting and would be replaced by former Nike CEO Mark Parker. 

Superman (2025 movie)

Superman is an upcoming American superhero movie based on Superman. It will be the first movie of the DC Universe (DCU). It is written and directed by James Gunn. It stars David Corenswet, Rachel Brosnahan, Isabela Merced, Edi Gathegi, Nathan Fillion, Anthony Carrigan, María Gabriela de Faría, Sara Sampaio, Skyler Gisondo, Nicholas Hoult, Terence Rosemore, and Wendell Pierce.

"Superman" will release on July 11, 2025.


Jaysh al-Nasr

Jaysh al-Nasr is a militant group fighting in the Syrian civil war. It was founded in August of 2015 as a combination of 16 groups into 1 group. The group has been given BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles from the United States by a unknown party.

Jaysh al-Nukhba

Jaysh al Nukhba (originally called Jaysh al-Tahrir) is a Syrian Islamist militant group in the Hama Governorate and Aleppo Governorate of Syria with support from the Turkish government. The group was formed as a combination of 5 brigades, and some got BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles which are from the United States.

Egypt Radio &amp; Television

ERT (initialism of "Egypt Radio & Television") was a Egyptian free-to-air television channel. Launched by Tamer Mursi as one of Egypt's earliest private television broadcasters on February 24, 2007 it operated until March 2020 replaced by FOX, whose parent company News Corporation had purchased the broadcasting rights of ERTon July 25, 2006. The sale, which marked the first time a Egyptian television channel was sold to foreign capital, included the broadcasting rights and the terrestrial broadcasting frequencies belonging to ERT, but not the ERT branding, which continues to exist as the corporate company name. The sister ERT Drama and ERT 2 also remain with Synergy Art Production.

Bagong Silang

Bagong Silang or Barangay 176 is a barangay of Caloocan, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is known for being the most populous city in the Philippines.
Star Trak Entertainment

Star Trak was an American record label. It was founded by the Neptunes and Rob Walker in 2001. It operated as a division of Interscope Geffen A&M, a subsidiary of Universal Music Group. Star Traks name is a reference to the 1960s TV program "".

Mango (color)

Mango is a shade of the color orange. It is named after the tropical fruit of the same name.

The first written use of "coral" as a color name in English was in 1513.



Kurixalus verrucosus

Boulenger's bush frog, Boulenger's tree frog, warty frilled tree frog, small frill-limbed tree frog, or small rough-armed tree frog ("Kurixalus verrucosus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Cambodia, and Vietnam. People have seen it between 200 and 2000 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog on small, woody plants. Scientists are not sure whether this frog needs forests to live.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, loss of the forests where it lives for farms may hurt this frog.

Megaverse (disambiguation)

Megaverse may refer to:


Apex Legends

Apex Legends is an battle royale first-person hero shooter video game. It is free-to-play. It was published by Electronic Arts and was developed by Respawn Entertainment. It is set in the universe of the "Titanfall" series. The game was first released on February 4, 2019 for the PlayStation 4, Windows, and Xbox One, with the Nintendo Switch version being released on March 9, 2021. The games would also be released for the next generation consoles. It would be released on March 29, 2022 for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S.

In the game, Legends come together to compete in a bloodsport called the Apex Games which are organized by a group called the Mercenary Syndicate. They battle for money and fame. Like in most battle royal games, the goal is to be the last team standing at the end of the game.

There is an eSports tournament called the Apex Legends Global Series where players compete for $5 million.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the combat system and ping system. The game has also been praised for its LGBT representation, with the character Bloodhound being non binary.

The game has also won many awards. Among the awards won, it has been named Best Multiplayer Game at the 2019 Game Awards and Best Multiplayer game at the 2019 Golden Joystick Awards.

Birte Christoffersen

Birte Christoffersen (born 28 March 1924) is a Danish retired diver. She competed in the 3 m springboard and 10 m platform for Denmark at the 1948 Summer Olympics and for Sweden at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics. She won an Olympic bronze medal in 1948. She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Ć

Ć is a Slovenian Letter. Slovenian is a language spoken in Slovenia and in adjacent parts of Austria and Italy.
Hans Bøgh-Sørensen

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen is a Danish entrepreneur 

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen grew up in Midtfyn as the son of Elin and Asbjørn Bøgh-Sørensen. He graduated in 1975 as a mathematics-physics student.

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen held positions such as chairman of Odense Municipality's Business Council (2003-2007) and the European Association of Euro-Pharmaceutical Companies (EAEPC) (1997-2017), of which he is also a co-founder. He has been a board member of "Kunsthallen Brandts" in Odense (2010-2017).

At the age of 16, Hans Bøgh-Sørensen assumed control of 30 percent of the family's juice business. 

In 1982, he returned from a job at Mærsk Data to take up the role of deputy director in the family's juice business. He held this position until he became owner and managing director in 1987. 

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen established the pharmaceutical company "Orifarm" in 1994.In 2019, he resigned as CEO of Orifarm after more than 25 years at the helm. He continued as chairman of the board and is still active in the company. 

In 2000, Hans Bøgh-Sørensen received the prize as "Entrepreneur of the Year", Denmark and in 2008 the "Tietgen" prize .
Hans Bøgh-Sørensen got married to Birgitte in 1993 and have children Christian, Anne-Charlotte and Andreas.

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen has a great personal interest in hunting, skiing and cars. 

Assassination of Saleh al-Arouri

On the 2nd of January 2024, Saleh al-Arouri, was killed by an Israeli missile attack in the neighborhood of Dahieh in Beirut. The missile attack killed 6 civilians which also included other members of the Hamas political party.

LuaLua TV

LuaLua TV is a Bahraini TV channel. It was broadcast in London and started broadcasting in 2011. It was blocked by all of the GCC countries including Bahrain.
In June of 2021, the FBI took away LuaLua's domain along with other TV channels such as Press TV, due to the channels allegedly having links to Iran which violated US laws. However the website came back under a new domain.

TRT Arabia

TRT Arabia is a Arabic TV channel by the TRT public broadcasting corporation and it broadcasts to people who know Arabic in Turkey and the rest of the Arabic speaking world. The channel was launched on the 4th of April 2010.

Greenschist

Greenschists are rocks formed at low temperatures using metamorphism. They are typically formed within the temperature range of 350-400 °C and at the pressure range of 29,000-145,000 psi.

Savitri and Satyavan

Savitri and Satyavan are starcrossed lovers who were able to defy death through their love and ascetism.

Savithri was a beautiful princess who cannot choose a suitor. Her parents were worried for her, but eventually she met Satyavan. Upon meeting Satyavan, she swore she would never marry another man, and would only be with Satyavan for the rest of her life. Satyavan, although appearing as a simple man, actually used to be a prince who was cursed with a shockingly early expiry date. In specific, the curse entailed that Satyavan would die in a few years and that his parents would be cursed with blindness and lose thier wealth. Savithri's parents were ecstatic, but their excitement quickly died down when the Sage Narad told them of the curse and said their doom was imminent. Although they didn't want her to continue seeing Satyavan, they knew that Savithri was as stubborn as she was beautiful, and would not give up on a man she so purely and truly loved.

So Savithri and Satyavan lived a very simple and happy life until one day, doom fell upon them and Satyavan fell from a heat stroke. It had seemed the curse had finally taken place. However, Savithri was not ready to say bye yet, and when Yamaraj, the god of the Underworld, came to collect Satyavan's body, Savithri followed him as he trudged to the underworld.

Yamaraj, initially unpetrubed, decided to test her patience and see how far she was willing to walk. After a while, Yamraj, clearly impressed by her devotion, turned around and granted her a boon, on the condition that she could not wish for the revival of her husband. And so, Savithri asked for his parents to have their sight restored. Yamaraj obliged and Satyavan's parents had their sight back. After more walking, she recieved three more boons. For the first boon, she wished that Satyavan's father had his wealth restored. For the second, she wished her own father, who had only a single daughter, would be blessed with 100 sons. Both were granted.

Finally, however, she asked Yamraj for the boon of 100 sons for herself. Initially Yamraj obliged, but Savithri just repeated her boon and reminded him of her oath that she would only ever be with Satyavan. Thus, in order to fulfil her boon in the order of karma, Yamraj was forced to return Satyavan to Savitri.
Mongami

Mongami is a village in Palau. It is the capital of the palauan State of Aimeliik. It is located in the north of the state and is its largest village.

Bizarre (rapper)

Bizarre was a prominent rapper from the popular group D12
San Fabián

The San Fabián is the most eastern of all of 21 districts in Chile. The capital of San Fabián is San Fabián de Alico. It takes up an area of approximately 1568 km.

Skibidi

Skibidi is a Russian song by the Russian band Little Big. It was released on the 5th of October 2018. It become very popular in the fall of 2018. It became number 2 on Youtube Hits. It later became even more popular due to a music video being released and was featured in many TikToks.

Rizz

Rizz is a slang word defined as "having style or charm, or being able to get someone to love you". It was made popular outside of the African community by Kai Cenat in mid-2021, but it was used before for a long time. It later got very popular on TikTok and was called the word of the year for 2023 by Oxford University.

Rizzi

Rizzi is a last name that came from the Italian language.

People who are notable who have the last name are:



Pepper X

Pepper X is a type of Capsicum chili pepper created by Ed Currie, who made the Carolina Reaper. In 2023, the Guinness World Records said it was the most spicy member in the world at that time.

Observation.org

Observation.org is a worldwide website that naturalists, citizen scientists, and biologists use to collect, verify and share biodiversity observations. Observation.org may be accessed via its website or from its mobile applications like ObsIdentify. The Observation.org database holds more than 238 million nature statistics and almost 82 million photos. It is published and hosted in the Netherlands under Dutch and European law by the non-profit foundation Observation International.

The data Observation.org provides is managed by confirmed experts responsible for verifying the observations. A variety of tools, such as artificial intelligence use this data in managing this extensive information. However, human experts retain final authority in all of the validations.


Novocaine for the Soul

"Novocaine for the Soul" is a 1996 debut song by American rock band Eels and is the leading single from their debut studio album "Beautiful Freak". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Scotland, number 76 in Canada, number 84 in Australia and number 90 in the Netherlands. It was used in the British television series "The Grand".

Chopping Mall

Chopping Mall is a 1986 American science fiction horror comedy movie directed by Jim Wynorski and starring Kelli Maroney, Tony O'Dell, Russell Todd, John Terlesky, Paul Bartel, Mary Woronov. It was distributed by Concorde Pictures.


Club Progresista

Club Progresista is an Argentine sports club in the Piñeyro district of Avellaneda Partido, Greater Buenos Aires. The club has been regarded for its football squad that played in Primera División during the 1920s. Other than football, sports like Basque pelota, swimming and taekwondo are also played at the club.

Can't Stop Lovin' You (Aerosmith song)

"Can't Stop Lovin' You" is a 2013 song by Aerosmith featuring Carrie Underwood. It is the fourth and final single from their 15th studio album "Music from Another Dimension!" and was released as a single to adult contemporary radio stations in April 2013.

Sorbinichthys

Sorbinichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric clupeomorph fishes from the Cenomanian of Lebanon and Morocco. It is a member of the Ellimmichthyiformes. It is the closest relative to "Gasteroclupea".

The type species, "Sorbinichthys elusivo", was discovered in 2000 by Bannikov and Bacchia, based on fossils found in Lebanon. At the time, it was the only known species of "Sorbinichthys".

In 2010, another species, "Sorbinichthys africanus", was discovered by Murray and Wilson, based on fossils found in Morocco.

"Sorbinichthys" was diamond-shaped. It had a long, thin dorsal fin. It had two species, one being larger and averaging 15 cm, the other being smaller and averaging just 5 cm.


Jugband Blues

"Jugband Blues" is a 1968 song by Pink Floyd and was taken from their second studio album "A Saucerful of Secrets". It was written by Syd Barnett and was his last contributions with the band before his dismissal in 1968. The promo video was filmed in December 1967 and the original was lost until it was rediscovered in 1999.

Disability-adjusted life year

Disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) are a way of measuring the effects of diseases. They are calculated as the number of years lost due to ill-health, disability, or early death. The measure was developed in the 1990s as a way of comparing the overall health and life expectancy of different countries.

DALYs are used in the field of public health and health impact assessment . They include the potential years of life lost due to premature death and years of 'healthy' life lost by virtue of being in states of poor health or disability. In so doing, mortality and morbidity are combined into a single figure.

Disability-adjusted life years are related to the quality-adjusted life year (QALY) measure; however, QALYs only measure the benefit with and without medical intervention and therefore do not measure the total burden. Also, QALYs tend to be an individual measure and not a measure of the whole population.

The most appropriate measure of the effects of chronic illness is time, both time lost due to premature death and time spent disabled by disease. One DALY, therefore, is equal to one year of healthy life lost.

How much a medical condition affects a person is called the "disability weight" (DW). This is determined by disease or disability and does not vary with age. Tables have been created of thousands of diseases and disabilities, ranging from Alzheimer's disease to loss of finger, with the disability weight meant to indicate the level of disability that results from the specific condition.

Examples of the disability weight are shown. Some of these are "short term", and the long-term weights may be different.

Joy Christopher Dulay

Joy Christopher Riveral Dulay (born December 21, 1990) is a Filipino businessperson and former online streamer based in Quezon City. Dulay is the founder and CEO of JCRD Builders Corporation.

Sea of Thieves

Sea of Thieves is an action-adventure video game. It was published by Xbox Game Studios and was developed by Rare. The game was first released on 20 March 2018 for Windows and Xbox One. It was also later released on 30 April 2024 for the PlayStation 5.

In the game, players play as pirates and travel the open seas. The player can choose what they want to do in the game and create their own adventure, such as search for treasure and battle other players and NPCs.

When the game first came out, it recieved mixed reviews from game critics. Critics said that they liked the graphics, physics, and multiplayer aspects of the game but because of the lack of content, it shouldn't have been a full price release. The game would receive more positive reviews after updates and patches for the game over the years.

The game has also won many awards. Among the awards won, it has won both Best Xbox One Game and Best Multiplayer Game at 2016 Gamescom and Evolving Game at the 17th British Academy Games Awards. It was also nominated for Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards in 2018 but lost to "Fortnite".

Alessandro Michieletto

Alessandro Michieletto (born in Desenzano del Garda, Italy, 5 December 2001) is an Italian volleyball player. He is a member of Italy's national volleyball team and plays as a hitter for the Italian club Trentino Volley.

He is the son of the former volleyball player Riccardo Michieletto. His mother Eleonora used to play basketball. He has two sisters, Francesca and Annalisa, who are both volleyball players, and a brother, Andrea.

Alessandro Michieletto started his volleyball career as a libero in the youth level. He began playing for Trentino Volley in the 2015-16 season, competing in the Serie D championship. In the following two seasons, he played in Serie C with the same club. In the 2018-19 season, he moved up to Serie B and also made some appearances for the first team during the CEV Cup, facing Amriswil. In the 2019-20 season, he played in Serie A3 with Trentino Volley’s second team and made his debut for the first team in the Superlega. From the 2020-21 season onwards, he became a permanent member of the Superlega team, winning an Italian Supercup and an Italian league title .

Michieletto has represented Italy in various age categories. He played for the Under-17 and Under-18 national teams. He won a bronze medal at the European Championship with the Under-18 team. In 2019, he was part of the Under-19 team that won gold at both the 15th European Youth Olympic Festival and the World Championship. In 2020, he won silver at the European Championship with the Under-20 team and was named the tournament’s Most Valuable Player. The following year, he won gold at the World Championship with the Under-21 team and was again awarded the Most Valuable Player title.

In 2021, he received his first call-up to the senior Italian team. In the same year, he participated in the 32nd Olympic Games in Tokyo. He won the gold medal at the European Championship, where he was awarded as the best hitter. In 2022, he won gold at the World Championship. In 2023, he won silver at the European Championship.






Arnold Dix

Arnold Dixis an Australian underground expert. He lives in Monbulk, Australia.

Dix is an engineering professor, scientist, and barrister. He graduated from Melbourne's Monash University with a degree in science and law.

Dix is the president of the Geneva-based "International Tunnelling and Underground Space Association".

He specializes in transit infrastructure and subterranean systems.

He was invited by the British Tunnelling Society to give the Harding Lecture on current global tunneling concerns every two years in 2008. 

In 2020, Underground Works Chambers was founded by Dix, Lord Robert Mair, and the Honorable Peter Vickery QC. 

In 2023, Dix proved to be a hero during the "Uttarakhand tunnel rescue". He received recognition from Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese for his work during the rescue operations.


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge is a beat 'em up video game. It was published by Dotemu and was developed by Tribute Games. It is based on the 1987 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" cartoon. The game was first released on June 16, 2022 for Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Windows. It was also later released on November 15, 2022 for the PlayStation 5 and on January 10, 2023 for Android and iOS.

Ghostface Killah and Raekwon of Wu-Tang Clan, along with Mike Patton of Faith No More helped Tee Lopes with the music composition.

In the game, players play as the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Leonardo, Donatello, Raphael, Michelangelo) as they battle enemies and try to stop Krang and Super Shredder from destroying New York City. Players can also play as April O'Neil, Master Splinter, and Casey Jones.

A DLC expansion called "Dimension Shellshock" was released on August 31, 2023. The DLC included Miyamoto Usagi and Karai as playable characters

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the combat system, animations, soundtrack and multiplayer aspects.

The game was also nominated for many awards. Among the awards, it was nominated for both Best Audio and Best Multiplayer Game at 2022 Golden Joystick Awards, as well as Best Action Game and Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards in 2022.

Shum (song)

"Shum" (, ) is a 2021 song by Ukrainian folktronica group Go_A, made under the label Rocksoulana Music. It represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 in Rotterdam and won fifth place.

The lyrics of the song come from Ukrainian folk songs that people used in the "Shum" ritual, for example "" («»). The name of the ritual comes from Proto-Slavic words ' ("noise") or ' ("forest").

Lead singer Kateryna Pavlenko grew up in Polyssia, Northern Ukraine, and the song is inspired by the folklore of that region. In "Shum" she used the traditional "white voice" singing technique.

Each version of the song has a music video.

For the original version, Go_A directed a video with Ivan Buianskyi and they recorded it with a smartphone. In the first three weeks, people watched it more than 1 million times.

For the Eurovision version, they recorded a new video in a forest near the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.

"Shum" had to represent Ukraine in Eurovision Song Contest 2021. However, the song could not go to Eurovision, because the words were the same as folk songs and it was one minute too long (Eurovision rules say that songs must have original lyrics and can not be longer than 3 minutes).

Go_A did not want to change the original version, so they made made a new, shorter song, with different lyrics, and called it "the sequel". The new version has a happy energy and it is inspired by "" spring dancing rituals.

"Shum" is the second song fully in Ukrainian at Eurovision (the first was "Solovey", by the same group, the year before).

"Shum" won fifth place, with 364 total points. The song was the second most-voted by the public, with 267 public vote points, behind Italy's "Zitti e buoni". It got a maximum of 12 points from five countries.

The Coal Strike of 1912

The Coal Strike of 1912 was the first national strike by coal miners in the United Kingdom. Its main goal was securing a minimum wage. After 37 days, the government ended the strike by passing the Coal Mines Act, extending the minimum wage to the mining industry and certain other industries with many manual jobs.

Hasbro Entertainment

Hasbro Entertainment is an American production and distribution company that is a division of American toy and multimedia company Hasbro. It is the successor of Hasbro Studios/Allspark, following the sale of the majority of Entertainment One's assets (except for its family brands division, which has been folded into Hasbro) to Lionsgate on December 27, 2023.

Eurovision Song Contest 1988

The Eurovision Song Contest 1988 was the 33rd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. The contest had 21 countries taking part (originally 22 but Cyprus was disqualified). Switzerland won with "Ne partez pas sans moi", performed by Céline Dion.

It was held in Dublin after Ireland won in 1987 with Johnny Logan's song "Hold Me Now". 

Groups of sixteen people from each country ranked the songs. Each country's jury then awarded points to their ten favourite songs, with 12 going to the best, 10 to the second and 8 to 1 to the third to tenth ranked songs. The country with the most points won the contest.

Mukhtar Ashraf

Syed Muhammad Mukhtar Ashraf Ashrafi Al-Jilani (4 August 1916-21 November 1996) known as Sarkar-e-Kalaan or Makhdoom-ul-Mashaikh was an Indian Sufi saint and Islamic scholar who belonged to the family of Sadaat-e-Kichhauchha, the descendants of Ashraf Jahangir Semnani. He was father of Syed Muhammad Izhar Ashraf, his successor as the custodian of Dargah of Ashraf Jahangir Semnani.

Kurixalus naso

The uphill tree frog, long-snouted tree frog, Annandale's high-altitude tree frog, or proboscis frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus naso") is a frog. It lives in China, India, and Myanmar. People have seen it between 252 and 1631 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees. Scientists do not think it lives in places that human beings have changed. The frog lays eggs in small pools of water that dry up for part of the year. The eggs hatch into tadpoles that swim.

These frogs fight each other over good places to look for food. It only eats a few kinds of food, mostly animals without spines.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. Human beings change the places where it lives to make farms called "jhum" and to build dams that make electricity.

Chessplus

Chessplus is a chess variant made by the Australian family company Chessplus Team.

Chessplus can come in 1 of 3 packages.


As for the pieces, they are designed so players can merge them.

Chessplus is played similarly to basic chess, but pieces can merge. The only piece that can not merge is the king. Pieces can only merge with other pieces of their own color. Only 2 pieces can be merged at a time. Pieces may split, in which they use their original move.
Castling may be done with a piece merged with a rook. Just like in regular chess, the rook can not have moved. For example, if a knight moved to combine with a rook, castling is possible, but if that rook moved to combine with the knight, then that rook can no longer castle. 

Similar to the castling rules, en passant can only be used on a combination of 2 pawns. If the combination were to be a pawn and another piece, en passant is not allowed.

It was inspired by an illegal move the leader's daughter, Aimee, who, at age 8, made during a chess match with her father.

Chessplus received mostly good reviews.


</nowiki>
Michael Catain

Michael Alan Catain (born March 12, 1956) is an American businessman and convicted criminal. He became well-known through his connection to Tom Petters, a former businessman and convicted criminal, and the Petters US$3.7 billion Ponzi scheme.

Michael Alan Catain was born in Cook County, Illinois on March 12, 1956, as the younger of two children to Jack M. Catain Jr., a businessman and convicted criminal who was a central figure in the biggest American stock-market scandal of the 1980s, and Marlene Catain (née Noble; 1934–2014), a homemaker and retired women's apparel sales associate. His mother was Jewish. His elder sister is Michele Catain, a crew member and real estate agent.

Catain attended Birmingham High School, a charter college-preparatory school, graduating in 1974. He then attended Western Colorado University, a public university.

Catain founded Enchanted Family Buying Company (EFBC) in Excelsior, Minnesota in 2002, which was later revealed to be a shell corporation. He funneled about US$12 billion through his company at Anchor Bank and collected about US$3 million in commission.

On October 3, 2008, Catain was charged with money laundering. On October 8, he pleaded guilty to money laundering on behalf of the former businessman and convicted criminal Tom Petters between 2002 and September 2008. The Petters Ponzi scheme has been included under historical examples on the list of Ponzi schemes. He then awaited sentencing. He had properties in Costa Rica. In January 2009, Catain was taken back into custody after violating the terms of his release by hiding assets from the court. He was accused of taking US$14,000 in proceeds from Excelsior Bay Car Wash, a car wash he owned. His home was searched and some items were removed, which were later returned. His assets were frozen, by a court-order. He once told Petters: "it rained last night and 18 head of cabbage grew", later confirming that he meant US$18,000 in cash had been delivered. Catain first met Petters in the mid-1990s, when Catain was running a retail liquidation business. Petters first approached Catain in 2000. Catain was later sued by GE Capital and put out of business. Catain testified against Petters in court on November 12, 2010. He was due to be sentenced after March 15, 2010. His sentencing date had not been scheduled by July 2010. He had no prior criminal record. He was ordered to be released from the Sherburne County jail by a federal judge on March 21, 2011. Catain's wife, Joan Kenney Catain, has been named in official court documents.

On September 13, 2010, Catain was sentenced to seven and a half years in federal prison on one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering. He had been released on a US$25,000 bond in October 2008 and jailed for two months in early 2009. He received credit for the two months he had previously served. He requested to serve his full time at the federal prison camp in Duluth, Minnesota. His release date was set for March 31, 2017.

Catain was released on April 21, 2017, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons. He had been imprisoned at Duluth Federal Prison Camp. He spent three years on supervised release.

Catain founded lovepeacecows.com upon his release from prison, and worked at Tinos Pizza, a family run pizzeria in Birmingham.

Catain married Joan Kenney Wolff (born 1956), a businesswoman, in Clark County, Nevada on January 3, 1981. They have two sons together; Michael Alan "Mike" Catain Jr. (born December 3, 1981), a chiropractor, and Nicholas Edward "Nick" Catain (born January 2, 1989), a psychologist.

Catain is the uncle of Todd Durboraw, a former actor and crew member.

Catain's father, Jack M. Catain Jr., married Kathleen Richards, a casting director, in 1980. Richards was Catain's stepmother, briefly. Catain Jr. and Richards divorced in 1982. Catain's mother, Marlene Katz, died from cancer in Las Vegas, Nevada on September 29, 2014. She was 80. Marlene married Byron Ellis "Al" Katz (1928–2019), a businessman, in 1986. Katz was Catain's stepfather.

Catain resides in Minnetonka, Minnesota.

In March 2011, it was reported that Catain was in poor health and would need hip and back surgery in the near future.

Pittsburgh International Airport

Pittsburgh International Airport (IATA: PIT, ICAO: KPIT, FAA LID: PIT), previously known as Greater Pittsburgh International Airport, is a civil-military international airport in Findlay Township and Moon Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Around 10 miles (16km) west of downtown Pittsburgh, it is the main airport of the Greater Pittsburgh Region.

Ground proximity warning system

A Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS) is a system meant to warn pilots if the aircraft they’re flying is in immediate danger into terrain. The FAA defines GPWS as a type of Terrain Awareness and Warning System (TAWS). More advanced GPWS systems were introduced in 1996 which are known as Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning Systems (EGPWS) which is a modern type of TAWS.
Cities: Skylines

Cities: Skylines is a city-building video game. It was published by Paradox Interactive and was developed by Colossal Order. The game was first released on 10 March 2015 for Linux, OS X, and Windows. It was also later released on 21 April 2017 for the Xbox One, 15 August 2017 for the PlayStation 4, 13 September 2018 for the Nintendo Switch, 17 May 2022 for the Google Stadia, and 15 February 2023 for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S.

When the idea of a full city simulation game first came up, Colossal Order had rejected the idea because they didn't believe that they could properly compete with the "SimCity" series. They decided to change their minds after they saw an opportunity with the failure of the 2013 "SimCity".

In the game, players build a city. They can control many things in the city such as taxes and zoning. With the inclusion of the "Natural Disasters" DLC, sometimes things such as earthquakes, tsunamis and other disasters can hit and destroy parts of the town. Players can use mods from the Steam Workshop to expand and increase the level's area to build.

There was a sequel game called "" on 24 October 2023.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the low cost of the game and that it felt like a return to what made the city building genre great. Some even said that it had overtaken "SimCity" as the dominant game in the genre.

Since June 2022, "Cities: Skylines" has sold over 12 million copies worldwide. It is also the best selling game in Finnish game history.

Echo, Utah

Echo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Summit County, Utah, United States.

Daniel Gygax

Daniel Gygax (born 28 August 1981) is a former Swiss football player. He played as a midfielder. He has played for FC Zürich, FC Winterthur, FC Aarau, Lille, Metz, 1. FC Nürnberg, FC Luzern, FC Le Mont, Zug 94 and the Switzerland national team.

Vertical stabilizer

A vertical stabilizer or a tail fin is a part of the vertical tail of an airplane (a kind of aircraft). They also usually have one or more moveable rudders hinged to it. The role of a vertical stabilizer is to make the aircraft stable, give the pilots control of the aircraft and control the yaw of the aircraft. A vertical stabilizer is normally place on the rear fuselage of the aircraft. One plane crash involving the vertical stabilizer is Japan Airlines Flight 123.

Digital literacies

Digital literacies are "the practices of communicating, relating, thinking, and ‘being’ associated with digital media” (Jones & Hafner 2021: 17).

Jones, R. & Hafner, C. (2021). "Understanding Digital Literacies". 2nd edition. Abingdon: Routledge (1st edition 2012).
Bhar caste

The Bhar are a Hindu caste found in North India. They are also known as Rajbhar. British historian General Cunningham said that Bhars are branch of the Ahir tribe.
Shama Barnhill

Shama Barnhill (Urdu: شمع قبانی‎) (born April 25, 1985) also known as Shama Hyder is an Indian-American businessperson, writer, speaker, web and TV personality. She is known for founding Zen Media. Barnhill is also author of the books "The Zen of Social Media Marketing" and "Momentum."

Kurixalus banaensis

The bana bubble-nest frog or bana frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus banaensis") is a frog. It lives in Laos and Vietnam. People have seen it between 109 and 1510 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have mostly evergreen trees. People have not seen them anywhere that is not a forest. Scientists think this frog's tadpoles swim in water that does not move.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, human beings cut down the forests where it lives to build farms. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks: Bach Ma National Park, Song Thanh Nature Reserve, and Bac Huong Hoa Nature Reserve.

Xenia

Xenia can be

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Missouri

Ohio


Xenia (variants include Ksenia, Kseniia, Ksenija, Kseniya) a feminine name, can be




George Wallace 1964 presidential campaign

The George Wallace 1964 presidential campaign began on November 15, 1963, when Alabama Governor George Wallace announced his intention to run in the 1964 Democratic Party presidential primaries against then-incumbent President John F. Kennedy. Following the assassination of Kennedy by Lee Harvey Oswald 7 days later, Wallace continued his campaign against President Lyndon B. Johnson. Wallace ultimately earned only 10.8% of the popular vote and won no contests. He suspended his campaign live on "Face the Nation" on July 19, 1964, and allegedly began to support 1964 Republican nominee Barry Goldwater. In the 1964 general election, Goldwater won Wallace's home state of Alabama by 39 points.

This was the first of four presidential campaigns by George Wallace. Wallace ran again in the 1968 United States presidential election as the nominee of the American Independent Party, where he carried 5 states. He then went on to run in the 1972 Democratic Party presidential primaries and the 1976 Democratic Party presidential primaries, where he lost the nomination to George McGovern and Jimmy Carter, respectively.

In the summer of 1964, Wallace received the endorsement of restaurant owner and future Governor of Georgia Lester Maddox.
According to "The Washington Post", former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan David Duke based his 1992 presidential campaign on Wallace's 1964 campaign.




Loitz

Loitz is a town in Vorpommern-Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. The town is on the river Peene. It is 10 km northeast of Demmin and 22 km southwest of Greifswald.


Ueckermünde

Ueckermünde is a port town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district. The town is at the mouth of the river Uecker into the Szczecin Lagoon.

Tutow

Tutow is a municipality in Vorpommern-Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Marlow, Germany

Marlow is a town in Vorpommern-Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Zingst

Zingst is a municipality in Vorpommern-Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Fredericktown, Missouri

Fredericktown is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Marquand, Missouri

Marquand is a city in Madison County, Missouri, United States.

Cobalt, Missouri

Cobalt is a village in Madison County, Missouri, United States.

Junction City, Missouri

Junction City is a village in Madison County, Missouri, United States.

Cathlamet, Washington

Cathlamet is a town in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Wahkiakum County.

Stevenson, Washington

Stevenson is a city in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Skamania County.

University of Pisa

The University of Pisa () is a public research university in Pisa, Italy. It was founded in 1343 and is one of the oldest universities in Europe.

Digital literacy

Digital literacy is the name for a set of skills that enable a person to exist in what is called information society. This means that people can use digital media platforms to their advantage. They can use information technology to create, evaluate, and share information. Literacy is the ability to read and write, in a given language. People who can read and write use these skills to communicate. Digital literacy is similar: The idea is to use modern electronic devices such as computers and mobile phones to get up ot date information, to share this information with others, and to comment on this information on digital platforms. The distinction between the people who have difital literacy and who can use it to theirt advantage, and those who don't have it, or can't use it is called digital divide. While using digital media platforms is often free, special devices (such as computers or mobile phones) are needed to access the platforms.

Digital native

A digital native is a person who has grown up in the Information Age. For a digital native, using digital technolgies such as computers, Mobile phones or the internet is normal. The other term is called "digital immigrant".

The term "digital native" was coined by Marc Prensky, an American writer, speaker and technologist who wrote several articles referencing this subject. This term specifically applied to the generation that grew up in the "digital age," predominantly regarding individuals born after the year 1980, namely Millennials, Generation Z, and Generation Alpha. Individuals from these demographic cohorts can consume digital information quickly and comfortably through electronic devices and platforms such as computers, mobile phones, and social media.

History of the universe

The history of the universe started with an event called "The Big Bang".
It took place billions of years ago, when the universe went from highly-packed energy, to rapidly-expanding energy, like an explosion. The universe still expands today.

The earliest stages of the universe had equal amounts of matter and anti-matter. They collided with each other, and canceled each other out. After thousands of years, matter began to outnumber anti-matter. Today, the universe is made of mostly matter, and not much anti-matter exists.

The different types of subatomic particles appeared quickly. One second after the Big Bang, particles called neutrinos separated from the rest of the universe. Neutrinos still exist, but are so small we can't see them without large nuclear machines.

When the subatomic particles collided, they created atoms. Everything you can touch and feel is made of atoms. Atoms are categorized into elements based on their subatomic particles. Elements with simple atomic structures, such as hydrogen and helium, were seen soon after the Big Bang.

Atoms can have different states, depending on how much energy they have. When these earliest atoms first released energy in the form of light, they left a measurable effect in the form of a faint glow called electromagnetic radiation that large telescopes at observatories can see in the night sky.

Once hydrogen and helium started forming, they created clouds of gas. Gravity caused these clouds to rotate, creating galaxies and stars. Some atoms, such as lithium, appeared as dust particles. As dust particles formed and gravitated toward each other, they created planets.

The Big Bang took place sometime 10-22 billion years ago, and Earth first formed around 4 billion years ago. The history of life on Earth began soon after it was formed, around 3.7 billion years ago. However, humans did not appear until much later, ~6 million-500,000 years ago, a tiny fraction of the history of life (~0.16%, this is because a billion is much, much larger than a million!).

Some day, the universe will end. This is estimated to occur extremely far in the future, in an event called the "Heat Death". When this happens, the universe will have expanded so much, that all matter will be equalized. It is estimated to occur in (17 followed by 106 zeroes) years in the future (also written as 1.7*10^106 years.).

Physicists believe that an even longer time after the end of the universe (~10^10^10^56 years), another universe could randomly appear.
Michele Catain

Michele Lynn "Mickey" Catain (born November 6, 1953), formally Michele Durboraw, is an American crew member and real estate agent. She is best known for "Welcome Back, Kotter" (1978–1979), "The Next Karate Kid" (1994) and "" (1999–2001). She is based in the Las Vegas, Nevada area.

Michele Lynn Catain was born in Los Angeles, California on November 6, 1953, as the elder of two children to Jack M. Catain Jr., a businessman and convicted criminal who was a central figure in the biggest American stock-market scandal of the 1980s, and Marlene Catain (née Noble; 1934–2014), a homemaker and retired women's apparel sales associate. Her mother was Jewish. Her younger brother is Michael Catain, a businessman and convicted criminal.

Catain attended Birmingham High School, a charter college-preparatory school.

Catain began her career on September 11, 1978, on the casting department for the fourth season of the ABC sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter".

Catain worked as a production assistant on the children's music sing-along "Kidsongs: The Wonderful World of Sport" in March 1987.

Catain worked as a production coordinator: Usa on the film "Blink of an Eye" on July 24, 1992.

Catain worked as production secretary on the martial arts drama film "The Next Karate Kid" on August 12, 1994.

Catain worked as a production executive on the seventh and eighth season of the CBS comedy-mystery-medical crime drama television series "" between September 19, 1999 and November 23, 2001. She then worked on two television movies from the ; "Town Without Pity" on February 6, 2002 and "Without Warning" on April 26, 2002.

Catain worked on episodes two, three and four of the UPN drama television series "The Beat" on March 28, April 4, and April 11, 2000.

Catain was credited as Michele Durboraw throughout her career as a crew member.

Catain works as a real estate agent in the Las Vegas, Nevada area. She works for ERA Brokers. She is known by her maiden name, professionally.

Catain married David Thomas Durboraw (born June 4, 1951), a businessman, in Los Angeles, California on February 17, 1974. Their only child, Todd Durboraw, a former actor and crew member, was born on April 28, 1976. The couple divorced on October 3, 1979. She has four grandchildren.

Catain's father, Jack M. Catain Jr., married Kathleen Richards, a casting director, in 1980. Richards was Catain's stepmother, briefly. Catain Jr. and Richards divorced in 1982. Catain's mother, Marlene Katz, died from cancer in Las Vegas, Nevada on September 29, 2014. She was 80. Marlene married Byron Ellis "Al" Katz (1928–2019), a businessman, in 1986. Katz was Catain's stepfather.

Catain is also known as Mickey Catain.

Catain resides in Henderson, Nevada.

Count Nikolai of Monpezat

Count Nikolai of Monpezat (born Prince Nikolai of Denmark; August 28 1999) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the eldest son of Prince Joachim and his first wife, Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg, the eldest grandchild of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik, and the eldest nephew of King Frederik X. He is currently sixth in the line of succession to the Danish throne. At the time of his birth, he was third, after his uncle and father. 

Nikolai was born a prince of Denmark at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen on 28 August 1999. He is the oldest grandchild of Queen Margrethe II and her late husband, Prince Henrik. 

He was baptized in the chapel of the Fredensborg Palace on 6 November 1999 by the Danish Chaplain-in-Ordinary, Christian Thodberg. At the christening, the musical work Lys pa din vej, composed by Frederik Magel and dedicated to the prince, was performed for the first time. His godparents are his paternal uncle King Frederik X, his maternal aunt Nicola Baird, Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh, Peter Steenstrup and Camilla Flint. 

After their divorce in 2005, Prince Joachim and Alexandra had joint custody of the prince and his brother Count Felix. 

Nikolai was confirmed on 18 May 2013 in Fredensborg Palace Church in the presence of his immediate family and all his godparents. 

Like his father and uncle, the prince attended Krebs School in Copenhagen. In 2014, he attended 10th grade at Herlufsholm School in Naestved. He received his upper secondary education there as well. Upon leaving Herlufsholm School in August 2018, he started a two-year miliary program at the Royal Danish Army's Sergeant School in Varde. However, he dropped out two months later as he felt a career in the military did not suit him. In July 2019, he was admitted to Copenhagen Business School to study Business Administration and Service Management. As part of that course, in 2023, Nikolai moved to Australia to take a semester at University of Technology Sydney. 

In early 2018, Nikolai signed as a fashion model with the agency Scoop Models. He made his runway debut in February 2018 at Burberry's show at London Fashion Week. He says he sees modeling as a job rather than a career. 

In February 2023, Nikolai signed as a model for Elite Model World-Paris under the name of 'Nikolai.' 

In May he also signed with Barcelona based modeling agency Sight Management Studio as 'Count Nikolai of Monpezat.' 


Milano Centrale railway station

Milano Centrale is the main railway station of the city of Milan, Italy, and is the second busiest railway station in Italy (after Roma Termini). It is at the northern end of central Milan. It is the largest railway station in Europe. 

The station is a terminus. It opened in 1931. The old central station built in 1864 could not handle the increased traffic caused by the opening of the Simplon Tunnel in 1906.

Milano Centrale has high-speed connections to Turin in the west, Venice via Verona in the east and on the north–south mainline to Bologna, Rome, Naples and Salerno. The Simplon and Gotthard railway lines connect Milano Centrale to Basel and Geneva via Domodossola and Zürich via Chiasso in Switzerland.

The Milan suburban railway service does not use Milano Centrale but the other mainline stations: Porta Garibaldi (northwest), Cadorna (west) and Rogoredo (east).

Architect Aldo Rossi said in an interview of February 1995 to Cecilia Bolognesi: "They told me that when Frank Lloyd Wright came to Milan, and he came only once, he was really impressed by it and said it was the most beautiful station in the world. For me it is also more beautiful than Grand Central Station in New York. I know few stations like this one".

Bologna Centrale railway station

Bologna Centrale is the main railway station in Bologna, Italy. It is at the northern edge of the city centre. It is the southern end of the Milan-Bologna high-speed line, which opened on 13 December 2008. It is the northern end of three lines between Bologna and Florence: the original Bologna-Florence line through Porretta Terme and Pistoia; the Bologna–Florence Direttissima via Prato, which opened on 22 April 1934 and the Bologna-Florence high-speed line, which opened to traffic on 13 December 2009.

Bologna Centrale is the fifth-busiest in Italy. There are about 58 million passengers per year. It is one of the busiest, along with Rome Termini Station, for the number of train movements per day (about 800).

The station is linked to Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport by the Marconi Express, a direct monorail line in length, launched on 18 November 2020.

There are two levels of railway tracks in the station complex: Bologna Centrale and Bologna Centrale (AV) "alta velocità (high speed)". The central part of Bologna Centrale has through tracks for high-speed trains (except Frecciarossa trains which travel only on the Milan-Bologna high-speed line), intercity and regional trains. The western side has six tracks for regional trains from Milan or Verona. The eastern side has six tracks for regional trains from Prato, Ancona and Pescara.

Count Felix of Monpezat

Count Felix of Monpezat (born Prince Felix of Denmark; 22 July 2002) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the younger son of Prince Joachim and his first wife, Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik, a nephew of King Frederik X. Felix is currently seventh in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Biography

Felix was born a Prince of Denmark at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark on 22 July 2002. When his father met the press following the birth, he joked that the baby could be named from Ib to Nebuchadnaar. 

He was baptized in Mogeltonder Church in Mogeltonder on 4 October 2002 by the Danish Chaplain-in-Ordinary, Christian Thodberg. His names were revealed to be Felix Henrik Valdemar Christian. His godparents are his maternal aunt, Martina Bent; and friends of his parents, Count Christian Ahlefeldt-Laurvig, Oscar Davidsen Siesbye, Damian Sibley and Annick Boel. At the christening, the musical work Dabens Pagt composed by Frederik Magle, dedicated to Prince Felix, saw its inaugural performance. 

After their divorce, Prince Joachim and Countess Alexandra shared joint custody of Felix and his older brother Nikolai. 

The prince attended pre-school at the Garnison Church in Copenhagen, and at age six, followed in the footsteps of his father, brother and uncle at Krebs School in Osterbro. In 2018, he began his secondary education at Gammel Hellerup Gymnasium, making him the first member of the Danish royal family to attend a non-private upper secondary school. 

In 2021, the Danish court confirmed that he had passed his entry exam to the Royal Danish Military Academy. 

In October 2022, he left his (2 year long) Army's Lieutenant Training, which he had begun in August, at the Gardehus Barracks in Slagelse, south-west of Copenhagen. He then started modeling with luxury jeweler Georg Jensen. 

Titles and Styles 

22 July 2002-29 April 2008 His Highness Prince Felix of Denmark 

29 April 2008-1 January 2023 His Highness Prince Felix of Denmark, Count of Monpezat 

1 January 2023-present His Excellency Count Felix of Monpezat 

Honors

-Recipient 75th Birthday Medal of Henrik, Prince Consort (11 June 2009)

-Recipient 70th Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2010)

-Recipient Ruby Jubilee Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 2012)

-Recipient 75th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2015)
Madrid Atocha railway station

Madrid Atocha , also named Madrid Puerta de Atocha–Almudena Grandes, was the first major railway station in Madrid. It is the largest station in the city. serving commuter trains, regional trains from the south and southeast, intercity trains from Navarre, Cádiz and Huelva (Andalusia) and La Rioja, and the AVE high speed trains from Girona, Tarragona and Barcelona (Catalonia), Huesca and Zaragoza (Aragon), Sevilla, Córdoba, Málaga and Granada (Andalusia), Valencia, Castellón and Alicante (Levante Region). As of 2019, this station has daily services to Marseille, France.

The station is in the Atocha neighborhood of the district of Arganzuela. 

Atocha station is a railway complex, formed by the Madrid Atocha Cercanías and Madrid Puerta de Atocha stations of Spain's national railways and a station of the Madrid underground called Atocha-Renfe. Renfe is the state-owned company which operates freight and passenger trains since 1941.

The old station opened in 1851. It was largely destroyed by fire and rebuilt by the MZA railway company. It reopened in 1892. A new four-track underground station with two through platforms for high-speed services is being built in 2024.

Seville–Santa Justa railway station

Seville–Santa Justa railway station is the main railway station in Seville, Andalusia. It was opened in 1991 when the Madrid–Seville high-speed rail line opened. It serves about 9.25 million passengers a year.

Seville's first main railway station was called Plaza de Armas railway station. It was on the banks of the Guadalquivir river. It was a terminus station for trains heading north of the city. A southern terminus called the "Cádiz station" served southbound trains. As part of the preparations for the arrival of the Seville Expo '92, the rail tracks on the river bank were removed and the area redeveloped. The Madrid–Seville high-speed rail line opened in 1992 with the new Santa Justa railway station connected via a tunnel to the underground San Bernardo railway station. There are now through services north to south.

Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg

Alexandra Christina, Countess of Frederiksborg, RE, formerly Princess Alexandra of Denmark, (nee Manley; born 30 June 1964) is the former wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark, the younger brother of King Frederik X of Denmark. 

She was born in Hong Kong. She is of mixed Asian-European ancestry. She met Prince Joachim in 1994. They married in 1995 and had two sons together. They divorced in 2005. 




Todd Durboraw

Todd Alyn Durboraw (born April 28, 1976) is an American former actor and crew member. He is best known for his work on the CBS police procedural crime drama television series "Criminal Minds" between 2001 and 2020.

Todd Alyn Durboraw was born in Los Angeles, California on April 28, 1976, as the only child to Michele Catain, a crew member and real estate agent, and David Thomas Durboraw (born 1951), a businessman. His parents divorced when he was two years old. His paternal grandfather was Jack M. Catain Jr., a businessman and convicted criminal. His uncle is Michael Catain, a businessman and convicted criminal.

Durboraw, at the age of 10, made his debut and only appearance as an actor with the role of Australian Kid in the children's music sing-along film "Kidsongs: I'd Like To Teach the World to Sing". His performance was uncredited.

Durboraw appeared as himself in the 1987 children's music sing along film "Kidsongs: The Wonderful World of Sport". He was credited as Todd Alyn.

Durboraw appeared as himself on the first season of the Syndication children's music television series "The Kidsongs Television Show" from 1987 to 1989.

Durboraw made his debut as a crew member in 1996, as a clapper loader on the ""A Stitch in Johnnytime"" episode of Johnnytime.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera on the ABC television sitcom "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" from September 27, 1996 to May 5, 2000.

Durboraw worked as a clapper loader on 48 episodes of the Fox science fiction drama television series "The X-Files" between 2000 and 2001.

Durboraw worked as a second and first assistant camera on the ABC legal drama and comedy drama television series "Boston Legal" from October 3, 2004 to December 8, 2008.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera on the first season of the ABC sitcom television series "Modern Family" from September 23, 2009 to May 19, 2010.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera on the NBC legal comedy-drama television series "Harry's Law" from January 17, 2011 to May 27, 2012.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera and production staff on 193 episodes of the CBS police procedural crime drama television series "Criminal Minds" between 2011 and 2020. Durboraw filed a lawsuit against supervisor Greg St. Johns on July 26, 2019. Durboraw alleges that St. Johns touched him in a sexual manor "approximately two to three times a week on average" from 2011. He is also suing ABC Studios, CBS, Warner Bros. and Entertianment Partners Enterprises on claims of assault, battery, sexual harassment and retaliation.

Dubroraw worked as a second assistant camera on the Showtime comedy-drama television series "Roadies" in 2016.

Durboraw is married to Christina Marie Durboraw, a businesswoman. They have four children together; Tyler, Riley, Alexis, and Reagan.

First Republic of Venezuela

The First Republic of Venezuela was a short-lived independent republic set up in New Granada in 1811 during the South American Wars of Liberation. lasting from 5 July 1811, to 25 July 1812. The period of the First Republic began with the overthrow of the Spanish colonial authorities Venezuela is notable for being the first Spanish American colony to declare its independence. 
Fictophilia

Fictophilia describes the attraction towards fictional characters.

Rhombichthys

Rhombichthys is an extinct genus of ellimmichthyiform from the Cenomanian of Palestine that contains only one species, R. intoccabilis.

"Rhombichthys" is a bizarre-looking fish. It does not exceed 25 cm. The most salient feature is its deep, rhombus-shaped body, hence its generic name. This is likely due to its high dorsal fin, which extends along the major part of the dorsal margin of the body.

The mouth was strongly faced upwards, so that the jaws were oriented almost vertically.

SMRT Corporation

SMRT Corporation is a public transport operator in Singapore operating bus and rail services. SMRT is part of the Government of Singapore's Temasek Holdings. It was created on 6 August 1987 and was listed on the Singapore Exchange from 26 July 2000 until 31 October 2016. It is one of the two major companies of Singapore's rail services along with SBS Transit.

Temasek

Temasek is the old name for the Republic of Singapore. (Chinese: 淡马锡, Malay: Temasek, Tamil: டெமாசெக்). Temasek was founded by Sang Nila Utama in 1299 and he renamed it to the Kingdom Of Singapura (1299-1345)
Sang Nila Utama

Sang Nila Utama was a prince in the Indonesian city of Palembang, and also the founder of the Kingdom of Singapura in 1299. His dad, King Sang Sapurba is giving him the throne next.

Detroit: Become Human

Detroit: Become Human is an adventure video game. It was published by Sony Interactive Entertainment and was developed by Quantic Dream. The game was first released on 25 May 2018 for the PlayStation 4. It was also later released on 12 December 2019 for Windows.

The game is set in 2038 Detroit. The player controls three androids called Kara, Connor, and Markus. Each of them have a different goal. Kara has become sentient and wants to protect a little girl named Alice. Connor does detective work to try and hunt for androids that have gained sentience. Markus becomes sentient and wants to help make other androids sentient as well. There are multiple ending depending on the players actions.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the setting, story, characters, and visuals.

Since December 2023, "Detroit: Become Human" has sold over 9 million copies worldwide. It is also the best selling game released by Quantic Dream.

Flour massacre

The Flour massacre happened in Gaza Strip on February 29, 2024. At least 118 people were killed, and around 760 people were injured when Israeli forces shot at civilians who were trying to get food from aid trucks near the Al-Nabulsi Roundabout on Al-Rashid Street in Gaza City.

Journalists, diplomats, and human rights groups call it a massacre, but the Israeli military disagrees with the term. Three Hospitals said they have treated over 100, 142, and "dozens" of people with gunshot wounds. The United Nations confirmed that many victims of gunshot wounds were present at Al-Shifa Hospital.

One of the victim who saw the incident said, "We went to get flour. The Israeli army shot at us. There are many martyrs on the ground and until this moment we are withdrawing them. There is no first aid."

The event became known as the "flour massacre", as named by the Palestinians.
The Gaza Health Ministry has reported that northern Gaza is in famine. Medical officials have reported that a "significant number" of children in Gaza have died due to malnutrition and Palestinians in Gaza City have been eating grass and animal feed to survive.

Dr. Mohammed Salha, Director at Al-Awda Hospital told reporters that 142 of the 176 wounded people that were brought to the hospital had gunshot wounds, and that the remaining 34 were injured from a stampede.


F9 (movie)

F9 is a 2021 American action-thriller movie. It is the eighth movie in the "Fast & Furious" franchise series. It stars Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, John Cena, Nathalie Emmanuel, Jordana Brewster, Sung Kang, Michael Rooker, Helen Mirren, Kurt Russell, and Charlize Theron.

The movie was released on June 25, 2021. It made $726.2 million around the world.


Jack M. Catain Jr.

Jack Michael Catain Jr. (May 29, 1930 – February 21, 1987) was an American businessman and convicted criminal. He became well-known through his connections to the American Mafia.

Jack Michael Catain Jr. was born in Cook County, Illinois on May 29, 1930, as the younger of two sons to Jack Michael Catain Sr. (1904–1978), a businessman, and Angelina "Angie" Catain (née Capoluongo; 1904–1958), a housewife. His elder brother was Salvatore Rocco "Solly" Catain (1928–2021), an electrician.

Catain Jr. graduated from Von Steuben High School, a public high school in Chicago, in 1946.

Catain Jr. founded an aluminum company upon moving from Chicago, Illinois to Los Angeles, California in the 1950s. He eventually headed the company as president when it was acquired by Rusco, a Westwood-based conglomerate with annual revenues of US$100 million. Catain Jr. and Rusco were the subject of police investigations around 1978. He denied the allegations against him. He stepped down from the company in 1980.

Catain Jr. was involved in businesses ranging from cosmetics and construction to exotic-car sales. He worked primarily as a San Fernando Valley businessman.

Catain Jr. was well connected to the mob, with links to the highest level of American Mafia "families" in Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, and New York. He was the focus of much police effort since, at least, 1976. He had been accused of money laundering, extortion, trading in stolen securities, counterfeiting, and ticket scalping. He worked as a loan shark. He was labeled a mobster by "The Wall Street Journal". He had been named a Genovese Mafia enforcer.

Catain Jr. was indicted on federal counterfeiting charges in 1982, but after numerous postponements, William P. Gray, a United States District Judge, dismissed the case against him in April 1986.

Catain Jr. was convicted at his first ever trial on federal racketeering charges of conspiring to sell part of a US$3.3 million cache of counterfeit US$100 bills on November 7, 1986. He denied the allegations against him and accused the United States Secret Service investigators and prosecutors from the United States Organized Crime Strike Force of tampering with evidence. His sentencing was scheduled for December 8. He was released on US$50,000 bail. Catain Jr. was scheduled to be sentenced on January 28, 1987, but, was admitted to the hospital with a heart problem on January 27, and his sentencing was postponed for three weeks. On February 18, 1987, it was reported that his sentencing had been postponed for six months and scheduled for August 17. Catain Jr. died three days later while awaiting sentencing. He had faced up to 15 years imprisonment and US$225,000 in fines.

Catain Jr. was connected to Barry Minkow, a businessman, pastor and convicted felon. After graduating from high school in 1985, Minkow devoted all of his time to ZZZZ Best. Short of cash, Minkow got a loan from Catain. Catain later sued Minkow for not paying him his share of the company's profits, but Minkow claimed Catain was a usurer. The lawsuit was still working its way through the courts at the time of Catain's death.

Catain Jr. resided in Tarzana, Los Angeles. He had contributed to numerous charities. He was a registered Democrat.

Catain Jr. was married three times, and had two children from his first marriage.

Catain Jr. married Marlene Noble (1934–2014), an apparel sales associate, in Cook County, Illinois on May 29, 1953, his 23rd birthday. They had two children together; a daughter, Michele Catain (born November 6, 1953), a crew member and real estate agent, and a son, Michael Catain (born March 12, 1956), a businessman and convicted criminal. Their divorce was finalized on December 26, 1979. He had two grandsons, including Todd Durboraw. A third grandson was born two years after his death. Marlene's sister, Florence Joyce "Flory" Noble, was married to Catain Jr.'s brother from September 25, 1953 until her death on December 22, 2018.

Catain Jr. married Kathleen Richards, a casting director, in Los Angeles, California on July 4, 1980. He gained three stepdaughters upon this marriage; Kathy Hilton, Kim Richards and Kyle Richards, all of whom were actresses. Their divorce was finalized on March 16, 1982.

Catain Jr. married Phyllis Joan Sherwood (née Dorne; born May 12, 1935), a performer, singer and actress, in Los Angeles, California on May 1, 1983. He gained two grown stepsons upon this marriage; Michael Sherwood and Billy Sherwood, both of whom were musicians, the sons of Bobby Sherwood, an actor. She worked as the president of Beauty Sales Inc. and Le Mid during their marriage. The couple separated in 1985 and were married at the time of his death.

Catain Jr. had a long history of medical problems. He survived two heart attacks and had artificial hips. He had also been diagnosed with terminal heart disease. He suffered from a variety of heart ailments. He underwent open heart surgery.

Catain Jr. died while in the cardiac intensive care unit at Encino Hospital Medical Center in Los Angeles, California on February 21, 1987. He was 56. His death was confirmed by a nursing supervisor, but no further details were announced. His attorney, James A. Twitty, confirmed that he had been hospitalized for heart surgery.

Catain Jr. was interred at the San Fernando Mission Cemetery in Mission Hills, Los Angeles, California.

Rail transport in the Czech Republic

Rail transport in the Czech Republic carried 193.5 million passengers in 2019, and 68.37 million tonnes of cargo in the year 2009. Most passenger services are run by the state company České dráhy (Czech Railways). Until 2007 they also managed cargo services. Now they are run by ČD Cargo. 

In 2009 the country had 9,420 km of standard gauge track, 3,153 km is electrified. There are two main electrification systems in the Czech Republic, 3 kV DC in the northern part, and 25 kV 50 Hz AC in the south. One historical 24 km long line uses 1.5 kV DC. Since 2009 one short local line to Austria uses 15 kV 16.7 Hz AC). Locomotives had to be changed on boundaries in the past. The network has same gauge links to all four countries bordering the Czech Republic (Slovakia, Austria, Germany and Poland). Major hubs for international passenger services are in Prague, Ostrava, Brno and Břeclav. The busiest station (by number of passengers) is Praha hlavní nádraží. Maximum speed on Czech rails is 160 km/h (99mph).

Count Henrik of Monpezat

Count Henrik of Monpezat (born Prince Henrik of Denmark; 4 May 2009) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the third and youngest son of Prince Joachim and the only son of his second wife, Princess Marie. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik and a nephew of King Frederik X. 

Henrik is eighth in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Henrik was born a prince of Denmark on 4 May 2009 at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital in Copenhagen. He has two older half-brothers from his father's first marriage, Nikolai and Felix, and a younger sister, Athena.

As per Danish royal tradition, his names were not revealed until his christening, which took place on 26 July 2009 at Mogeltonder Church, where his older brother Felix was also christened. At his christening, he received the names Henrik Carl Joachim Alain.

His godparents are his paternal aunt, Queen Mary of Denmark; his maternal uncles, Charles Cavallier and Benjamin Grandet; his mother's lady-in-waiting, Britt Davidsen Siesbye; as well as family friend, Christian Scherfig.

On 11 August 2015, he started school at Sct. Joseph Sostrenes Skole-a Catholic private school in Ordrup. In 2019, when he and his family moved to France, he was enrolled at the private school EIB Monceau in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. 

On Ascension Day, Thursday 18 May 2023, Count Henrik was confirmed in Frederikskirken-The Danish Church in Paris. The confirmation took place at 11:00 administered by the royal Chaplain-in-Ordinary, bishop Henrik Wigh-Poulsen, with the assistance of Frederikskirken's minister, Malene Bendtsen. 

Titles and Styles 

4 May 2009-1 January 2023 His Highness Prince Henrik of Denmark, Count of Monpezat 

1 January 2023-present His Excellency Count Henrik of Monpezat
Mouse Fitzgerald

Mouse Fitzgerald is the main protagonist of the Adult Swim television series "12 oz. Mouse". He is voiced by Matt Maiellaro.

Mouse Fitzgerald is a bright lime-green, crudely drawn mouse who has a circular body, oval-shaped head, two light lime-green ears, and several stick-like appendages.

Fitz is a green mouse who displays sociopathic, alcoholic, amnesiac, and anthropomorphic behavior. He is fond of beer and is caught in a world of espionage, love, and the delights of odd jobs. His speech usually consists of slow surrealist talking or a roundabout figure of speech instead of straight answers to questions. The first season of 12 oz. Mouse begins with him and his best friend Skillet causing havoc in Cardboard City, but Fitz quickly begins to recover suppressed memories that he once had a wife and a child who have now vanished. This leads him to seek answers about his past and the shadowy forces that seem to be manipulating his world.


Fadia Nasr Abu Alhaija

Fadia Naser Abu El Hija ( Arabic : فادیا ناسر ابو الهیجا ; born in 1955 ) is an education researcher. She is a full professor of education at Tel Aviv University , and serves as the head of the school of education. 

Abu Elhija is the first Palestinian to receive a professorship at a university in Israel and the first Arab woman to be appointed as a member of the Council for Higher Education in Israel. 

Sge graduated from University of Georgia.

In February 2016, she was one of six of the council's 19 members, who resigned in protest over the fact that Minister of Education Naftali Bennett dismissed Professor Hagit Messer Yaron from her position as deputy chairman of the council.

Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess Ahlefeldt-Laurvig-Bille (Alexandra Rosemarie Ingrid Benedikte; born 20 November 1970), is the first daughter and second of three children of Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berlrburg and Princess Benedikte of Denmark. Under the succession rules set by King Frederik IX, since Princess Benedikte and her children, including Princess Alexandra, have not taken up permanent residence in Denmark, they have effectively waived their place in the line of succession to the Danish throne. Since 19 May 1998, Alexandra has been a Danish citizen.

First Marriage and Children 

Alexandra was married on 6 June 1998 at Grasten Palace to Count Jefferson Pfeil Klein-Ellguth. Jefferson and Alexandra are distantly related, as both have descended from Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau. The couple has two children:

-Count Friedrich Richard Oscar Jefferson Pfeil Klein-Ellguth (born 14 September 1999 at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen)

-Countess Ingrid Alexandra Irma Astrid Benedikte Pfeil Klein-Ellguth (born 16 August 2003 at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen)

The family lived in Paris, where Count Jefferson was a managing director of the local branch of the bank Sal. 

Oppenheim and where she worked at UNESCO's World Heritage Centre. Beginning in 2013, the couple lived in Heidesheim Castle, Germany, Ahlefeldt of German and Danish descent. They live at Egeskov Castle, ancestral home of Counts of Ahlefeldt. 

Career 

Princess Alexandra worked for UNESCO World Heritage Centre until 2013, in charge of preserving the cultural heritage of countries in the Middle East and South Asia. 

Titles and Styles

20 November 1970-6 June 1998 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

6 June 1998-2017 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess of Pfeil-Ellguth

2017-18 May 2019 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

18 May 2019 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess of Ahlefeldt-Laurvig-Bille

House: Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (by birth), Ahlefeldt (by marriage)
České dráhy

České dráhy (English: "Czech Railways"), often shortened to ČD, is the main railway operator in the Czech Republic providing regional and long-distance services.

The company was established in January 1993, after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia. It is a successor of the Czechoslovak State Railways. It is a member of the International Railway Union (UIC Country Code for the Czech Republic is 54), the Community of European Railway and Infrastructure Companies, and the Organization for Cooperation of Railways. With twenty-four thousand employees ČD Group is the fifth largest Czech company by the number of employees.

Its EuroCity trains have dining cars with prepared fresh to order and craft beer.

In 1827–1836, the České Budějovice–Linz railway was built. It was the second horse-drawn railway in continental Europe. The first steam-hauled railway in the area was established in 1839, from Vienna to Břeclav. The first standard gauge electrified railway track in the area was built in 1903.

Mortoza Polash

Mortoza Polash is a popular Bangladeshi singer, actor and entrepreneur. In 2012, he won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer for the movie Khodar Pore Ma.

In the 1990s, Mortoza Polash formed a band called Orbit. His first solo album released was Prem Adree. He has released 38 solo albums. In addition, he also lends his voice to movie songs. He has lent his voice to more than 1500 movie songs.

Polash's album Phol Khey Lovebese was released in 2002. This album had a song titled "Ma Tumi Aamr Age Jeyo Nako More". This song was later used in the movie titled Khodar Pore Ma. He won the National Film Award for Best Male Vocalist in 2012 for this song.

Atif Maqbool (Politician)

Atif Maqbool (born July 16, 1999) is a Kashmiri politician, digital entrepreneur, and human rights activist from Leepa Valley, Pakistan Administered Jammu and Kashmir. He is known for his involvement in various social and political initiatives aimed at promoting digital literacy and raising awareness about modern education in the region.

Maqbool serves as the CEO of the Digital J&K Campaign, which focuses on empowering individuals through technological education and advancement. Additionally, he founded Azadi Times, an English-language newspaper dedicated to providing unbiased news coverage in Pakistani-administered Azad Kashmir.

Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Nathalie Xenia Margrethe Benedikte; born 2 May 1975) is a Danish equestrian, an Olympian, and the daughter of Princess Benedikte of Denmark and Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. 

She is the niece of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and King Constantine II of Greece. Her first cousin is King Frederik X of Denmark. 

A member of the Danish dressage team, she won bronze at the 2008 Summer Olympics and also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has been the coach of the Danish national dressage team since 2017.

Early Life

Princess Nathalie was born on 2 May 1975 in Copenhagen, Denmark, as the youngest of the three children of Princess Benedikte of Denmark and Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. She grew up at Schloss Berleburg in Bad Berleburg, Germany. 

Nathalie and her sister Alexandra became Danish citizens on 19 May 1998. Neither she nor her siblings are in line of succession to the throne, as that would have required taking up permanent residence in Denmark when reaching the age of mandatory education. 

Equestrian Career 

In 1994, Princess Nathalie began training at the Swedish stud Flyinge with her trainer, Kyra Kyrklund, a former world champion in dressage. After four years, during which she won the bronze medal at the European Championship with the Danish team, she had to change coaches as Kyrklund moved to England. She teamed up with Klaus Balkenhol, the coach of the German dressage team. 

Nathalie gained a place in the 2000 Olympic team as reserve rider, and afterward participated in the European Championship of 2001, winning a bronze medal, and the World Championship 2002 (where she was placed fourth) with the Danish team. She was a member of the Danish dressage team at the 2008 Summer Olympics and was awarded a bronze medal. 

She was part of the Danish equestrian team in the London 2012 Olympics, competing in team and individual dressage events on her horse Digby. She finished 12th in the individual event and helped Denmark to a 4th-place team finish. 

In January 2017, Nathalie was named head coach of the Danish national dressage team. 

She left the position in 2021 but has since continued to coach national team riders Cathrine Laudrup-Dufour and Daniel Bachmann Andersen privately. 

In addition to riding, she also breeds horses like her mother. In autumn 2005, she opened her own stud farm, which is based in Bad Berleburg. 

Marriage and Children 

On 4 January 2010, Princess Nathalie's engagement to German horse breeder Alexander Johannsmann (born 6 December 1977), son of showjumper Heinrich-Wilhelm Johannsmann, was announced. The couple married civilly 27 May 2010 and religiously the following year, on 18 June 2011 at the Protestant Stadtkirche in Berleburg, Germany. 

Princess Nathalie gave birth to a son, Konstantin Gustaf Heinrich Richard, on 24 July 2010. He was named Konstantin for his maternal grandfather, whose middle name is Konstantin, as well as for his maternal grand-uncle, King Constantine II of Greece; Gustav for his maternal uncle and godfather; Heinrich for his paternal grandfather; and Richard for his maternal grandfather. Konstantin's godparents were Queen Mary of Denmark, his aunt Ann-Kathrin Johannsmann, and his uncle Prince Gustaf. On 28 January 2015, she gave birth to her second child, a daughter named Louisa Margareta Benedikte Hanna, in Bad Berleburg, Germany. 

Titles and Styles 

2 May 1975-27 May 2010 Her Highness Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

27 May 2010-15 August 2022 Her Highness Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Mrs. Johannsmann 

15 August 2022-present Her Highness Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

House: Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

Honor

-Sweden: Recipient of the 50th Birthday Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf
Praha hlavní nádraží

Praha hlavní nádraží is the largest railway station in Prague, Czech Republic.

It opened in 1871 as Franz Josef Station, named after Franz Joseph I of Austria. During the First Republic and from 1945 to 1948 the station was called Wilson Station (), after the former President of the United States Woodrow Wilson.

In 2014, the station served 224,505 trains (610 daily) and more than 53,000,000 passengers.

The Art Nouveau station building and station hall were built between 1901 and 1909, designed by Czech architect Josef Fanta. It replaced the earlier Neo-Renaissance station designed by Czech architects Antonín Viktor Barvitius and Vojtěch Ignác Ullmann.

The station was extended by a new terminal building, built between 1972 and 1979, including an underground metro station and a main road on the roof of the terminal.

In 2011 a partial refurbishment of the station was completed by Italian company Grandi Stazioni, which had leased retail space for 30 years from 2002. In 2016 Grandi Stazioni lost the concession after failing to complete the renovation of the historic building by the extended contractual deadline.

In September 2021, a second exit was opened connecting the station to Winston Churchill Square in Žižkov via an underpass.

The station was where the children left who were evacuated to London Liverpool Street station via the Port of Harwich by Nicholas Winton. In 2009 a statue was unveiled on platform 1 commemorating this.

Beer in the Czech Republic

Beer () has a long history in what is now the Czech Republic. Brewing was recorded in Břevnov Monastery in 993. The city of Brno had the right to brew beer from the 12th century. Plzeň and České Budějovice (Pilsen and Budweis in German), had breweries in the 13th century.

The most common Czech beers are pale lagers of the pilsner type, with a characteristic transparent golden colour, high foaminess, and lighter flavour. Czech people drink more beer per person than any other country.

The largest Czech beer breweries are Pilsner Urquell, (Gambrinus, Radegast, Master); Staropramen (Staropramen, Ostravar, Braník, Velvet); and Budweiser Budvar. Other top-selling brands include Krušovice, Starobrno, Březňák, Zlatopramen, Lobkowicz, Bernard, and Svijany.

The strength of beer is measured by degree scale (in Czech: "stupňovitost"). This is the a weight percentage of sucrose. So, 12° beer has 12% sucrose dissolved in water. A 10° beer is about 4% alcohol by volume, a 12° is about 5%, and a 16° is about 6.5%.

According to Czech law, categories of beer, regardless of colour or style, are:

The history of beer in the modern Czech Republic, historically Bohemia, Moravia, and Silesia, goes back even before the Slavic migration in the 6th century. The ingredients used then were not the same as today.

Hops have been grown, used in beer making, and exported since the twelfth century. Most towns had at least one brewery. The most famous brewing cities in Bohemia were České Budějovice, Plzeň, and Prague. Other towns with breweries include Rakovník, Žatec, and Třeboň.

Brix

Degrees Brix (symbol °Bx) is a measure of the dissolved solids in a liquid. It is used to measure how much dissolved sugar there is in an aqueous solution. One degree Brix is 1 gram of sucrose in 100 grams of solution and represents the strength of the solution as percentage by mass. If the solution contains dissolved solids other than pure sucrose, then the °Bx only approximately measures the dissolved solid content. For example, when one adds equal amounts of salt and sugar to equal amounts of water, the degrees of refraction (BRIX) of the salt solution rises faster than the sugar solution. The °Bx is traditionally used in the wine, sugar, carbonated beverage, fruit juice, fresh produce, maple syrup and honey industries. The °Bx is also used for measuring the concentration of a cutting fluid mixed in water for metalworking processes.

Other scales for indicating sucrose content are: the Plato scale (°P), which is widely used by the brewing industry; the Oechsle scale used in German and Swiss wine making industries, amongst others; and the Balling scale, which is the oldest of the three systems and therefore mostly found in older textbooks, but is still in use in some parts of the world.

Börek

Börek or burek is a kind of pastries or pies found in the Balkans, Middle East and Central Asia. The pastry is made of a thin flaky dough such as filo with a variety of fillings, such as meat, cheese, spinach, or potatoes. Boreks are mainly associated with the Middle East, Caucasus, and also with the former Ottoman Empire, including the Balkans and the South Caucasus, Eastern European and Central European countries, Northern Africa and Central Asia. A borek may be prepared in a large pan and cut into portions after baking, or as individual pastries. They are usually baked but some are fried. Borek is sometimes sprinkled with sesame or nigella seeds. It can be served hot or cold.

It is a custom of Sephardic Jews to have "bourekas" for their Shabbat breakfast meal on Saturday mornings.

It is commonly served with ayran in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and North Macedonia.

Robbie Williams discography

This is the discography of the English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams.



List of songs recorded by Robbie Williams

This is a list of Robbie Williams' studio song during his time as a solo artist. Songs in blue have only appeared on other artists' albums; instead of Williams' albums. For songs sung by Williams as a member of Take That, see List of Take That songs.

Although Williams has led an extremely public solo career, certain recordings remain scarce, mainly due to their unavailability as a digital download, or international unavailability.

Many tracks recorded by Williams have never been commercially released. Some of these unreleased songs that have leaked as demos are listed here:

Chechil

Chechil or chechili is an Armenian brined string cheese, popular in Armenia and Georgia. It has a consistency like mozzarella or sulguni. It is made rolled up in a figure eight like thick braid-shaped ropes. Chechil is a smoked, braided, salty, string-cheese beer snack that is enjoyed by beer drinkers and enthusiasts. Chechil is made from pasteurized cow milk and is low in fat. Its taste is salty, very chewy, and with a smoky flavor to it. Its consistency is firm and smooth.

Chechil is one of the cheeses produced in the Armenian Highlands and is also called "husats" or "tel". It is a kneaded or pulled cheese, and the art of the cheese-maker is in stretching it thin so that it yields a "chicken-breast texture". The cheese is often sold braided in thick ropes. Curd is given a hot whey bath. Then it is kneaded and stretched to the desirable, pliable consistency. In the Western world, "chechil panir" is often called Armenian string cheese. Armenian refugees who settled in Syria after the Armenian genocide of 1915 introduced it in the country. In Turkey, chechil is called çeçil or tel peyniri. It is widely popular there. It is produced in Erzurum and in Ardahan. In Russia, it is very popular with beer in bars. Chechil is also produced in the USA. In the UK, Meskhuri Chechili is a "protected geographical indication" by agreement between the UK and Georgian governments.

Chechil is matured in brine and often smoked. It is sometimes mixed with other hard cheeses, and is stored in jars or wine skins.

Nutrient content:

Because of its low fat content, chechil is often used as diet food.

John Virgo

John Virgo (born 4 March 1946) is a former English professional snooker player. Since he retired, he has done commentary. He is known for doing impressions of other players. He was the co-host of Big Break.

At the 1979 UK Championship he beat Terry Griffiths in the final. Virgo was 11-7 ahead before the last session. He arrived late and was given a two-frame penalty. He was then losing 13-12. Virgo won the last two frames to win the event. It was the only event he won as a snooker player. Due to a strike, it was not televised.

The same year, Virgo also reached the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship. He lost 19-12 to Dennis Taylor.

Aleksandar Saša Trajkovski

Aleksandar Saša Trajkovski was born on March 28, 1985, in Bitola, North Macedonia is a Macedonian physician, poet, translator and interpreter.

Trajkovski attended and later studied at in Bucharest, Romania.

Trajkovski has worked as a physician at Dr. Trifun Panovski Hospital in Bitola since 2016, specializing in oncology and radiology. Alongside his medical career, he is also a poet, translator, and interpreter. His poetry has been published in books and translated into English. He works as a freelance interpreter and translator, focusing on literary translations. Trajkovski is active in literary circles and has participated in poetry readings across Macedonia and Europe.




Cabbage roll

A cabbage roll is a dish made of cooked cabbage leaves wrapped around some sort of stuffing. It is eaten in Central, Northern, Eastern and Southeastern Europe and much of Western Asia, Northern China, as well as parts of North Africa. Meat fillings are traditional in Europe. That may be beef, lamb, or pork seasoned with garlic, onion, and spices. Grains such as rice and barley, mushrooms, and vegetables are often included as well. Fermented cabbage leaves may be used for wrapping, particularly in southeastern Europe. In Asia, seafoods, tofu, and shiitake mushrooms or Vegeta may also be used. Chinese cabbage is often used as a wrapping.

Cabbage leaves stuffed with the filling are then baked, simmered, or steamed in a covered pot. They are generally eaten warm with a sauce. Many different sauces are used.. In Sweden and Finland, stuffed cabbage is served with lingonberry jam, which is both sweet and tart. In Central and Eastern Europe, tomato-based sauces and sour cream are typical. In Lebanon, the cabbage is stuffed with rice and minced meat and only rolled to the size of a cigar. It is usually served with a side dish of yogurt and a type of lemon and olive oil vinaigrette seasoned with garlic and dried mint.

Cabbage roll is eaten a lot in Romania. The recipe and sizing depends on the region. It often takes up to 6 hours to cook. Traditionally it is made with pork, beef, bacon, rice, spices and aromatics, in tomato sauce and served with polenta, sour cream and spicy pickled peppers.

Cooking textbook author Nancy Krcek stated that the origins are unclear. It is possible multiple groups of people invented it at the same time. Another cooking book author Malgorzata Caprari stated it is believed that credit is owed to the poorer inhabitants of Central and Eastern European countries. Due to the widespread cultivation of cabbage in these regions, it is likely that the cultures who inhabited them were the original inventors of this dish. 

Cabbage rolls have found their way into popular culture, becoming one of the most recognizable dishes in Central and Eastern European cuisine. They often appear in literature and films as a symbol of homey comfort and tradition.

A version called holishkes is traditionally eaten by Jews on Simchat Torah. Recipes vary. northern Poles prefer a savory sauce. In Galicia, Hungary and Ukraine people like sweet-and-sour.

Nikolaos Koklonis (entrepreneur)

Nikolaos koklonis (born August 4, 1983) is a Greek entrepreneur, producer and TV presenter. 

Nikos Koklonis studied business administration at the Athens University of Economics and Business and got a master’s degree in marketing at the Cornell University in New York.

In 2012, he founded "Air Fast Tickets". 

In 2015, Koklonis appeared on Fortune 's list of the 40 most successful entrepreneurs under 40.

He was a representative of the electronic platform Dealber , which was based and housed on Syngrou Avenue. The company cooperated with the TV station SKAI, giving prizes to the winners of the game show Kane Pazari.

Kokloni's television career began in 2016 with the travel show Celebrity Travel, which was initially broadcast on the SKAI television network.

He is the founder of the television production company Barking Well Media and the publisher of the magazine OK! as well as the websites Znews"" and "OK mag."During the 2020–2021 season Barking Well also produced the Mega Channel 's Roomies and Celebrity Game Night.

In 2020, Koklonis acquired the rights of the OK! brand for Greece. In 2021 he launched the OK! website in Greece for the first time at okmag.gr."".

During the 2021-2022 season, Barking Well expanded its partnership with Mega, assuming production responsibilities for the live entertainment shows Hamogela Xana (which still airs on Mega Tv every weekend) and Ti Les Tora.

In 2023, Barking Well Media assumed the production of the “IQ 160” TV series for Star Channel. In September of the same year Barking Well Media produced for Star Channel the Greek version of “Star Academy” talent show, that was launched under the name “Fame Story”.

Kurixalus idiootocus

The Mientien small tree frog, Mientien tree frog, or temple tree frog ("Kurixalus idiootocus") is a frog. It lives in Taiwan. People have seen it between 50 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grasslands, places with small woody plants, and pady fields. This frog lays eggs in the dirt between the dead leaves on the ground. After the eggs hatch, the rain pushes the tadpoles into shallow water that does not move. The tadpoles can float on top of the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that human beings have changed. However, human beings built roads and buildings in the places where the frog would live. Some of the places the frog lives are protected parks.

France 24

France 24 is a French state-owned international news television network. It was launched on December 6, 2006. It broadcasts in French, English, Arabic and Spanish languages.

The channel was born from the wish of the President of the French Republic, Jacques Chirac in 2002 who wanted to give France a voice outside the country, against American (CNN), British (BBC World News) and Qatari (Al Jazeera) competitors. When it was launched in 2006, it was originally available only in French and English language. In 2010, it launched its Arabic channel and in 2017, it launched it's new channel in Spanish language.

France 24 is available by satellite in most of Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, as well as by cable and antenna in the US cities of Albany, Atlanta, Macon, and San Francisco. The Government of Niger suspended France 24 following the 2023 Nigerien coup d'état.

It has an official App for Android users. An official App for the iPhone has also been released. On 3 October 2014, France 24 began live streaming the channel on YouTube.

Chorba

Chorba or shorba is a kind stews or rich soups found in national cuisines across the Middle East, Maghreb, Iran, Turkey, Southeast Europe, Central Asia, East Africa and South Asia. It is often prepared with added ingredients but served alone as a broth or with bread.

Life thru a Lens

Life thru a Lens is the first studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was Williams' first solo album following his departure from Take That. It was released on 29 September 1997.

Notes

Prince Félix of Luxembourg

Prince Felix of Luxembourg, Prince of Bourbon-Parma and Prince of Nassau (Felix Leopold Marie Guillaume; born 3 June 1984) is the second son of Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg, and Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg. He is currently fourth in the line of succession to the throne of Luxembourg.

Biography 

Prince Felix was born on 3 June 1984 in the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

He is the second of the five children of Grand Duke Henri and Grand Duchess Maria Teresa, the others being: Hereditary Grand Duke Guillaume, Prince Louis, Princess Alexandra and Prince Sebastien. His godparents are Prince Jean and Catalina Mestre. 

He was named after his great-grandfather, Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.

Prince Felix attended primary school at Lorentzweiler before attending a private school for his secondary educated called Notre Dame Sainte-Sophie of Luxembourg then at the American School of Luxembourg. In 1998, he went to the Swiss boarding school College Alpin International Beau Soleil in Villars-sur Ollon. 

During his time at the boarding school, he would encounter his future spouse. In 2003, he graduated from secondary school with honors and joined the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in the United Kingdom. However before graduating, he had to quit because of health reasons surrounding a knee injury. 

Between 2003 and 2004, Prince Felix took interest in different fields of study such as political science, psychology and communication, leading him to attend schools in England and Belgium. He has also completed courses at various companies in order to obtain additional professional experience. 

In 2005, Prince Felix jointed the Marketing and Public Relations department of Grand Chelem Management SA, a Swiss company specializing in the organization of sporting and cultural events. He continues to work as an independent consultant for the company. The prince takes a particular interest in ethics in biotechnology. In June 2009, the Grand Ducal Court announced later that October, Prince Felix would begin a bachelor's degree in bioethics at the Pontifical Athenaeum Regina Apostolorum in Rome, Italy completing it in 2013. 

In 2013, the Prince married Claire Lademacher and together they have been managing Chateau Les Crostes- a wine estate in Lorgues in France- since October of 2013. In 2016, he became the president of Lorgues Terre de Vins association, who have the goal of promoting the town as a tourist and wine destination. Also in 2016 Felix, Claire and some friends created the Young Empire company which is a clothing, furniture and homeware brand for children. 

In addition to Luxembourgish, French, German, he is fluent in English and Italian. He has basic understanding in Spanish. 

Personal Interest 

In 2003, he accepted the patronage of the sports association paratrooper "Cercle Para Luxembourg" (FAL). A fan of basketball, he a was appointed honorary of the "Federation Luxembourg Basketball" in 2005. 

Since 2016, Prince Felix chairs the Lorgues Terre de vins association, whose goal is to make their community an unmissable destination in Provence. 

Marriage and Children 

On 13 December 2012, the Grand Ducal household confirmed Prince Felix engagement to Claire Lademacher. The civil wedding took place on 17 September 2013 in Konigstein in Taunus, followed by a religious ceremony on 21 September 2013 in the Basilica of Sainte Marie-Madeleine in Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume, France. Since the wedding, the couple have been living in the south of France at the Chateau Les Crostes, a winery in Lorgues that has been owned by the Lademacher family for many years. 

Prince Felix and Princess Claire's daughter, Princess Amalia Gabriela Maria Theresa, was born on 15 June 2014 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg. A son, Prince Liam Henri Hartmut, was born at Beaulieu General Clinic in Geneva on 28 November 2016. Claire gave birth to their second son, Prince Balthasar Felix Karl of Nassau, on 7 January 2024 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg. 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Knight Grand Cross of Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

House: Luxembourg-Nassau (official) Bourbon-Parma (agnatic)

Religion: Roman Catholic
I've Been Expecting You

I've Been Expecting You is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 26 October 1998.



Notes

Sing When You're Winning

Sing When You're Winning is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 28 August 2000.


Adapted from the album's liner notes.




Islamic State – Khorasan Province

ISIS-K is a branch of the Islamic State militant group active in Asia, mostly in Afghanistan. ISIS-K's goal is to overthrow governments in the Khorasan province and form a Islamic state under Islamic law. The group formed from a merger of 137 militant groups who then went to join the Al-Nusra Front and later returned back to the Khorasan area to spread Islam and do jihad in the area.

Glutinous rice

Glutinous rice ("Oryza sativa var. glutinosa"; also called sticky rice, sweet rice or waxy rice) is a type of rice grown mainly in Southeast and East Asia, and the northeastern regions of South Asia. It has opaque grains, very low amylose content. It is especially sticky when cooked. It is widely eaten in Asia.

It is called glutinous () in the sense of being glue-like or sticky. It does not contain gluten. While often called "sticky rice", it differs from non-glutinous strains of japonica rice, which also become sticky to some degree when cooked. There are numerous cultivars of glutinous rice, which include "japonica", "indica" and "tropical japonica" strains.

Glutinous rice is grown in Laos, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, Myanmar, Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Northeast India, China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and the Philippines. About 85% of Lao rice production is of this type.

As of 2013, approximately 6,530 glutinous rice varieties were collected from five continents (Asia, South America, North America, Europe, and Africa) where glutinous rice is grown for preservation at the International Rice Genebank. The International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) has described Laos as a "collector's paradise". Laos has the largest biodiversity of sticky rice in the world. IRRI-trained collectors gathered more than 13,500 samples and 3,200 varieties from Laos.

COSAFA Cup

= COSAFA (Council of Southern Africa Football Associations) =

ZAMBIA - 2023

ZAMBIA - 2022

ETC...
Tajine

A tajine or tagine is a North African dish, named after the earthenware pot in which it is cooked. It is also called or .

The traditional tajine pottery, sometimes painted or glazed, is in two parts. There is a circular base unit that is flat with low sides and a large cone- or dome-shaped cover that sits on the base during cooking. The cover is designed to return all condensation to the bottom. That process can be improved by adding cold water into the specially designed well at the top of the lid.

Tajine is traditionally cooked over hot charcoal leaving an adequate space between the coals and the tajine pot to avoid having the temperature rise too quickly. Large bricks of charcoal are used, because they stay hot for hours. It can be cooked in a slow oven or on a gas or electric stove top, on the lowest heat necessary to keep the stew simmering gently. A diffuser, a circular utensil is placed between the tajine and the flame. That distributes the stove's heat evenly. European manufacturers have created tajines with heavy cast-iron bottoms. They can be heated on a cooking stove to a high temperature for browning the meat and vegetables before cooking.

Tajine cooking may be done using a slow cooker. Many ceramic tajines are decorative items as well as functional cooking vessels. Some tajines, however, are intended only to be used as decorative serving dishes.

Jamiyah

Jamiyah means gathering in the Arabic language. It is also used to refer to the book Al-Jami'a or used to refer to a masjid. It is also used to refer to the western style university while madrasa is used to refer to a Islamic style university.

Monogram

A Monogram is a style of design created by combining and overlapping two or more letters to form one single symbol.
Eternal Sunshine

Eternal Sunshine is the seventh studio album by American singer-actress Ariana Grande. It was released March 8, 2024, through Republic Records. Grande, a big fan of Canadian actor Jim Carrey, referenced his film "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" (2004) with the album's title.

On March 17, 2024, "Billboard" announced that "Eternal Sunshine" debuted atop the" Billboard "200 with 227,000 units streamed/sold, the highest first-week sales of 2024 so far. It became Grande's sixth US number-one album.

The lead single, "Yes, And?", was released January 12, 2024. It entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number one, becoming Grande's eighth US number-one hit. It is a house and dance-pop song, and the video references Paula Abdul's music video for "Cold Hearted" (1989).

The second single, "We Can't Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)" was released with the album on March 8, 2024. It is a synth-pop and electropop song, and the video references "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind". Like "Yes, And?", "We Can't Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)" also entered at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Grande's ninth US number-one song. It also marks a chart double, with Grande having the number-one album and song in the same week, her first since "Thank U, Next" and "7 Rings" in 2019.

Méchoui

Méchoui or Meshwi is a whole sheep or lamb spit-roasted on a barbecue in Maghrebi cooking. The word comes from the Arabic word "šawā" (, "grilling, roasting"). This dish is very popular in North Africa.

In Algeria and Morocco, the term "méchoui" "refers to the method of cooking a lamb or a sheep cooked whole on the spit".

In Tunisia, however, it means any piece of meat or fish grilled over a fire.

All the internal organs of the lamb are removed from the body apart from the kidneys. The body is stitched up after being sprinkled with spices, particularly ras el hanout. The lamb is skewered on a tree branch and cooked next to a wood fire. It is rotated slowly and evenly so as to ensure evenly distributed cooking.

The prepared lamb is not placed directly above the fire. Melting fat could catch fire. The cooking is started gently, so that the interior cooks almost at the same time as the outside. During cooking, the meat is brushed with melted butter or oil, to make it crispy. Gradually, the lamb is brought close to the hot fire, so that the flesh takes on an amber color. The cooking time varies according to the weight of the animal, typically about a quarter of an hour per kilogram.

Méchoui is a dish served at the beginning of the meal, as part of a feast or "diffa". With the fingers of the right hand, the host takes pieces of grilled meat and offers them to guests. Traditionally, no cutlery is used to serve a mechoui, because, due to the slow cooking, the meat should be able to detach without any effort.

The nomadic populations, in addition to their main herd often composed of several thousand sheep, raise a small number of male lambs specifically for mechoui, feeding them with "cheih", a species of wild mugwort which gives the lamb a distinctive character.

Dew Drop Diaries

Dew Drop Diaries is an animated preschool television series originally produced as a pilot episode in April 2014, and was released as an television series in December 2015. It is produced by The K Entertainment Company for DreamWorks Animation Television, produced in collaboration with TeamTO.
Prince Louis of Luxembourg

Prince Louis of Luxembourg, Prince of Bourbon-Parma and Prince of Nassau (Louis Xavier Marie Guillaume; born 3 August 1986) is the third son of Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg.

Louis has two elder siblings, Guillaume and Felix; and two younger siblings Alexandra and Sebastien. He was married to Tessy Antony, a former NCO in the Luxembourg Arm, whom he divorced in 2019. 

Early Life and Education 

After spending two years in the United States, where Louis underwent training in "Aeronautics and Aeronautical Management" and gained his <nowiki>"</nowiki> Private pilot certificate," the princely family moved to the United Kingdom. There, he and Princess Tessy attended university. In May 2014, he graduated from Richmond, The American International University in London with a BA degree in Art in Communications. He wrote his undergraduate dissertation on humanitarian advertisement. He then continued his study at Birkbeck College in London and obtained an MA degree in Psychosocial Studies in 2017.

At the International Forum on Learning Disabilities, held on 30 January 2016 in Luxembourg, Louis spoke for the first time in public about his struggle with dyslexia. He was diagnosed at the age of 10. He said of his learning difficulty, "I did not understand what was happening. I was constantly forced to try to achieve the same levels as others. That takes a lot of time and leaves you frustrated because you can't do it." He also said that he used sports, especially rugby, as an outlet for his frustration. Prince Louis lives in Paris and works as a consultant for Laurent Meeschaert Conseil. 

Marriage and Family 

On 12 March 2006, Tessy Antony gave birth to a boy, named Gabriel Michael Ronny de Nassa, who was born at a private Swiss hospital, Clinic des Grangettes, in Geneva. Their son was the first grandchild of Grand Duke Henri and Grand Duchess Maria Teresa. 

Louis married Antony on 29 September 2006 in Gilsdorf's Roman Catholic parish church. Upon his initially morganatic marriage, he gave up his succession rights and those of all the couple's children. Although he retained his title of "Prince of Luxembourg" and the style of "Royal Highness," his wife and son were originally only given the surname de Nassau with no titles. 

The couple's second son, Noah Etienne Guillaume Gabriel Matthias Xavier de Nassau, was born on 21 September 2007 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital. The baby was baptized at the same church in Gilsdorf where his parents married and his elder brother was baptized. 

On Luxembourg's National Day on 23 June 2009, Tessy was given the title of "Princess of Luxembourg" and the style "Royal Highness." Their sons and future children were also given the title "Prince of Nassau" with the style "Royal Highness." The family lived in London. 

The Grand Ducal Court announced the separation of Louis and Tessy on 18 January 2017. Divorce proceedings began in the United Kingdom, where the couple lived. The divorce was finalized on 4 April 2019. 

On 6 April 2021, the Grand Ducal Court announced the engagement of Prince Louis to Scarlett-Lauren Sirgue (born on 8 August 1991 in Bordeaux). She is the daughter of Pierre Sirgue, a lawyer and former member of the French National Assembly for National Front ( a far-right political party), and Scarlett Berrebi, a lawyer. On 22 February 2022, it was announced that Prince Louis and Scarlett-Lauren had called off the engagement. 

Patronage 

Louis is a patron of the Luxembourg Federation of Table Tennis (since 2004), the Martial Arts Federation (since 2010), and the Luxembourg Aeronautical Federation (since 2011) 

Title

3 August 1986 His Royal Highness Prince Louis of Luxembourg, Prince Bourbon-Parma and Prince of Nassau 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Grand Cross of Order Adolphe of Nassau 

House: Luxembourg-Nassau (official) Bourbon-Parma (agnatic)

Religion: Roman Catholic
Think I Need It Too

"Think I Need It Too" is a 2009 song by Echo & the Bunnymen and is the leading single from their 11st studio album "The Fountain". It did not chart at all in the United Kingdom of in Scotland.


Police duty belt

A police duty belt is a belt, typically made of nylon or leather used by police, prison and security officers to carry equipment easily in a series of pouches attached to the belt. The equipment that an officer can carry on his belt varies by country, but generally consists of gun, handcuffs, baton, flashlight, pepper spray, taser, gloves or magazines for the gun.

The first police belts began to be used at the beginning of the 20th century.
Fajr 3

The Fajr 3 is a Iranian missile and it is a modification of the North Korean M 1985. It was created in the 1990s and has been given to Hizbullah and Hamas' military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.

Mandinka (song)

"Mandinka" is a 1987 song by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor and is the second single from her debut studio album "The Lion and the Cobra". It went to number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in New Zealand, number 6 in Ireland, number 39 in Australia, number 33 in Canada and number 24 in the Netherlands.

12P/Pons-Brooks

12P/Pons-Brooks is a comet.

In [some] languages it is known as a Devil's comet.

Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are

"Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are" is a 1994 song by Meat Loaf and is the third single from his sixth studio album "". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and Canada, number 69 in Scotland, number 38 in the United States, number 32 in New Zealand, number 20 in Iceland and number 52 in Australia. The music video was directed by Michael Bay. It is the non-bracketed single to have 52 characters in the song title. 

Friends (Elton John song)

"Friends" is a 1971 song by Elton John and is the title track to the 1971 movie "Friends". It was included on the soundtrack album. It went to number 34 in the United States, number 13 in Canada, number 19 in New Zealand, number 96 in Australia, number 12 in France and number 5 in Italy.

National symbols of Zimbabwe

The National symbols of the Republic of Zimbabwe are the symbols that are used to represent the Zimbabwean people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Bateleur

The Bateleur ("Terathopius ecaudatus") is a medium-sized eagle in the family Accipitridae. It is often considered a relative of the snake eagles and, like them, it is classified within the subfamily Circaetinae. It is the only member of the genus "Terathopius" and may be the origin of the "Zimbabwe Bird", the national emblem of Zimbabwe.

Katherine Oppenheimer

Katherine Vissering "Kitty" Oppenheimer ( Puening; August 8, 1910 – October 27, 1972) was a German American biologist and botanist. She was a member of the Communist Party of America until leaving in the 1930s. She was known for being married to J. Robert Oppenheimer, the director of the Manhattan Project's Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II.

Oppenheimer died on October 27, 1972 while traveling in Panama City, Panama from a pulmonary embolism, aged 62.

She was played by Emily Blunt in Christopher Nolan's 2023 movie "Oppenheimer".

Inah Canabarro Lucas

Inah Canabarro Lucas (also known as Sister Inah; born 8 June 1908) is a Brazilian nun and supercentenarian. She has been the world's oldest living nun since the death of Lucile Randon on 17 January 2023.

Fluorescein

Fluorescein is an organic compound and dye. It is based on xanthene and belongs to triarylmethine dye family. 

It is available as a dark orange/red powder and used in water and alcohol. It is widely used as a fluorescent tracer. The color of its solutions is green by reflection and orange by transmission. 

Birotron

The Birotron is a musical instrument, which was invented, developed, and manufactured in the 1970s, but never entered commercial production or release for sale. It's related to the Mellotron and Chamberlin tape replay keyboards except that it uses endless tape loops in an 8 track tape format, unlike the pulley tape strips in a Mellotron or Chamberlin. It was invented by Dave Biro and financed by Rick Wakeman (of the band Yes) and Rudkin -Wiley Corp (under Pepperidge Farm Foods / Campbell Soup and Air Shield Ltd). 

The Birotron was advertised in trade magazines and discussed in newspaper articles and over 1000 pre-orders (totalling over a million dollars in sales) flooded in from most of the popular bands and charting musicians of that time. John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Elton John, Vangelis, The Beach Boys, Led Zeppelin, Tangerine Dream, Klaus Schulze, Chicago, Uriah Heep, Roger Whittaker, The Faces, Yes, Larry Fast (Synergy), Rod Stewart, Emerson Lake and Palmer, Gary Wright, Captain and Tennille, Dudley Moore, and Patrick Moraz were some of the musicians who placed orders, but only 3 bands ever received a Birotron through an in-person visit to Peter Robinson, the owner and CEO of the manufacturing company 'Birotronics Ltd'. These were Yes (with Rick Wakeman), Tangerine Dream, and Klaus Schulze (with Earthstar).

Manufacturing difficulties arose during the pre-production phase which became time consuming and expensive to solve properly. As a result, the Birotron was held back and delayed until all the problems were solved. The drawback from this delay was that Birotronics' proposed release of the Birotron in the late 1970's would coincide with the release of newer digital keyboards like the Fairlight CMI system. It was thought that digital keyboard technology would render the Birotron and its dependence on 8 track tape technology immediately obsolete. Manufacturing expenses and competition from string synthesizers would also result in a low profit margin. Consequently, funding and manufacture ceased with Birotronics disposing of all of the Birotron B-90 prototype instruments and the parts to make them. The parts were produced by companies which were the only companies in the world able to make such specific customized parts. 
The copies sold to Rick Wakeman, Tangerine Dream, and Klaus Schulze became the only proof the instrument was ever actually manufactured. Rudkin-Wiley Corporation attempted to manufacture a 1980's version of the Birotron called the Birotron Polyvox that included digital technology and 8 track tape technology but the venture never got passed the design mockup stage.

Today the Birotron is classed by musicologists as the world's rarest manufactured instrument because of its brief appearance on albums, tours, and a hit single, and then its sudden total disappearance from the music industry. Both Rick Wakeman and the Times of London reported a Birotron being privately sold for somewhere between 35,000 and 45,000 pounds in the 1990's at a time when related keyboards like it sold for mere hundreds of dollars. 

Because the bands that used the Birotron recorded it into soundscapes, it is not known for certain what its actual isolated sound, sounds like. No representative Birotron sounds have ever existed in sample software because replacement 8 track tapes for the instrument were never issued to the few bands that used one. 

Today only two working Birotrons (with non-playable, incomplete tape sets) have been proven to exist.

Mario Prada

Mario Prada was born in the Kingdom of Italy in Milan and later passed away in 1958 in Italy. He was renowned as the founder and original designer of the iconic fashion label Prada. Established in 1913, Prada became synonymous with high fashion, offering a range of luxury goods for both men and women, such as shoes, handbags, luggage, and leather items. Notably, Mario Prada is also the grandfather of Miuccia Prada, who later became a prominent figure in the fashion world herself.
Static web page

A static web page is a type of web page that is pre-made and does not change, unless someone updates the code or content of the page manually. This means that when you visit a static web page, you will always see the same thing, assuming nothing has been changed on the server where the page is hosted.

Static web pages are made up of fixed content that is written in basic computer languages such as HTML (HyperText Markup Language) and CSS (Cascading Style Sheets). These languages allow designers to create the layout, structure, and appearance of the page. JavaScript can also be used to add interactive features, but overall, static web pages have limited functionality compared to dynamic web pages.



In summary, while static web pages offer some benefits, particularly around speed, simplicity, and security, they lack the flexibility and advanced capabilities found in modern dynamic websites. However, they remain an appropriate choice for simple sites with minimal needs.
Kannadigas

Kannadigas are ethinic group speaking Kannada language native to the Indian state of Karnataka.

Thieboudienne

Tiep or thieb is a traditional dish from Senegambia. It is also eaten in Guinea Bissau, Guinea, Mali and Mauritania. It is the national dish in Senegal. The version of tiep called thieboudienne or chebu jen is prepared with fish, broken rice and tomato sauce cooked in one pot. There are also tiep yappa (with meat) and tiep ganaar (with chicken). Other ingredients often include onions, carrots, cabbage, cassava, hot pepper, lime and peanut oil, and stock cubes.

Tiep is thought to have come from Saint-Louis, in the nineteenth century. The name of the dish comes from Wolof words meaning 'rice' () and 'fish' (). In Pulaar it is known as ('rice and fish'). It is served on large trays with the rice on the bottom and the fish, usually white grouper ("Epinephelus aeneus"), and the vegetables, many of them whole, in the center. 

Traditionally it is eaten in a large shared dish with the hand. It is also the symbol of Senegalese "terranga" (hospitality). Family, visiting friends and guests gather around a single dish (called a "bolus") from which everyone eats using a spoon ("couddou Pulaar") or a piece of bread.


Smrithir Dhrubatara

Smrithir Dhrubatara (in Bengali: স্মৃতির ধ্রুবতারা) is a Bengali poem about Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. This poem is a celebrated poem in Bangladesh, which became popular after published in Prothom Alo in 2022. 

Journal of Political Ideologies

The Journal of Political Ideologies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering political ideologies. It publishes three times a year. It was established by Michael Freeden and first published in 1996. The journal is included in .

Escapology (album)

Escapology is the fifth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 18 November 2002.


National symbols of Uruguay

The State symbols of the Eastern Republic of Uruguay are the symbols that are used to represent the Uruguayan people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


Intensive Care (album)

Intensive Care is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 24 October 2005.



Rudebox

Rudebox is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 23 October 2006.

Notes


National symbols of Yemen

The National symbols of the Muslim-Majority Republic of Yemen are the symbols that are used to represent the Yemeni peoples proper and abroad to represent the country and its people's.


Reality Killed the Video Star

Reality Killed the Video Star is the eighth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 9 November 2009.
All tracks produced by Trevor Horn. Additional production on "Do You Mind" by Stephen Hague.

Notes

Performers on the album include:



Take the Crown

Take the Crown is the ninth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 5 November 2012.

All production done by Jacknife Lee.

National symbols of Turkmenistan

The National symbols of the Muslim-Majority of Turkmenistan are the symbols that are used to represent the Turkmen people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


Kurixalus chaseni

The frilled tree frog or Malay frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus chaseni") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Indonesia, and Thailand. People have seen it between 0 and 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and forests that have been cut down and have had a long time to grow back. This frog lives in swamps with water that does not move. Scientists think that this frog can live in places that have been changed. People have seen this frog next to roads.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, human beings cut down the forests where it lives to build farms for palm oil. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Swings Both Ways

Swings Both Ways is the tenth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 18 November 2013.

All tracks produced by Guy Chambers, with the exception of "Wedding Bells" which was produced by Steve Power.

The Heavy Entertainment Show

The Heavy Entertainment Show is the eleventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 4 November 2016.

Notes

!scope="row"|Worldwide (IFPI)

The Christmas Present

The Christmas Present is the twelfth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 22 November 2019.

Paratha

Paratha (, also parantha) is a flatbread from the Indian subcontinent. It was mentioned in early medieval Sanskrit, India. It is common in India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Maldives, Afghanistan, Myanmar, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Mauritius, Fiji, Guyana, Suriname, and Trinidad and Tobago where wheat is the traditional staple. It is one of the most popular flatbreads in the Indian subcontinent and the Middle East. 

"Paratha" is an amalgamation of the words "parat" and "atta", which literally means layers of cooked dough. Alternative spellings and names include "parantha", "parauntha", "prontha", "parontay", "paronthi" (Punjabi), "porota" (in Bengali), "paratha" (in Odia,Urdu, Hindi), "palata" (; in Myanmar), "porotha" (in Assamese), "forota" (in Sylheti), "farata" (in Mauritius and the Maldives), "prata" (in Southeast Asia), "paratha", "buss-up shut", "oil roti" (in the Anglophone Caribbean) and "roti canai" in Malaysia and Indonesia.

DAU’IA

DAU'IA is the association dedicated to artificial intelligence at the University of Paris Dauphine-PSL .

The association was founded in September 2023 , after the emergence of Dauphine Numérique's Ex Machina podcast in 2021 and Dauphine Digital Days.

In 2024, the association organized with the AI start-up InstaDeep, a meeting with students from Paris Dauphine-PSL University.

Momo (food)

Momos are a type of steamed filled dumpling in Tibet, Nepal, Bhutan and India. Momos are usually served with a sauce known as achar with spices and herbs. It can also be cooked as soup versions known as jhol momo where the broth is made from achar using a mixture of tomatoes, sesame seeds, chillies, cumin and coriander or mokthuk from boiling pork or buffalo bones mixed with various herbs and vegetables.

A simple white-flour-and-water dough is used to make the outer covering of momos. Sometimes, a little yeast or baking soda is added to give a more doughy texture to the finished product.

Traditionally, momos were made with ground/minced meat, potatoes, and leek filling. Momos are now made with virtually any combination of ground meat, vegetables, tofu, mushrooms, paneer, soft chhurpi (local hard cheese) and vegetable and meat combinations.


The dough is rolled into small circular flat pieces. The filling is enclosed in the circular dough cover either in a round pocket or a half-moon or crescent shape. People prefer meat with a lot of fat because it produces flavourful, juicy momos. A little oil is sometimes added to the lean ground/minced meat to keep the filling moist and juicy. The dumplings are then cooked by steaming over a soup (either a stock based on bones or vegetables) in a momo-making utensil called "mucktoo". Momos may also be pan-fried or deep-fried after being steamed.

National symbols of the Solomon Islands

The National symbols of the Solomon Islands are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Solomon Islander people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Paneer

Paneer (), also known as panir (), is a fresh acid-set cheese common in the Indian subcontinent. It is made from full-fat buffalo milk or cow milk. It is a non-aged, non-melting soft cheese made by curdling milk with a fruit- or vegetable-derived acid, such as lemon juice.
Paneer is prepared by adding food acid, such as lemon juice, vinegar, citric acid or dahi (yogurt), to hot milk to separate the curds from the whey. The curds are drained in muslin or cheesecloth and the excess water is pressed out. The paneer is then dipped in chilled water for 2–3 hours to improve its texture and appearance. What happens next varies.

In North Indian cuisines, the curds are wrapped in cloth, placed under a heavy weight such as a stone slab for two to three hours, and then cut into cubes for use in curries. Pressing for a shorter time (approximately 20 minutes) results in a softer, fluffier cheese.

In Bengali, Odia and other East Indian cuisines, it is beaten or kneaded by hand into a dough-like consistency, heavily salted and hardened to produce paneer (called "ponir"), which is typically eaten in slices at teatime with biscuits or various types of bread, deep-fried in a light batter or used in cooking.

In the area surrounding the city of Surat in Gujarat, "surti paneer" is made by draining the curds and ripening them in whey for 12 to 36 hours.

Paneer is the most common type of cheese used in the Indian subcontinent. It is sometimes wrapped in dough and deep-fried or served with either spinach (palak paneer) or peas (mattar paneer). Paneer dishes can be sweet, like shahi paneer, or spicy/hot, like chilli paneer.

Robbie Williams videography

English singer Robbie Williams has released nine video albums and has been in fifty-six music videos and a few films.



List of awards and nominations received by Robbie Williams

English pop singer Robbie Williams has won several awards throughout his solo career, including:


The Brit Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual popular music awards.

Delivered since 1991, the "GAFFA" Awards are a Danish award that rewards popular music by the magazine of the same name. Williams has received one award out of seven nominations.

The "GQ" is an international monthly men's magazine based in New York City and founded in 1931.

The Grammy Award is an award presented by The Recording Academy to recognize achievement in the mainly English-language music industry.

The Italian Music Awards were an accolade established in 2001 by the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana to recognize the achievements in the Italian music industry both by domestic and international artists.

The Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica was the Latin America version of the MTV Video Music Award.

The Mercury Prize is an annual music prize awarded for the best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland.

The MTV Asia Awards is the Asian equivalent of the MTV Europe Music Award.

The MTV Europe Music Award is an award presented by Viacom International Media Networks Europe to honor artists and music in popular culture.

The MTV Video Music Award is an award presented by the cable channel MTV to honor the best in the music video medium.

The "NME" Awards are annual music awards show founded by the music magazine "NME". 

The "Pollstar" Concert Industry Awards aim to reward the best in the business of shows and concerts. 
The Popjustice £20 Music Prize, also known as the Popjustice Twenty Quid Prize, is an annual prize awarded by music website Popjustice to recognise the best British pop single of the previous year. The prize was conceived by Popjustice founder Peter Robinson in 2003 as a reaction to what he perceived as the pompous and elitist nature of the existing Mercury Prize, which recognises the best album of the previous year, and in particular its exclusion of pop music acts in favour of those from more esoteric genres. The shortlist for the Popjustice prize is announced in September of each year and the winner named the following month, to coincide with the presentation of the Mercury Prize. Popjustice gives a token prize of £20 to the winner of its award, in contrast to the £20,000 given to the winner of the Mercury Prize.
The UK Music Video Awards is an annual award ceremony founded in 2008 to recognise creativity, technical excellence and innovation in music videos and moving images for music. 
 "Zvukovaya Dorozhka" (, "sound track") is Russia's oldest hit parade in field of popular music. Since 2003 it is presented in a ceremony in concert halls. It's considered one of the major Russian music awards.

!Ref.




















The Ego Has Landed

The Ego Has Landed is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams. After his success around the world, especially in Europe, The album was released in May 1999 in the United States and Canada, and later released worldwide. All tracks were previously released on Williams' first two albums, "Life thru a Lens" (1997) and "I've Been Expecting You" (1998).

Tracks 1, 5, 7, 9, 10, and 14 are from "Life thru a Lens" (1997).<br> 
Tracks 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 11, 12, and 13 are from "I've Been Expecting You" (1998).

"One of God's Better People" runs 3:36. After 10 minutes of silence, Williams recites a poem called "Hello Sir", addressed to a teacher who berated him for wanting to become a pop singer. This previously appeared as a hidden track on "Life thru a Lens".

Thali

Thali (meaning "plate" or "tray") or Bhojanam (meaning "full meal") is a round platter used to serve food in South Asia, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean. Thali also means an Indian-style meal made up of a selection of various dishes which are served on a platter. 

"Thali" refers to the metal plate that a thali meal may be served on, while "Bhojanam" refers to full meals. Thali is a popular method of serving meals in South Asia. The idea behind a thali is to offer different flavours on one single plate. According to Indian food custom, a proper meal should be a perfect balance of six flavours. Restaurants typically offer a choice of vegetarian or meat-based thalis. Vegetarian bhojanams are very typical and commonplace in Tamil Nadu canteens

Dishes served in a thali vary from region to region in the Indian subcontinent and are usually served in small bowls, called "katori" in India. These katoris are placed along the edge of the round tray, the actual thali. Sometimes a steel tray with multiple compartments is used. Typical dishes include rice, dal, vegetables, roti, papad, yogurt, small amounts of chutney or pickle, and a sweet dish. Rice or roti is the usual main dish that occupies the central portion of the thali. Side dishes like vegetable curries are lined circularly along the round thali. The thali has food from the region. In general, a thali begins with different types of breads such as puris or chapatis (rotis) and different vegetarian specialities (curries). In South India and Southeast Asia, rice is the only staple served with bhojanams. Thalis or Bhojanams are sometimes referred to by the regional characteristic of the dishes they contain. For example, one may encounter Andhra bhojanam, Nepalese thali, Rajasthani thali, Gujarati thali, Maharashtrian thali, Manipuri chakluk, Tamil unavu and Thai unavu. In many parts of South Asia, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean, the bread and the rice portions are not served together in the thali. Typically, the bread is offered first with rice being served afterwards, often in a separate bowl or dish.

Jimmy Two-Shoes

Jimmy Two-Shoes (also known as Jimmy Cool in most parts of Europe) is a Canadian animated children's television series produced by Breakthrough Entertainment, Mercury Filmworks and Elliott Animation that aired on Disney XD in the United States and Teletoon in Canada. The series centers on the exploits of the happy-go-lucky title character, who lives in Miseryville, a miserable town filled with monsters and demon-like creatures. The series was created by Edward Kay and Sean Scott.
Benedikt Kautsky

Benedikt Kautsky, an Austrian Jew and prominent Socialist, spent most of the Third Reich in concentration camps. In his 1946 memoirs, he described the great difficulty of mutual assistance among prisoners.

Everybody who was old, weak, or sick was condemned to death. There was little possibility of helping anyone. If I give something to someone I will be taking it away from somebody else. If I give something to someone who’s weak then I’ll keep him alive for longer, but in the end I won’t be able to save him. At the same time, I will be taking it away from a strong person and in doing so will be weakening him, so that he too will become weak and sick. The upshot is that I shall be harming both of them.

Source: B. Kautsky, Teufel und Verdammte (Zurich, 1946), p. 165

Translation: Lesley Sharpe and Jeremy Noakes
Highways in Colombia

Colombian highways connect most of Colombia except the Amazon part due to geography challenges. The system is made up of the Primary Network, which is under the responsibility of the country, the Secondary Network, under the responsibillity of the departments, and the Teritary Network, under the responsibillity of the municipalities.
Greatest Hits (Robbie Williams album)

Greatest Hits is a hits compilation released by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams on 18 October 2004. The album has two new songs, "Radio" and "Misunderstood", which were both released as singles.

The Best So Far is an updated version of "Greatest Hits", released only in Brazil to celebrate Robbie's "Close Encounters" tour. Even with "Greatest Hits" being released in Brazil, "The Best So Far" updates the track listing, adding "Sin Sin Sin", "Advertising Space" and "Tripping", but removing songs such as "Old Before I Die", "Lazy Days" and "She's the One".


Songbook (Robbie Williams album)

Songbook is a compilation album by English pop singer Robbie Williams. It was given away for free inside the "Mail on Sunday" on 11 October 2009. The one-off, limited-edition album includes some of his biggest songs, rare live performances, and images and video clips from his 2009 album, "Reality Killed the Video Star".


Dal

In Indian cuisine, dal (also spelled daal or dhal in English; pronunciation: , are dried, split lentils, peas, and beans that do not require soaking before cooking. India is the largest producer of them in the world. The term is also used for soups prepared from these pulses. They are among the most important staple foods in South Asian countries

The most common way of preparing dal is in the form of a soup to which onions, tomatoes and various spices may be added. The outer husk may or may not be stripped off. Almost all types of dal come in three forms: (1) unhulled or "sabut" (meaning whole in Hindi), e.g., "sabut urad dal" or "mung sabut"; (2) split with hull left on the split halves is described as "chilka" (which means shell in Hindi), e.g. "chilka urad dal", "mung dal chilka"; (3) split and hulled or "dhuli" (meaning washed), e.g., "urad dhuli" or "mung dhuli" in Hindi.

Dal is frequently eaten with flatbreads such as "rotis" or "chapatis," or with rice. Some types of dal are fried and salted and eaten as a dry snack. Savory snacks are made by frying a paste made from soaked and ground dals in different combinations, to which other ingredients such as spices and nuts (commonly cashews) may be added.



In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010

In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010 is the second greatest hits compilation album by the English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams, after his first greatest hits compilation, "Greatest Hits", which was released in 2004. The album, which features 39 songs, was released in October 2010.

"In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010" is available in several formats: a two CD standard edition, a three CD deluxe edition with rarities and B-sides, a DVD edition which includes the music videos of the standard edition and an "ultimate edition" which includes all three CDs, the two DVDs and a bonus third DVD with a live recording of Williams' concert at the Velodrom, Berlin in 2005.

Credits for "In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010" adapted from Allmusic.

Victoria Williams

Victoria Williams (born 28 March 1968) is a British female barebow archer. She won the bronze medal at the 2014 World Field Archery Championships in the women's team event. She was Barebow 50+ Women champion.

She was a coach for team Great Britain.

Her review appeared in Barebow International.

Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg

Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg (Alexandra Josephine Teresa Charlotte Marie Wilhelmine; born 16 February 1991) is the fourth child and only daughter of Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg. 

Alexandra is also "Princess of Nassau" and Princess of "Bourbon-Parma."

Early Life and Background 

Princess Alexandra was born at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg. She was raised in the Luxembourg countryside at Fischbach Castle, and later at Berg Castle, where her family moved upon her father's ascent to the Luxembourg throne.

Through her father, she is directly linked and related to many European royal family, which include; Belgium, The Netherlands, Sweden, Austria, Liechtenstein, Portugal, and Spain. Her paternal great-grandfather was King Leopold III of Belgium, her great-grandmother was Princess Astrid of Sweden and the current King Philippe of Belgium is her second cousin. 

Her paternal aunts are Archduchess Marie Astrid of Austria and Princess Margaretha of Liechtenstein. Her godparents are Archduchess Maria-Anna of Austria and Prince Michel of Ligne.

Her siblings are: Hereditary Grand Duke of Guillaume, Prince Felix, Prince Louis and Prince Sebastien. She is sixth in line of succession to the throne. 

Education and Interests 

She attended private schools in Luxembourg, primary school at the Angelsberg School and her secondary education at the Lycee Vauban. She received her baccalaureate with honors in Literature. 

Alexandra pursued her university studies abroad in the United States at the private Catholic Franciscan University of Steubenville. After studying psychology and social sciences in the United States, she went on to continue her studies in Paris where she received a bachelor's degree in philosophy, with concentrations in ethics and anthropology. As of 2017, she holds a master's degree in inter-religious studies from the Irish School of Ecumenics with a specialization in Conflict Resolution. 

Titles and Styles 

16 February 1991-22 April 2023 Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma

22 April 2023-present Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma, Mrs. Bagory

Honors 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

Foreign Honors 

-Japan: Member 2nd Class (Peony) of the Order of the Precious Crown 

House: Luxembourg-Nassau (official) Bourbon-Parma (agnatic)

Religion: Roman Catholic
Callaloo

Callaloo (); is a plant used in popular dishes in many Caribbean countries. In some Caribbean countries, a stew made with the plant is called callaloo. In Trinidad and Tobago and Grenada, the dish itself is called callaloo, and uses taro leaves (known by many local names such as 'dasheen bush', 'callaloo bush', or 'bush') or "Xanthosoma" leaves (known by many names, including "cocoyam" and "tannia").

Callaloo in eastern Caribbean countries is generally made with okra and dasheen or water spinach "Ipomoea aquatica". There are many sorts of callaloo which may include coconut milk, crab, conch, Caribbean lobster, meats, pumpkin, chili peppers, and other seasonings such as chopped onions and garlic. The ingredients are added and cooked gently to a somewhat stew-like consistency. When done, callaloo is dark green in colour and is served as a side dish which may be used as a gravy for other food.

In Guyana it is made in various ways without okra.

In Jamaica, callaloo is often combined with saltfish or other meats, and is usually seasoned with garlic, carrots, local powdered seasoning, tomatoes, salt, scotch bonnet peppers, onions, scallions, thyme, sweet pepper and pimento. It is often eaten as a side dish with a full course meal, or as either breakfast or dinner with roasted breadfruit, boiled green bananas and dumplings, or bread. It is even added to Jamaican patties, called vegetable/vegie/vagan patties, seasoned rice, as well as Fritters

In Grenada, callaloo is steamed with garlic, onion and coconut milk and often eaten as a side dish. Grenadians also stir or blend the mixture until it has a smooth consistent texture. Callaloo soup of callaloo, okra (optional), dumplings, ground provision like yam, potato (sweet and "Irish") chicken and beef is traditionally eaten on Saturdays. It is also one of the most important ingredients in oil down, the island's national dish of steamed breadfruit, callaloo, dumplings, ground provision, carrot and several varieties of meat—salt fish, chicken, and pork. All of this is steamed in coconut milk and saffron powder.

In the Virgin Islands, callaloo is served with a dish of fungee on the side.

In Guadeloupe, "calalou au crabe" (crab callaloo) is a traditional Easter dish.

In St. Lucia, crab callaloo is also popular especially as part of the country's Creole day celebrations.

Martinique and Guadeloupe also have a variety served with Creole rice and salt cod salad.

A similar variation is the recipe called "laing" is popular in the Philippines, mainly the Bicol region.

Jerk (cooking)

Jerk is a style of cooking in Jamaica. Meat is rubbed or marinated with a hot spice mixture called Jamaican jerk spice.

This came from the indigenous peoples in Jamaica from the Arawak and Taíno tribes. The descendants of 17th century Jamaican Maroons who intermingled with them carried it on.

The smoky taste of jerked meat is achieved using various cooking methods, including modern wood-burning ovens. The meat is normally chicken or pork. The spicy jerk marinade sauce is made with allspice and Scotch bonnet peppers. Jerk cooking is popular in Caribbean and West Indian diaspora communities throughout North America, Canada and the United Kingdom.

The cooking technique of jerking, as well as the results it produces, has evolved over time from using pit fires to grilling over coals in old oil barrel halves. Around the 1960s, Caribbean entrepreneurs seeking an easier, more portable method of jerking cut oil barrels lengthwise, added holes for ventilation and hinged lids to capture the smoke. These barrels are fired with charcoal; other jerking methods include wood-burning ovens.

Street-side "jerk stands" or "jerk centres" are found in Jamaica and the nearby Cayman Islands, as well as throughout the Caribbean diaspora. Jerked meat can be bought with hard dough bread, deep fried "cassava bammy" (flatbread, usually with fish), Jamaican fried dumplings (known as "Johnnycake" or "journey cakes"), and festival, a variation of sweet flavored fried dumplings made with sugar and served as a side.

Jerk seasoning principally consists of allspice and Scotch bonnet peppers. Other ingredients may include cloves, cinnamon, scallions, nutmeg, thyme, garlic, brown sugar, ginger, soy sauce, vinegar, and salt.

Jerk seasoning was originally used on chicken and pork, but in modern recipes it is used with other ingredients including fish, shrimp, shellfish, beef, sausage, lamb, goat, tofu, and vegetables.

Zohra Drif

Zohra Drif was born in 28 of December 1934, in Tiaret, Algeria. Zohra Drif is considered a national hero for Algeria's liberation. She studied Law at the University of Algiers.

In 1956, she joined the activist network, where she met other female bombers of the network and participated in various attacks. These female urban bombers of the National Liberation Front (FLN) of Algeria are also referred to as Fidaiyat. A big number of the attacks she participated in were great operations that attracted international attention. This was very important for the liberation movement and its development.

She was imprisoned for five years, by the French, for terrorism. But in 1962, with Algeria's independence she was free. Drif was elected to the country's first National Constituent Assembly. She also established an organization to support young orphans. She worked as a criminal lawyer in Algiers. Drif was a senator in Algeria's Council of the Nation from 2001 to 2016, but she also was the senate vice president from 2003 and after.

Under the Radar Volume 1

Under the Radar Volume 1 is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, comprising demos, B-sides and rarities. It was released through Williams' website on 1 December 2014.

On 11 July 2017, Williams announced that the follow-up to the album, "Under the Radar Volume 2", would be released in November 2017 and was available to pre-order from his official website.

Under the Radar Volume 2

Under the Radar Volume 2 is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, The album has demos and B-sides. It was released through Williams' website on 30 November 2017.

On 11 July 2017, Williams had announced that the follow-up to his 2014 album, "Under the Radar Volume 2", would be released in November of that year and was available to pre-order from his official website.

Under the Radar Volume 3

Under the Radar Volume 3 is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, It has demos and B-sides. It was released through Williams' website on 14 February 2019.

On 28 November 2018 Williams had announced that his next album, "Under the Radar Volume 3", would be released in early 2019 and was available to pre-order from his official website.

XXV (Robbie Williams album)

XXV is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, released through Columbia Records on 9 September 2022. The album marks the 25th anniversary of Williams's solo career, and contains re-recorded and orchestrated versions of songs from his career.

The "XXV" version of "Angels" was released as the lead single, followed by the double single "Eternity/The Road to Mandalay" and the new song "Lost" as the third single.

The deluxe edition of the album adds 10 tracks, including four more original songs—"Disco Symphony", "More Than This", "Home Thoughts from Abroad" and "The World and Her Mother".

All tracks are subtitled "XXV".

National symbols of Trinidad and Tobago

The State symbols of the Independent of Republic of Trinidad and Tobago are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Trinbagonian people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


Pauline Jannault-Lo

Pauline Jannault-Lo , (born 13 January 1987 Ermont), is a French basketball player playing as an outside hitter.

She competed at the 2010 FIBA Women's World Championship.

She played for Tarbes., Perpignan, Bourges, and Toulouse..

Bélé

A Bélé is a folk dance and music from Dominica, St. Lucia, Martinique, Haiti, Grenada, Guadeloupe, and Trinidad and Tobago. 

Carlos Antonio Carrillo

Carlos Antonio Carrillo (24 December 1783 – 23 February 1852) was a Californio politician, military officer, and ranchero. He served as governor of Mexican Alta California 1837-1838. Carlos died at Santa Bárbara and was buried in the mission cemetery February 26, 1852.
Blue Bird Vision

The Bluebird Vision Propane is a conventional Type C school bus made by the American company Bluebird. The Vision has many flexible fuel and passenger configurations. As of 2024, The vision is available in diesel, gasoline, electric, CNG, and Propane(My favorite). The vision's predecessor was the Chevy/GMC CV200. The vision can also be used as an activity bus.

National symbols of Mexico

The National symbols of the Mesoamerican Federal Republic of Mexico are the symbols that are used to represent the Mexican people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


List of Liechtenstein general elections

This is a list of Liechtenstein general elections (elections for the members of the Parliament of Liechtenstein and Prime Minister of Liechtenstein) since the first in 1862. There have been 48 general elections held in Liechtenstein up to and including the February 2021 election.

 

Corn-field grasshopper

Sphenarium purpurascens ( and , i.e., corn-field grasshopper), is a grasshopper species in the genus "Sphenarium" found in Mexico and Guatemala.

The harvesting of the grasshoppers in Mexico for human consumption can be a way for managing pest outbreaks. Such strategies allow decreased use of pesticide and create a source of income for farmers.

Midway Atoll National Football Team

Midway Atoll National Football Team is a soccer team that is played in Midway Atoll . It was founded in December 2003 or 2004 . The Federation started in 2003 or 2004 , by a unknown person . Mark Robert started as coach , when he was 23 years old . Ahaz was the assistance coach , and was Mark twin brother . Midway Atoll has no official stadiums . There first match was against Tonga . In September 26 , 2006 . The 5 Top players are : Xenophon Jackson , Michael Smith , Howard Coon , Lucas King and Elijah Jones . There biggest wins was 0–5 against San Marino , and there biggest defeat was 10–0 against New Zealand . In 2020 , Elijah Jones cannot make it , to the game , due to the Covid-19 , Lucas and 5 other players were infected and died . Therefore Midway Atoll will not be able to played with 6 players , It needs 12 main players to start the team . When it have 12 main players , They will began playing in January 2025 . They only played 9 matches. UMI means United Midway Islands and MID means Midway Islands D. 

Scotch bonnet

Scotch bonnet (also known as Bonney peppers, or Caribbean red peppers) is a variety of chili pepper named for its supposed resemblance to a Scottish tam o' shanter bonnet. It is common in West Africa and the Caribbean. 

Like the closely related habanero, Scotch bonnets have a heat rating of 100,000–350,000 Scoville units. For comparison, most jalapeño peppers have a heat rating of 2,500 to 8,000. A completely sweet variety of Scotch bonnet, cachucha, is grown on some Caribbean islands.

Scotch bonnets are used to flavor food worldwide and are often used in hot sauces and condiments. The Scotch bonnet has a sweeter flavor and stouter shape, distinct from its habanero relative with which it is often confused. 

Scotch bonnets are mostly used in West Africa, West Indian, Sri Lankan, and Maldivian cooking and pepper sauces. They often appear in other Caribbean recipes. Scotch bonnets are used in jerk cooking. They are also used in Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Panama for Caribbean-styled recipes such as rice and peas, rondón, "saus", beef patties, and ceviche. 

National symbols of Ukraine

The National symbols of Ukraine are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Ukrainian people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Francisco Lachowski

Francisco Lachowski (born May 13, 1991) is a Brazilian model widely recognized for his prominent presence in the fashion industry. With his striking features, versatile style, and charismatic demeanor, Lachowski has become a notable figure in the world of modeling, garnering widespread acclaim and a substantial following both on and off the runway.

Early Life and Education: Francisco Lachowski was born in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil. Raised in a multicultural environment, he possesses a unique blend of Brazilian, German, and Polish heritage. From an early age, Lachowski exhibited an interest in fashion and modeling, which led him to pursue opportunities in the industry.

Career: Lachowski's modeling career took off in 2008 when he won the prestigious Ford Men's Supermodel of the World contest, which propelled him into the spotlight. Following his victory, he signed with Ford Models and embarked on a journey that would establish him as one of the most recognizable faces in fashion.

Lachowski has since graced the covers of numerous high-profile magazines, including Vogue Hommes, GQ, Elle, Vanity Fair, and many others. He has also walked the runway for renowned fashion houses such as Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, Dior Homme, and Chanel, among others. His captivating presence and effortless charm have made him a favorite among designers, photographers, and fashion enthusiasts worldwide.

In addition to his success in traditional modeling, Lachowski has also ventured into the world of commercial modeling, collaborating with prominent brands such as H&M, Tommy Hilfiger, Diesel, and Armani Exchange. His versatility and ability to adapt to various styles have contributed to his widespread appeal and enduring relevance in the industry.

Personal Life: Outside of his professional endeavors, Francisco Lachowski maintains a relatively private personal life. He is married to Jessiann Gravel Beland, a fellow model, with whom he has two children, Milo and Laslo. The couple often shares glimpses of their family life on social media, offering fans a peek into their world beyond the runway.

Philanthropy: Lachowski is actively involved in philanthropic efforts, using his platform to support charitable causes and initiatives. He has participated in various fundraising events and campaigns aimed at raising awareness and funds for issues such as environmental conservation, children's rights, and education.

Legacy: Throughout his career, Francisco Lachowski has solidified his status as a prominent figure in the fashion industry. His influence extends beyond the runway, as he continues to inspire aspiring models and fashion enthusiasts around the world. With his timeless appeal, undeniable talent, and commitment to excellence, Lachowski remains a true icon of style and elegance.

References:

Rice and peas

Rice and peas or peas and rice are traditional rice dishes in some Caribbean countries. The 'peas' used in this dish are traditionally pigeon peas. They are called 'Gungo peas' in the Caribbean. So9metimes kidney beans are used. Rice and peas recipes throughout the Caribbean vary, with each country having their own way of making it and name of calling it. They are similar only by the two main ingredients which are the peas/beans used and rice to form a mixture. The name "rice and peas" originally is used by Jamaicans to identify the dish. Other countries have different names for it. 

In 1961, Frederic G. Cassidy made note that the dish had been referred to as Jamaica's coat of arms.

Rice and peas is the mainstay of Jamaica, Anguilla, Bahamas, Trinidad, Barbados, Haiti and many other Caribbean islands. In most of Caribbean, the dish is called Rice and peas. In the Bahamas, it is known as peas n' rice, from which the Bahamian folk song "Mamma don't want no Peas n' Rice and Coconut Oil" is named. 

The traditional Jamaican method of cooking rice and peas is cooking long-grain rice in coconut milk and pigeon peas/kidney beans along with other ingredients like scallions, garlic, bell peppers and allspice. It is often served with curries and jerk chicken.

Lists of cities in the United States named after a different state

This is a list of U.S. cities (or census-designated areas) named after a state that is different from the state that the city is in.

Grits

Grits are a type of porridge made from coarsely ground dried maize or hominy. Grits are cooked in warm salted water or milk. They are often served with flavorings as a breakfast dish. Grits can be savory or sweet, with savory seasonings being more common. Grits are like other thick maize-based porridges from around the world, such as polenta and mieliepap. . Grits are often part of a dinner entrée shrimp and grits in the Southern United States .

The dish originated with the Native American Muscogee tribe using maize. American colonists learned to make the dish from the Native Americans.

At that time, maize or hominy for grits was ground on a stone mill. The ground material was passed through screens, the finer sifted material used as grit meal, and the coarser as grits.

Three-quarters of the grits sold in the U.S. are bought in the South, in an area stretching from Lower Texas to Washington, D.C., that is sometimes called the "grits belt". The state of Georgia declared grits to be its official prepared food in 2002. South Carolina has legislation dealing exclusively with corn meal and grits. State law in South Carolina requires grits and rice meal to be enriched, similar to the requirement for flour.

Grits may be either yellow or white, depending on the color of the maize used. The most common version in supermarkets is "quick" grits, which are made from non-hominy maize and have the germ and hull removed. Whole kernel grits are sometimes called "speckled".

Grits are prepared by mixing water or milk and the dry grits and stirring them over heat, if one uses cornmeal, the food is called mush. Whole grain grits require much longer to become soft than "quick grits".

Pea soup

Pea soup or split pea soup is soup made from dried peas, such as the split pea. It is the food of many cultures. It is most often greyish-green or yellow in color depending on the regional variety of peas used; all are cultivars of "Pisum sativum".

Pea soup has been eaten since antiquity; it is mentioned in Aristophanes' "The Birds", and according to one source "the Greeks and Romans were cultivating this legume about 500 BC to 400 BC. During that era, vendors in the streets of Athens were selling hot pea soup."

Eating fresh "garden" peas before they were matured was a luxurious innovation of the Early Modern period: by contrast with the coarse, traditional peasant fare of pease pottage. Potage Saint-Germain, made of fresh peas and other fresh greens braised in light stock and pureed, was served to Louis XIV of France, for whose court at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye it was named, c. 1660–1680.

A well-known nursery rhyme, the first known written reference of which dates to 1765, speaks ofPease pudding hot,

Pease pudding cold,

Pease pudding in the pot

Nine days old;

Some like it hot,

Some like it cold,

Some like it in the pot,

Nine days old.Pease pudding was a high-protein, low-cost staple of the diet. As it is made from easily stored dried peas it was an ideal form of food for sailors, particularly boiled in accompaniment with salt pork which is the origin of pea (and ham) soup. It is still popular in the form of "mushy peas" sold with fish and chips, as well as with meat pies.

Pea Soup is an English classic with many forms ranging from a thick purée, like mushy peas, to a more liquid dish. It can be made from fresh new peas or dried old peas.

In 19th-century English literature, pea soup is referred to as a simple food and eating it as a sign of poverty. In the Thackeray short story "A Little Dinner at Timmins's", when a character asks his wife "Why don't you ask some of our old friends? Old Mrs. Portman has asked us twenty times, I am sure, within the last two years", she replies, with "a look of ineffable scorn", that when "the last time we went there, there was pea-soup for dinner!" In Thomas Hardy's "Tess of the D'Urbervilles", Tess remarks that "we have several proofs that we are d'Urbervilles ... we have a very old silver spoon, round in the bowl like a little ladle, and marked with the same castle. But it is so worn that mother uses it to stir the pea-soup."

Pea soup is a common dish throughout Germany. It often contains bacon, sausage or (cured and smoked pork). Very often, several sausages will accompany a serving of pea soup as well as some dark bread. Ready-made soup in cans is sometimes used.

One of the first instant products was a pea soup product, which mainly consisted of pea meal and beef fat (: pea sausage). It was invented in 1867 by Johann Heinrich Grüneberg, who sold the recipe to the Prussian state. When the Franco-Prussian War broke out, the war ministry, which had tested the possibility of feeding soldiers solely on instant pea soup and bread, built a large manufacturing plant and produced between 4,000 and 5,000 tons of for the army during the war. In 1889, the Knorr instant-food company bought the license. Knorr, which is today a Unilever brand, stopped the production of on December 31, 2018.

, also called , is the Dutch version of pea soup. It is a thick stew of green split peas, different cuts of pork, celeriac or stalk celery, onions, leeks, carrots, and often potato. Slices of (smoked sausage) are added before serving. It is often served with Frisian rye bread () and bacon, cheese or butter. The bacon is usually , a variety of bacon which has been cooked and then smoked. Pancakes are sometimes served with pea soup; this dish is called , referring to the pancakes.

In the Royal Dutch Navy the pea soup is completed with small cubes of lard which float as white squares on top. It is called (pea soup with floating ice).

Koek-en-zopie outlets, small food and drinks stalls which spring up only during winters along frozen canals, ponds and lakes in the Netherlands for ice skaters, usually serve as a savoury snack.

Nordic pea soup is normally cooked with pork – although the meat may sometimes be served on the side – and a typical recipe would also include onions and herbs like thyme and marjoram.

In Finland the soup is made of green peas; in Sweden, Norway and Denmark yellow peas are used.

In Sweden and Finland the soup is usually served with mustard, and sometimes also with extra (dried) herbs (thyme or marjoram) to be mixed into the soup at the table. The soup is then normally followed by pancakes with jam (strawberry, raspberry, bilberry, cloudberry or similar) for dessert. In Sweden, the soup is sometimes accompanied by warm punsch as a special treat.

Pea soup in Sweden and Finland dates back to at least the 13th century. It is traditionally served on Thursdays. This is said to have been preparation for fasting on Fridays. The tradition of Thursday pea soup is common in restaurants, schools, military messes and field kitchens.

In Finland, Laskiainen, a winter festival associated with Shrove Tuesday, is generally celebrated by eating green pea soup and either pancakes or a seasonal pastry called laskiaispulla. The celebration often includes downhill sledding.

The Swedish king Eric XIV (1533–1577) is said to have died after eating arsenic-poisoned pea soup. However, it is not proven that the arsenic was added to a pea soup. Pea soup is also known as one of the favorite dishes of Swedish author August Strindberg. He referred to pea soup as "gudamat" (food for the Gods).

In Denmark, pea soup is served with boiled pork like pork belly and medisterpølse, as well as mustard, pickled beets and rugbrød on the side. It is sometimes turned into a feast, with lots of beer and snaps on festive occasions.

In Denmark the dish can be dated to 1766 in written sources, but might have originated as early as the Bronze Age, when dried peas and cabbage became popular vegetables for the long winters there.

In Poland, pea soup is typically associated with the military, where it still remains a popular dish. This is because pea soup is nutritious and cheap, and can be easily prepared in large quantities. Military pea soup () is said to have to be thick enough to put a spoon straight up in it. Though the pea soup is normally prepared in messes, the dish is typically associated with field kitchens. Decommissioned field kitchens are often used during mass events.

Banana fritter

A banana fritter is a fritter made by deep frying battered banana or plantain in hot oil. It is a common dish across Southeast Asia and South India.

Banana fritters are a traditional snack in Brunei, where they are called . They are similar to "pisang goreng" in Indonesia and Malaysia. , a variant of made with honey, are popular as a light afternoon meal ().

In Khmer, banana fritters are made by dipping flattened bananas in a thick mixture of rice flour, sesame seeds, egg whites and coconut milk seasoned with salt and sugar and deep frying them in hot oil until crispy and golden. Cambodian banana fritters are more savoury than sweet and are often eaten as a snack with coconut ice cream. A famous banana fritter shop in Cambodia is "Chek Chean Pises" operating since 2000 that has two locations in Phnom Penh – at Mao Tse Tong Boulevard and Kampuchea Krom Boulevard.

"Vazhakkappam" or "pazham pori" is a fritter food with ripened banana or plantain and maida flour. A popular food especially in Kerala, it is generally eaten as a breakfast or a snack. 

"Pazham pori" is made from bananas or plantain. Plantains are slit lengthwise after peeling. They are dipped into a batter made from flour, salt, turmeric powder and sugar. This is deep-fried in oil until golden brown. In the other South Indian states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, it is made with besan flour.

"Pazham pori" is served usually along with tea or chai as a snack in the evening. In some restaurants in Kerala pazham pori is served along with beef.

In Indonesia, banana fritters are known as "pisang goreng". They are often sold by street vendors, They are deep fried in cooking oil; they might be coated with batter or not.

Plantain is often used instead of banana. Cultivars of banana such as "pisang raja", "pisang tanduk" and "pisang kepok" are the most popular kinds of banana used for pisang goreng. They have a mild sweet and sour flavor and firm texture that will not crumble upon being fried. "Pisang raja" however, has a softer texture and a fragrant aroma. The banana is often battered and then deep fried in ample palm oil. Pisang goreng might be battered or plain deep fried. The batter uses a combination of flour, either wheat, rice flour, tapioca or bread crumb. Coconut milk or milk and vanilla extract may be in the batter to add aroma. Most traditional street vendors will then sell them as is, without any additional ingredients or toppings. Some cafes and restaurants serve more sophisticated "pisang goreng" sprinkled with powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar, cheese, jam, condensed milk, chocolate or vanilla ice cream.

Banana fritters along other kinds of fritters are sold on travelling carts or by street vendors throughout Indonesia. Other than pisang goreng, various kinds of ingredients are battered and deep fried such as tempeh, "mendoan", tofu , oncom, sweet potato, cassava chunk, cassava tapai, tapioca , vegetables and breadfruit.

In Malaysia and Singapore, banana fritters are commonly known in the Malay language as "pisang goreng". The style of banana fritters commonly found in these countries is made by deep frying battered plantain in hot oil. It is typically consumed as a snack in the morning and afternoon. They are often sold by street vendors, although it is also offered as a product at storefronts, dining establishments as well as Singapore's hawker centres.

There are numerous fried banana dishes in Philippines. They are almost always made from saba bananas, a native cooking banana that is widely used in . "Pritong saging" are fried saba bananas (without batter) usually served with sugar or syrup. Bananas cooked with batter are a different dish known as "maruya." They are more commonly made mashed or sliced very thinly and spread into a fan shape. However, the most common Filipino street food dishes made from banana are banana cue and "turon". Banana cue are fried bananas coated with caramelized sugar and served on skewers. T"uron" is a type of fried dessert "lumpia" unique to the Philippines and is cooked in a crepe wrapper.

"Kluai khaek", sometimes called "kluai thot", is a popular Thai street snack. "Kluai khaek" is made from fried, floured banana commonly topped with white sesame.
In Suriname, this snack is also known as "bakabana" (meaning fried banana in Surinamese).

In Vietnamese, banana fritters are called "chuối chiên". They are based on the French dessert "banana flambée". After deep frying, Vietnamese banana fritters are drizzled with rum or rice wine and ignited to further crisp them.

A dish of banana fritter cooked in thick, spicy fish sauce and served with rice is claimed to have been a favourite dish of the former royal family of Myanmar.

Live at Knebworth

Live at Knebworth, also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text, is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams, recorded and released in 2003. The album is his first live album, and is a compilation of songs performed during three shows at Knebworth, England on 1–3 August 2003.

The three shows had a total of 375,000 fans, becoming the "biggest music event in British history". It is the second fastest and biggest selling live album ever in the United Kingdom behind Williams' former band Take That's live album "". It has been certified 2× Platinum by the IFPI for sales over 2 million copies.



The album was recorded in three evenings in Knebworth and then cut. The set lists for the three performances were:

What We Did Last Summer

What We Did Last Summer – Robbie Williams: Live at Knebworth is a live DVD by Robbie Williams, recorded between 1–3 August 2003 at Knebworth, England, as part of the Weekends of Mass Distraction Tour.

The album is a DVD version ofthe live album "Live at Knebworth" (also known as "Live Summer 2003").



Robbie Williams: Live at the O2

Robbie Williams: Live at the O2 is a live album released by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams on 24 November 2012. The album was available to attendants of the concerts straight after the performances, and later on Williams' official website. The album has Gary Barlow and Guy Chambers on it.

Griffith, New South Wales

Griffith is a rural city in the Riverina region of New South Wales. It is the seat of the City of Griffith local government area. 

Griffith was designed by Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin, the same people that designed Canberra and Leeton (a town near Griffith). Griffith was named after Arthur Hill Griffith, the then-Secretary for Public Works in New South Wales.

Griffith is known for its large Italian community.

We Think It's Love

"We Think It's Love" is a 2000 debut single from Australian singer Leah Haywood and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Leah". It went to number 7 in Australia and did not chart in neighbouring New Zealand despite airplay on pop radio stations at the time.

The single was released in three formats. It was first released as a digipak single where it housed a special "clear disc" and then later in a slimline jewel-case packaging which came with bonus stickers of Haywood and other "Sony" music label artistes and an enhanced multimedia screensaver section on the disc. It was finally released on a 12-inch vinyl which contained two remixes that were unavailable on either CD single releases. Both CD releases contain the ballad B-side track "...And If I Could", which never appeared on the album. The track was co-written and co-produced by Haywood and Sydney music producer Barbara Griffin.

Digipak CD single

Slimline jewel case CD single

12-inch single

Tasmania Devils

The Tasmania Football Club, nicknamed the Tasmania Devils, are a professional Australian rules football club from Tasmania. The club will join the Australian Football League (AFL) in 2028. They will play their matches in both Hobart and Launceston.



Victorian Football League

The Victorian Football League (VFL) is an Australian second-tier Australian rules football competition. There are 21 clubs with teams in the league, which are all based in the eastern states of Australia (Victoria has 15, Queensland has four and New South Wales has two).



Troy (disambiguation)

Troy was an ancient city.

Troy can also mean:


Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire

Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire is an upcoming American supernatural fantasy comedy movie. It is expected to be released on March 22, 2024 in North America. It is the fifth movie in the "Ghostbusters" movie franchise and is the sequel to the 2021 movie "". It was directed by Gil Kenan.

Principal photography for the movie started in London, England on March 20, 2023 and ended on June 23. The release of the movie was supposed to be on March 29, 2024 but was moved up to March 22 because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

The movie will have the new Ghostbusters team up with old Ghostbusters to try and defeat a creature before it can destroy their city and freeze Earth.



Star Wars: The New Droid Army

Star Wars: The New Droid Army is an action video game. It was published by THQ and was developed by Helixe. The game was released on November 14, 2002 in North America and on November 29, 2002 in Europe. It was only released for the Game Boy Advance.

It is set after the 2002 movie "" and before Anakin becomes Darth Vader. In the game, the player plays as Anakin Skywalker. He travels to Tatooine after being told that there were new droids there.

The game was given mixed reviews from game critics. Critics said that they didn't like the stamina system because the player had to wait for it to refill and it made the game boring. They did say that they liked some of the scenes and the atmosphere in the game and the music. 

Life on the Murder Scene

Life on the murder scene is a live album by the band My Chemical Romance. It features demos and unreleased songs from their 2004 album Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge. It’s also has a collection of live songs from their debut album I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love.
Ambush Buzzworl

Akala Nicholas aka Ambush is just a rapper and part of buzzworl a rap collective And record label from brum, born in 1990 August the 1st, blew up in 2017/18 with tracks like “Jumpy” “thug life” and “Ambush”
Yaduvanshi Rai

Yaduvanshi Rai was an Indian politician. He was elected as a member of Bihar Legislative Assembly from Marhaura constituency in Saran district, Bihar.

Rai died on 13 September 2016 in Medanta, Gurugram, Haryana



Yaduvanshi (surname)

Yaduvanshi is an Indian surname which is a clan of Ahirs.

Kurixalus bisacculus

The Loei flying frog, Taylor's tree frog, green-limbed tree frog, Phu Kradung tree frog, Taylor's frill-limbed tree frog, Loei frilled tree frog, or Taylor's rough-armed tree frog ("Kurixalus bisacculus") is a frog. It lives in China, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. People have seen it between 103 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees in evergreen forests, forests with some bamboo plants, and near the ends of forests. People have also seen it on rubber and banana farms. The frog's tadpoles swim in pools of water that are not deep.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because they believe it lives in a large place. However, human beings cut down the forests where it lives, and fire can burn these forests. Also, human beings catch this frog to eat it or to use its body to make medicine.

Muzaffar Husayn

Muzaffar Husayn was a Timurid prince. He was the last ruler and brother of Badi al Zaman Mirza and died to the Uzbeks in 1506.
Piri piri

Piri piri is a cultivar of "Capsicum frutescens" from the malagueta pepper. It was originally produced in the Portuguese Empire. It spread to other Portuguese places.

Plants are usually very bushy and grow in height to with leaves long and wide. The fruits are generally tapered to a blunt point and measure up to long. The immature pod colour is green; the mature colour is bright red or purple. Some bird's-eye chili varieties measure up to 175,000 Scoville heat units.

Peri-peri is descended from plants from the Americas, but it has grown in the wild in Africa for centuries. It is now grown commercially in Zambia, Uganda, Malawi, Zimbabwe and Rwanda. It grows mainly in Malawi, Ethiopia, Zambia, South Africa, Ghana, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, Mozambique and Portugal. It is cultivated for both commercial food processing and the pharmaceutical industry. Cultivation of peri-peri is labor-intensive.

Peri-peri sauce was produced by mixing pepper with condiments the Portuguese traded with their other territories in Asia and India.

The sauce is made from peri-peri chilis used as a seasoning or marinade. Beyond Portugal and Southern African where it is very popular, the sauce is particularly well known in the United Kingdom due to the success of the South African restaurant chain Nando's.

Some is used in cooking and some is used for seasoning at the table. The key ingredients are chili and garlic, with an oily or acidic base.

Other common ingredients are salt, spirits (namely whisky), citrus peel, onion, pepper, bay leaves, paprika, pimiento, basil, oregano and tarragon.

George Windsor, Earl of St Andrews

George Philip Nicholas Windsor, Earl of St Andrews (born 26 June 1962), is an English philanthropist, former diplomat and a member of the British royal family. He was a member of the Diplomatic Service in New York and Budapest. St Andrews became chancellor of the University of Bolton in 2017. 

He is the trustee of the Next Century and Global eHealth foundations and patron of the Welsh Sinfonia. He is the elder son of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, and his wife Katharine, Duchess of Kent, and heir-apparent to the dukedom of Kent. He is 42nd in the line of succession to the British throne.

Early Life and Career 

Lord St Andrews is the son of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Katharine, Duchess of Kent (née Worsley, daughter of Sir William Worsley, 4th Baronet), and was educated at Eton College and Downing College, Cambridge, where he earned an MA degree in History. 

St Andrews served in the Diplomatic Service in New York and Budapest. He later worked in the antiquarian book business for the Christie's auction house. Lord St Andrews was a trustee of the SOS Children's Villages UK charity and is a patron of the Association for International Cancer Research. He was also a patron of Clifton Scientific Trust, an educational charity giving young people experience of the world of science and engineering. In April 2012, he also became a trustee of the Next Century Foundation, a charity working throughout the Middle East. Furthermore, he is a trustee of the Global eHealth Foundation and Patron of the Welsh Sinfonia. On 30 March 2017, he was installed as chancellor of the University of Bolton.

Personal Life

On 9 January 1988, George Windsor married Sylvana Tomaselli, a Canadian-born academic, at Leith Registry Office near Edinburgh. The couple have three children: 

-Edward Windsor, Lord Downpatrick

-Lady Marina Windsor 

-Lady Amelia Windsor

Title

26 June 1962-present The Right Honorable The Earl of St Andrews or Lord St Andrews
Scoville scale

The Scoville scale is a measurement of pungency (spiciness or "heat") of chili peppers and other substances, recorded in Scoville heat units (SHU). It is based on the concentration of capsaicinoids. Capsaicin is the main thing measured.

The scale is named after its creator, American pharmacist Wilbur Scoville. The Scoville organoleptic test is a subjective assessment derived from the capsaicinoid sensitivity by people experienced with eating hot chilis.

An alternative method, high-performance liquid chromatography, can be used to analytically quantify the capsaicinoid content as an indicator of pungency.

In the Scoville organoleptic test, an exact weight of dried pepper is dissolved in alcohol. This extracts the heat components, the capsaicinoids. They are then diluted in a solution of sugar water. Decreasing concentrations of the extracted capsaicinoids are given to a panel of five trained tasters, until a majority (at least three) can no longer detect the heat in a dilution. The heat level is based on this dilution, rated in multiples of 100 SHU.

"Capsicum" chili peppers are used to add pungency in food. The range of pepper heat reflected by a Scoville score is from 500 or less (sweet peppers) to over 2.6 million ("Pepper X") .

Live at the Albert

""Robbie Williams: Live at the Albert"" is a DVD that was released in December 2001 of a concert performed by Robbie Williams on 10 October 2001 at the Royal Albert Hall, a month before the release of the album Swing When You're Winning. It has been certified 6× Platinum in the United Kingdom and 2× Platinum in Germany.



The Robbie Williams Show

The Robbie Williams Show is a live DVD and VHS video by Robbie Williams, recorded in 2002 in Pinewood Studios before the release of the album "Escapology".



Funge

' or ' (Angola) or ' (DCR and the Congo Republic) is a traditional African food made of cassava flour whisked into boiling water. It can also be made with sorghum, maize, or millet. It can be served with textured vegetable, fish, or meat stew, as well as other vegetable, meat, and fish dishes. "Funge" is a staple food in Africa. Some richer and more flavorful versions may be made with stock, like fish stock, instead of water. It is also known as ' (literally "food").

Funge is eaten with the fingers, and a small ball of it can be dipped into an accompanying stew, side dish or sauce.

In the Lesser Antilles, a similar food is known as fungi or cou-cou.

In Ghana there are two kinds. They are usually made with ground corn. The kind known as "banku" is sometimes made from a mixture of grated cassava and corn. The corn is allowed to ferment before it is cooked. To make "banku" the fermented mixture is cooked in a pot, but the variation called "kenkey" is only partially cooked before it is wrapped in banana leaves or corn husks and steamed.

In Brazil, a similar dish made with cassava flour and fish stock is known as .

And Through It All: Robbie Williams Live 1997–2006

And Through It All: Robbie Williams Live 1997–2006 is a DVD that was released in November 2006 of different live performances recorded between 1997 and 2006.

Also on disc 2: Eternity 5:04

Ego Has Landed Tour

The Ego Has Landed Tour was the second concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour promoted his debut album, "Life thru a Lens", and saw Williams performing at bigger venues than his earlier Show Off Must Go On Tour. The singer also performed at several UK music festivals during the summer of 1998. 



Moambe

Palm butter or palm cream, frequently known as moambe, mwambe or nyembwe, is an ingredient made from the pericarp (not the seeds) of palm nuts, the fruit of the African oil palm ("Elaeis guineensis") tree. It is an important ingredient in stews and sauces in Africa.

Dishes made with the sauce often include peanuts, peanut sauce, or peanut butter. The meat usually used in the dishes is chicken but other meats, such as beef, fish, mutton, or any wild game meat, such as crocodile or venison, are used as well. Moambe chicken is considered a national dish of three African countries.

In order to make palm butter, palm nuts are boiled and then pounded. The pulp is mixed with water, sieved and boiled again. Canned palm soup base, also called "sauce graine" or "noix de palme" may be used instead

In Angola, the dish is called "moamba de galinha." It is considered a national dish. It is usually served with funge, a manioc purée. It is sometimes made with fish.

In western regions of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, "mwambi" or "mwambe" () is the name given to the sauce of palm oil or peanuts. Poulet à la Moambé, "chicken in a "moambe" sauce", is a considered the Congo's national dish.

In Gabon, the sauce is usually called "nyembwe", from the Myene word for palm oil. The most important dish using nyembwe is nyembwe chicken (French: "poulet [au] nyembwe" or "poulet [au] gnemboue") which is considered a national dish of Gabon.



Riz gras

Riz gras or riz au gras is a rice-based dish in Beninese, Burkinabé, Guinean, Ivorian, and Togolese cooking. It is also eaten in other African countries, such as Senegal, where it is called "tiebou djen" and is prepared with significant amounts of fish and meat. This very like Jollof rice in English-speaking West Africa.

Riz gras is often served at parties in urban areas of Burkina Faso. Riz gras is prepared with significant amounts of meat and vegetables. It is usually served with the meat and chunks of vegetables on top of the rice. Additional ingredients used include tomatoes, eggplant, bell peppers, carrots, cabbage, onion, garlic, meat or vegetable stock, oil and salt.

Roselle juice

Roselle juice, known as bissap, wonjo, foléré, dabileni, tsobo, zobo, siiloo, soborodo or Sobolo in parts of Africa, sorrel in the Caribbean, and agua de Jamaica in Mexico, is a drink made out of the flowers of the roselle plant, a species of "Hibiscus". Although generally the "juice" is sweetened and chilled, it is really an infusion. When it is served hot it can be called hibiscus tea.

Roselle juice, often taken refrigerated, is a cool drink in many West African countries and the Caribbean. It is a dark red-purple coloured juice. The Burkinabes, Senegalese, and Ivorians call it bissap. The Nigerians call it zobo. Ghanaians call it Zobolo. It tastes a bit grapey and a little like cranberry juice. It can be served with mint leaves. It can be served with other flavouring like orange essence or ginger, pineapple juice, tea grass or vanilla. In Ghana, Nigeria, and Senegal, roselle juice is served cold, while in Egypt, it is served warm.

Roselle juice is prepared with water, bissap flowers, sugar and sometimes other flavouring ingredients such as ginger.

Roselle juice, which acts as a diuretic, regulates blood pressure and reduces hypertension. It also has high levels of vitamin C, so is used to treat the common cold and otherwise boost the immune system. Some studies have also shown antimicrobial activity.

Zobo drink is a local drink in Nigeria. It is made from dried hibiscus leaf and other ingredients. The drink is commonly sold in restaurants and on roadsides. Zobo drinks are served at parties.

Hibiscus drink is made by boiling the hibiscus leaf with ginger and garlic for less than an hour. It is served hot or chilled depending on the weather condition of the area it was produced. Other ingredients used in making zobo drink include nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, lime and artificial colours. The particles are sieved leaving behind the zobo juice. The roselle drink has flavour similar to cranberry juice and it is ruby red in colour.
This is the major ingredient used in making zobo drink. It is a leafy vegetable similar to spinach that originates from Europe. "Hibiscus sabdariffa", also known as roselle, is an annual herb that can be planted all year round especially between November and the April of the next year. Hibiscus sabdariffa is otherwise known as spinach dock, sour grass, or sour grabs.

Zobo drink is also known as hibiscus tea, hibiscus drink and roselle drinks because the beverage drink is made from hibiscus leaves. Also it is known as local Chapman since other fruits and artificial colours are added. Due to the sour taste of zobo drink, it is refer to as sour tea as well.

There are two types of preservatives used in production of zobo tea, the natural ones are nutmeg, lime and cloves . Sodium benzoate at a concentration of 0.1% or mixture of citric acid and magnesium sulfate are the chemical compounds used in preserving zobo drink for a longer time and make it carbon-free. The artificial preservatives are neutralized with fruit juice in order to conserve the sour taste of the leaf during production.



1999 Tour (Robbie Williams)

The 1999 Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour supported his second studio album, "I've Been Expecting You" and the compilation album, "The Ego Has Landed". In May 1999, the tour played over 40 shows in North America and Europe.

The songs below was from the concert held on 1 May 1999, at The Opera House in Toronto, Canada. These songs weren't played at all concerts.




Close Encounters Tour

The Close Encounters Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. It was held from April to December 2006, It was the singer's largest tour, playing over 50 shows in Africa, Asia, Europe, the Americas, and Australia.


The songs below was from the concert held on 10 April 2006, at the ABSA Stadium in Durban, South Africa. Not all the songs below were played at the concerts. 

Take the Crown Stadium Tour

The Take the Crown Stadium Tour was a concert tour by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was promoting his ninth studio album "Take the Crown"


In July 2013, the concert at the Tallinn Song Festival Grounds in Tallinn, Estonia was live-streamed in numerous cinemas in Europe.

Swings Both Ways Live

Swings Both Ways Live (also known as The Swing Tour Live) was the tenth concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour supports his tenth studio album, "Swings Both Ways". Beginning April 2014, the tour played 50 shows in Europe, Australia and Asia.

The songs below were played at the concert of 25 April 2014 at the Budapest Sports Arena in Budapest, Hungary. Not all songs were played at concerts.



Let Me Entertain You Tour

The Let Me Entertain You Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour started in March 2015 in Europe, Asia and Australasia, with over 40 shows.


The songs below is from the concerts held in Madrid and Barcelona, March 2015. Not all songs below were played at the concerts.


The Heavy Entertainment Show Tour

The Heavy Entertainment Show Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist Robbie Williams, to support his album "The Heavy Entertainment Show". The tour was held in England and Europe in Summer 2017. It continued in 2018 to Oceania and later that year to South America.



Death of Caylee Anthony

Caylee Marie Anthony (9 August 2005 – 16 June 2008) was an American toddler who lived in Orlando, Florida, with her mother, Casey Marie Anthony (born March 19, 1986), and her maternal grandparents, George and Cindy Anthony. On July 15, 2008, Caylee was reported missing in a 9-1-1 call made by Cindy, who said she had not seen the child for thirty-one days. According to what Cindy told police dispatchers, Casey had given varied explanations as to Caylee's whereabouts before eventually saying she had not seen her daughter for weeks. Casey later called police and falsely told a dispatcher that Caylee had been kidnapped by a nanny on June 9. Casey was charged with first-degree murder in October 2008 and pleaded not guilty.

Palm nut soup

Palm nut soup or banga is a soup made from palm fruit common in Cameroon, Ghana, Nigeria, Democratic Republic of Congo and Ivory Coast. It is made from a palm cream or palm nut base with stewed marinated meats and smoked dried fish. It is often eaten with starch, fufu, omotuo, banku, fonio, or rice. 

 soup is a palm fruit soup in Cameroon and West Africa. It is often served with kwacoco. The soup is Cameroon's version of the West African banga. In Cameroon is made using fresh palm nuts. Outside the area canned nuts can be used.

 is a type of palm fruit soup from the Niger Delta particularly among the itsekiri ethnic group. 

In Nigeria it is used to accompany other dishes such as Starch ("Usi") for the itsekiri people of Delta State. The Igbo people have the stew and soup varieties made from palm fruits. Ofe akwu is the stew variety usually taken with rice while the palm fruit extract is used especially in Anambra region for Oha and Onugbu soup accompanied with pounded cassava. The palm fruit is important to the Igbo people. The palm fruit is often harvested from locally grown palm fruit trees, after which it is thoroughly washed, boiled and mashed for the extraction of its oil, the main ingredient in the preparation of the Banga soup.

Banga soup is flavored with , aidan fruit, rohojie, Banga spice leaves called Obenetietien (scent or bitter leaves can be substituted), a stick of oburunbebe, finely chopped onion, ground crayfish, chili pepper or scotch bonnet, and salt. The soup is eaten with starch made with Cassava Starch and palm-oil or rice in the south or south eastern parts of Nigeria . Banga Soup is mostly prepared using fresh catfish dried/smoked fish or meat. It can also have the addition of Okra.

Obe Ẹyẹn, also known as banga soup, is a soup eaten by the itsekiri people of Southern Nigeria. It is made by extracting the liquid of palm kernels. Other ingredients like crayfish, meat, fish, pepper and cow tripe are added. It is eaten with eba or usi (starch). ("Elaeis guineensis") extract.

Video: How to make Palmnut Soup (GH)]]
Murder of Lily Furneaux-Wolfenbarger

Lily Furneaux-Wolfenbarger (May 14, 2008 - November 20, 2010) was a 2-year-old girl who was sexually assaulted and beaten to death by her stepmother, Renee King.

In 2012, Renee was sentenced to life in prison for Lily's death.

Lily Lynette Furneaux-Wolfenbarger was born on May 14, 2008, in Michigan, USA to Lauren Furneaux and Jeff Wolfenbarger.

Bafa (food)

Bafa it a traditional dish in Cape Verde.

It is a stew made with limpets, whelks and octopus. It can be eaten as a snack, as an entrée, or as a main dish.

A variant is called "Octopus bafa" ("Bafa de polvo").

Pointe Michel

Pointe Michel is a village in Dominica. It’s the capital and the only settlement in the parish of Saint Luke, the smallest one of the eleven parishes of Dominica.
Killing of Dolores Boschert

Dolores Olive Boschert (March 17, 1999-May 24, 2022) was an American paramedic who was killed in a freak accident while working out at a gym. Dolores had graduated from Duchesne High School in 2017, Lindenwood University in 2020, and the St. Louis Fire Academy in 2021. She had been working with Christian Hospital EMS since 2020.

On the early morning of May 24, 2022, Dolores was on her own at the Club Fitness gymnasium in St. Charles, Missouri. At around 2:30 AM, Dolores went to do squats on a Smith machine when her legs gave out, sending her to the floor. Dolores got pinned by a barbell as a result and died due to asphyxiation at the age of 23. Her body was found by another patron of the gym when he arrived at 2:50 AM, but she was pronounced dead at the scene.

The Boy in the Dress (musical)

The Boy in the Dress is a musical with music and lyrics by Robbie Williams, Guy Chambers and Chris Heath and a book by Mark Ravenhill. The musical is based on the 2008 novel The Boy in the Dress, written by David Walliams. The story is about a twelve-year-old boy, Dennis, who enjoys wearing a dress and the reactions of his family and friends.

The musical was held at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon from 8 November 2019 to 8 March 2020.

In 2020, it was going to be held at the Savoy Theatre in London's West End but due to the COVID-19 pandemic it was cancelled.


Keys

Grogue

Grogue, also known as grogu or grogo (derived from English "grog"), is a strong Cape Verdean alcoholic beverage made from sugarcane. Nearly all the sugarcane is used in the production of grogue. The cane is processed in a press known as a "trapiche".

It is the basis for a Cape Verdean cocktail known as "ponche" (derived from the English word "punch"), made with lime and molasses, comparable to the "poncha" of the island of Madeira.

Grogue and sugarcane production is mostly in Santo Antão and Santiago.

Grogue is used as a base for medicine, with the addition of herbs such as common rue, rosemary, or anise. There is also a grogue preparation made with percebes (goose neck barnacles).

It is made by a traditional way and because of this there are a lot of different qualities on the market. The government of Cabo Verde is busy with a European company to introduce grogue on the European markets. This will be a fully controlled grogue of the best quality by the name 'Grogue Official'.

In some tourist locations, caipirinhas are prepared with grogue.


Alex G

Alexander Giannascoli (born February 3, 1993), better known by his stage names Alex G or, formerly, (Sandy) Alex G, is an American musician and singer-songwriter. He started his career releasing albums himself on Bandcamp and started getting fans with his label debut, "DSU" (2014), released on Orchid Tapes and a lot of people liked it. He later signed with Lucky Number, who rereleased his earlier releases, "Rules" and "Trick" (2012). In 2015, he joined Domino Recording Company and released his sixth studio album, "Beach Music". He followed it in 2017 with "Rocket", which even more people liked. Giannascoli's eighth studio album, "House of Sugar", was released in 2019, and his ninth, "God Save the Animals", in 2022.

Giannascoli was born in 1993 in Havertown, Pennsylvania. His father's family is from Abruzzo, a region in Southern Italy. At age 11, he learned how to play the guitar that his brother gave him and started recording music. While attending Haverford High School, Giannascoli made two albums that he shared with friends. He tested different styles while making collaborative music, which included his brother, singer/songwriter/producer David Allen Scoli, and himself called The Scoli Xtreme, the "goth techno" he made with his sister in their band MOTHER, as well as the projects involving his high school band The Skin Cells, described as "pop rock that accidentally ended up being punk". The Skin Cells band where most unreleased music from Alex was released (such as "Tie me down", "Nintendo 64", and more). In 2011, Giannascoli enrolled at Temple University, where he studied English in hopes of becoming a teacher, but eventually left to pursue a musical career.

After self-releasing a bunch of albums, EPs, and singles on Bandcamp from 2010 to 2012, Giannascoli's popularity spread through word of mouth, blogs, and testimonials by other musicians. "The Fader" called Giannascoli "the internet's secret best songwriter." This led to Orchid Tapes signing Giannascoli, as well as the release of his label debut "DSU" (2014), which critics raved about. Following the release of the album, Giannascoli went on tour in North America and Europe. In November, "DSU" was released by Lucky Number in Europe on all formats with two new bonus tracks. The label later also reissued his two preceding releases, 2012's "Rules" and "Trick".

In 2015, Giannascoli signed with Domino Recording Company and released that label's debut "Beach Music" on October 9. The following year, Giannascoli worked with Frank Ocean on his albums "Endless" and "Blonde", providing guitar and writing music for several songs.

On March 2, 2017, Giannascoli announced that his second album with Domino, titled "Rocket", would be released on May 19 and shared the first two singles, "Bobby" and "Witch". On April 4, Giannascoli announced the change of his stage name from Alex G to (Sandy) Alex G, with no further explanation, and shared another single from the album, "Proud". The music publication "Spin" attributed the name change to a legal conflict with singer and YouTuber Alex Blue, who was operating at the time under the trademarked name "Alex G". On choosing the name 'Sandy', Giannascoli said it "was the first thing [he] put on Bandcamp" and that he had "just used that ‘Sandy’ as a sort of [social media] tag" since then. On May 4, he released two more singles, "Brick" and "Sportstar", before the release of the album. "Rocket" received good reviews and appeared on multiple publications' year-end lists of the best albums of 2017.

Giannascoli's eighth studio album, "House of Sugar", was released on September 13, 2019. The album received positive reviews and placed 17th on Pitchfork's year-end best albums list. In June 2020, he dropped "(Sandy)" from his stage name, returning to going by Alex G.

Giannascoli scored the film "We're All Going to the World's Fair", released on April 8, 2022. Giannascoli also scored Jane Schoenbrun's next film "I Saw the TV Glow", which is being released by A24 in 2024.

Giannascoli's ninth studio album, "God Save the Animals" was released on September 23, 2022.

In January 2024, Giannascoli announced his signing with RCA Records and an upcoming tour supporting the band Foo Fighters.

Giannascoli's music is often said to be indie rock with a lo-fi aesthetic because he records all of his music by himself in his home. He is compared a lot to singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, who's an idol of his. Other comparisons include Built to Spill and The Martinis. "The Philadelphia Inquirer" praised him as "a particularly gifted melody writer" whose "fuzzy, sometimes distorted songs, which hark back to slightly askew 1990s bands such as Pavement, can't hide his skill as a pop craftsman and a constructor of elliptical narratives that call for repeated listening." He stated that his creative process is usually working alone in his room with his guitar and adding other instruments later. When asked about working in a professional recording studio, he replied "I feel like I'm eventually going to have to do that, but I just don't want to. Because I don't know how to work all that stuff, and I don't want anyone else to have control. I just want to follow my own ideas, and I'm uncomfortable doing it any other way." Despite being formerly hesitant to record his music in professional studios, Giannascoli's "God Save the Animals" was studio-recorded with help from Jacob Portrait during the COVID-19 pandemic.



Palm wine

Palm wine, is an alcoholic drink made from the sap of palm trees such as the palmyra, date palms, and coconut palms. It is common in various parts of Africa, the Caribbean, South America, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Micronesia.

Palm wine production by smallholders and individual farmers may help conservation. Palm trees may become a source of regular household income. This may be worth more than the value of timber sold.

The sap is extracted and collected by a tapper. The sap is usually collected from the cut flower of the palm tree. A container is fastened to the flower stump to collect the sap. The white liquid that initially collects tends to be very sweet and non-alcoholic before it is fermented. Another method is the felling of the entire tree. Where this is practised, a fire is sometimes lit at the cut end to help the collection of sap.

Palm sap begins fermenting immediately after collection, due to natural yeasts in the air (often helped by yeast left in the collecting container). Within two hours, fermentation yields an aromatic wine of up to 4% alcohol content, mildly intoxicating and sweet. The wine may be allowed to ferment longer, up to a day, for a stronger, more sour, and acidic taste, which some people prefer. Longer fermentation produces vinegar instead of stronger wine.

Palm wine may be distilled to create a stronger drink, which goes by different names depending on the region (e.g., "arrack", "palm feni (liquor)", "", "village gin", "charayam", and "country whiskey").

In Nigeria, this is commonly called palm wine. In southwestern Nigeria and some parts of Cameroon, it is also known as "Emu" or "Matango". In both Congos, it is called "nsámbá". In parts of southern Ghana, distilled palm wine is called "akpeteshi" or "burukutu". In Togo and Benin, it is called "sodabe. I"n Tunisia it is called "lagmi". In coastal parts of Kenya, it is known as "mnazi". In India, it is called "toddy". In Ivory Coast, it is called "koutoukou".

In the Philippines, the most common distilled palm liquor is "lambanog" which is made from aged "tubâ". It has very high alcohol by volume, at 40 to 45% abv (80 to 90 proof).

Maboké

Maboké is a food in the Central African Republic. It is a fish dish, with roasted spices, wrapped in cassava or banana leaf. It is also eaten in other parts of Africa, like the Democratic Republic of the Congo which uses many species of tropical fish from the Congo River. It is sometimes served with fried plantains and rice.

We Sing Robbie Williams

We Sing Robbie Williams is the third game in the "We Sing" series for the Wii. It was released on 12 November 2010.

The game has up to 4 players, who can use their own microphones. It is also the first game in this series to have an artist, which for this game is Robbie Williams.

The game has singing lessons, solo mode, party mode and Karaoke mode. Players have to sing along with music to score points, matching the pitch and rhythm. players can choose to play at an easy, medium, or hard level, with both short or full-length songs. After the player finishes singing, they can replay their performance; and get statistics about their performance. 

The game has 25 songs.



Solovey (Go A song)

"Solovey" (, ) is a 2020 song by Ukrainian folktronica group Go_A. The song had to represent Ukraine in Eurovision Song Contest 2020, but the competition was stopped by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The musical genre of the song is folktronica, a mix between electronic dance music and folk.

The song lyrics are about a girl, Katrusia (nickname for "Kateryna"), that lives in the Ukrainian countryside. She falls in love with a boy, Vaniusha (nickname for "Ivan"), but the mother does not approve it. The girl meets him at night and she asks a nightingale not to sing early, because the bird may wake up other people. Katrusia knows that their love is not possible and tries to forget him.

The story is based on the singer Kateryna Pavlenko's personal story.

The lyrics, all in the Ukrainian language, are in an iambic pentameter verse, the main metre in Slavic folk poetry and drama.

On 22 February 2020, "Solovey" won "Vidbir 2020" with 12 points, the highest number of points in "Vidbir".. The winner song of that competition becomes the representative Ukrainian song for Eurovision Song Contest. However, on 18 March 2020, Eurovision was stopped before it started because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Go_A then went to Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with "Shum".

"Solovey" is the first song in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest to be fully in the Ukrainian language.

Lord Nicholas Windsor

Lord Nicholas Charles Edward Jonathan Windsor (born 25 July 1970) is a relative of the British royal family, youngest child of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent. As a Catholic convert, he has forfeited his right of succession to the throne. Lord Nicholas has voiced strong anti-abortion views.

Early Years 

Lord Nicholas Windsor was born on 25 July 1970 at King's College Hospital in Denmark Hill, London to Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Katharine, Duchess of Kent. He has an older brother, Lord St Andrews, and a sister, Lady Helen Taylor. He was baptized later that year at Windsor Castle. His godparents include Charles, Prince of Wales (later King Charles III) and Donald Coggan, at the time Archbishop of York and later Archbishop of Canterbury. 

Religion

Lord Nicholas's mother, The Duchess of Kent, had been received into the Catholic Church in 1994. 

On 14 July 2011, Lord Nicholas became an Honorary Vice-president of the Friends of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham, an Anglican Ordinariate within the Catholic Church. 

Lord Nicholas is also a patron of the Society of King Charles the Martyr and, though it is a largely Anglican society, he identifies it with his catholic faith. In a passage written by Windsor for the Society's website, he extolls Charles's virtues: "In the King's personal piety, devotion and support of the Church, his ecumenical understanding (far advanced for his day), his patronage of the Arts in the service of God, his inspiration of the Christian classic, Eikon Basilike and of course his martyrdom, we have much to REMEEMBER and be thankful for."

Lord Nicholas had voiced strong views on the issue of abortion, which he has stated is, as a societal threat, "worse than al-Qaeda."

Title 

25 July 1970 Lord Nicholas Windsor 

House: Windsor
Prince Gabriel of Belgium

Prince Gabriel of Belgium (French: Gabriel Baudouin Charles Marie, Dutch: Gabriel Boudewijn Karel Maria; born 20 August 2003) is the elder son and second child of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. He is currently second in line to the throne of Belgium after his elder sister, Elisabeth.

Life

Prince Gabriel was born at 1:15 am CET on 20 August 2003 in the Erasmus Hospital in Anderlecht, Brussels. He was christened at Ciergnon Castle, one of the royal family's summer residence, on 25 October 2003 by Cardinal Godfried Danneels, the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels. His godparents are his maternal uncle Count Charles-Henri d'Udekem d'Acoz (born 1985); and his paternal second cousin, Baroness Maria Christina von Freyberg-Eisenberg (born 1965). King Philippe stated in an interview that he finds the name Gabriel, which is new in the royal family, not only beautiful, short and powerful, but also the name unites the three major religious traditions. He was named after his great-uncle King Baudouin of Belgium, his maternal uncle and godfather Count Charles-Henri d'Udekem d'Acoz and Virgin Mary (traditional name in Catholic royalty).

Gabriel's older sister, Elisabeth, precedes him in the line of succession following the 1991 adoption of absolute primogeniture. He also has a younger brother, Prince Emmanuel, and a younger sister, Princess Eleonore. He lives with his parents and siblings at the Royal Palace of Laeken. 

Gabriel was a student at St John Berchmans College until 2019, where the instruction is in Dutch, in the Marolles district of Brussels, the capital of Belgium. From 2019 to 2021, he finished his secondary education at the International School of Brussels (ISB), an English-language private school in Watermael-Boitsfort. 

From September 2021, he is taking a 1-year preparatory A-level course in mathematics, further mathematics, and physics at The National Mathematics and Science College, a STEM-oriented sixth form college in Warwickshire, England. In August 2022, the royal family announced that Gabriel will attend Royal Military Academy of Belgium, studying social and military sciences in Dutch and will be a part of the 162nd class. In September 2022, the Prince received his blue beret and trained under the name "Gabriel van Saksen-Coburg." 

Gabriel speaks Dutch, French and English. 

In August 2013, Prince Gabriel accompanied his father King Philippe to a European Hockey Championship match in Boom, in which Belgium played (and won) against Germany. Prince Gabriel read the prayer intentions at his great-aunt Queen Fabiola's funeral in December 2014. He with his mother Queen Mathilde and sister Princess Elisabeth attended the finals of the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition on 12 May 2018. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Prince Gabriel had conversations over the phone with elderly people in residential care centers in order to encourage and support them. In December 2020, Prince Gabriel with his sister Princess Eleonore volunteered at a convenience store and a warehouse in Ghent. In June 2021, Prince Gabriel accompanied his father King Philippe on a visit to the 15Wing Air Transport at Military Airport Melsbroek. In April 2023, Prince Gabriel accompanied King Philippe on a visit to French Guiana, where they witnessed the launch of the Ariane 5 rocket from the Kourou Space Center. In May 2023, the Prince attended a garden party in honor of his father's reign tenth anniversary. On 21 July 2023, he and his sister Elisabeth were among the fellow students of the Royal Military Academy Belgium to parade during the Belgian National Day. He has been involved in the Scouts since he was eight years old and has become a patrol leader in the last few years. 

Prince Gabriel plays the piano. He likes to practice taekwondo, football, cycling, tennis, swimming, skiing, sailing and hiking. He was a member of Royal Evere White Star Hockey Club, a Belgian hockey club based in Evere but decided to quit hockey in 2019 to fucus on his school work 

Title

20 August 2003-present His Royal Highness Prince Gabriel of Belgium 

Military Ranks 

30 September 2022-present Officer Cadet, The Royal Military Academy 

House: Belgium 

Religion: Roman Catholic
Abu Hafs al-Hashimi al-Qurashi

Abu Hafs al-Hashimi al-Qurashi is the fifth caliph of Daesh. He become caliph on the 3rd or 6th of August 2023, by the spokesperson of Daesh, Abu Hudhayfah Al-Ansari, which came after 4 months after the death of Abu al-Hussein al-Husseini al-Qurashi. 

Star Wars: Flight of the Falcon

Star Wars: Flight of the Falcon is a 3D first-person shooter video game. It was published by THQ and was developed by Pocket Studios. The game was released on November 18, 2003 in North America and on November 21, 2003 in Europe. It was only released for the Game Boy Advance.

In the game, the player plays as Han Solo with his Wookiee co-pilot Chewbacca. The player can pilot Solo's ship, the "Millennium Falcon" and also other spacecraft. The player shoots the Galactic Empire's forces to try and help the Rebel Alliance defeat them.

The game was given negative reviews from game critics. Critics said that they didn't like the graphics or gameplay. One critic said that the framerate of the game was so horrible that the game should be classified as unplayable. The music and sounds did get a good review though.

Greta Freist

Margaretha Maria Josefa "Greta" Freist (21 July 1904 Weikersdorf – 18 September 1993 in Paris) was an Austrian painter and graphic artist. 

Freist attended the Fröhlich School of Painting in Vienna, and studied at the Academy of Fine Arts with Rudolf Bacher and Rudolf Jettmar from 1924 to 1930. She worked as a freelance painter, graphic artist, restorer, ceramist and fabric painter. She worked together with her fellow student and life partner Gottfried Goebel. The two lived with Heimito von Doderer in Döbling.

In 1936 (or 1937) she emigrated with Goebel to Paris, where she had her first exhibition at the Salon d'Automne. During the war years, her partner Goebel was interned and Freist was arrested several times for trading on the black market.   In 1950, the French section of the International Art Club was founded in her studio. 

From about 1949 to 1967 she painted abstractly. After an inspiring trip to Spain, she returned to a figurative, fantastical style of painting, to express the dehumanization of the world. From 1988 until her death, she returned to abstraction. 

Freist died in Paris in 1993.

Electric spark

An Electric spark is a sudden burst of electricity that takes place when a very strong electric field makes a path through something that usually doesn't conduct electricity, like air or gases. This can happen when there's a buildup of electric charge in one place and it suddenly discharges. Michael Faraday, a famous scientist, was one of the first to study how electric sparks form.

When the electric field becomes strong enough, it overcomes the normal resistance of the material and creates a channel through which the electricity can flow. This channel becomes ionized, which means the atoms in the material lose or gain electrons, making it able to conduct electricity. 

The strength of the electric field needed to create a spark depends on the material involved. For air, which is commonly where electric spark takes place, the breakdown strength is about 30,000 volts per centimeter at sea level. In other words, when the electric field reaches this level, it's strong enough to make a spark jump through the air.

Electric sparks are often seen in situations like lightning during storms or when static electricity builds up and discharges, such as when you touch a metal object after shuffling your feet on a carpet. They can also happen in machinery, electronics, and in scientific experiments.
These sparks can be dangerous because they can cause fires or explosions if they happen near flammable materials or in environments with gases that can ignite. However, they are also useful in many applications, such as in spark plugs for igniting fuel in engines, in welding, and in certain types of sensors and detectors.

Fructuoso Rivera

Jose Fructuoso Rivera y Toscana (17 October 1784-13 January 1854) was President of Uruguay from 6 November 1830 to 24 October 1834 (succeeding Luis Eduardo Perez and preceding Carlos Anaya),he was president three times He was one of the main founding fathers of Uruguay as well as the founder of the Colorado Party of Uruguay, which ruled the country without interruption from 1865 to 1958.From 1847 to 1853, Rivera was forced into exile in Brazil, and he returned in 1853 after President Juan Francisco Giro was overthrown. Venancio Flores, Lavalleja, and Rivera formed a governing triumvirate, but it fell apart when Rivera and Lavalleja died in office.
Bariis iskukaris

Bariis Iskukaris, also called Isku-dheh karis or just Bariis is a traditional rice dish from Somalia. The name "Isku-dheh karis" literally means "cooked mixed together". It is sometimes used to more broadly refer to other grain-derived crops that require similar cooking. Hence the more specific term for this dish is "bariis isku-dheh karis" which means "rice (bariis) cooked mixed together".

Bariis iskukaris is made from basmati rice, and is topped with raisins, peas, and fried potatoes, onions and peppers. It is usually served with roasted meat or fish. It is a national dish of Somalia and is especially popular at weddings. It is a staple dish which is served as part of a Somali daily meal. It is generally served with fresh bananas.

The dish has a spice mixture called "xawaash" which literally translates as "spices" in the Somali language. That is made from ground cumin, turmeric, coriander, paprika, cardamon, black pepper, cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg. Either saffron or orange or red food coloring are added to the dish after the rice has finished cooking to give the dish an orange color.

List of songs written by Charli XCX

English singer Charli XCX has written tracks on her studio albums, mixtapes, extended plays, and has written songs for other singers.

AFL Women's

The AFL Women's (AFLW) is the top women's Australian rules football league in Australia. In the first season (played between February and March 2017), there were only eight teams, but the league now has all 18 teams from the men's Australian Football League (AFL).

Notes

Zany Golf

Zany Golf (also known as Will Harvey's Zany Golf) is a miniature golf sports video game. It was published by Electronic Arts and was developed by Sandcastle Productions. The game was released on Dec 31, 1988 and was also later released as a port in 1990 for the Sega Genesis.

In the game, the player plays miniature golf on 9 types of crazy-themed courses. The game can be played either single player or with up to four people with players taking turns.

The game was given positive reviews from game critics. Critics said that they liked the presentation and said it was fun. However, they said that they did not like the low amount of courses to play.

Prince Emmanuel of Belgium

Prince Emmanuel of Belgium (Emmanuel Leopold Guillaume Francois Marie; born 4 October 2005) is the younger son and third child of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. He is currently third in line to the throne of Belgium after his elder sister, Princess Elisabeth, and brother, Prince Gabriel. 

Life

Emmanuel was born on 4 October 2005 at the Erasmus Hospital the teaching hospital Free University of Brussels. He was christened at the chapel of Ciergnon Castle in the Belgian Ardennes on 10 December 2005. His godparents were: his maternal aunt Countess Elisabeth d'Udekem d'Acoz (Margravine Pallavicini) and Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg.

In September 2012, it was announced that Emmanuel left St John Berchmans College, Brussels, the school his siblings also attended, to enroll at the Eureka special school in Kessel-Lo. 

The school caters to children of normal intelligence and gifted children who have dyslexia which he has. In August 2020, it was reported that Emmanuel transferred to The International School of Brussels, an English-language private school in Watermael-Boitsfort, near Brussels, the same school his brother Gabriel attended from 2019 to 2021. 

Emmanuel likes to practice cycling, swimming, skiing, and sailing. 

He also plays the flute and saxophone. He speaks French, Dutch, and English. 

Title 

4 October 2005 His Royal Highness Prince Emmanuel of Belgium

House: Belgium 

Religion Roman Catholic
Princess Eléonore of Belgium

Princess Eleonore of Belgium (Eleonore Fabiola Victoria Anne Marie; born 16 April 2008) is the younger daughter and the youngest of four children of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. She is currently fourth in line to the throne of Belgium after her older siblings Princes Elisabeth, Duchess of Brabant, Prince Gabriel and Prince Emmanuel.

Life

Princess Eleonore was born on 16 April 2008 at 4:50 at the Erasmus Hospital, the teaching hospital of Free University of Brussels in Anderlecht. She is the twelfth and youngest grandchild of King Albert II and Queen Paola. She was baptized on 14 June 2008 in the chapel of Ciergnon Castle in the Belgian Ardennes, by Cardinal Godfried Danneels, the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels. Her godparents are: Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden, Princess Claire of Belgium, and Count Sebastien von Westphalen zu Furstenberg. 

Princess Eleonore attended primary school at the Dutch speaking school St John Berchmans College in central Brussels. As of September 2020, she attends Heilig Hart College, a Dutch language secondary school in the Wezembeek-Oppem. French and English are also part of her education, she lives with her parents, her sister Elisabeth and her two brothers Gabriel and Emmanuel at the Royal Palace of Laeken. 

Princess Eleonore plays the violin. She likes reading and drawing. She likes to practice cycling, swimming, skiing, and sailing. 

Title 

16 April 2008-present Her Royal Highness Princess Eleonore of Belgium 

House: Belgium 

Religion: Roman Catholic
Women's Australian rules football

Women's Australian rules football, also called women's football or women's footy, is the female version of Australian rules football. There are a few differences between the rules in the women's game to the rules of the men's game.

The main national competition is the AFL Women's (AFLW), and there are also several state and territory leagues for women, as well as some women's leagues overseas. The Women's Australian Football International Cup is the main international competition, which is played in Australia but Australia does not compete in it.

Usually, women's Australian rules football matches have a few different rules to the men's game, but the rules are still very similar.

These are some of the rule changes used in the AFLW:

VFL Women's

The VFL Women's (VFLW) is a semi-professional women's Australian rules football competition in the state of Victoria. It is the women's equivalent of the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Box Hill Hawks

The Box Hill Hawks are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Box Hill, a suburb of Melbourne.

<poem>
"We're a happy team at Box Hill"
"We're the Mighty Fighting Hawks."
"We love our club and we play to win,"
"Riding the bumps with a grin at Box Hill."
"Come what may, you'll find us striving"
"Team work is the thing that talks,"
"One for all and all for one"
"Is the way we play at Box Hill."
"We are the Mighty Fighting Hawks!"
</poem>

Casey Demons

The Casey Demons, formerly called the Springvale Football Club and later the Casey Scorpions, are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Cranbourne East, a suburb of Melbourne.

<poem>
It's a grand old flag, it's a high-flying flag,
It's the emblem for me and for you;
It's the emblem of the team we love,
The team of the red and the blue.
Every heart beats true for the red and the blue,
And we sing this song to you:
Should old acquaintance be forgot,
Keep your eye on the red and the blue!
</poem>

Coburg Football Club

The Coburg Football Club, nicknamed the Lions, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Coburg, a suburb of Melbourne.

<poem>
We're the Coburg pride, you know
All our coaches tell us so.
We're faster,
We're stronger,
We'll dominate you,
We're triers,
We're flyers,
We're the team of red and blue.
And when we reach that final four,
Then we'll kick those goals galore
Then you'll hear those Lions roar
Oh yes, Coburg will be there!
</poem>

Frankston Football Club

The Frankston Football Club, nicknamed the Dolphins, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Frankston, a suburb of Melbourne.

Northern Bullants

The Northern Bullants, formerly known as the Preston Football Club and later the Northern Blues, are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Preston, a suburb of Melbourne.

Port Melbourne Football Club

The Port Melbourne Football Club, nicknamed the Borough, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Port Melbourne, a suburb of Melbourne.

Sandringham Football Club

The Sandringham Football Club, nicknamed the Zebras, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Sandringham, a suburb of Melbourne.

Werribee Football Club

The Werribee Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Werribee, a suburb of Melbourne.

Williamstown Football Club

The Williamstown Football Club, nicknamed the Seagulls, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Williamstown, a suburb of Melbourne.

Southport Australian Football Club

The Southport Australian Football Club, nicknamed the Sharks, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and the Queensland Australian Football League (QAFL). The club is based in Southport, a suburb of the Gold Coast.

Kensuke Tanabe

Tanabe first started at Nintendo in 1987, where he directed the video game "Yume Kojo: Doki Doki Panic" before moving on to work on "Super Mario Bros. 2". Tanabe has also worked on the "The Legend of Zelda" series, writing for "" in 1991 and "" in 1993. He is also known for his work on the "Kirby", "Metroid", and "Paper Mario" series.

Revista Oficial Nintendo

Revista Oficial Nintendo was a monthly Nintendo news and video game strategy magazine in Spain. It was also known by its former name Nintendo Acción until December 2011. It ran from December 1992 until December 17, 2018. The first issue, released in December 1992, spotlighted the SNES game "Super Mario Kart". During the height of the "Pokémon" craze in the 1990s, "Nintendo Acción" would attach a booklet called "Pokémon Magazine" to their magazine. In it, they would talk about Pokémon news, provide guides and show fan drawings. They stopped making it in 2012.

The last issue was in December 2012, spotlighting the Nintendo Switch game port "New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe".


MAT-49

The MAT-49 is a submachine gun of French origin used by the French army from the 1950s to the 1980s, and manufactured by Manufacture Nationale d'Armes de Tulle (MAT). It was used in the Indochina and Vietnam wars. It was a compact weapon that had a retractable wire stock; in addition, its magazine could be folded parallel to the barrel (which facilitated its use by paratroopers and tankers). In 9mm caliber, it had a magazine with capacity for 32 cartridges, a rate of fire of 600 rounds per minute and fired with the bolt open. A version with a fixed wooden stock and longer barrel was also produced.
Blacktown

Blacktown is a suburb in the City of Blacktown in New South Wales, Australia. The suburb has a population of 11,812 people according to the 2021 census.

Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead

Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead is a 1995 American crime comedy thriller movie directed by first time director Gary Felder. It was titled after the 1991 song by Warren Zevon and was taken from his ninth studio album "Mr. Bad Example". It stars Andy Garcia, Christopher Lloyd, Treat Williams, William Forsythe, Steve Buscemi, Jack Warden, Gabrielle Anwar, Christopher Walken, Bill Cobbs, Stephen Root and Glenn Plummer. It was distributed by Miramax Films and was a box office bomb.


Ansar al-Sham

Ansar al-Sham is a Sunni militant group active in the Syrian Civil War, and it mainly fights against the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and its allies. It was founded by Abu-Omar al-Jamil, who fought in Afghanistan against the Soviet Union. The group allows both foreign fighters and local Syrian people to join the group and the group is described to be made up of people who left the SAA, shopkeepers, and farmers.

Nintendo Space World

Nintendo Space World was a yearly trade show hosted by Nintendo. It was also known by its former names Shoshinkai and Famicom Space World. It ran from 1989 until 2001. There was not a convention in 1998 because Nintendo wasn't able to show enough new games for the 64DD.

Nintendo would use these events to show new games that they were working on, as well as new consoles and other news. Some things that were announced at these conventions were never released, like the Super Mario 128 project.

The last convention was held from August 24–26, 2001. During the convention, the upcoming GameCube was shown alongside the recently released Game Boy Advance. A clip from "" was also shown. The "Wind Waker" clip recieved backlash from people who didn't like the cel-shaded art style the game was in.


Antonio Onofri

Antonio Onofri (1759 – 26 February 1825) was a politician and diplomat of the Republic of San Marino, and recognition as "the Father of his country". And he was Captains Regent
Ken Mellons

Kenneth Edward Mellons (born July 10, 1965) is an American country music artist.


Next Generation (magazine)

Next Generation was an American monthly video game magazine. It ran from January 1995 until January 2002. The magazine was produced in Brisbane, California. The first issue, released in January 1995, spotlighted the gaming industry and featured the 3DO, Atari Jaguar, Sega Saturn, PlayStation, and Nintendo 64. 

Unlike a lot of other video game magazines, "Next Generation" would mainly focus on the gaming industry and consoles rather than on singular games.

The last issue was in January 2002, with the main feature being a review of the recently released Xbox console and it's lineup of games. 

Computer and Video Games

Computer and Video Games (also known as CVG) was a UK monthly video game magazine and website. It ran from November 1981 until October 2004. After 2004, the magazine was entirely moved online to their website. Their website ran from August 1999 until it was shut down on 26 February 2015. The magazine was produced in London, England. The first issue, released in January 1995, spotlighted "Space Invaders". The last issue was in October 2004, with the main feature being a review of "Need for Speed Underground 2".

Before being bought out by GamesRadar, "CVG" used to host the Golden Joystick Awards, the longest running gaming awards. They started the awards in 1982 and it still runs today.

On 16 April 2008, the magazine was revived under the name CVG Presents. It was released bi-weekly and would mainly focus on one subject. The spotlight of the first edition was on the "Grand Theft Auto" series. No new issue has been released since 2009.


