Nearby municipalities are Pelkosenniemi, Salla and Sodankylä. The villages in Savukoski include Kuosku, Martti, Nousu, Seitajärvi, Savukoski, Tanhua, Lunkkaus, Viitaranta, Värriö, Rovala and Ruuvaoja.

Employers: Metsähallitus, Veljekset Karjalainen and Metsänhoitoyhdistys. In 1967, phosphorus was found in the area. It is planned to open a phosphorus mine after 2015.

One third of area is national parkland: Urho Kekkonen National Park, Värriö Strict Nature Reserve and Maltio Strict Nature Reserve.


Friedrich Dürrenmatt

Friedrich Dürrenmatt (January 5, 1921 in Konolfingen, canton of Bern December 14, 1990 in Neuchâtel) was a writer and philosopher from Switzerland.

Dürrenmatt was the son of a protestant pastor. He was always interested in drawing. He went to school until 1941, afterwards he studied philosophy, sciences (deep point physics) and German literature at the University of Bern. He dropped studies in 1946, when he published his first written work.

One year later he married the Swiss actress Lotti Geissler (1919–1983). They had three children. The financial situation of the family got better, when Dürrenmatt began to write radio dramas and crime fiction.

In 1984 he married the German actress and television director Charlotte Kerr (1927–2011).

His world-wide success is based on two plays: "The Visit" and "The Physicists".




Kampala

Kampala is the capital of Uganda. More than 1,800,000 people live there. The city is on the shore of Lake Victoria.

The Ugandan National Theatre is in Kampala. There is also a university in the city.
The home team; Kampala City Council (KCC) Football Club is a leading Africa FIFA Club team player.

Common wombat

The common wombat, "Vombatus ursinus", is one of three wombat species living in Australia. It is found the mountains and hills of southeast Australia, Tasmania, and Flinders Island in Bass Strait. They look like a small bear, which is what the name "ursinus" means. It is a marsupial, a type of mammal that carried its young in a pouch. It is the largest burrowing plant-eating mammal in the world. Its closest living relative is the koala.

They are a short and muscular animal that walks on four strong legs. The feet and claws are designed to help the wombat dig tunnels in rocky ground. They are between 70 and 120 cm in length and weigh between 15 and 35 kg. It is covered in a very rough and coarse fur which can be anywhere from black to silver grey, from dark brown to sandy brown. Wombats have very tough skin on their rump.

Wombats live alone but meet up to breed in April to June on mainland Australia. In Tasmania the breeding can occur at any time of the year. The young wombats are tiny, about two cm long, when they are born after a gestation of only 21 days, and move into the mother's pouch. Wombats normally only have one baby although the pouch has two nipples. Unlike a kangaroo, the pouch opens backwards, which would prevent it from filling with dirt as it crawls into its burrow. The young wombat lives in the pouch for about six months, and finally becomes independent of the mother at about 18 months of age. Wombats live for about five years, although some in captivity have lived for 26 years.

Wombats live in burrows that they dig with their sharp claws. They are nocturnal animals, and come out their burrows in the evening to look for food. It is a herbivore, so it only eats grass, tree and shrub roots, bark, leaves, and fungi. Wombat faeces are cube shaped. The wombat will use them to mark things in its territory, so it is common to find the cubes on top of leaves, rocks, and branches. Because of their shape they do not roll off.

The burrows can be as small as two metres or as long as 30 metres. They dig with their front feet, kick the soil backwards with their back feet, and then use their rump like a bulldozer to push the dirt out of the burrow. Only one wombat lives in each burrow, but wombats may have up to four burrows in the area they live.

Farmers see the Common Wombat as a pest. It often destroys fences by burrowing, and the burrow openings are a danger to grazing animals. It is still common in Australia, but the areas it lives in are being reduced because of land clearing for farms.

The common wombat has no natural predators. It is not scared of people and is often seen in camping areas. They can make good pets.

Chimpanzee

The common or robust chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes"), is a species of great ape. 

The common chimpanzee is often called the chimpanzee (or "chimp"), but that may mean both species in the genus "Pan": the common chimpanzee and the closely related bonobo.

Evidence from fossils and DNA sequencing show both species of chimpanzees are the closest living relatives to modern humans.

The common chimpanzee is more robust than the bonobo, weighing between and measuring approximately . Its gestation period is eight months. The infant is weaned at about three years old, but usually maintains a close relationship with its mother for several more years; it reaches puberty at the age of eight to 10, and its lifespan in captivity is about 50 years.

The common chimpanzee lives in groups which range from 15 to 150 members, although individuals travel and forage in much smaller groups during the day. The species lives in a male-dominated strict hierarchy. Disputes can generally be settled without the need for violence.

Nearly all chimpanzee populations have been seen using tools, modifying sticks, rocks, grass, and leaves. They use them for getting honey, termites, ants, nuts, and water. The species has also been seen making sharpened sticks to spear Senegal bushbabies out of small holes in trees. So although it is mainly a herbivore, it does eat other animals to some extent.

The common chimpanzee is listed on the IUCN Red List as an endangered species. There are between 170,000 and 300,000 individuals. They live in the forests and savannahs of West and Central Africa. The biggest threats to the common chimpanzee are habitat destruction, poaching and disease.

Jane Goodall discovered that chimps hunt and eat smaller primates such as "Colobus" monkeys. Goodall watched a hunting group isolate a monkey high in a tree, block all possible exits. Then one chimpanzee climbed up and captured and killed the monkey. The others then each took parts of the carcass, sharing with other members of the troop in response to begging behaviours. The chimps at Gombe kill and eat as much as "one-third of the "Colobus" population" in the park each year. This was a major scientific discovery: it challenged previous ideas of chimp diet and behavior.

Also startling, and disturbing, was the tendency for aggression and violence "within" chimpanzee troops. Goodall observed dominant females deliberately killing the young of other females in the troop in order to maintain their dominance, sometimes going as far as cannibalism.

She says of this revelation, "During the first ten years of the study I had believed […] that the Gombe chimpanzees were, for the most part, rather nicer than human beings. […] Then suddenly we found that chimpanzees could be brutal—that they, like us, had a darker side to their nature". These findings revolutionized our knowledge of chimpanzee behaviour. They were further evidence of the social similarities between humans and chimpanzees, albeit in a much darker manner.

If they can, male chimpanzees try to kill the male members of neighbouring groups. Males work together when they spot a chance to make a lightning raid on an isolated male from the other group. They kill him. In Gombe, Tanzania, a group in the 1970s was seen to kill seven of their neighbours one by one, until all were gone. It can take years for this to happen but, when it does, the remaining females and the neighbouring territory are added to the now larger group. Attacks like this are carefully planned, done only when success is likely, and carried out in silence. Their behaviour is quite different from any other behaviour known in chimpanzees:

The advantage for the males that win is to breed more children. Their tribe also holds a larger territory, and so has access to more food. Several authors have drawn a connection between this behaviour and the origins of human warfare.

Bonobo

The bonobo ("Pan paniscus") is a great ape and the smaller of the two species making up the genus "Pan" (the other is "Pan troglodytes", the common chimpanzee). The bonobo is sometimes called the dwarf or pygmy chimpanzee. Although the name "chimpanzee" is sometimes used to refer to both species together, it is usually understood to mean the common chimpanzee, while "Pan paniscus" is usually referred to as the bonobo.

The bonobo lives in rain forest, in a area south of the Congo River. This is in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central Africa.

The bonobo has high levels of sexual behavior. Sex functions in conflict appeasement, affection, social status, excitement, and stress reduction. It occurs in virtually all partner combinations and in a variety of positions. This may explain the lower levels of aggression in the bonobo as compared to the common chimpanzee and other apes. Bonobos are matriarchal and a male's rank in the social hierarchy is often determined by his mother's rank.

The two chimpanzee species are separated by the huge Congo River. Its formation 1.5–2 million years ago may have led to the speciation of the bonobo. Their population is between 29,000 and 50,000 individuals. The species is listed as Endangered on the IUCN Red List. It is threatened by habitat destruction, human population growth and commercial poaching. The bonobo lives for about 40 years in captivity, though its lifespan in the wild is unknown.

Genoa

Genoa (, Ligurian: "Zena, Zêna") is a city and capital of the Liguria region in Italy. The population of Genoa in 2006 was 620,316. It is the most important seaport in Italy. Before Italy was united into one country in the 1800s, Genoa was a republic that also included the island of Corsica. Genoa was famous for its merchants, or traders, who traded everywhere from England to Istanbul. Famous Genoese people include, Andrea Doria, Niccolò Paganini, and Christopher Columbus.


Liguria

Liguria (, ]; Ligurian: "Ligûria" ]) is a region of Northern Italy. The capital is Genoa.
The population was about 1,610,134 in 2005.



Royal Opera House

The Royal Opera House is a famous opera house in London. Sometimes it is called "Covent Garden" because it is in the area of London called Covent Garden. The Royal Opera House is the home of the Royal Opera and the Royal Ballet. There is an orchestra which plays there for all the operas and ballets.

The building that is now the Royal Opera House is the third building in that place. The first theatre to be built there in 1732 was burnt down in 1808. The second theatre opened in 1809 but was burnt down in 1856. Today's building was built in 1858, although a lot of it was rebuilt between 1996 and 2000. The auditorium (the main part where the audience sits) is nearly the same, but all the backstage rooms are new: the dressing rooms, rehearsal rooms, office space etc. There is an extra small theatre called the Linbury Theatre which is used for smaller performances. Together with the new restaurant areas it has helped to get more young people to come.

The Royal Opera House seats 2,268 people. There are seats downstairs (the stalls), four tiers of boxes, a balcony and a gallery.

The conductor ("Musical Director") of the Royal Opera House Orchestra is Antonio Pappano who is a young British conductor.


Kalahasti

Kalahasti is a place in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus. In Kalhasti, there is a famous and ancient temple of Shiva, a god of Hindus. The temple is one of the five such temples of Shiva in south India collectively known as Pancha Bootha Sthalams. The other four such temples are at Kanchipuram, Thiruvanaikaval, Tiruvannamalai, and Chidambaram.

In this temple, people worship Shiva in the form of a linga. There are many mythological stories about this linga. One of the stories tell that an elephant, a snake, and a spider used to worship this linga. The god Shiva blessed them with moksha (liberation).

Another story tells about a saint named Kannappa. He took out his eyes and offered the same to the linga. At this supreme sacrifice, Shiva became very happy. He appeared in the form of a human being, and restored the eyesight of Kannappa. Kannappa is worshipped as one of the 63 saiva saints in Tamil Nadu.

Sri Kalahasti temple, 36 km away is famous for its Vayudeva temple, which is the only shrine of the god of wind in India. Constructed in the 12th century by the Chola king, Rajarajendra, Vayu is incarnated as Lord Shiva and worshipped as Kalahasteeswara.

This is an important temple dedicated to Lord Shiva. This temple has one of the elemental lingas, the vayu (air) linga. There is a lamp inside the inner sanctum that is constantly flickering despite the lack of air movement inside. The air-linga can be observed to move even when the pujaris close off the entrance to the main Deity room, which does not have any windows. You can see the flames on several ghee lamps flicker as if blown by moving air. The linga is white and is considered Swayambhu, or self-manifested.

Kalahasti is surrounded by two sacred hills. The Durgamba temple is on the northern hill. On the south hill there is the shrine of Kannabeswara, in memory of the Sage Kannappa, who offered an eye to the Lord. When he tried to offer his other eye as well, the Lord mercifully stopped him. There is also a temple dedicated to Subramanya on one of the surrounding hills.

The main linga is untouched by human hands, even by the priest. Abhisheka (bathing) is done by pouring a mixture of water, milk, camphor, and panchamrita. Sandal paste, flowers and the sacred thread are offered to the utsava-murti, not the main linga. 

This temple is one of the most impressive Siva temples in India. It features an enormous, ancient gopuram (tower) over the main gate. The tower is 36.5m (120 feet) high. The entire temple is carved out of the side of a huge stone hill. It was built in1516 by King Krishnadeva Raya.

The temple is run by neatly dressed Saivite Brahmins.


Raidas

Guru Ravidas, also spelt as Raidas, was an Indian saint and poet of 15th century. He belonged to a family of leather workers, he even claimed to be an "achhoot" or untouchable. Some of his verses found place in Guru Granth Sahib, the main text of Sikhism.

Mirabai, a Rajput lady of a royal family of Rajasthan, was one of the followers of Guru Ravidas. They follow his teachings and consider him their Guru, the teacher. 

Guru Raidas wrote poems in Braj Bhasha. A few of his poems are ""ab kaise chutey ram nam"", ""aasi Lal tujh binu"".

Guru Raidas refuted the prevalent Caste System of the time and stated that all people were equally cared upon by god. He also, like many contemporary Bhakti saints, refuted complex Brahminical Rituals and Sacrifices, in favour of true and complete devotion to god by means of song, dance, or "japa" (simple chanting of god's name).


Rishi

Rishi is a word used in many Hindu scriptures. A simple translation of the word into English would mean a sage. Hindu scriptures and Hindu mythology tell about a number of rishis. They describe a rishi as an old person, with a lot of knowledge and wisdom. They also say that some of the rishis had great powers, and sometimes even some gods of Hindus like Indra were afraid of rishis. Some of the rishis were famous for becoming angry very quickly and easily. Their anger sometimes resulted in the rishis cursing people. A female is called a Rishika.

Rishis used to live in deep forests. Many young men from villages and towns also lived with them as their students and disciples. Rishis taught them in schools called Gurukuls. After education, these young men returned to live with their families. However, some of them shall always remain with the rishis as their disciples. Sometimes, even kings and other members of the ruling families would go to them to seek advice and blessings. Sometimes these rishis and their disciples would go to the royal courts and participate in discussions there. 

Seven such rishis were the most famous. Hindu scriptures have named them as "saptarishis", that is, the seven sages. The seven sages were Kashyapa, Atri, Vashitha, Vishvamitra, Gautam, Jamdagni, and Bharadvaja. According to Hindu mythology, these seven sages had become like divine beings. Ancient astrology of Hindus identified these seven sages with the stars of the sky, the Great Bear. Their wives formed the Pleiades.

Tiruvannamalai

Tiruvannamalai is a place in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus. In Tiruvannamalai, there is a famous and ancient temple of Shiva, a god of Hindus. The temple is one of the five such temples of Shiva in south India. 

In this temple, people worship Shiva in the form of a linga. Many Hindus go to this place all around the year. In the months of November and December, a festival lasting for ten days takes place. During this festival, people light up an entire hill near Tiruvannamalai.



Vishvamitra

Vishvamitra is the name of a rishi (sage) of ancient India. This is a Sanskrit word, and its translation is: ""universal friend, that is, a friend of everybody"". Vishvamitra wrote many verses of the Vedas, especially the Rig Veda and the Atharva Veda. 

The Hindu scriptures have many stories about Vishvamitra. One of them tell about the competition between another rishi named Vashistha. Both wanted to become priests of big royal families of ancient India.


Rabindranath Tagore

Rabindranath Tagore (), who is popularly called "Kabiguru", was born on 7 May 1861. His name is written as Rabindranath Tagore in many languages of India. He was a poet, philosopher, and artist. He wrote many stories, novels, poems, and dramas. He is also very well known for composing music. He wrote the national anthems of both India and Bangladesh. His writings greatly influenced Bengali culture during the late 19th century and early 20th century. In 1913, he became the first Asian to win the Nobel Prize in Literature.

His major works include "Gitanjali" ("Song Offerings"), a world-famous poetry book; "Gora" ("Fair-Faced"); "Ghare-Baire" ("The Home and the World"); and many other works of literature and art. Tagore was also a cultural reformer and modernized Bengali art. He made it possible to make art using different forms and styles.

Tagore died on August 7, 1941 ("Baishey Shrabon" in Bengali, 22nd Shrabon).

Tagore was born on 7th May in 1861,at Jorasanko in Calcutta. He was the youngest son of his parents. His father was Debendranath Tagore. His mother was Sharada Devi.

Rabindranath Tagore was admitted to school. But he did not like the still education. So he was educated at home He wrote his first poem when he was eight years old. In 1877, at the age of 16, Tagore published his first large poetry collection and wrote his first short story and dramas.

In February 1873, at age 11, Tagore went on a tour of India with his father. They visited many places like Amritsar in Punjab, and Dalhousie in the Himalayas. Tagore also visited his father's estate at Shantiniketan. There he read biographies and studied history, astronomy, modern science, and Sanskrit. He also read works of Kalidas.

During this time, Tagore also composed many literary works. Tagore wrote a poem in the style of Vidyapati, a famous poet who wrote in Maithili.

In 1878, Tagore went to London. Because wanted to become a barrister. Later he studied at University College London. But in 1880, after Tagore did not do well in school, his father called him back from London. His father arranged a marriage for him with Mrinalini Devi, a girl of ten years. Child marriage was common during that time. They got married on December 9, 1883. Together they had five children.

In 1901, Tagore left Sheildah. He went to Shantiniketan (West Bengal) to build an ashram (which is like a monastery in Indian religions). In English, "Shantiniketan" means "an abode [place] of peace". He built a prayer hall, a school, and a library. He planted many trees and built a garden.

Tagore's wife and two of his children died in Shantiniketan. On January 19, 1905, Tagore's father also died.

By this time, Tagore had started receiving monthly income as part of his inheritance. He also started receiving some royalties for his literary works. He was very popular among readers of the Bengali language, as well as other people who knew his works through translations and reviews. Rabindranath's father bought a large parcel of land in Santiniketan, intending to establish a preparatory school.

On November 13, 1913, Tagore won the Nobel Prize in Literature. The Swedish Academy had selected him based on a small number of his translated works, and his 1912 work of poems named "Gitanjali: Song Offerings".

The British Crown gave Tagore a knighthood in 1915. However, he gave back the title in 1919 to protest the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre in Amritsar. During this massacre, troops of the British Raj killed people who had no weapons.

In 1921, Tagore and an agricultural economist named Leonard K. Elmhirst set up the Institute for Rural Reconstruction in a village named Surul, near Tagore's ashram at Shantiniketan. Tagore recruited many scholars and officials from many countries to help the institute. Its goal was to use schooling to "free village[s] from ... helplessness and ignorance".

In the early 1930s, Tagore also grew more concerned about India's "abnormal caste consciousness" and differences based on castes. He lectured on the evils of such practices and also wrote many poems and dramas on these themes. He also became an activist.

He also founded a school named "Sriniketan" for teaching agriculture and crafts at Surul at a distance of about three kilometers from Shantiniketan.

Even during the last decade of his life, Tagore continued his activism. He criticized Mohandas Gandhi, one of India's leaders, for his comments about an earthquake on January 15, 1934 in Bihar. Gandhi had said the earthquake had happened because God wanted to punish people for practicing casteism.

Tagore also wrote a hundred-line poem about the poverty in Kolkata. Later on, Satyajit Ray based one of his movies on this poem.

During this period, Tagore wrote fifteen volumes of prose-poems. They covered many parts of human life. In his last years, Tagore took an interest in science and wrote a collection of essays. These essays explored biology, physics, and astronomy.

Tagore spent the last four years of his life in poor health. In late 1937, he lost consciousness. He was in a coma for a long time. Eventually, he woke up, but three years later, he went back into a coma. During these years, whenever he was conscious and felt well enough, he wrote poems. These poems talk about how he came close to death. Tagore died on August 7, 1941 at the age of 80 in his childhood home in Kolkata.

Between 1878 and 1932, Tagore visited thirty countries on five continents. His goal was to make his literary works known to people who did not speak Bengali. He also spread his thoughts and ideas, including his political ideas.

In 1912, Tagore went to England. The Anglo-Irish poet William Butler Yeats wrote the preface to the English translation of Tagore's famous book "Gitanjali" ("Song Offerings"). Tagore also met Ezra Pound, Robert Bridges, Ernest Rhys, Thomas Sturge Moore, and many others.

From May 1916 until April 1917, Tagore gave many lectures in Japan. Shortly after returning to India, the 63-year-old Tagore visited Peru at the invitation of the Peruvian government. At the same time, he also visited Mexico. Both governments pledged donations of $100,000 to Tagore's school at Shantiniketan.

On May 30, 1926, Tagore reached Naples, Italy. The next day, he met fascist dictator Benito Mussolini in Rome. On 20 July 1926, Tagore criticized and spoke out against Mussolini.

In July 1927, Tagore and two friends went on a four-month tour of Southeast Asia. They visited Bali, Java (island), Kuala Lumpur, Malacca, Penang, Siam, and Singapore. Later on, Tagore wrote a book named "Jatri" ("The Traveler") about his experiences during these trips.

In early 1930, Tagore left Bengal for a nearly year-long tour of Europe and the United States. In Paris and London, there were displays of his paintings. During this period, Tagore wrote his Hibbert Lectures for the University of Oxford. He also met Aga Khan III.

From June to mid-September 1930, Tagore toured Denmark, Switzerland, and Germany. Next, he toured the Soviet Union.

Tagore's travels gave him the opportunity to talk with many notable persons of his time. They included Henri Bergson, Albert Einstein, Robert Frost, Mahatma Gandhi, Thomas Mann, George Bernard Shaw, H.G. Wells, Subhas Chandra Bose, and Romain Rolland.

Tagore's last trips abroad were his visits to Iran and Iraq in 1932, and to Ceylon in 1933. He visited Iran as a personal guest of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.

Tagore was mainly a poet, but his other writing includes essays, short stories, travelogues, dramas, and thousands of songs. He was also an expert painter.

Many movies also have soundtracks featuring selections from Tagore's songs, the "Rabindra Sangeet".

Tagore also wrote many non-fiction books. These covered many subjects, including the history of India, linguistics, essays and lectures, details of his travels, and other autobiographical things.

One of his famous dramas is 2 plays by Tagore and Dipashri
In 1917, Tagore published a book called "My Reminiscences". In this book, Tagore gives credit to his friend and mentor, Akshay Chowdhury, for influencing him in literature since he was a child. Akshay was the youngest son of Mihir Chandra Chowdhury, whose ancestry was linked with the Dutta Chowdhury (Chowdhuries) family of Andul. Rabindranath used to call Akshay "Akshay Babu".

Akshay Chowdhury, Romesh Chandra Dutt, and Jyotiridranath Tagore were classmates at Hindu School in Kolkata. Because of this, Akshay developed a strong, friendly relationship with the Tagore family.

Rabindranath wrote that he loved to discuss high-level literature in detail with "Akshay Babu". At times, Akshay and his wife, Sarat Kumari Chaudhurani, used to participate in long talks about literature in a garden at "Thakur Bari".

Tagore was also a musician and painter. He wrote around 2,230 songs. People call these songs "Rabindra Sangeet" (which means "Tagore Song" in English). These songs are now a part of modern Bengali culture. Tagore's many poems and songs are parts of his novels and stories.

His songs and music cover many aspects of human emotion, devotional hymns, and love songs. In most Bengali-speaking families, people sing "Rabindra Sangeet"'.

Music critic Arther Strangeways of "The Observer" first introduced Tagore's songs to non-Bengalis through his book "The Music of Hindustan". The book describes Tagore Song as a "vehicle of a personality ... [that goes] behind this or that system of music to that beauty of sound which all systems put out their hands to seize." Rabindra Sangeet has two great works, which are now national anthems of two countries: India and Bangladesh. This makes Tagore the only person in the world to have written the national anthems of two nations. They are Bangladesh's "Amar Sonaar Baanglaa" and India's "Jana Gana Mana". "Rabindrasangit". They are also influenced by musicians like Vilayat Khan, Buddhadev Dasgupta, and composer Amjad Ali Khan.

At age 60, Tagore took an interest in drawing and painting. He used many styles from different parts of the world. His styles included craftwork by the Malanggan people of northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the Pacific Northwest region of North America, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein. Sometimes, Tagore used his handwriting in artistic styles on his manuscripts. His drawings and paintings were displayed in France and London.

When he was 16 years old, he performed in a drama organized by his brother, Jyotirindranath Tagore. When Tagore was 20 years old, he wrote a drama named "Valmiki Pratibha" ("The Genius of Valmiki"). This described the life of Valmiki, a man who stopped being a robber and became a learned person, his blessing from the goddess Saraswati, and his writing of the Ramayana.

Another notable play by him is "Dak Ghar" ("The Post Office"), which describes how a child tries to escape from his confinement and falls asleep. This sleeping is suggestive of death. This play received reviews in many parts of Europe. In 1890, he wrote "Visarjan" ("Sacrifice"). Many scholars believe this to be his finest drama. The Bangla-language original versions included intricate sub-plots and extended monologues. He wrote many other dramas on a variety of themes. In Tagore's own words, he wrote them as "the play of feeling and not of action". Rabindra Nritya Natya means dance dramas based on Tagore's plays.

Tagore wrote many stories. "Galpaguchchha" (Bunch of Stories) is a three-volume collection of eighty-four of his stories. Tagore wrote about half of these stories during the period from 1891 to 1895. This collection continues to be very popular work of Bangla literature. These stories have been used for many movies and theatrical plays.

Tagore drew inspiration and ideas for writing his stories from his surroundings, from the village life of India. He saw the poor people very closely during travels to manage his family's large landholdings. Sometimes he used different themes to test the depth of his intellect.

Tagore's poetry is very varied and covers many styles. He drew inspiration from 15th and 16th century poets and from ancient writers like Vasa. Bengal's Baul folk singers were also influenced by his style of poetry. He wrote many poems when he was at Shelidah managing his family's estates. Many of his poems have a lyrical quality. These poems tell about the "man within the heart" and the "living God within". Over the next 70 years, he repeatedly revised his style of writing poetry. In 1930s, he wrote many experimental works of poetry, and also used modernism and realism in his works.

One of his poems reads "all I had achieved was carried off on the golden boat; only I was left behind". Tagore is known around the world for his "Gitanjali" ("Song Offerings"), his best-known collection, which won him his Nobel Prize. A freeverse translation by Tagore of a verse of "Gitanjali" reads as follows:

Tagore is the only person to have written anthems for three countries.


Tagore's political views were complicated. He criticized European colonialism and supported Indian nationalists. But he also criticized the Swadeshi movement that many nationalist leaders in India liked. He liked self-help and learning. He asked Indians to accept "there can be no question of blind revolution, but of steady and purposeful education". Many people did not like his thinking. In late 1916, some Indians plotted to kill him when he was staying in a hotel in San Francisco, USA. When they saw him face-to-face, however, they instead started arguing with Tagore and changed their minds about killing him. Tagore also wrote many songs praising the Indian independence movement. He also returned the British honor of Knighthood as a protest against the 1919 Amritsar massacre. In Amritsar, troops of the British Raj had opened fire on unarmed civilians, killing many. Despite his unfriendly relations with Gandhi, Tagore played a key role in resolving a Gandhi-B. R. Ambedkar dispute which was about separate electorates for untouchables. Untouchables were people considered lowest in the social order. Rabindranath Tagore helped the freedom of India. He was first to identify the theme of ""Globalization"".
<nowiki>Insert non-formatted text here</nowiki>

Tagore was also critical about the traditional style of education. While on a visit to Santa Barbara, California on October 11, 1917, he thought of a new type of education: a new type of university which he wanted to set up at Shantiniketan. On December 22, 1918, work for building the new university began. It opened on December 22, 1921. He named the university Visva-Bharati University. Tagore worked hard to raise funds for the university, and he toured many parts of Europe and the United States for this purpose. He gave all his Nobel Prize money to this university. The university gave personal guidance to all students. Students lived close to nature, and the teacher-student relationship followed a pattern of the gurukul system of ancient India. In his own words, he wanted this university to become "a world center for the study of humanity ... somewhere beyond the limits of nation and geography".

He also had a dream for the future India. He wanted India's freedom from the British rule. He dreamt of an India "where the mind is without fear it is ".

Even many decades after his death, people hold festivals in his honor in many parts of the world. Examples include the following:

Nobel laureate Amartya Sen, who is also a Bengali, once noted that even for modern Bengalis, Tagore was a "towering figure", being a "deeply relevant and many-sided contemporary thinker".

Tagore's collected 1939 Bangla-language writings (Rabīndra Rachanāvalī) are one of Bengal's greatest cultural treasures, and Tagore himself has been proclaimed "the greatest poet India has produced".

He was also famous in much of Europe, North America, and East Asia. Translations of his works are available in many languages, including Russian, English, Dutch, German, and Spanish. In the United States, Tagore gave many lectures during 1916 and 1917. Many people attended those lectures.

Between 1914 and 1922, the Jiménez-Camprubí spouses translated at least twenty-two of Tagore's books from English into Spanish. These Spanish translations influenced many leading figures of Spanish literature, including Pablo Neruda and Gabriela Mistral of Chile; Octavio Paz of Mexico; and José Ortega y Gasset, Zenobia Camprubí, and Juan Ramón Jiménez of Spain

Various composers, including classical composer Arthur Shepherd’s, have set Tagore's poetry to music.



Tamil people

The Tamil people are an ethnic group from South Asia. Traditionally, they have been living in the southern parts of India, and the northeastern parts of Sri Lanka.

The Tamil people number around 74 million in the world. Of that, there are about 63,000,000 in India; about 3,600,000 live in Sri Lanka; about 2,900,000 live in Malaysia; and about 430,000 live in Singapore. The remaining Tamil people live in many other places. Other peoples are related to the Tamil people by language, culture, and ancestry. Some of them are Brahui people, Kannadigas, Malayalis, Telugu people and Tuluvas. Tamil people, are not closely related to people in the Middle East and Europe, except the Romani people.

Tamil people identify themselves with their language, Tamil and their rich culture and literature. In recent times, they have broadened the definition of Tamil people. They now also include descendants of Tamil speaking people even when they no longer speak Tamil language.

The history of Tamil people has three broad time periods as described below.

No one is sure about the exact origins of the Tamil people. Some connect them with the Elamite people of ancient Iran. Historians confirmed with the scripts and names of towns of Indus that the people of the Indus Valley Civilization were Tamil. 

In Tamil Nadu, the earliest presence of Tamil people dates back to around 10000 BC on wards. Archaeologists have found many burial places of megalithic era. The style of burials is same as described in classical Tamil literature. Recent excavations at these sites have also provided samples of early Tamil writing, dating back to at least 5000 BC ("The Hindu", 2005). 

Three royal families emerged in the lands of the Tamil people: the dynasties of the Cholas, Cheras, and the Pandyas. 

At that time, agriculture and trading were two main economic activities of Tamil people. They even traded with many other countries, including places in Europe. In Karur (Tamil Nadu), archaeologists found a large number of coins of Ancient Rome and Egypt. The Pandyas sent at least two ambassadors to the Roman Emperor Augustus. Archaeologists have also found Tamil writings in broken pieces of pottery in the Red Sea, where Tamil Merchants settled there and became one of the Acestor the Romani people, as DNA studys shows.

An unnamed traveler from ancient Greece had described in Greek language ports of the Pandya as "The land of Punt" and Chera kings. He had detailed the items exported by the Tamil people. These items included black pepper, pearls, ivory, silk, diamonds, sapphires, and tortoiseshell.

The classical period ended at around 2nd century. People from northern parts of India invaded the lands of the Tamil people. For Tamil people, this was a dark period of their history called kalapiraras. They are the Jewish Invaders from Western coast of Karnataka and Kerala with help of the local Telugu tribal's who lived in the jungles of Western ghats and chambal. This dark phase ended with the rise of the Pandyas and Pallava dynasty again.

Historical records of ancient Tamil rulers have been destroyed on purpose. Only later pallava period is mentioned during the 6th century, they became powerful after they drove the kalapirars. Later The Pallavas also encouraged the worship of Shiva and Vishnu; and built large temples.

In the 9th century, the Cholas and the Pandyas defeated Pallavas. By the 10th century, the Cholas had established a big empire, covering most of south India and Sri Lanka. They had a strong navy, That reached Thailand, Burma and Sumatra. They also had a strong trading links with China. By the 12th – 13th centuries, the power of the Cholas had declined. For some time, Pandyas became powerful. However, by that time Muslim rulers invaded Tamil lands. The Pandya dynasty came to an end by the 16th century.

Over a period of time, western parts of Tamil lands were developing in a separate manner. By the 13th century, the Cholas and the Pandyas had lost control over these areas. The people living there developed their own language and culture. By the 15th century they had a separate language, Malayalam language, now the language of the Indian state of Kerala.

After 16th century no major rulers emerged to rule Tamil lands. But, there were many smaller local rulers. For some time, rulers from the present day Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh also ruled over the Tamil lands. By the 17th century, Europeans from the United Kingdom, France and Denmark started to establish their settlements in Tamil lands. They fought many battles. Finally, the British won, and by the end of the 18th century, most of the Tamil lands came under the British rule.

Before the deluge at about 11600 yrs, Sri Lanka was a part of Tamil Nadu and Tamil rulers of the ancient pandyas ruled this place.After deluge Sri Lanka separated from Tamil Nadu. One north Indian king of Tamil origin exiled his son Vijayan out of country for his wrongdoing Vijayan with a small troop reached Sri Lanka. The Tamil Nagas, Yakkars and vedars were the original inhabitants of Sri Lanka before Vijanyan's arrival and the land was under Pandiyan control. Pandiyan of Madurai welcomed Vijayan with good heart and facilitated his troops.He sent Tamil girls from Pandiyan kingdom to marry Vijayan and for his troops.The Tamil people ruled parts of Sri Lanka from time to time, and played important role in the ruling of Sri Lanka. In the 10th century, the Chola kings made Sri Lanka a part of their kingdom. This continued until late 11th century.

After decline of the Chola power in Sri Lanka, different rulers ruled Sri Lanka, the Arya Chakaravarthi dynasty from 1215.Thou the name says Arya chakravarthi it is a debate that their surnames says SANGILI which is a pure Tamil origin name of Tamil root. The Arya Chakaravarthi dynasty ruled over large parts of northeast Sri Lanka until 1619. By this time the Portuguese and the Dutch won many areas of Sri Lanka. However, in 1796, the British won entire Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka became part of the British Empire..

During the British Raj, the British combined all Tamil lands and gave them a new name, the Madras Presidency. The Madras Presidency became a part of the British Raj. Similarly, the British combined Tamil lands of Sri Lanka and other regions of Sri Lanka in 1802. This became the Ceylon colony, also a part of the British Empire. When India became independent in 1947, Madras Presidency became a part of India. Ceylon became independent in 1948, and the Tamil lands remained a part of independent Ceylon, now called Sri Lanka.

After India’s independence in 1947, Madras Presidency became Madras State. It covered the areas of present-day Tamil Nadu, coastal parts of Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, northern Kerala, and the southwest of Karnataka. The Government of India rearranged (1956) the boundaries of many states of India based on language. Thus, the present day state of Tamil Nadu came into existence.

At the beginning, there was a demand for an independent country for the Tamil people. However, the constitution of India gave major rights to the states, and protected the speakers of regional languages from compulsory speaking and use of Hindi. This satisfied most of the Tamil people, and presently there is no demand for a separate country for Tamil people outside the federal system of India.

However, in Sri Lanka, the government did not give sufficient rights to people who spoke Tamil language. During 1970s, this led to a demand for independence of Tamil people and the Sri Lankan Civil War.

Tamil people live in many geographical regions. Sections below describe them.

Most of the Tamil people of India live in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Most of the people living in Pondicherry of India are also Tamil people.

Tamil people have been traditionally living in some other parts of India - for examples, Hebbar and Mandyam Tamils of southern Karnataka, the Tamils of Palakkad in Kerala, and the Tamils of Pune, Maharashtra. For last one hundred years or so, Tamil people went to many other parts of India for jobs or business. Some of them settled in these places.

Presently, there are two groups of Tamils in Sri Lanka. The first group is Sri Lankan Tamils. They are descendants of the Tamil people who lived in the old Jaffna kingdom or who migrated to the East coast. The second group is Hill Country Tamils. They descended from the Tamil people who went to Sri Lanka from India as laborers in the 19th century-early 20th century. The first group mostly lives in the northern and eastern parts of Sri Lanka. The second group mostly live in the central highlands.

In 1949, some political developments in Sri Lanka were adverse for Tamil people of Sri Lanka. Many Tamils people lost their citizenship of being citizens of Sri Lanka. Under an agreement between the governments of India and Sri Lanka, about 40% of these Tamils could get back their citizenship. Many others had to shift to India. These developments brought the two groups of the Tamil people of Sri Lanka closer. By 1990s, most of the Tamil people had got back their citizenship.

Beginning from the 18th century, many poor Tamil people went as laborers to many countries of the British Empire. Some of these countries were Malaya, South Africa, Fiji, Mauritius and the Caribbean. At the same time, many Tamil businessmen also went to places in Burma and East Africa. Many Tamils still live in these countries.

Special mention may be made of Singapore. The government has made Tamil language as one of the national languages although only 4.2% of the people speak Tamil language in Singapore.

By 1980s many Tamil people of Sri Lanka were facing ethnic conflicts. Many of them fled to Australia, Europe, North America and Southeast Asia. Today, the largest concentration of Tamils outside southern Asia is in Toronto, Canada.

In recent years, many young Tamil professionals from India (particularly computer programmers) have gone to Europe and the United States.

Tamil people call their language as "the Tamil mother." They identify themselves based on their language.

Tamil language, like other languages of south India, is one of the Dravidian languages. It is not related to the Indo-European languages of the north India. Although modern speakers of Tamil language use a number of words of Sanskrit and English, Tamil language has maintained its original classical character. The Government of India has recently recognized Tamil language as one of the classical languages of India.

Classical Tamil literature is varied. For example, they cover poetry and lyrics; works of ethics and philosophy; and many other types of literary works. Notable works in classical Tamil literature include the Tirukkural by Thiruvalluvar, The Five Great Epics of Tamil Literature and the works of Auvaiyar. Over many centuries, the written Tamil has changed very little. Thus, even modern Tamil people are able to read and enjoy these classical literary works.

Modern Tamil literature is also varied. It has many aspects: for example, Indian nationalism, historical romanticism, and social realism. In recent years, many works of Tamil language in Sri Lanka describe the tragedy of ethnic conflict and civil war. Tamil people living in many other places have also produced literary works.

Some of the note-worthy poets are Bharathiyar, Barathidasen, etc... of end of 19th century who depicts the originality of Tamil culture and India, penned several notarary poems on Tamil and National interest.

Tamil visual arts have three main forms: architecture, sculpture and painting. The theme is generally religious, showing aspects of Hinduism.

Tanjore painting is the most important form of painting of Tamil people. The painting originated in a place named Tanjore (modern name: Thanjavur). This style of painting originated in the 9th century. In this style of painting, the painter paints on a piece of cloth. Sometimes, the painter also decorates the painting with threads of gold and silver, and precious gems. There is one other type of important painting style. Painters make paintings on the walls of temples. Tamil paintings use rich colors and show minute details.

In their sculpture, artists use bronze. Several pieces of sculptures are found throughout Tamil Nadu, particularly in temples. Most of them are very old, dating from the 7th century onwards. The sculptures show very minute details, including details of ornaments and dress. Many sculptures also show movement with fine details. Two important examples of such sculptures are: the cave sculptures at Mamallapuram and Nataraja statue at Chidambaram.

There are many temples in the lands of Tamil people. The gates of these temples, called Gopuram, are higher than other parts. Earlier Gopurams were simple in construction. From 13th century onwards, they became bigger and have engravings and paintings. The engravings and paintings show scenes and characters from Hindu mythology. Temples at Thanjavur. Chidambaram and Srirangam are very big and fine examples of temples of Tamil people.

Tamil art is an important tradition of Indian art.

The Tamil people have many performing arts. The classical Tamil literature has many details of these performing arts.

Classical music of Tamil people is carnatic music. The classical Tamil literature records details about the carnatic music. This is a vocal music with use of musical instruments. Carnatic music is completely religious.

Tamil folk music is very different from the carnatic music. The folk music shows a lot of excitement. The songs may convey folklore and other popular tales.

Bharatanatyam is the main dance of the Tamil people. Generally one dancer performs this dance. The dance tells a story through movements of parts of body, particularly hands. Until 1930s, girls known as devadasis performed this dance in temples. Now, it has become common, and there are many famous dancers who perform this dance. Tamil people also have many types of folk dances performed in villages. Sometimes they perform such a dance before the village goddess called Mariamma.

Tamil people also have a long tradition of theatrical performance. In villages, performers perform in the open. They dance and sing, and some times tell stories. These stories may be religious stories or on any other topic.

Tamil Nadu has a well-developed tradition of stage theatre tradition. Presently, both classical and folk performing arts survive in modern Tamil society.

Tamil people like to watch movies. Tamil movies are famous for technical details, artistic presentation, and entertainment. Most of the Tamil movies will have some songs and dances. Kollywood is the popular term for the Tamil film industry

Most of the Tamil people are Hindus. However, many are Muslims and Christians. At one time, Jainism was one of the major religions of Tamil people. However, presently there are only few thousand Tamil Jains.

In Tamil Hinduism, the most popular deity is god named Murugan. He is a form of Karthikeya, the son of Shiva. The Tamil people also worship mother goddess Amman or Mariamman. Many Tamil people also worship Kannagi, a folk heroine. Throughout Tamil lands, there are many temples of Shiva, Vishnu, and Ganesha (Ganpathi). In rural areas of Tamil Nadu, people worship many local gods and goddesses. They call them aiyyanar.

There were many saints known as Alvars and Nayanars. In the 10th century, Ramanuja propagated his philosophy about worship and also accepted lower caste-Hindus as his disciples. There were many other notable Tamil saints. The Ramayana has many parts based in Tamil regions and according to legends, many of Rama's soldiers were Tamil people.

The most important Tamil festivals are Pongal and the Tamil New Year. Pongal is a harvest festival and people celebrate this in mid-January. Tamil people also celebrate Diwali. Two other important Hindu festivals of Tamil people are Thaipusam, and Adipperukku.

The most important Tamil Muslims festivals are Eid al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha.

A Tamil legend states that the Cholas, Chera and Pandyan kings fought many wars in the 1st century. The war lasted for about one hundred years. During this period, the Tamil people perfected many martial arts. All these styles of martial arts still exist. They also developed many weapons.

There are many types of martial arts. For example, in a special type of martial art called Silambam, a person would use a stick of about 1.6 meters long. By moving the stick he would try to defend against attack by several persons. In another type of martial art, persons get training to defend themselves without using any weapons, by using their hands and legs.

Varma Kalai (Tamil: வர்மக்கலை) is a martial art and esoteric healing art originating from ancient Tamil Nadu in South India. The name literally translate as "The Art of Vital Points". It is an element of the Tamil martial art Kuttu varisai.[1]

In some parts of Tamil Nadu, notably Alanganallur (near Madurai), some Tamil people hold annual event around Pongal festival: called " Manju virattu " in Tamil (bullfighting}).

Periyar E. V. Ramasamy, a social leader of Tamil people started a movement named Self-respect Movement. It was to promote self-respect and remove social evils like casteism. Many people call this movement as the Dravidian movement. All political parties of Tamil Nadu draw their principles from this movement.

Scholars of India and Sri Lanka have developed a vocabulary in Tamil language for words of science and technology.

In the 1960s, the government of Tamil Nadu held a World Tamil Conference. The Conference has been meeting regularly.

In 1999, many Tamil people organized a World Tamil Confederation. Its purpose is to protect and promote Tamil culture and bring a sense of togetherness amongst Tamils in different countries. The Confederation has since adopted a Tamil flag and Tamil song to act as symbols for the Tamil people living in different countries. The words on the flag quote the opening line of a poem by the classical poet Kaniyan Pungundranar. These words mean: “All lands are our home; all people are our kin.”

In Sri Lanka, the Federal Party (later the Tamil United Liberation Front) took the lead in Tamil politics. However, by 1980s, political movements took a back seat in Tamil politics of Sri Lanka. Many military groups had started conflicts, and a civil war broke out. The Tamil Tigers emerged as the most important force amongst these military groups. The Tamil Tigers are fighting to establish its own government in areas where Tamil people are in majority. Presently they control many areas, and are negotiating for peace.



Down syndrome

Down syndrome (or trisomy 21) is a genetic disorder. Most people with Down Syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21, or part of it.

Down syndrome causes a mental handicap. It may be mild or severe. The average IQ of a young adult with Down syndrome is 50, equivalent to the mental age of an 8- or 9-year-old child, but it truly depends on the person. This can vary widely, but most individuals need supervision if they are to live their lives in a satisfactory way. Children who have this condition take more time to learn new things.

The condition is named after John Langdon Down, the British doctor who first described it in 1866. He called it "mongoloid idiocy" because he thought that children with Down syndrome had faces like that of Blumenbach's Mongolian race (a historical categorization now "East Asian"). The term "mongoloid idiocy" is not used today; it is considered an offensive term. 

There is discrimination against people with Down syndrome, both in the education system and in society in general. Some people with the condition may have average intelligence but may also have other noticeable features of the disability. For example, people with Down syndrome often have a different shape of eyes than those without the syndrome. Some people with the condition have severe learning difficulties.

Of every 800 to 1000 babies that are born, one is diagnosed with Down syndrome. Older women have a higher chance of having a baby with Down syndrome. If they have a procedure known as amniocentesis, pregnant mothers can be told whether their foetus has Down syndrome. Sound scans may also diagnose the presence of Down Syndrome. Mothers whose foetus is diagnosed as having Downs syndrome may choose to have an abortion. In the United Kingdom and Europe 92% of such cases are aborted.

There are several options for care of individuals with Down syndrome as they grow older; many individuals are able to live independently or with the support of a PCA.

They also grow differently from other children. Babies with down syndrome can be identified at birth because they may have a specific set of physical features. These features include narrow eyes, a flat nose-bridge, smaller mouths and shorter fingers. Smaller mouths can result in tongue protrusion or what looks like a large tongue. Sometimes the little fingers curve inwards as well, and there is also often a space between the big toe and the others. People with Down syndrome often have heart defects or Alzheimer's disease when they are older. About 90% of people with Down syndrome live through their teens. The lifespan of a person with Down syndrome averages between 50 and 55 years old.

So far there have been no treatments for Down syndrome.

Down syndrome comes from a problem with the genes. Humans are diploid organisms. This means that for each chromosome, there are two copies, one from the mother, and one from the father. During meiosis the number is reduced to one set of chromosomes. People with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21, or part of it.

There are three ways that Down syndrome is caused. The most common cause of Down syndrome is trisomy. Trisomy is when the child receives two chromosomes from the mother and one from the father. This makes it so there are three chromosomes of chromosome #21. Another way Down syndrome is caused is when new cells are made. Sometimes even when the parent cells are normal chromosome 21 can be deformed when cells reproduce. This makes it so some cells have 47 chromosomes and others have 46. This is called a mosaic disorder. Mosaic means that they have a third chromosome from the replication of cells. The third way Down syndrome can be caused is called translocation. This happens when a normal chromosome breaks into two pieces. This results in three chromosomes.










For comprehensive lists of Down syndrome links see
By Country


Genetic disorder

A genetic disorder is a health problem caused by abnormalities in the genome. They are heritable, and "may" be passed down from the parents' genes to their children and to later generations. If a genetic disorder is present from birth, it is described as a congenital defect. Some defects only show up in later life. 

The mutation responsible can occur spontaneously before the embryo develops, or it can be inherited from parents who are carriers of a faulty gene.

There are "well over 6,000 known genetic disorders", and new genetic disorders are constantly being found. More than 600 genetic disorders are treatable. Around 1 in 50 people are affected by a known single-gene disorder, while around 1 in 263 are affected by a disorder caused by their chromosomes. Parts of a chromosome may be absent, or duplicated. 

About "65% of people have some kind of health problem as a result of congenital genetic mutations". About 1 in 21 people are affected by a genetic disorder classified as "rare" (less than 1 in 2,000 people). Most genetic disorders are rare in themselves. They may affect one person in every several thousands or even millions. Sometimes they are relatively frequent in a population. If they are frequent, it suggests these recessive gene disorders give an advantage in certain environments when only one copy of the gene is present. Sickle cell anaemia is an example of this.

The same disease, such as some forms of cancer, may be caused by an inherited genetic condition in some people, by new mutations in other people, and by nongenetic causes in still other people. A disease is only called a genetic disease if it can be inherited at birth. The particular defect may only show up later in life.


Umberto Eco

Umberto Eco (January 5, 1932 – February 19, 2016) was an Italian writer and professor of medieval history in Bologna.

Eco was born in 1932 in northern Italy.

As a student, he studied philosophy, history, literature, and .
He finished his studies in 1954 with a doctoral thesis about Thomas Aquinas. In 1962, he married.

His career as an author began with "" in 1980, after he had already written many academic papers.

Eco was born on January 5, 1932 in Alessandria. His family had 13 sons. He studied philosophy and humanities at the . He received a Ph.D. there.

Eco worked as a professor in different places. Starting in 1971, he held the chair of semiotics at the University of Bologna. At a university, a "chair" is the highest rank a professor can earn. He was also given honorary degrees by thirty different universities.

He had been named satrap of for his humorous works. One of his most important books is "How to Travel with a Salmon."

He was a member of UNESCO's Council of Sages. In 2000, he received the for Communications and Humanities.

Eco worked in the mass media as well, creating cultural programs. His interests were the Middle Ages, languages, and the classics. He was also an expert on James Bond.

On February 19, 2016, Eco died at his home in Milan, Italy, of pancreatic cancer. He was 84.



Balloon

A balloon is a bag that is usually filled with gas. This gas can be helium, hydrogen, or air. 

Throughout the 19th century, balloons were made out of animal bladders. Nowadays, balloons are made from a thin and stretchy material like rubber or plastic. Big balloons are made from fabric. 

Balloons are used for many purposes.

Most small balloons are made for parties or hiccup cures. These balloons are sometimes made to look like animals. 

Some balloons are very big. Big balloons are used for people to fly into the sky. Big balloons are called aircraft. Most balloon aircraft are filled with hot air. They are called hot air balloons.

Balloons can also be filled with water. They are called "water balloons". Water balloons are a kind of toy, best known for its use of water balloon fights.


Einsteinium

Einsteinium is a chemical element with the atomic number 99. It is a synthetic element, so all isotopes are radioactive.

Einsteinium is the 7th element in the actinide series. The most stable isotope of Einsteinium has 99 protons and electrons and 153 neutrons. There are 19 different (radioactive) isotopes. 
Einsteinium is named after Albert Einstein. It was found for the first time in 1952 by Albert Ghiorso and his team of scientists in the debris of the first hydrogen bomb explosion, and identified as an element at the University of California, Berkeley.

Einsteinium isotopes have a half-life between 40 and 471 days. 

Einsteinium has been used to create the element Mendelevium for the first time in 1955, although no practical uses are known. It has been used before as a calibration marker in a chemical analysis spectrometer.

Vulva

The vulva is the part of the body of female mammals (including women) where the outside parts of the reproductive system can be seen. The parts of the vulva that can be seen are the:


The mons pubis is the area of skin and fat above the other structures. It protects the other structures below it. The labia majora are thick areas of skin and fat located to the side of the urinary and vaginal openings. Smaller and thinner labia are the labia minora. These structures are connected to the hood of the clitoris . They are close to the vagina. Many people call the vagina when they mean the vulva. The vagina is the "tube" connecting the internal parts (the womb) to the vulva.


Congruence

In geometry, two figures or objects formula_1 and formula_2 are congruent (written as formula_3) if they have the same shape and size, or if one has the same shape and size as the mirror image of the other.

More formally, two sets of points are called congruent, if and only if one can be transformed into the other by isometry. For isometry, "rigid motions" are used.

This means that two geometrical figures are congruent if one object can be repositioned, rotated or reflected—but not resized—so that it coincides exactly with the other object. if one can be moved or rotated so that it fits exactly where the other one is, then the two figures are congruent. If one of the object has to change its size, then the two objects are not congruent: they are just called similar.

As an example, two distinct plane figures on a piece of paper are congruent if we can cut them out and then match them up completely (turning the paper over here is permitted).

Congruent polygons are polygons that if you fold a regular polygon in half that is a congruent polygon.



The following are a few rules to make new shapes congruent to the original one:


The relationship, that "a shape is congruent to another shape", has three famous properties:


The famous three properties, "reflexivity", "symmetry" and "transitivity", together make the notion of "equivalence". Hence, the property congruence is one sort of "equivalence" relation between shapes of a plane.


Deism

Deism is the belief that a higher being (like God) exists, but that the only revelation of God is in nature and reason, not in sacred books or prophets. Deism says that people should rely on logic and reason, and not traditions of a religion that is based on a holy book. People who follow deism are called deists.

Deists believe that a Higher Power created the world. They do not believe that the creation of the universe happened because of a spontaneous event. They usually reject supernatural events like miracles, and believe that God has set up natural laws, which govern how the universe works and how people should act, and does not interfere with these laws. Most deists also see holy books, such as the Bible and Qur'an, as writings made by people, rather than the writings of God.

Famous deists from history include American political leader and inventor Benjamin Franklin, French conqueror Napoleon Bonaparte, French philosopher Voltaire, British philosopher Thomas Paine, and French revolutionary leader Maximilien de Robespierre. Many historians think Thomas Jefferson was a deist, though he didn't say so. 


Cleveland Guardians

The Cleveland Guardians are a Major League Baseball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. They are part of the American League Central Division. Under the team's former name of Cleveland Indians, the Guardians won two World Series championships in 1920 and 1948. Currently, they hold the longest championship drought in MLB.

The team was founded in 1894 in Grand Rapids, Michigan as the Grand Rapids Rustlers, playing in the late-1890s Western League, which became the American League in 1900. In that same year, the team moved to Cleveland, taking the name of Lake Shores. The next year, the team became the Cleveland Bluebirds, also known as Blues. Players didn't like that name, and failed in a try to change the name to "Broncos" in 1902. In that same year, the team traded for star player Nap Lajoie, who later became player-manager, and it soon became known as the "Naps" in his honor. The team was called the Cleveland Naps until Lajoie left at the end of the 1914 season. 

After Lajoie left, the team looked for a new nickname and settled on "Indians" for the 1915 season, partly in honor of the Boston Braves who had won the 1914 World Series. In more modern times, their nickname was often thought to be a poor choice. It is considered offensive to name a team for a race or ethnic group. However, there was no serious effort to change the name until the 21st century. After growing criticism, the team started to move away from the nickname in 2018, retiring its controversial "Chief Wahoo" logo of a caricatured Native American. In 2020, team owner Paul Dolan announced that the "Indians" name would be retired after the 2021 season. The new nickname of Guardians was announced on July 23, 2021. The name refers to the "Guardians of Traffic", statues sculpted into pylons of the Hope Memorial Bridge that crosses the Cuyahoga River near downtown Cleveland. The Cleveland Guardians name took effect on November 19, 2021.

In the 1990s, the then-Indians were in the postseason several times. They made it to the World Series in 1995 and 1997 but lost to the Atlanta Braves and the Florida Marlins respectively. They returned to the World Series in 2016, and again they lost, this time to the Chicago Cubs in seven games. In 2017, they set an American League record of winning 22 straight games. They won 102 games during the season. However, they lost to the New York Yankees in the Division Series.


Friuli Venezia Giulia

Friuli-Venezia Giulia () is a region in the north-east of Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is Trieste. The population is 1,191,588. FVG has a border with the Italian region of Veneto to the west, Austria to the north and Slovenia on the east.

People in this region speak the Italian, Friulian, Slovene and German languages.


Friuli - Venezia Giulia has an area of 7,858 km² and is Italy's most north-eastern region. It is the 5th smallest region in Italy. The Alps lie to the north of the region, and the beaches and cliffs of the Adriatic Sea are on the south edges.

Friulani, Giuliani, Austrian, Slovene and Hungarian influences over the centuries have created a wide range of food and drink typical of the region. Some examples include:


Latin alphabet

The Latin alphabet, also known as the Roman alphabet, is a collection of letters. This alphabet was originally used by the ancient Romans to write the Latin language. Today, we use it to write the English language. 

This alphabet evolved from the Phoenician alphabet. 

Udine

Udine is a city in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy. The population is 96,678.

Günter Grass

Günter Wilhelm Grass (16 October 1927 in Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland) – 13 April 2015 in Lübeck) was a German writer and winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was known for writing the controversial, but yet classic novel "The Tin Drum".

Grass was born in Danzig in 1927 and went to school there. In the World War II he had to serve in the military, afterwards he was a prisoner of war of the U.S. army. In 1945 and 1946 he worked as a stonemason. During the rise of Nazi Germany, Grass drafted into the Waffen-SS, the elite armed wing of the Nazi Party. He revealed this in 2006. He said if he had joined the armed wing when he was older, he would have faced war crimes.

From 1946 he studied arts at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf and the Berlin University of the Arts (Universität der Künste) in West Berlin. He was a member of the German group of writers known as group 47.

He has lived in North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Schleswig-Holstein. He lived in Lübeck. In 1959 he published The Tin Drum (Die Blechtrommel), his most famous work. Grass was always interested in politics and helped in the election campaigns of the SPD. He was a friend of Willy Brandt. Grass was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1999.

Grass died from a lung infection at his home in Lübeck, aged 87.




Occitan language

Occitan is known as lenga d'òc by its native speakers. 

It is a Romance language spoken in the south of France, the Occitan Valleys of Italy, the Val d'Aran of Catalonia and Monaco. The regions together called Occitania. Of course, this is an unofficial name for a region in three countries! Its justification is that it is united by a culture.

Occitan took a different path from Latin to the main official languages. It is sometimes called lenga d'òc ("language of "oc"", French: "langue d'oc") because its word for "yes" is "òc", as opposed to "oil" ("oui") or "sì" in other languages. That is one way to classify Romance languages.

Occitan is an official language of Catalonia. Since September 2010, the Parliament of Catalonia has considered Aranese Occitan to be the officially preferred language for use in the Val d'Aran.


Some of those names (Provençal, Limousin, Gascon) were once used for the whole language.


Bass (singer)

A singer who is a bass is a man with a low singing voice. Some basses may be able to sing down to C two octaves below middle C. Even low A is sometimes needed in Russian church music.

In opera, basses often have the part of the villain, or the king, or a priest. A buffo-bass is a character role in which the bass singer needs a wide range for the comedy of the part. The part of Leporello in Mozart's "Don Giovanni" needs a buffo bass. The lowest kind of bass is called a basso-profondo. An example is the priest Sarastro in Mozart's "Magic Flute".

Feodor Chaliapin (1873-1938) was a famous Russian bass.
Southern gospel singer J.D. Sumner held the world record for lowest bass singer for a number of years, from 1988 until he was beaten by Tim Storms in 2016
A baritone is a voice between tenor and bass in range, but some low baritones describe themselves as bass-baritones. Wotan in "Der Ring des Nibelungen" is a bass-baritone part. Bryn Terfel is a famous Welsh bass-baritone.
Johnny Cash is well known for his bass-baritone voice

Plankton

Plankton are drifting organisms that live in the surface layers of the ocean. They live in the top layer of the ocean, called the epipelagic zone. They are not strong enough to swim against ocean currents. The term is in contrast to nekton, who can control their movements. There are three groups:

Plankton are important in the ocean's food chain. They are the main source of food for almost all fish larvae as they switch from their yolk sacs to catching prey. Basking sharks and blue whales feed on them directly; other large fish feed on them indirectly, by eating fish of smaller size, such as herrings.

The distribution of plankton is governed more by nutrients than by temperature. Large tracts of ocean are blue and sterile. The reason is that these areas lack one or more crucial nutrients for the photosynthetic plankton, upon whom all the others depend. Broadly speaking, areas near land masses get nutrients by rivers and wind. The key nutrient lacking in the Pacific ocean is iron, essential in molecules such as "ferredoxins", iron-sulfur proteins which do electron transfer in a range of metabolic reactions.

Wake Forest University

Wake Forest University is a university found in Winston-Salem, North Carolina . It was started in 1834 in the eastern North Carolina town of Wake Forest. The university was moved to Winston-Salem in 1956. A private school for both men and women, it has been a university since 1967.

The components of Wake Forest University are the Undergraduate College and the Wayne Calloway School of Business and Accountancy, the School of Law, Wake Forest School of Medicine, the Babcock Graduate School of Management, the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, and the Divinity School.

Wake Forest's athletics teams are called the "Deamon Deacons" and they have sixteen varsity teams.

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad (February 13, 1835 – May 26, 1908), was a 19th-century religious leader. He founded the Ahmadiyya movement within Islam. According to Ahmadi doctrine, he was the last prophet, as well as the Mahdi and the Messiah. He is believed by Ahmadis to be the Mujaddid of the 14th Islamic century.

Ghulam was born in Qadian, Punjab in British Raj in 1835 the surviving child of twins born to a rich family. He is reported to have spent a lot of time in the mosque and with the study of the Qur'an and his religion, Islam. This did not lead him to fulfill his father's wishes of his son becoming a lawyer or civil servant. He did attempt to become a lawyer but failed the test. In his course of studying religious topics, he would often interact with many Muslims, non-Muslims, and with Christian missionaries whom he would engage in debates.
When Ghulam was thirty-five years old his father died. At this time Ghulam claimed that God had begun communicating with him, often through direct revelation. Initially, Ghulam's writings from this time were intended to counter what he perceived to be anti-Islamic writings originating from various Christian missionary groups. He also focused on countering the effects of various groups such as the Brahmo Samaj. During this period of his life he was well received by the Islamic clerics of the time.

As time progressed, his writings began to exhibit his claims of being the mujaddid or reformer of his era. These writings were compiled in one of his most well-known works: Barahin Ahmadiyya, a work consisting of 5 volumes while originally planned 50 volumes. He explained that since there is only a dot difference between 50 & 5, therefore his promise was fulfilled. In later volumes, he would essentially claim to be the messiah of Islam. This proved and continues to be very controversial, as traditional Islamic thought holds that Jesus is the Messiah, who himself will return in the flesh at the end of times. Ghulam countered this by claiming that Jesus was dead, and had in fact escaped crucifixion and died in India. According to Ghulam, the promised Mahdi was a spiritual, not military leader as is believed by most Muslims. With this proclamation, he also began to step away from the traditional idea of militant Jihad, and redefined it as a “spiritual” battle rather than a physical one. In addition to these controversial claims, he would later claim that Guru Nanak, the first Sikh Guru, was in fact a Muslim.

These writings began to turn the general Muslims ulema (religious clerics) against him, and he was often branded as a heretic. Some accused Ghulam of working for the British who were trying to use him to remove the concept of Jihad from Indian Muslims.

Ghulam founded the Ahmadiyya movement in 1889. He claimed that the Ahmadiyya Movement stood in the same relation to Islam, as Christianity stood to Judaism at the time of Jesus. The mission of the movement according to Ghulam was the prorogation of what he considered to be Islam in its pristine form. Mirza Ghulam's teachings which differed from other Muslims of the time can be summarized as follows:

Mirza Ghulam is widely acknowledged to have devoted his life to furthering the cause of his movement and countering allegations of heresy against his person till his death at Lahore in 1908.

The Ahmadiyya movement in Islam was founded in 1889, but the name Ahmadiyya was not adopted until about a decade later. In a manifesto dated November 4, 1900, the founder explained that the name referred to Ahmad, the alternative name of the prophet Mohammed. According to him, ‘Mohammed’, which means ‘the praised one’, refers to the glorious destiny of the prophet who adopted the name from about the time of the Hegira; but ‘Ahmad’ stands for the beauty of his sermons, and for the peace that he was destined to establish in the world through his teachings. According to Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, these names thus refer to two aspects of Islam, and in later times it was the latter aspect that commanded greater attention. In keeping with this, he believed, his object was to establish peace in the world through the spiritual teachings of Islam. He believed that his message had special relevance for the Western world which according to him had descended into materialism.

One of the main sources of dispute during his lifetime and continuing since then is Mirza Ghulam Ahmad's use of the terms “Nabi” (prophet) and “Rasool” (messenger) when referring to himself. Muslims consider the Prophet Muhammad to be the last of the prophets and believe that Mirza Ghulam Ahmad's use of these terms is a violation of the concept of “finality of prophet hood”. His followers fall into two camps in this regard: the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, who believe in a literal interpretation of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad's prophethood (with some qualifications), and the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement, who believe in a symbolic interpretation of these two terms. This among other reasons caused a split in the movement soon after Ahmad's death.

Followers of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad have faced relentless persecution of various types over the years. In 1974, the Pakistani parliament amended the Pakistani constitution to declare Ahmadi Muslims as non-Muslims for purposes of the constitution of the Islamic Republic. In 1984, a series of changes in the Pakistan Penal Code sections relating to blasphemy that, in essence, made it illegal for Ahmadis to preach their religion openly as Islam, leading to 1000s of arrests and prosecutions.



Pharmacology

Pharmacology is the study of how medicine and other things have an effect on living organisms and change how they function. Pharmacology could also be defined as the study of how medicine actually works.

The first pharmacology department in the world was set up in the University of Tartu by Rudolf Buchheim in 1847. 

Pharmacology is not exactly the same as pharmacy, and a pharmacologist is not exactly the same as a pharmacist. A pharmacologist is a scientist who studies how medicine actually works, and usually works in a science lab. A pharmacist is a health care provider who usually works at a pharmacy. However, there is quite a bit of overlap between these two fields. A pharmacist could be considered a type of pharmacologist. Pharmacists do take many classes in pharmacology.

If something can be used as a medicine, it is called a pharmaceutical. Pharmacology includes how drugs are made, how they interact with living organisms, what harmful effects they could have, how they can be used as medicines, and if they can be used to prevent illness. A person who works in the study of pharmacology is called a pharmacologist. Pharmacologists work in a team with biochemists, geneticists, microbiologists, toxicologists and pharmacists to run clinical tests on how drugs work.

The development of drugs is very important to medicine, but it also has strong economical and political uses. To protect people and prevent abuse, some countries try to control the way in which drugs are made, sold, and administered.

To study chemicals, a person needs to know a lot about what will be affected if it is ingested (taken into the body). As more people know about cell biology and biochemistry, the field of pharmacology has changed as well. It is now possible to design chemicals that do specific things.

A chemical can have different properties. Pharmacokinetics describes the what effect the body will have on the chemical, and pharmacodynamics describes the chemical's effect on the body (desired or toxic).

When a pharmacologist is talking about pharmacokinetic properties of a chemical, they are interested in four things: ADME.


Medication is said to have a narrow or wide therapeutic index. This describes the ratio of desired effect to toxic effect. A medicine with a narrow therapeutic index (close to one) only does what people want it to do when the amount given is enough to put the organism in danger. A medicine with a wide therapeutic index (greater than five) does what people want it to do and does not necessarily put the organism in danger. Medication with a narrow margin are more difficult to dose and give to a person, and may require therapeutic drug monitoring (examples are warfarin, some antiepileptics, aminoglycoside antibiotics). Most anti-cancer drugs have a narrow therapeutic margin; toxic side-effects are almost always encountered at doses needed to kill tumours.

Drugs that are given to people to help cure them of a medical condition or help reduce the symptoms are often licensed. They can be divided into three groups: over-the-counter, where anybody can buy the drug from a shop; prescription-only medicine, where a doctor has to say that a person is allowed to take a drug; and in some countries, pharmacy medicines, where only a registered pharmacy can sell a drug. Most over-the-counter medication will not hurt a person if they take a bit more than they are meant to. Medications are often produced by and are often patented. Drugs that are not patented, or where the patent has expired, are called generic drugs.

Early stage drug research is often done by small companies, start-ups, that later sell out to the big pharmaceutical companies. The patent lasts for up to 20 years. After that other companies can copy the invention. 

The American market was worth more than $600 billion in 2022, almost half the global total. Americans pay three times as much for branded drugs as the OECD average. American research and development spending was nearly two-thirds of the OECD total. The 2022 Inflation Reduction Act lets Medicare bargain directly with drugmakers. It plans to seek cuts of 25% in some drugs. Private health insurers may do the same. 


Indo-European languages

The Indo-European languages are the world's most spoken language family. 

Linguists believe they all come from a single language, Proto-Indo-European, which was originally spoken somewhere in Eurasia. They are now spoken all over the world.

The Indo-European languages are a family of several hundred related languages and dialects, including most major languages in Europe, the Iranian plateau, and South Asia.

Historically, the language family was also important in Anatolia and Central Asia. 

The earliest Indo-European writing is from the Bronze Age in Anatolian and Mycenaean Greek. The origin of Proto-Indo-European is after the invention of farming since some of its words have to do with farming.

Although it may have fewer languages than some other language families, it has the most native speakers, about 2.7 billion. 

Of the 20 languages with the most speakers, 12 are Indo-European: English, Spanish, Hindi, Portuguese, Bengali, Russian, German, Sindhi, Punjabi, Marathi, French, and Urdu.

Four of the six official languages of the United Nations are Indo-European: English, Spanish, French, and Russian.

These are the main Indo-European language groups:

Most Indo-European languages use the Latin script, but others use the Devanagari, Cyrillic, or Arabic scripts.

The number of speakers derived from statistics or estimates (2019) and were rounded:

Suggestions of similarities between Indian and European languages began to be made by European visitors to India in the 16th century. In 1583, Thomas Stephens, an English Jesuit missionary in Goa, India, noticed similarities between the Indian languages and Greek and Latin and included them in a letter to his brother, but it was not published until the 20th century.

The first account to mention Sanskrit is from Filippo Sassetti. Born in Florence, Italy, in 1540, he was a merchant who was among the first Europeans to study Sanskrit. Writing in 1585, he noted some word similarities between Sanskrit and Italian such as "devaḥ"/"dio" "God", "sarpaḥ"/"serpe" "serpent", "sapta"/"sette" "seven", "aṣṭa"/"otto" "eight", "nava"/"nove" "nine"). However, neither observation led to further scholarly inquiry.

In 1647, the Dutch linguist and scholar Marcus Zuerius van Boxhorn noted the similarity among Indo-European languages and supposed that they had derived from a primitive common language. He included in his hypothesis Dutch, Greek, Latin, Persian, and German, and he later added Slavic, Celtic, and Baltic languages. However, his suggestions did not become widely known and did not stimulate further research.

Gaston Coeurdoux and others had made similar observations. Coeurdoux made a thorough comparison of Sanskrit, Latin, and Greek conjugations in the late 1760s to suggest a relationship between the languages. Similarly, Mikhail Lomonosov compared different languages groups of the world, including Slavic, Baltic, Iranian, Finnish, Chinese, Hottentot and others.

The hypothesis reappeared in 1786, 20 years after Coeurdoux, when Sir William Jones lectured on the striking similarities between three of the oldest languages known in his time: Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit. He later tentatively added Gothic, Celtic, and Old Persian but made some errors and omissions in his classification.

In 1813, Thomas Young was first to use the term "Indo-European". It became the standard scientific term except in Germany through Franz Bopp's "Comparative Grammar". Appearing between 1833 and 1852, it was the starting point of Indo-European studies as an academic discipline. 

Some 20th-century scholars thought Indo-European languages started in Armenia or India, but most now think that it started in Eastern Europe or Anatolia.


Gulf of Mexico

The Gulf of Mexico is an ocean basin or bay of the Atlantic Ocean. It is a marginal sea of North America. The United States of America, Mexico, and Cuba are the countries around it. 

The Straits of Florida connect to the rest of the Atlantic Ocean, and the Yucatán Channel connects to the Caribbean Sea. Because of its narrow connection to the Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf has very small tides.

The size of the Gulf basin is about 1.6 million km2 (615,000 sq mi). Almost half of the basin is shallow continental-shelf waters. The climate is tropical, with heavy growth of plankton and sea grass. 

Petroleum is found near the north and west coast of this gulf. Many hurricanes hit this area, for example, Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita hurt many of the oil wells in 2005 in the United States. There is also a big fishing industry in the gulf. The Gulf of Mexico is one of the most important offshore petroleum-production regions in the world, making one-sixth of the United States' total production.

The Gulf was formed by plate tectonics about 300 million years ago.

Zaire

Zaire, officially the Republic of Zaire () was the name of a country that is now called the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It used this name from 27 November 1971 to 17 May 1997. The name "Zaire" comes from a Portuguese corruption of the Kongo word "nzare", meaning "river".

Pneumonia

Pneumonia is a disease of the lungs and the respiratory system. The lung contains many small bulbs, or sacs, called alveoli. These help to take out oxygen from the air. In the case of pneumonia, these bulbs become inflamed. They fill up with a fluid which is called pus, and can no longer absorb as much oxygen as before. This makes it hard for the person with pneumonia to breathe. They may feel out of breath, or like they are drowning. They may also feel pain when they breathe. Sometimes people die of pneumonia, even when they go to a hospital and take medicine.

Pneumonia can be caused by bacteria, viruses, fungi or parasites. It can also be caused by chemical or physical damage done to the lungs. Other illnesses, like alcohol abuse or lung cancer, can also result in pneumonia.

People with pneumonia usually have difficulty breathing. They may also cough, or have pain in the chest area. The treatment of pneumonia depends on how the illness was caused. If it was caused by bacteria, antibiotics can be used to treat it.

People of all ages can have pneumonia. The disease is dangerous. Many people die from pneumonia, especially old people, or people with a weak immune system. 

According to some research in 2010, in some parts of the world where people are very poor like India, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Guinea pneumonia was the cause of death for more children under the age of five than any other disease. Statistically, however, for every 2,000 children in the developing world who die of pneumonia, only one child in the developed world dies from the disease. This is because of differences in health care and because of differences in rates of breastfeeding, not because of differences in children. Breastfeeding newborn babies greatly increases their ability to survive pneumonia, but some cultures think of breastfeeding as taboo.

Pneumonia can be treated with medications that target the specific source of the infection. This might be an antibiotic, an antiviral, or an antifungal medication taken as either a tablet or an intravenous. Other therapies support a patient by providing comfort. These may include oxygen given by nose or mouth, inhalers to breathe in and expand the lungs, or steroids to decrease swelling. 



Encino, Los Angeles

Encino, California is a district of Los Angeles.


Winter Olympic Games

Winter Olympic Games were originally considered to be linked with the nation hosting the Summer Olympic Games. The country holding the summer games was preferred as the host for the winter games. Since 1948, the locations of summer and winter games have developed independent of each other.

Woodside, California

Woodside is a town in California with a population of about 5,000 people and over 5,000 horses. It is in the northern region of Silicon Valley and has the highest per-capita population of billionaires, as well as being the home of celebrities including Shirley Temple, Neil Diamond, Joan Baez, Michelle Pfeiffer and a gorilla named Koko that knew more than a thousand words of American Sign Language.


Pathogen

A pathogen is an infectious thing, such as a virus, bacteria, fungi or parasite, which causes a disease. This ability is called pathogenicity.

The body has many ways to defend against some of the common pathogens (such as "Pneumocystis") in the form of the human immune system and by some "helpful" bacteria present in the human body's normal human flora. However, if the immune system or "good" bacteria is damaged in any way (for example, chemotherapy, HIV, or antibiotics being taken to kill other pathogens), pathogenic bacteria that were being held back can grow and cause harm to the host. Such cases are opportunistic infections.

Some pathogens cause epidemics. These include the bacterium "Yersinia pestis" which may have caused the Black Death, the "Variola" virus, and the malarial protozoa. They hurt or even kill large numbers of people. 

The most famous and lethal outbreak was the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic (type A influenza, H1N1 subtype), which lasted from 1918 to 1919. It is not known exactly how many it killed, but estimates range from 20 to 100 million people. This pandemic has been described as "the greatest medical holocaust in history" and may have killed as many people as the Black Death.

The huge death toll was caused by an extremely high infection rate of up to 50% and the extreme severity of the symptoms. One observer wrote, "One of the most striking of the complications was hemorrhage from mucous membranes, especially from the nose, stomach, and intestine. Bleeding from the ears and skin also occurred". The majority of deaths were from bacterial pneumonia, a secondary infection caused by influenza, but the virus also killed people directly, causing massive bleeding and oedema in the lungs.

In plants, fungi are the main cause of infectious disease.

Pesticide

A pesticide is a chemical that is used to kill or prevent small animals (or organisms) which are considered to be unwanted. These organisms are called pests. Some of these pests that people do not want are insects, microbes that destroy plants, and other things that affect humans in a bad way and it may kill humans too. Many pesticides are poisonous, and are bad for not only the organisms they kill, but for humans too. A pesticide also affects the environment
and the atmosphere. 

The Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants lists chemicals that are very hard to destroy, or very toxic. In total, twelve chemicals are listed. Nine of them can be used as pesticides.

There are different types of pesticides for getting rid of different pests.

Pesticides are used to kill pests, but many are bad for human health. They may pollute water, and go into rivers, lakes, and ponds. This will cause acid rain, and organisms living in the water can get sick and die, because the water where they live has more acid.

Pesticides used to protect crops are very damaging to the general ecosystem. They kill not just pests but vital insects which do pollination and other things. Every area needs a balance, but generally we do not have a system which does this.

In many cases, there are alternatives to the use of (chemical) pesticides. These include:

Inhalation

Inhalation is half of what occurs when people or animals breathe. Air is moved from the outside through the respiratory system into the lungs. The lungs take out some oxygen and put it into the blood. Drugs can also be inhaled with an inhaler to put them into the blood. The air is then moved out of the lungs again. This is the other half of breathing, called exhalation.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome

Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) was an atypical pneumonia. It started in November 2002 in Guangdong Province, in the city of Foshan, of the People's Republic of China. The disease was caused by the SARS coronavirus (SARS CoV), a new coronavirus. It was also a part-time STD, it can be spread through both sexual and casual contact. 

SARS is a zoonosis: it is a disease which comes from animals: it came from Asian palm civets to cave-dwelling horseshoe bats. Exactly how the virus got to humans is not known.

SARS was first reported in Asia in February 2003. Over the next few months, the illness spread to more than 24 countries in Asia, North America, South America, and Europe before the SARS global outbreak of 2003 was contained. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), a total of 8098 people worldwide became sick with SARS during the 2003 outbreak. 774 of them died. 

After the Chinese government suppressed news of the SARS outbreak, the disease spread rapidly, reaching Hong Kong and Vietnam in late February 2003, and then to other countries via international travellers. The last case in this outbreak occurred in June 2003. There were a total of 8437 known cases of the disease, with 813 deaths (a mortality rate of 9.636%).

In May 2005 the disease itself was declared 'eradicated' by the WHO and it became the second disease in mankind to receive this label (the other was smallpox). The "New York Times" reported that "not a single case of severe acute respiratory syndrome has been reported this year or in late 2004. It is the first winter without a case since the initial outbreak in late 2002. Also, the epidemic strain of SARS that caused at least 813 deaths worldwide by June of 2003 has not been seen outside a laboratory since then." 

Ballet

Ballet is a type of dance. It is only done by dancers who have had special training. The dancers are employed by a dance company, and they perform in theatres. The first reference to ballet is found in a work of Domenico da Piacenza, who lived in the early 14th century. 

Ballet involves the creation of the dance itself, often a type of imaginary story. The story is told with the help of dance and mime. Ballet is a form of expression. It presents a story in a new form to the audience. The creation of a dance is called choreography. The choreography is learnt by the dancers under the supervision of a trainer, called a ballet master or mistress. Ballet is always performed to music, and in many cases the music was specially composed for a particular ballet. Ballet is a major part of theatre, and a popular example is "The Nutcracker".

Ballet grew out of Renaissance spectacles which, rather like big pop music events today, used every type of performance art. These Italian ballets were further developed in France. "Le Ballet Comique de la Reine" (The Queen's Ballet Comedy) was performed in Paris in 1581. It was staged by Balthazar de Beaujoyeux, a violinist and dancing master at the court of Catherine de Medici. It was danced by amateurs in a hall. The royal family were watching at one end and the others in galleries on three sides. Poetry and songs came with the dances.

The basis of classical ballet was formed in the Court of Louis XIV in France, in the 17th century. Even his title (the 'Sun King') came from a role he danced in a ballet. Louis founded the first ballet company, the Ballet de l'Opera de Paris. Many of the ballets presented at his court were created by the composer Jean-Baptiste Lully and the choreographer Pierre Beauchamp. Also during this time, the playwright Molière invented the comedie-ballet.

In the early 19th century ballet technique was codified (sorted out and written down) by Carlo Blasis (1797–1878) of Naples. His dance classes, four hours long, were famous for being the toughest training there was at that time. 'Romantic ballet' flourished in France in the first half of the 19th century.

Ballet with a more athletic style was developed in Imperial Russia of the late 19th century. This company performed in the Mariinsky Theatre at St. Petersburg. The three famous Tchaikovsky ballets, "Swan Lake", "The Sleeping Beauty", and "The Nutcracker", date from that time. 

The next stage was the Diaghilev ballet. Diagelev was a great impresario (showman). In 1909 he founded Les Ballets Russes de Sergei Diaghilev, considered by many to be the greatest ballet company of all time.

His dancers included the legendary Nijinsky and the Imperial primaballerina Karsavina; also Pavlova, Danilova and Spessivtseva. His choreographers included Fokine, Massine and Balanchine; his composers included Stravinsky, Prokofiev, Ravel and Debussy; his set designers included Picasso, Cezanne, Matisse, Utrillo, Bakst and Braque; and the ballets created changed the course of ballet history.

Later in the 20th century, permanent ballet companies were set up in English-speaking countries. The Royal Ballet in London was started, and in New York a company called the "Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo" was founded (1938–1962).

Technique is the physical ability to perform whatever steps a dance may need. Specific methods for refining technique are named after the ballet master or mistress who started them, such as the Vaganova method after Agrippina Vaganova, the Balanchine method after George Balanchine, and the Cecchetti method after Enrico Cecchetti.


Lazio

Lazio (Latin: "Latium") is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in central Italy. The capital is Rome.

The region is in Central Italy with an area of . It is bordered to the northwest by the Tuscany region, to the north by the Umbria region, to the northeast with the Marche region, to the east with the Abruzzo and Molise regions, to the southeast is the Campania region and to the west is the Tyrrhenian Sea. The Vatican City is within the region.

The main river in the region is the Tiber. The highest mountain in the region is Monte Gorzano, on the border with the Abruzzo region, with an altitude of .

The Pontine Islands () are an archipelago in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the west coast of Italy. They are part of Lazio.

Lazio has four provinces: Viterbo, Rieti, Latina, Frosinone, Rome (The Regional Capital)

The 10 communi with more people living in it are:

Rudolf Diesel

Rudolf Christian Karl Diesel (March 18, 1858 – September 30, 1913) was a German engineer and inventor. His best known invention is Diesel engine. He was born in Paris and died on the English Channel.

He had the idea to develop an engine which relied on a high compression of the fuel to ignite it. With this he could do without a spark. The technique with a spark was developed by Niklaus Otto. The engine based on this is called internal combustion engine.

In 1892 he got a patent for the engine.

He got a lot of money from licensing his invention.

Niklaus Otto

Nikolaus August Otto (June 14, 1832 - January 28, 1891) was a German engineer. He is the inventor of the internal-combustion engine. This engine was the first to burn fuel directly in a piston chamber. Up until his invention, all engines were external-combustion engines steam engines and burnt their fuel in a separate compartment.

Quito

Quito is the capital city of Ecuador. As of 2020, about 2.011 million people lived there. Quito is the second largest city in Ecuador after Guayaquil. The Historic Center of Quito, Ecuador is one of the largest, least-changed and best-preserved historic centers in the Americas. Quito was designated a World Cultural Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1978. It is the first city to be honored in such a way.

The Historic Centre of Quito is located in the center south of the capital on an area of 320 hectares (790 acres), and is thought of as one of the most important historic areas in Latin America. There are about 130 monumental buildings (which have a variety of pictorial art and sculpture, mostly of religious inspired in a range of schools and styles) and 5,000 properties registered in the municipal inventory of heritage properties.

Carondelet Palace (Spanish: "Palacio de Carondelet") is the seat of government of the Republic of Ecuador, located in the historical center of Quito. Axis is the nerve of the public space known as Independence Square or Plaza Grande (colonial name), around which were built in addition the Archbishop's Palace, the Municipal Palace, the Hotel Plaza Grande and the Metropolitan Cathedral. The history of this symbolic building dates back to colonial times, around 1570, with the acquisition of the former royal houses located in the city of Quito.

During the Republican era, almost all of the presidents (constitutional, internees and dictators) have dispatched from this building, which is the seat of Government of the Republic of Ecuador. In addition to the administrative units in the third level of the Palace is the presidential residence, a luxurious colonial-style apartment in which they live the President and his family. Rafael Correa, president since 2007, thinking that Carondelet Palace and its offices are Ecuadoran heritages, converted the presidential compound into a museum accessible to all who wish to visit it. To this end, areas were organized to place objects within their cultural contexts, to make them accessible to the world, which used several rooms and spaces within the palace.

Construction began in 1605, with Mastrilli laying the first stone. The building was not completed until 1765. La Compañía is among the best-known churches in Quito because of its large central nave, which is decorated with gold leaf, gilded plaster and wood carvings. Inspired by two Roman Jesuit churches—the Chiesa del Gesù and the Chiesa di Sant'Ignazio di Loyola—La Compañía is one of the most significant works of Spanish Baroque architecture in South America.

Also known as Big Square (Spanish: Plaza de la Independencia, Plaza Grande). Historic public square of Quito (Ecuador), located in the heart of the old city. This is the central square of the city and one of the symbols of the executive power of the nation. Its main feature is the monument to the independence heroes of August 10, 1809, date remembered as the First Cry of Independence of the Royal Audience of Quito from Spanish monarchy. The environment of the square is flanked by the Carondelet Palace, the Metropolitan Cathedral, the Archbishop's Palace, the Municipal Palace and the Plaza Grande Hotel.

Church and Monastery of St. Francis, colloquially known as El San Francisco, is a colonial-styled church and monastery located in Quito, Ecuador. Construction of the building began a few weeks after the founding of the city in 1534 and ended in 1604. The founder of the church was Franciscan missionary Jodoco Ricke.

The building's construction began around 1550, sixteen years after Quito was founded by Spanish conquistadors, and was finished in approximately 1680. The building was officially inaugurated in 1605. It is not known who designed the original plans for the complex, though the most-accepted theory is that they were sent from Spain, based on the topographical study of Ricke and Gosseal. It is also possible that architects came from Spain for the construction of the monastery, or that Ricke and Gosseal managed the entire construction.

In colonial times, the Church of El Sagrario was one of the largest architectural marvels of Quito. The construction is of the Italian Renaissance style and was built in the late 17th century. It has a screen that supports its sculptures and decorations. This structure was built by Bernardo de Legarda. Its central arch leads to a dome decorated with frescoes of biblical scenes featuring archangels, work by Francisco Albán. The altarpiece was gilded by Legarda. It is located on Calle García Moreno, near the cathedral.

Although they arrived in Quito in 1541, in 1580 the Dominicans started to build their temple, using the plans and direction of Francisco Becerra. The work was completed in the first half of the 17th century. Inside the church are valuable structures, such as the neo-Gothic main altar. This was placed in the late 19th century by Italian Dominicans. The roof of the Mudéjar style church features paintings of martyrs of the Order of Saint Dominic. The roof of the nave is composed of a pair and knuckle frame, coated inside by pieces of tracery. In the museum located on the north side of the lower cloister are wonderful pieces of great Quito sculptors such as the Saint Dominic de Guzmán by Father Carlos, the Saint John of God by Caspicara, and the Saint Thomas Aquinas by Legarda. Another Baroque piece that stands is the Chapel of Nuestra Señora del Rosario, which is a recognizable feature of the architecture of Quito. This chapel was built beside the church, in the gospel side. In this was founded the largest fraternity in the city of Quito.

El Panecillo is a hill located in the middle west of the city at an altitude of about 3,016 metres (9,895 ft) above sea level. A monument to the Virgin Mary is located on top of El Panecillo and is visible from most of the city of Quito. In 1976, the Spanish artist Agustín de la Herrán Matorras was commissioned by the religious order of the Oblates to build a 41 metres (135 ft)–tall aluminum monument of a madonna, which was assembled on a high pedestal on the top of Panecillo.

The Quito School originated in the school of Artes y Oficios, founded in 1552 by the Franciscan priest Jodoco Ricke, who together with Friar Pedro Gocial transformed the San Andrés seminary, where the first indigenous artists were trained. As a cultural expression, it is the result of a long process of acculturation between indigenous peoples and Europeans, and it is one of the richest expressions of miscegenation ("mestizaje") and of syncretism, in which the participation of the vanquished Indian is seemingly of minor importance as compared to the dominant European contribution.

The Quito School ("Escuela Quiteña") is an artistic tradition that developed in the territory of the Royal Audience of Quito, from Pasto and Popayán in the north to Piura and Cajamarca in the south, during the colonial period (1542-1824). This artistic production was one of the most important activities in the economy of the Royal Audience of Quito.

The major artists of the Quito School are the sculptors Bernardo de Legarda , Manuel Chili (Caspicara) and Miguel Angel Tejada Zambrado and the painters Fray Pedro Gosseal, Fray Pedro Bedón, Nicolás Javier Goríbar, Hernando de la Cruz, Miguel de Santiago, Manuel de Samaniego

The Basilica of the National Vow is a Roman Catholic church in the historic center of Quito. It is sometimes also called the Catedral Consagración de Jesús or the Basílica de San Juan. It is the largest neo-Gothic basilica in the Americas.

The basilica arose from the idea, proposed by father Julio Matovelle in 1883, of building a monument as a perpetual reminder of the consecration of Ecuador to the Sacred Heart, President Luis Cordero issued the decree on July 23, 1883, and it was carried out by president José María Plácido Caamaño on March 5, 1884. The congress, in accordance with the year's budget, designated 12,000 pesos for the construction - 1,000 pesos per month, beginning in 1884. By the decree of July 3, 1885, the fourth Quitense Provincial Council turned the construction of the basilica into a religious commitment in the name of the country. The basilica remains technically "unfinished." & local legend says that when the Basílica is completed, the end of the world will come.

Construction began in 1562, seventeen years after the diocese of Quito was created (1545) and located in the heart of the historic city and its status as the main church of the city, is one of the largest religious symbols of spiritual value for the Catholic community in the city.

It is one of the seven monumental churches of the 16th and 17th centuries whose main portico was built on stone in the Spanish Baroque-architecture style.

The church includes a small atrium (decorated by a large stone cross), an inside yard with a large garden and a large session hall where the frayers held dissertations or "capitulations" of faith.
The cloister and convent have a separate entrance which leads to the garden. The bell tower reaches a high of twenty-two meters (seventy feet) and houses two bronze bells of the period.

Guápulo is a district of Quito, Ecuador, also called an electoral parish ("parroquia electoral urbana"). The parish was established as a result of the October 2004 political elections when the city was divided into 19 urban electoral parishes. Set behind Hotel Quito, the neighborhood of Guápulo runs down the winding Camino de Orellana, from González Suárez to Calle de los Conquistadores, the main road out of Quito and to the neighboring suburbs.

Guápulo Park is a 19.5 hectares, 48 acre public park. The park is administered by the Public Sector under the Parks and Public Spaces Urban Spaces that is under the National Plan for Good Living as to the creation of green spaces for cultural practices, recreational and sports activities.

Uralic languages

The Uralic languages are a language family. They were originally spoken in Eastern Europe and Asia but originated somewhere in eastern Siberia near Lake Baikal.

There are two modern main kinds: the Samoyedic languages and the Finno-Ugric languages.

The proto-Uralic languages and the early Uralic people originated somewhere in eastern Siberia or possibly Northeast Asia. They were closely related to other Siberian and East Asian but also Inuit people. They migrated into central Siberia and then about 3,000 years ago started to migrate to the Baltic region in northeastern Europe. They assimilated many Paleo-European tribes. Genetic and anthropologic studies show that the early Uralic people were similar to various Siberian and East Asian people (Mongoloids).

Several linguists and geneticists suggest that the Uralic languages are related to various Siberian languages and possibly also some languages of northern Native Americans. A proposed family is named Uralo-Siberian. It includes Uralic, Yukaghir, Eskimo–Aleut (Inuit), possibly Nivkh and Chukotko-Kamchatkan.


Indo-Aryan languages

The Indo-Aryan languages are a branch of the Indo-Iranian language family. They are mostly spoken in Southern Asia, including India, Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, the Maldives and Bangladesh. However, some are also spoken in other places, such as Europe. The Indo-Aryan languages come from a common ancestor, Proto-Indo-Aryan, and today include many modern languages like Marathi, Odia, Hindustani (Hindi and Urdu), Romani, Domari, Lomavren, Rohingya, Prakrit and Sanskrit.




Iranian language

Iranian language may refer to:

Indo-Iranian languages

The Indo-Iranian languages or Indo-Iranic languages are the largest group of the Indo-European language family. They include the Indo-Aryan (Indic) is the reconstructed proto-language of the Indo-Aryan languages.) and Iranic (Iranian) languages. They are mostly spoken in the Indian subcontinent and the Iranian plateau. Originally, they were spoken in Central Asia, to the east and the north of the Caspian Sea.

There are about 221 Indo-Aryan (Indic) languages, with more than 800 million speakers.

Below are the most widely spoken Indo-Aryan languages.


Sanskrit, the sacred language of the Hindus, is also an Indo-Aryan language. Today it is spoken by around 14,000 people, is an official language in the Indian state of Uttarakhand, and is one of the 22 official languages of India.

There are about 86 Iranian languages, or "Iranic languages" as argued by some scholars, with between 150 and 200 million speakers.

Below are the most widely spoken Iranian languages.

The Iranian languages also contain the extinct language Avestan, which is used in the Zoroastrian scriptures of Zoroastrianism. It is similar to Sanskrit but is not widely spoken today.

Some scholars consider the Nuristani and Bangani languages as part of the Indo-Aryan subgroup, but some other scholars consider them as two separate subgroups of Indo-Iranian. The Badeshi language is also an unclassified Indo-Iranian language.


Slavic languages

The Slavic languages (also called Slavonic languages) are a language family of the Indo-European group. Slavic languages and dialects are spoken in Central Europe, Eastern Europe, the Balkans and North Asia.

These languages are usually written with the Cyrillic alphabet.


These languages are usually written with the Roman alphabet.


These languages may be written with the Cyrillic or Latin script, depending on the language.



Siena

Siena is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany. Its name is spelt Siena in Italian. The city has a population of about 54,000.

The historic centre of Siena has been declared by UNESCO a World Heritage Site. It is one of the nation's most visited tourist attractions, with over 163,000 international arrivals in 2008. Siena is famous for its cuisine, art, museums, medieval cityscape and the Palio, a horse race held twice yearly.

Siena began as Etruscan, before it was conquered by Ancient Rome. Sienna prospered under the Lombards, who became the first Kings of Italy. Lombard nobles governed it until the 8th century, when they were conquered by Charlemagne and his Franks. Feudal rule ended with the death of the Countess Matilda in 1115, and Sienna became an independent city with its own government. There were struggles between Siena and Florence during the Middle Ages and the renaissance. The city did well in wool and money lending or usury, the charging of interest on loans.

- 900 to 400 BC: Sienna, like other Tuscan hill towns were occuped by Etruscans that changed the territories with their technology of irrigation.

- 390 Battle of the Allia

- At the time of the Emperor Augustus, a Roman town called "Saena Julia " in the territories previously occupied by Etruscans.

- Siena did not prosper under Roman rule. It was not sited near any major roads and therefore missed out on the resulting opportunities for trade.

- 774 BC: the oldest aristocratic families in Sienna date their line to the Lombards' surrender to Charlemagne.

- 1115: the death of Countess Matilda, an important point for the history of Sienna, because after this the Mark of Tuscia which had been under the control of her family – the Canossa – broke up into several autonomous regions.

- Sienna became a major center of money lending and an important for trade. It was governed at first directly by its Bishop.

- During the 1100s: power of Bishop lost energy and at the same thime the biggest build of Sienna, the Duomo, was completed.

- 1167: Sienna, after a trouble about territories with Arezzo, became independence from the Bishop.

- 1179: Sienna had a written constitution.

- Early 12th century a self-governing commune replaced the earlier aristocratic government. The consuls who governed the republic slowly became more inclusive of the "poblani", or common people, and the Commune increased its territory as the surrounding feudal nobles in their fortified castles submitted to the urban power. Sienna's republic, struggling internally between nobles and the popular party, usually worked in political opposition to its great rival, Florence.

- 1203: Siena's university was founded.

- 4 September 1260: the Senese Ghibellines, supported by the forces of King Manfred of Sicily, defeated the Florentine Guelphs in the Battle of Montaperti.

-1348: Sienna was devastated by the Black Death.

- 1355: with Charles IV of Luxembourg in the city, the population rose and suppressed the government of the "Nove" (Nine), establishing that "Dodici" (Twelve) nobles assisted by a group with a popular majority.

- Years later gave the power Gian Galeazzo Visconti of Milan in order to defend it from the Florentine attacks.

- 1404: the Visconti were expelled and a government of Ten Priors established, in alliance with Florence against King Ladislas of Naples. With the election of the Sienese Pius II as Pope, the Piccolomini and other noble families were helped to return to the government, but after his death the control returned into popular hands.

- 1472: the Republic founded the Monte dei Paschi, a bank that is still active today and is the oldest surviving bank in the world.

- 1487: The noble legacy returned in the city under Pandolfo Petrucci with the support of Florence and of Alfonso of Calabria;

- Pandolfo was succeeded by his son Borghese, who was ousted by his cousin Raffaello, helped by the Medici Pope Leo X. The last Petrucci was Fabio, exiled in 1523 by the Sienese people.

- Emperor Charles V took advantage of the chaotic situation to put a Spanish garrison in Sienna. The citizens expelled the garrison in 1552, and made allies with France. This was unacceptable for Charles, who sent his general Gian Giacomo Medici to lay siege to it with a Florentine-Imperial army.

- August 1554: Sienna lost against Florence at the Battle of Marciano. After 18 months of resistance, it surrendered to Florence on 17 April 1555, marking the end of the Republic of Siena. The new Spanish King Philip, owing huge sums to the Medici, gave it (apart from some coastal fortresses) to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany,

- Until the unification of Italy Sienna was controlled by Florence.

The city is an important centre for art and culture.


Siena has enjoyed a long tradition in sports. Basketball and football are popular in Siena. However, other sports such as rugby union and track-and-field are also practiced.

July 2 and August 16 are the dates when the Palio di Siena is held. The Palio is a traditional medieval horse race is run around the Piazza del Campo each year. This event is attended by large crowds, and is shown on TV. televised. Seventeen Contrade run for the prize,a painted flag, or "Palio" bearing an image of the Blessed Virgin Mary.


Province of Siena


Padua

Padua () is an Italian city near Venice. It has about 210,000 people.

An old myth says that Padua was founded by the Trojan Antenore. There was a settlement since the 4th century before Christ. It got under Roman power in 215 B.C. In 426 A.D. Padua became destroyed by Attila. Narses reconstructed the city, but the Langobardes destroyed it a second time. Charles, the Great got Padua in 774 under power of the Francs, later the city joined the Holy Roman Empire of German Nation.

After struggles with Frederic Barbarossa it declared peace in 1177. In 1222 the second university of Italy was founded in Padua. The Gulfs got Padua in 1256, later the Republic of Venice got control about the city until Napoleon Bonaparte got it.


Mary McAleese

Mary Patricia McAleese (born 27 June 1951) was the eighth President of the Republic of Ireland from 1997 to 2011. She was first elected president in 1997 and was re-elected to another seven years from 2004 to 2011. She was ranked the 55th most powerful woman in the world on a list of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women by Forbes, despite the ceremonial nature of the presidency.

She is the first President of Ireland to be born in Northern Ireland. She is also Ireland's second woman president, and the first in the world to succeed another woman.


Divorce

Divorce is a process where a marriage is ended in the eyes of the law; after a couple divorces, they are no longer married. When a divorce happens, the couple must do many things, like decide who gets to care for the child or who owns certain things.

There are many reasons why a couple may divorce one another. One of the married people may have had sex with someone who wasn't their partner, the two married people don't like each other, or there is domestic violence between the married people.

Divorce is different from annulment. In annulment, the couple is said to not have been married in the eyes of the law. In divorce, the couple was married, but isn't anymore.

The laws are different in every country, but usually there are two ways reasons for a divorce in law: because of a bad act by one person and divorce with no bad act. In some countries it is important who did the bad act. This may have an effect on decisions about the money and property of the two people. Normally a divorce comes in force some time after the decision of approval.
Under this system, divorce is possible with no argument about a bad act by one of the married people. In some countries it is enough to make a statement that the relation is broken and it is not possible for it to be fixed. This is true in the United States for example. It is not necessary to say that one of the married people was responsible. The system lets two married people make a request together or only one.
In most systems of law it is necessary to give facts about a bad act by one married person to get a divorce. The person may give arguments against the decision. Examples of this sort of reason for a divorce are:

In some systems it is possible to get a quick divorce with simple rules. The important questions then are:

About 95% of divorces in the United States are without argument because the two people are able to come to an agreement about the property, their sons and daughters, and other questions. The agreement may be made with the help of lawyers (experts on laws).

In some countries, there are special systems which give help to people. For example, they are able to go a hearing with a judge but no lawyers. Lawyers may have discussions with the people to make an agreement. In some systems, an expert with experience of divorces makes decisions in place of a judge.
In Russia two people are able to get a divorce in the office where the government keeps records of births marriages and deaths. One person or the two married persons make the request and it will be given if:
Then, the office will give knowledge of the request to the other person. After this time, the other person has one month to make an argument in writing against the request. Then the office will put a stop to the request.

A divorce can be very stressful; some people become depressed or sad after a divorce. If there are children, the children may also feel sad when the parents are divorced. However, there are many resources that can help people who are divorcing, such as therapists, counselors, books, and DVDs.

The biggest impact is always felt the children who are often force to grow up with only one parent. This reaches its climax when the one parent taking care of the child is forced to work all day and doesn't have time for the child. Children who have broken homes are twice as likely to drop out of high school dropout
If the parents remarry, the children of their new husband or wife are their stepchildren. "Step-" can be put before any relation to show it is from another marriage. If there are children in the new marriage, children from a former marriage are called half-brothers or half-sisters, since they are "half" related.

People who are trapped in abusive relationships might divorce as a way of help.

The law of divorce is different in every country. Only two countries do not allow divorce, the Philippines and the Vatican. This is because the Philippines is majority Roman Catholic and mainly socially conservative and the Vatican is a Roman Catholic theocracy and the Roman Catholic teaching forbids divorce. In the Philippines, only Muslims, are allowed to divorce, and the Vatican is the only country with no law of divorce. In the Philippines and the Vatican, married people are not able to end their relation, but it is possible for them to say they were never married for example, because of an error. Most religions do not agree with the couples divorcing. Divorce in Australia follows the no-fault principle, which was established by the Family Law Act 1975. This means that the court does not need to know the reason for the divorce, just that the marriage has broken down irretrievably.



Writing system

A writing system (also called a script) is a system of symbols used to represent language. There are different kinds of writing systems, with symbols that represent different things. For example, English uses an alphabet (the Latin alphabet).

The fundamental principle is that symbols stand for sound, but there is more to it than that. The term "writing system" includes more than just (for example) an alphabet. Alphabets are part of a "graphic inventory" which includes punctuation, diacritics, ideograms (e.g. numbers) and logograms (standing for specific words such as $, & etc.).

There are many different types of writing systems. Each grapheme, or symbol, can mean different things in different writing systems. Depending on what an individual symbol means, such as a whole word or a sound, each writing system is categorized as a different type.

A logography is a writing system with symbols that mean whole words or symbols that represent ideas. These symbols are called "logograms" or "logographs". Examples of logographies are Chinese characters (used in Chinese) and hieroglyphs.

A syllabary is a writing system with symbols that each mean a syllable. Examples of syllabaries are "hiragana" and "katakana" (used in Japanese) and the Cherokee syllabary (used in Cherokee).

An alphabet is a writing system with symbols that mean individual sounds (or phonemes). There are different types of alphabets.

A true alphabet is a writing system with symbols that mean both consonants and vowels. Examples of alphabetic writing systems are the Latin alphabet, (used in large parts of the world), the Greek alphabet (used in Greek), and the Cyrillic alphabet (used in many countries in Eastern Europe and Central Asia, where Russia had a major influence during the days of the Soviet Union).

Alphabets that only write consonants (and do not write vowels) are called abjads. Examples of abjads are the Arabic alphabet, which is used in much of the Muslim world, and the Hebrew alphabet used for Jewish languages like Hebrew and Yiddish. Both of these abjads are written in lines that run from right to left. The logic is that people in those areas know what vowels are used when the words are spoken.

Abugidas are alphabets where consonants are written as a symbol, and vowels are written as diacritics. Examples of abugidas are many writing systems of India and Southeast Asia, such as Devanagari (used in Hindi and Sanskrit).

Each writing system can be written in different directions. English (which uses the Latin alphabet) is written from left to right. Some languages, like Arabic, are written from right to left.

Some languages, like Chinese and Japanese, can be written vertically (from top to bottom).


Cloudberry

A cloudberry ("Rubus chamaemorus") is a herbaceous plant in alpine, tundra and boreal forest. The fruit is an amber-colored edible fruit similar to the raspberry or blackberry.

Despite great demand as a delicacy (particularly in Russia, Norway, Sweden and Finland) the cloudberry is not widely cultivated. It is mainly a wild plant. Wholesale prices vary widely by the size of the yearly harvest, but cloudberries have gone for as much as €10/kg (in 2004). 

The ripe fruits are golden-yellow, soft and juicy, and are rich in vitamin C. When eaten fresh, cloudberries have a distinctive tart taste. When over-ripe, they have a creamy texture somewhat like yogurt, and a sweetened flavour. They are often made into jams, juices, tarts, and liqueurs. They are very popular in Scandinavia.

The plant spreads by two means. Its seeds are spread by birds and mammals. Locally, its rhizomes develop into wide berry patches.

Migration

Migration is when animals move on a regular cycle. For example, caribou in the Arctic go south in winter and return in summer when it is warmer. Many birds migrate, such as geese and storks.

Migration is the travelling of long distances in search of a new habitat. The trigger for the migration may be local climate, local availability of food, or the season of the year. To be counted as a true migration, and not just a local dispersal, the movement should be an annual or seasonal event.

Many birds fly to warmer places for the winter, as do some insects such as the migratory locust. Young Atlantic salmon leave the river of their birth when they have reached a few inches (cm) in size.

Many species in the sea have a daily migration. Plankton go up for the day where there is light, and down at night, where they are less easy to find. The many species which feed on them follow them up and down.

Migration is an evolutionary force. This is because it is a major source of natural selection. The success of migratory animals to make the journey is usually needed for them to reproduce.

Many parts of the world have a strongly seasonal climate. In order to survive, many species need to breed in one place and, later, eat in another place. The simplest example is the African herbivores, who follow the growth of grass in East Africa. This region has seasonal rainfall, and so it has seasonal growth of grass. Their predators follow them.

Bird migration is the regular seasonal movement, usually north and south along a 'flyway', between breeding and wintering grounds. Many species of bird migrate. Many birds die when they are migrating, and is mainly to get food. It occurs mostly in the northern hemisphere, where birds are funnelled on to specific routes by natural barriers such as the Mediterranean Sea or the Caribbean Sea.

The Arctic tern holds the long-distance migration record for birds. It flies between Arctic breeding grounds and the Antarctic each year. Albatrosses circle the earth, flying over the southern oceans. The Manx shearwater migrates between its northern breeding grounds and the southern ocean. Shorter migrations are common, including altitudinal migrations up and down mountains like the Andes and Himalayas.
Since the distance that some birds travel on migration can be enormous, why such huge distances? Migration is useful for the birds, because the seasonal differences are to the birds' advantage. So far as is known, migration instincts are inherited: the birds cannot make a personal choice in the matter. All the same, in some species not all migrate. There is a cost to migration in the number of birds which die "en route". There is an advantage only if the birds which migrate have a better chance of leaving descendants. Studies of migration have been done since the 18th century. There is still much we do not know about it.

Historically, bird migration would have started when the continents were close together. It might have started in the Upper Cretaceous or the Palaeocene. Then. as the continents drifted apart, the bird migrations got longer and longer. That makes sense, and probably is what happened. There is no direct evidence.

Biomagnetism is part of the answer. There are crystals of magnetite which occur in many birds (and some other organisms). There is also a chemical basis for cellular sensitivity to electric and magnetic fields (galvanotaxis).



Scent marks

Scent marks are what animals leave when they are marking their territory. The leader of the pack rubs his/her scent on his/her pack. This helps establish which animal belongs to which pack, and also which animal is the leader.

Maputo

Maputo is the capital of Mozambique. It is on the coast of the Indian Ocean. As of 2004, about 1,114,000 people live in the city. Maputo was founded in the 18th century. The original name was Lourenço Marques, but it was changed after independence. Lisbon in Portugal is a twin town of Maputo. Eduardo Mondlane University is in Maputo.

Baixa de Maputo is a historic district.

Original sin

The concept of original sin refers generally to the Christian belief in the universal nature of sin. Original sin is considered to be the result of the story of Adam and Eve in The Bible. In that story (Genesis 3), God only made one rule for them: They must not eat fruit from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. But the snake told Eve, that eating the fruit would make Eve like God. Eve then persuaded Adam to eat the fruit. After they had broken God's only rule, they were removed from the Garden of Eden.

Then Genesis tells the story of how their oldest son Cain killed his brother Abel. Based mostly on this and many other stories and passages in the Bible and Saint Paul's statement in Romans 5:12 (Sin entered the world because one man, Adam, sinned, and death came because of sin. Everyone sinned, so death came to all people.--NIV), Christians traditionally believe that no human is without sin. 

More specifically the term "original sin" refers to the state of being part of the human race. Every human is born with sin. Salvation can only be obtained through faith. 

This was first explained fully by Saint Augustine in his writings against the Pelagians. The Eastern Orthodox Churches do not believe in this specific doctrine of Original Sin.

American Airlines

American Airlines, Inc. (AA) is the largest airline of the United States. It is based in Fort Worth It was founded in 1930 with the name "American Airways". 82 small airlines were combined in 1930 to form American. In 1934, the name was officially changed to "American Airlines". American was the first airline to have computerized reservations, a frequent-flyer program and an airline lounge. In 1999, American helped start Oneworld. In 2001, American bought TWA. In 2011, American filed for bankruptcy. American was combined with US Airways in 2013. In 2016, American will introduce a new no-frills fare. This is to compete with many low-cost carriers.



United Airlines

United Airlines, commonly referred to as United, is a major American airline. It was founded in Boise, Idaho in 1926 and it is currently the second largest airline in the United States to date. It is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. On May 3, 2010, it was announced that Continental Airlines would merge with United to become one company. The new airlines will take the United name but use Continental's globe identity and livery. There was a lot of negative reaction to the new livery. Most people were in favor of the iconic "Tulip" logo, designed by Saul Bass in 1973.

The following is a handful of memorable incidents involving United Airlines flights;


Romanization of Ukrainian

Romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian is how to write the Ukrainian language in Latin letters. Latin letters are the type that are currently used for this article.

This makes the language easier for non-Ukrainian people to read and pronounce.

There are two different kinds of Romanization. These methods are transliteration, representing written text, and transcription, representing the spoken words.

Transliteration is the letter-for-letter representation of text using a Latin writing system.

The International scholarly system, also called scientific transliteration, is most often seen in linguistic publications about Slavic languages. Each character represents one phoneme, one meaningful unit of sound. This is based on the Croatian Latin alphabet.

Transcription is the representation of the spoken word. Phonetic transcription represents every single sound, or phone, and can be used to compare different dialects of a language. It is more specifed as the Transliteration.

b. "gh" is used in the romanization of "зг" ("zgh"), avoiding confusion with "ж" ("zh").
c. The second variant is used at the beginning of a word.

Magical DoReMi

Magical DoReMi is a shojo anime that follows the adventures of three elementary school girls as they help Majo Rika turn back into a human being. The anime is geared at girls aged 7-14. 

The series aired in Japan on TV Asahi between February 1999 and January 2003. It has four seasons and 201 episodes. There are also 2 spin-off seasons and 3 fillms, the newest being ""Looking For Witch Apprentices"".


The story begins in a town named Misora. Doremi Harukaze is a third-grader who is interested in magic. After a bad day at school, Doremi wanders into a part of town that is unfamiliar. She then sees Maho-Do, an old magic shop, and decides to look inside. There she finds Majo Rika. As Doremi looks around she finds out that it is a real magic shop and that Majo Rika is a witch. When Doremi says this to Majo Rika, she turns into a Witch Frog. After this, Majo Rika and her fairy, Lala, decide to teach Doremi how to become a witch, so she can change Majo Rika back from a witch frog. Doremi happily agrees, wanting to learn magic. 

Doremi becomes a witch in training, called a "Witch Apprentice". Doremi practices using magic. She learns what it is like to be a witch from her experiences. After something very strange happens, Doremi's friends begin to ask questions. Doremi decides to take Hazuki and Aiko to Maho-Do. At Maho-Do, they learn what happened with Doremi and also become witch apprentices so they keep it a secret.

The series follows the lives of Doremi, Hazuki, and Aiko as they learn, train, and pass tests to become witches.

In the next season, ""Ojamajo Doremi Sharp"", they discover a magical rose garden, which they witnessed the birth of a magical baby, called Hana-chan.


Friedrich Nietzsche

Friedrich Nietzsche (15 October 1844 – 25 August 1900) was a German philosopher and writer. At first, he was a professor at the University of Basel. He worked in a part of classical studies called classical philology. He later wrote several books of philosophy, and is now known as one of the most important thinkers of modern times.

Nietzsche wrote a lot about how people make decisions and about how they live their lives. He attacked most of the moral ideas that were popular at the time because he did not believe that there were any real facts about what was right or wrong. He thought people should create their facts about morality.

He also often attacked the ideas of the Christian religion - he believed that the Christian idea that one should feel pity when one sees weakness was unhelpful. According to him, weak people rely on other people's love as a way of protecting themselves. Nietzsche believed that people should be stronger than that.

He thought that people should be very aware of their bodies and of the real world in which they live. He told his readers not to live in a daydream or make decisions based on unrealistic thoughts. He believed that ideas of heaven came from an inability to cope with life in the world.

Nietzsche considered the world to be one connected thing, including mankind and nature. He invented the idea of the "will to power". This idea is that everyone and everything is trying to overcome itself, or defeat or take control of itself. Therefore, if the world is just one thing, this is the force that makes the world.

Nietzsche thought that human beings would be successful at overcoming themselves, and he thought that when they did, they would be different and better. He named the person who would do this someday "Superman" (or "Übermensch" in German). He thought that the supermen would be stronger than normal humans, and not restricted by other people's ideas of right and wrong.

Adolf Hitler, the German Chancellor and leader of the Nazis in World War II, read Nietzsche's work. Some people say that Hitler did not understand Nietzsche's ideas, but he used them to try to show that his actions were right. Hitler and Benito Mussolini used the term "Übermensch" to refer to the Aryan race. However he was not popular among all fascists.

Nietzsche wrote in a very fiery and exciting way. However, what he wrote later in his life became more and more odd. When he was forty years old, Nietzsche went insane. Supposedly, one day in the city of Turin, Italy, he saw a horse being whipped by its owner and ran to save it, hugging it around the throat. After this, Nietzsche never wrote again and could not look after himself. This illness may have been caused by the disease syphillis, or a brain tumour.

His writing and ideas are still popular and of interest to academics and intellectuals.

In the late 1880s Georg Brandes developed a philosophy called "aristocratic radicalism" inspired by Nietzsche's idea of the "overman." 

Nietzsche is associated with anarchism, but his writing seems to have a negative opinion of anarchists. Anarcha-feminist Emma Goldman was deeply influenced by his work.



Movie screen

A movie screen is a surface on which a movie projector plays a movie. They are sometimes a wall, sometimes a cloth, and sometimes paper. Theaters have movie screens, and some people have them at home. Movable movie screens are made to be used where there is not a movie screen already. Screens are white or grey so that the movie shows up nicely on the screen. This lets the people watching the movie see it easily.
Modern day movie screens are made from PVC sheets that are joined together by welding in such a way that the screen appears to be in a single piece. 

Metallica

Metallica is an American thrash metal/heavy metal band. The band started in Los Angeles in 1981, and helped make the thrash sub-genre of heavy metal. The band is one of the "Big Four" of early thrash metal, with Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax. They are well known for many of their songs, including "Master of Puppets", "The Unforgiven", "One", "Enter Sandman", and "Nothing Else Matters". Since then, they have become one of the most popular and successful bands in metal, and have sold over 100 million albums worldwide. The band's fifth album, "Metallica", has sold over 22 million copies, making it one of the top 20 best selling albums of all time. Metallica's current members are guitarist and singer James Hetfield, drummer Lars Ulrich, guitarist Kirk Hammett and bassist Robert Trujillo. Hetfield and Ulrich write most of the band's songs.

Metallica became popular when they released their third album, "Master of Puppets", in 1986. It is called the band's best album. The band was nominated for a Grammy Award for their fourth album, "...And Justice For All," in 1988. Their next album, "Metallica", was their most popular. The band's latest studio album is "72 Seasons." 

Metallica has sold over 125 total albums.

The band formed after drummer Lars Ulrich placed an advertisement in a newspaper saying that he was looking for musicians to help him cover songs by Tygers of Pang Tang, Diamond Head, and Led Zeppelin. James Hetfield, a guitarist who would become the lead singer of Metallica, answered the advertisement. Later, Lars and James would be joined by another young guitar player looking for a band named Dave Mustaine. Ulrich, Hetfield, Mustaine, and bass player Ron McGovney started playing in the band. Ulrich and Hetfield saw another bass player, Cliff Burton, playing at a concert, and asked him to join the band to replace McGovney. This was because McGovney was having trouble getting along with other band members. Burton joined the band after Ulrich and Hetfield agreed to move from Los Angeles to San Francisco. In 1983, Mustaine was kicked out of the band for his drug and alcohol problems and violent behavior, and was replaced with guitarist Kirk Hammett who left his previous band, Exodus. Mustaine went on to form his own band named Megadeth. They became very popular in the metal scene, and have become one of Metallica's metal contemporaries, along with Slayer and Anthrax. All four bands are known as the "Big Four" of thrash metal.

In 1983, Metallica released their first studio album "Kill 'Em All", on which few of the songs were still credited to Mustaine. One year later, Metallica released their second studio album "Ride the Lightning". "Ride the Lightning" and "The Call of Ktulu," the album's final track, were the band's last songs to give Dave Mustaine writing credits. Metallica was one of few bands at the time to deviate from the then popular hair/glam metal trend that was taking place during the 1980s, led by bands like Poison and Mötley Crüe.

In 1986, Metallica released their third studio album, "Master of Puppets", which is widely considered to be one of the greatest heavy metal albums of all time. On September 27, 1986, Cliff Burton was killed when the band's tour bus crashed in Sweden. Burton was subsequently replaced by Jason Newsted after auditioning.

With Newsted as bassist, Metallica released their fourth studio album "...And Justice for All", reaching #6 on the "Billboard 200". The album features the song "One," which won a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1990. The album is criticized for its production and inaudible bass guitar, which is commonly believed to be a result of Jason Newsted's hazing, during which the other members turned down the bass guitar volume on the album. The album is also known for having much more complex song structures than previous albums.

Metallica reached even greater success with their self-titled fifth studio album, which debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 and has sold over 15 million copies in the United States. The album won a Grammy for Best Metal Performance in 1992, being Metallica's third consecutive Grammy (the second being their cover of Queen's "Stone Cold Crazy").

On August 8, 1992, when the band was playing in Montreal, James Hetfield accidentally walked into a 12 foot high blast of fire on stage. He had second and third degree burns. Fortunately, he recovered and was performing with the band again seventeen days after the accident.

Metallica's music shifted towards a more mainstream hard rock style, and continued their success with Load and ReLoad, released in 1996 and 1997, which both debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200. Despite the albums' success, many fans were unhappy with the large change of style from Metallica's previous albums.

In 1998, Metallica released Garage, Inc., which was an album of cover songs by many of the artists that influenced Metallica, such as Motörhead, Mercyful Fate, Thin Lizzy, and Blue Öyster Cult.

In 2001, Newsted left Metallica to start his own project, , much against the band's wishes, particularly James Hetfield. Their eighth studio album, "St. Anger", was released in 2003, with producer playing bass after Newsted's departure. "St. Anger" also debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, but was even further disliked by fans than Load and Reload. Shortly after the release of "St. Anger", bassist Robert Trujillo joined the band after a long auditioning process with many bassists. At Trujillo's request, his audition song was Battery, a very fast-paced song from "Master of Puppets".

"Death Magnetic", the band's ninth studio album, was released in September 2008, and debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, making Metallica the first band to achieve five consecutive #1 albums in United States. "Death Magnetic" showed a return to the band's thrash metal roots. From 2008 to 2010, Metallica performed their supporting the album's release. The tour concluded in Melbourne, Australia November 21, 2010.

In June 2010, Metallica attended the Sonisphere Festival in Sofia, Bulgaria with the rest of the Big 4, alongside Anthrax, Megadeth and Slayer. Between Metallica's encores, all four bands took the stage to perform "Am I Evil?" by .

In 2011, "Lulu", a collaboration album between Metallica and Lou Reed, was released. Many Metallica fans were dissatisfied due to stylistic differences between Reed and Metallica, but the album has managed to garner success.

In October 2013, Hetfield stated in an interview that the band would start working on their next album in early 2014.

Timeline

Time bomb

A time bomb is bomb whose detonation is triggered by the timer on it or a mechanism causing it to explode. When the timer reaches zero, the bomb will explode. 

1655

1655 was a common year.

1400s

These are some important events that happened in the years from 1400 to 1410.































1412

1412 (MCDXII) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



Zinedine Zidane

Zinedine Zidane (born 23 June 1972, nicknamed Zizou, Yaz and ZZ) is a French former football player who is set to be the manager of the France national football team after the 2022 FIFA World Cup. He played for four European clubs and the French national team. He was the manager of Real Madrid from 2016 to 2021.

Zidane was born in Marseille, France and is of Kabyle Berber descent.

Zidane played for several famous football clubs, like Juventus of Italy and Real Madrid of Spain. He led France to win the 1998 FIFA World Cup and the 2000 European Football Championship. In 2002 he also won the UEFA Champions League for Real Madrid, which was the ninth championship for Real Madrid. Zidane was picked as the FIFA World Player of the Year three times. He led France to the 2006 World Cup final and was arguably the best player in the tournament. He is widely regarded to be one of the greatest players of his generation and of all time.

In 2006, Zidane announced that he would retire after the World Cup. Zidane was famous for headbutting Marco Materazzi in the chest during the 2006 FIFA World Cup final at the 110th minute of extra time and was sent off with a red card. France eventually lost 5-3 in penalties to Italy and got second place. This incident was widely known as the Zidane headbutt. There is even a sculpture of it in Doha, Qatar.


Juventus

Real Madrid

France U16

France

Individual


Real Madrid

Individual




Babylon

Babylon was a city-state of ancient Mesopotamia, in present-day Iraq, about 85 kilometers (55 mi) south of Baghdad. All that remains of the original ancient city of Babylon today is a mound of broken mud-brick buildings and debris in the fertile Mesopotamian plain between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers.

Babylon was at first a small town which sprung up at the beginning of the 3rd millennium BCE. The town flourished and became well-known and important. Babylon eclipsed Nippur as the 'holy city' of Mesopotamia. This was about from 612 to 539 BCE. It was the time Hammurabi first unified the Babylonian Empire. Babylon became the capital city of the Neo-Babylonian Empire .

The Hanging Gardens of Babylon were one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.

During the reign of Sennacherib of Assyria, Babylonia was in a constant state of revolt, It was only pacified by the complete destruction of the city of Babylon. In 689 BCE, its walls, temples and palaces were razed, and the rubble was thrown into the Arakhtu, the river on the south side of the city. This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia. After the murder of Sennacherib by two of his sons, his successor Esarhaddon hurried to rebuild the old city. He was crowned there, and it was where he lived for part of the year.

In the later overthrow of the Assyrian Empire, the Babylonians saw another example of divine vengeance.

Babylon threw off the Assyrian rule in 612 BCE and became the capital of the Neo-Babylonian Chaldean Empire.

With the recovery of Babylonian independence, a new era of building followed, and Nebuchadnezzar II (604–561 BCE) made Babylon into one of the wonders of the ancient world. Nebuchadnezzar ordered the complete reconstruction of the imperial grounds, including rebuilding the Etemenanki ziggurat and the construction of the Ishtar Gate — the most spectacular of eight gates that ringed the perimeter of Babylon. All that was ever found of the Original Ishtar gate was the foundation and scattered bricks.

Nebuchadnezzar is also credited with the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon (one of the seven wonders of the ancient world), said to have been built for his homesick wife Amyitis. Whether the gardens did exist is a matter of dispute. Historians disagree about the location, and some believe it may have been confused with gardens in Nineveh.

In 539 BCE, the Neo-Babylonian Empire fell to Cyrus the Great, the king of Persia, in the Battle of Opis. The walls of Babylon were very high and very thick. The only way into the city was through one of its many gates. The Euphrates flowed next to the walls and Cyrus decided to use the river to get into the city. Cyrus' troops diverted the Euphrates river. This caused the level of the river to drop allowing soldiers to enter the city.

The Babylonians had held a celebration that evening. The Persian Army took over most of the city before the Babylonians had become aware that the Persians had gotten into the city. The account was reported by Herodotus, and is also mentioned in the Hebrew Bible. Cyrus claimed the city by walking through the gates of Babylon with little or no resistance from the drunken Babylonians.

Cyrus later issued a decree allowing people, including the Jews, to return to their own land. This is mentioned in the Old Testament. It allowed Jews' temple to be rebuilt in Jerusalem.

Under Cyrus and the subsequent Persian king Darius the Great, Babylon became the capital city of the 9th Satrapy (Babylonia in the south and Athura in the north). It was a centre of learning and scientific advancement. In Achaemenid Persia, the Babylonian arts of astronomy and mathematics were revitalised. Babylonian scholars made maps of constellations. The city was the administrative capital of the Persian Empire. This empire was the most powerful of the then known world. Many important archaeological discoveries have been made that improve our understanding of that era.

The early Persian kings had tried to keep the religious ceremonies of Marduk. By the reign of Darius III, over-taxation and numerous wars had led to a deterioration of Babylon's main shrines and canals, and the disintegration of the region. Despite three rebellions in 522 BCE, 521 BCE and 482 BCE, the land and city of Babylon remained under Persian rule for two centuries. In 331 BCE, Alexander the Great took over. Under the Parthian Empire, Babylon continued to shrink and lose importance.

1359

1359 was a common year.


1389

1389 was a common year.


Genetic engineering

Genetic engineering (GE), also called genetic modification, is a branch of applied biology. It is the changing of an organism's genome using biotechnology. These methods are recent discoveries. The techniques are advanced, and full details are not given here.

This is an overview of what can be done: 
An organism that is altered by genetic engineering is a genetically modified organism (GMO). The first GMOs were bacteria in 1973; GM mice were made in 1974. Insulin-producing bacteria were commercialized in 1982. Genetically modified food has been sold since 1994, including crops.

Genetic engineering techniques have been used in research, agriculture, industrial biotechnology, and medicine. Enzymes used in laundry detergent, and medicines such as insulin and human growth hormone are now manufactured in GM cells. GM animals such as mice or zebrafish are being used for research purposes.

Critics have objected to use of genetic engineering on several grounds, including ethical concerns, ecological concerns. Economic concerns are raised by the fact GM techniques and GM organisms are subject to intellectual property law. Ecological concerns are more subtle. There is a risk that some genetically modified ("GM") organisms may be better adapted to some niche in nature, and will take away some the habitat of the regular species.

The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was won in 2012 by John B. Gurdon and Shinya Yamanaka for "the discovery that "mature cells can be reprogrammed to become pluripotent". The Nobel Prize for 
2020 was won by Emmanuelle Charpentier and Jennifer Doudna for "the development of a method for genome editing". Together, these awards show how close we are to the practical use of genetic changes which could fix many medical problems.

The ability to construct long base pair chains cheaply and accurately on a large scale allows researchers to do experiments on genomes that do not exist in nature. The field of 'synthetic genomics' is beginning to enter a productive stage.

GMOs (genetically modified organisms) are involved in controversies over GM food. Is the food produced from GM crops safe? Should it be labeled, and are GM crops needed to address the world's food needs? These controversies have led to litigation, international trade disputes, and protests, and to restrictive regulation of commercial products in most countries.

We can now produce and use GM and GE seeds. Some large countries like India and China have already decided that GM farming is what they need to feed their populations. Other countries are still debating the issue. This debate involves scientists, farmers, politicians, companies and UN agencies. Even those involved in the production of GM seedlings are not in total agreement.


Kim Il-Sung

Kim Il Sung (, ""; 15 April 1912 – 8 July 1994) was the first leader of North Korea from 1948 until his death in 1994. His birth name was "Kim Song-ju". Kim created the Juche political idea. He ran North Korea differently than the Soviet Union and China.

By the late 1950s and during the 1960s and the 1970s, the North Korean economy preformed quite well and that many North Koreans enjoyed a higher standard of living than the South Koreans. By the 1980s however, the South started to take over. Despite this however, the North Korean economy still preformed quite well until the Fall of the Soviet Union, North Korea's biggest trading partner in 1991 where the North Korean economy declined and fell far behind the South. Kim died of a heart attack on 8 July 1994. He was succeeded by his son, Kim Jong-il.

Kim Il Sung's name means "one who becomes the sun". There are more than 300 statues of Kim Il Sung in North Korea.

Kim Il-Sung was Born Kim Song-ju on April 15, 1912 in the area of what is now Pyongyang during the Occupation of Korea by Japan. His Family participated in Anti-Japanese Resistance by Korea nationalists around the time when Kim was Born. Kim and his Family fled to Manchuria. During his Time in Manchuria, Kim was exposed to Marxism literature and joined Guerrilla activities against the Japanese by the late 1920s and early 1930s.

During the Japanese occupation of Korea, Kim Il Sung was involved with numerous opposition guerrilla groups.

In 1945, after the Soviet Union declared war on Japan, the United States bombed Japan at Hiroshima and Nagasaki, severely weakening the Japanese Empire. The Soviet Red Army entered Japanese-Korea and captured Pyongyang with little difficulty. They made Kim Il Sung the leader of the North Korean branch of the Korean Communist Party and supplied him with modern Soviet tanks, trucks, arms and artillery for the Korean People's Army (KPA). The Democratic People's Republic of Korea was declared on September 8, 1948 despite UN resistance. Soviet leader Joseph Stalin installed Kim as leader of the new state. The southern portion of the Korean Peninsula declared itself the Republic of Korea (South Korea) in retaliation. Statues of Kim appeared in North Korea as early as 1949.

The Soviet Union recognized Kim's regime as having sovereignty over the whole Korea, including the south. It is generally accepted that Kim invaded the south by his own decision and that the Soviets did not influence him. The south was caught completely by surprise when Kim's army invade in the early morning of June 25, 1950. The KPA captured Seoul and most of the south apart from Pusan in the south-east. UN forces backed mostly by the United States landed in Korea and began to push the KPA back north. Firstly, the UN forces managed to push the KPA back behind the 38th parallel (the imaginary line that divided the Koreas during the war). The newly formed People's Republic of China was at first reluctant to the idea that the Koreas would be reunited under Kim's regime but accepted when Kim told them that Stalin approved the invasion.

It was put to a UN vote on whether UN forces should attempt to gain control of Korea under democratic rule. The motion was passed since the Soviet Union was not present during the vote. Had the Soviets vetoed the proposal, the UN forces would not have been able to press further into Korea. Eventually UN forces captured Pyongyang and Kim's government was forced to flee north over the Yalu River into China. The Chinese army mobilized and eventually crossed the Yalu River and fought alongside the KPA and Red Army against US, British and UN forces. Eventually they reached a stalemate since neither force could gain full sovereignty of the peninsula. An armistice was signed on July 27, 1953 ending three years of fighting and established the two sovereign nations of North Korea and South Korea. Since no peace treaty was signed, the two Koreas are technically still in a state of war with each other.

During the early years, North Korea was ahead of its southern neighbor economically; most likely due to Soviet and Chinese aid. Kim installed a centrally-planned Soviet-style command economy. The means of production was controlled by the government and food prices were fixed instead of being allowed to rise and fall like in a market system. Kim Il Sung formally became leader of North Korea with the establishment of the constitution of the DPRK in 1972 which identified him as President of the republic.

To coincide with Kim Il Sung's seventieth birthday in 1982, a 170m tall tower called the "Juche Tower" was built. It was made up from 25,550 stone blocks; one for each day of Kim's life.

It is a legal requirement to have a portrait of him, alongside his son Kim Jong Il, hanging in one's home. Everyone is issued a special cloth to dust and clean the portraits.

In the 1980s a calcium deposit developed on the back of Kim Il Sung's neck. It swelled up to the size of an orange at its greatest extent. It was quickly determined that an operation to remove it was not possible due to its close proximity to his spine. North Korean reporters were thereafter forbidden to photograph Kim Il Sung from the right.

In 1997 with Kim Jong Il fully consolidating his power after the death of his father, North Korea abandoned the Gregorian calendar that is used in the rest of the world. Instead they use the "Juche" calendar which starts from the year of Kim Il Sung's birth (1912) as being year 1. For example, 2015 would be written as "Juche" 104. To calculate the date in Juche years, simply subtract 1911 from the current year. Dates are often written in North Korea with "Juche" first; for example: April 12, "Juche" 104 (2015).

In the early 1990s, North Korea began to experience a famine, labelled as the "'Great Famine"'. At the same time the Soviet Union was going through serious economic and social changes as well as suffering a stagnating economy. The Soviets, who had supplied the DPRK with food amongst other things since the late 1940s, began to demand the North Koreans to pay them back; money that the DPRK did not posses. The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 and food aid stopped almost immediately. Kim Il Sung's centrally planned economic system, where the government plans the economic output in advance, proved to be too inflexible to avoid the economic disaster. On the 8th of July 1994, Kim Il Sung had a heart attack and died shortly afterwards, leaving his country severely bankrupt, malnourished and isolated.

A mourning period was declared after he died and did not officially end until 1997; three years after death. His son, the long-groomed successor, Kim Jong Il succeeded him as supreme leader of North Korea. Kim Jong Il did not become president since Il-Sung was given the honorary title of "'Eternal President"'. Instead he was named General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (leader of the ruling party). North Korea is therefore the world's only country that is technically led by a dead man.

State propaganda portrayed Kim Il Sung as a god to the people and when he died many people felt lost, distressed and confused as many believed that he could not die.

Nucleophilic substitution

A nucleophilic substitution is a chemical reaction. It is a type of substitution, or replacing, reaction. It happens when one nucleophile replaces another one on an atom. The other group leaves the atom and is called a leaving group.

There are different types of nucleophilic substitution. Which type happens depends on the type of the atoms and molecules involved. The two main categories of nucleophilic substitution are the SN1 reaction and the SN2 reaction.

Eruption

Eruption means "breaking out" (from Latin), for example:

Eruption can also mean: 

Brasschaat

Brasschaat is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 37133 people lived there.

It is at 51° 17 North, 04° 29 East.

There has always a big military force in Brasschaat. After World War II there were more military-related things. Including the defence buildings made to stop the Nazi's from reaching The port of Antwerp. Now most of them are closed or are used to train the soldiers. 

Brasschaat is called green because of the many parks and woods, such as the Peerdsbos, the parc of Brasschaat, De uitlegger, and De instlag.

Walloon

Walloon might mean:


Okapi

The okapi ("Okapia johnstoni") is an even-toed ungulate mammal from central Africa. With the giraffe they form the family Giraffidae.

The okapi has a reddish brown body, a whitish gray face, and white and black stripes on its legs. The okapi has a few features that show its link to giraffes. Its height is not as large as giraffes.

Okapis live in the rainforests of central Africa, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

They are mostly active during the day. Okapis eat mostly leaves and buds from trees, but also grass, ferns, fruit, and fungi.

Okapis usually live alone. After 420 to 450 days of pregnancy the mother gives birth to one baby okapi, which drinks milk for up to 6 months. Okapis become mature when they are 4-5 years old. In captivity, okapis can live for 30 years or so.

The okapi was unknown and a mystery to western researchers for a long time. In the past, scientists thought that the okapi was a mix between the giraffe and the zebra.

The "International Society for Cryptozoology" uses the okapi as its symbol, because the okapi was unknown for a long time. 


Giraffidae

Giraffids are mammals, in the order of the even-toed ungulates. The family has two living species, the giraffe and the okapi.


The giraffe and the okapi both live in Africa, south of the Sahara Desert. The giraffe lives in open savannas, while the okapi lives in the rainforests of the Congo.

Both animals have long necks and legs and long blue tongues. Male and female giraffes and male okapis have small horn-like stumps on their heads which are covered with skin.

Giraffes are the tallest animal living on land, with a height of over 5 m. Okapis are smaller, only up to 2 m tall.

Amman

Amman (), is the capital of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and the capital of the Amman Governorate. It is the largest city in the Kingdom and one of the largest Arab cities in terms of population, with a population in 2014 of about 4 million, which also makes it one of the fastest growing cities in the world. The city is located in the center of the Kingdom at latitude 31 north and longitude 35 east in an area covering 20 mountains.

Amman is the commercial and administrative center of Jordan and its economic and educational heart. Amman has become a magnet for many Arab communities due to its distinguished location and contemporary architecture. Amman attracts many tourists annually from Western Europe, North America, Japan, South Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, and from the neighboring and nearby Arab countries. Many families of the Arab Gulf countries in particular visit the city, as there are many tourist attractions in general and medical treatment in particular. As a result of Amman’s location in such a strategic location in the Levant and the Middle East, its location controls the national economy and drives 90% of investment at the national level.

The history of Amman dates back to the seventh millennium BC, and thus it is considered one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world. Amman is an ancient city built on the ruins of a city known as “Rabbath Ammon,” later “Philadelphia,” and finally “Amman,” a modification from “Rabbath Ammon,” and the Ammonites took it as their capital. The city was established on seven hills, and it seems that it was the center of the region at that time. It is one of the four capitals of the Levant. It is also one of the ancient Levantine cities that became the capital of the Emirate of Transjordan and then the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan after its independence in 1946 from Britain.

Modern Amman is inhabited by a diverse group of residents of different origins who came from different regions. Some of them came from nearby Jordanian cities, some came from Palestine, and some came from the Caucasus, Syria and Iraq.

The Greater Amman Municipality has recently witnessed a huge development, as Amman has expanded in a way that the city has never seen before. Amman's comprehensive plan has won international awards, including the Global Leadership Award in Urban Planning and the City Award for the Asian Continent for 2007. The number of administrative regions in the Greater Amman Municipality is 22 geographically distributed regions, each region contains its staff. As for the administrative aspect, there is the Greater Amman Municipality Council, which includes 68 members headed by the Mayor of the Capital, and the council is in turn divided into 14 different committees.

It is noteworthy that March 2 was adopted as "city of Amman day" the after the Jordanian Cabinet approved a decision in the beginning of 2021, as part of the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Jordanian state.


Riyadh

Riyadh (/rɨˈjɑːd/; "ar-Riyāḍ" ) is the capital and most populous city of Saudi Arabia. It is also the capital of Riyadh Province, and belongs to the historical regions of Nejd and Al-Yamama. It is in the center of the Arabian Peninsula on a large plateau, and is home to 6.5 million people.

The city is divided into 15 municipal districts, managed by Riyadh Municipality headed by the mayor of Riyadh, and the Riyadh Development Authority, chaired by the governor of Riyadh Province, Faisal bin Bandar Al Saud. The current mayor of Riyadh is Ibrahim Mohammed Al Sultan. He was appointed mayor in 2015. It has been designated a global city.

During the Pre-Islamic era the city at the site was called "Hajr" (), and was reportedly founded by the tribe of Banu Hanifa. Hajr served as the capital of the province of Al Yamamah, whose governors were responsible for most of central and eastern Arabia during the Umayyad and Abbasid eras. Al-Yamamah broke away from the Abbasid Empire in 866 and the area fell under the rule of the Ukhaydhirites, who moved the capital from Hajr to nearby Al Kharj. The city then went into a long period of decline. In the 14th century, North African traveller Ibn Battuta wrote of his visit to Hajr, describing it as "the main city of Al-Yamamah, and its name is Hajr". Ibn Battuta goes on to describe it as a city of canals and trees with most of its inhabitants belonging to Bani Hanifa, and reports that he continued on with their leader to Mecca to perform the Hajj.

Riyadh is divided into fifteen branch municipalities, in addition to the Diplomatic Quarter. Each branch municipality in turn contains several districts, amounting to over 130 in total, though some districts are divided between more than one branch municipality. The branch municipalities are Al-Shemaysi, Irqah, Al-Ma'athar, Al-Olayya, Al-Aziziyya, Al-Malaz, Al-Selayy, Nemar, Al-Neseem, Al-Shifa, Al-'Urayja, Al-Bat'ha, Al-Ha'ir, Al-Rawdha, and Al-Shimal ("the North"). Olaya District is the commercial heart of the city, with accommodation, entertainment, dining and shopping options. The Kingdom Center, Al Faisalyah and Al-Tahlya Street are the area's most prominent landmarks. The centre of the city, Al-Bathaa and Al-Dir'iyyah, is also its oldest part.

Classified as having a hot desert climate (Köppen: "BWh"), temperatures during the summer months are extremely hot. The average high temperature in August is 43.6 °C. Winters are warm with cool, windy nights. The overall climate is arid, and the city experiences very little rainfall, especially in summer, but receives a fair amount of rain in March and April. It is also known to have dust storms during which the dust can be so thick that visibility is under . On 1 and 2 April 2015, a massive dust storm hit Riyadh, causing suspension of classes in many schools in the area and cancellation of hundreds of flights, both domestic and international.

Popular culture

Popular culture is culture which interests the general masses of people. It is influenced and spread by mass media. People experience or learn popular culture by hearing popular music on the radio, watching television, playing video games, or reading popular books and magazines. Popular culture may affect all kinds of knowledge or thought, including art, religion, or language. 

Popular culture does not follow any one system of ideas, customs, philosophy, religion, or morality. Some of its forms include grammar, language, or pictures that are not accepted under a society's customs. For this reason a society or government may not approve of popular culture. If a government thinks that any form of it may harm people or cause society to change in a bad way, the government may ban it. This practice is known as censorship. In some countries popular culture is protected under freedom of speech or other rights. 

The United States is an industrialized country (see industrialization) in which citizens use mass media. Its government protects language and cultures under freedom of speech. The U.S. has had periods of popular culture since the 20th century. For instance, after World War II a group of children known as Baby boomers experienced a sudden expansion of popular culture.


Psychiatric hospital

A psychiatric hospital is a place where mentally ill people are kept so they can be treated.

Doctors who work at psychiatric hospitals are called psychiatrists. On some occasions people choose to be in a psychiatric hospital due to their emotional or physical health, though sometimes psychiatrists can put people in hospitals who do not want to be there, because they think the people are dangerous to themselves or other people. A halfway house or group home is a place for patients who have left the psychiatric hospital and are slowly being released into society.

Psychiatric hospitals used to be called lunatic asylums. Earlier asylums like the old Bethlem Royal Hospital in London (nicknamed "Bedlam") were like prisons. Patients received no treatment and were often imprisoned and chained. Philippe Pinel got rid of the chains in his lunatic asylum when he took over. In the 19th century, new asylums were built. These were designed to be pleasant places with gardens and airy rooms, and later became known as psychiatric hospitals. Although they no longer looked like prisons, patients still had little freedom or hope of leaving. The term institutionalisation means when someone has lived in a hospital (or some other place like a prison) for so long that they cannot cope with living outside of it.

In the middle of the 20th century, new drugs were invented that made it easier to treat mental illness. Governments began to look for ways to care for patients outside of hospitals. They believed it would lead to better care for patients and save money. This is known as deinstitutionalisation. Since the 1970s, many countries have closed large numbers of psychiatric hospitals. Mentally ill patients are now also cared for in local hospitals, small clinics and in their own homes.

Military camp

A military camp or bivouac is a semi-permanent facility for where an army stays when it is not at its military base. Camps are erected when a military force travels away from a major installation or fort during training. It is also used for operations, and often form large campsites.

In the Roman era the military camp served an entire legion. Archaeological investigations have revealed many details of these Roman camps in places such as England and Scotland.

Private (rank)

A private is the lowest rank of the Army or Marines. The rank is earned after joining the service or graduating from a military camp.

Spinster

A spinster is an older word for an unmarried woman. A word used more often today is "single woman" or "bachelorette". 

A spinster is also someone who spins yarn from wool using a spinning wheel. Spinsters use the yarn to make clothes like a tailor, seamster, seamstress. One famous spinster is the girl in the story of Rumpelstiltskin.

Dick Clark

Dick Clark (November 30, 1929 — April 18, 2012) was an American television entertainer. He was nicknamed "the world's oldest teenager". From the 1950s to the 2000s, he entertained people from around the United States, as well as the rest of the world. He also hosted game shows, including "The $100,000 Pyramid". His other shows included "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest". Clark died on the morning of April 18, 2012 in Santa Monica, California from a heart attack.


Perl

Perl is a programming language invented by Larry Wall to process text. The programming language has been changed many times to do some other things. Some of these things are tasks like making web pages show information in a better way than before, or take information and show it in a way that makes more sense to people. Perl code is written using some symbols besides letters and numbers.

Perl is very good at searching through text looking for patterns, which lets people find words that they may be looking for, or also let people find words they are looking for, and change them with different words much more quickly than they would if they had to do it one word at a time.

Perl is also a high-level programming language. A high-level language has advanced features which let the programmer tell the computer what to do without having to worry about how the computer is going to do it as compared to low-level programming languages which often require more programmer effort. 

An example Hello World program in Perl:
say 'Hello World!'

You can use variables in Perl.

A variable is a box where you can put items. In Perl, some variables starts with their own sigil. A sigil is the way to tell the Perl interpreter about what type of variable you are using. Variables can be scalar, array, hash, handle, regular expression, typeglob or subroutine.

For example:

my $a_scalar = 2;
my $b = 5.29 ;
my $c = "a string";
my $d = 'another';
my @e = ($b,3,4,$c,$d);
my %f = ('a'=>$b,'cad'=>'pqr',$c=>$d);
The Comprehensive Perl Archive Network, aka CPAN, hosts a large number of extensions to Perl which may be downloaded for free.


Johannes Kepler

Johannes Kepler (27 December 1571 – 15 November 1630) was a German mathematics teacher, astronomer, optician, natural philosopher, astrologer and Lutheran theologian.

He was Tycho Brahe's apprentice. Tycho Brahe looked at the way the planets moved in the sky. Johannes Kepler found a simple way to say how the planets move. Kepler also studied other things like Kepler's supernova.

A planet moves along a path called an orbit. Kepler used three laws to say what form the path has and how fast the planet moves


Kepler published the first two laws in 1609, and the third in 1619.





Pascal

Pascal is a programming language.
It was created in 1970 by Niklaus Wirth, to help people learn how to make computer programs.

Now, there are many different dialects of the language, some of which support object-oriented programming.
In 1990 the “Pascal” and “Extended Pascal” standards were registered with the International Organization for Standardization.

Every variable has to be declared before it is used.
Pascal is a strongly typed programming language:
Every variable has a data type.
You are only allowed to assign values to the variable that are valid for the data type.
This ensures that the programmer does not make unintentional mistakes.

Pascal is a imperative language.
The language distinguishes between procedures and functions.
A function returns a value, a procedure does not.
As such, a function call appears in an expression, whereas a procedure invocation is a statement.

This code prints Hello world! at console window:

program helloWorld(output);
begin
end.
This code calculate factorial of a positive integer, using recursion.

program factorialDemo(input, output);

function factorial(n: integer): integer;
begin
end;

var
begin
end.

Hymen

The hymen (also called maidenhead) is tissue that surrounds or partially covers the external vaginal opening. The hymen has no known use. People used to believe that the hymen always tears after having sexual intercourse for the first time, and that you could tell if a woman was a virgin by looking at her hymen and seeing if it was torn. However, it turns out that it is impossible to tell if someone is a virgin by looking at their hymen. Studies have confirmed that all girls are born with hymens.

There are several different types of hymen. In about 1 in 2,000 females, the hymen does not develop at all. The hymen may also not have a hole in it; this is called an "imperforate hymen". In this case a hole will need to be surgically cut into it to allow menstrual fluid (period blood) out.

Other types are:


When a girl reaches puberty, the hymen becomes stretchy. The hymen may be damaged by girls fall directly onto sharp objects . Sexual intercourse is another easy way to damage the hymen along with horseback riding and biking. A woman's hymen can also break while playing some sports

These animals all have a hymen:

There are many more animals which have hymens, but not all are listed here.

When a fetus is developing, there is no vaginal opening. The hymen comes from the skin covering the vagina at that time.

In young babies, the hymen is thick and pink. This is because the mother is giving the baby hormones through breast feeding which keeps it thick. In adolescent girls, the hymen becomes thin, smooth and delicate because she has stopped taking in hormones. The hymen becomes very sensitive and can easily cause pain if touched. From puberty, the hymen gets thicker again and becomes pale pink. This is because of the hormone estrogen.


Maidenhead

Maidenhead is a town in England in Berkshire. About 60,000 people live in the town. The town is about 25 miles (41 kilometres) from London. It is named after a wharf that was built there in 1297. It lies on the River Thames.

G-spot

The Gräfenberg spot (usually called G-spot) is defined as a highly sensitive area near the entrance inside of the human vagina. It is believed to be a part of the urethral sponge. Some people believe it is a bundle of nerves in the female human reproductive system. If the area is stimulated, this can cause pleasurable sensations, female ejaculation and a strong orgasm in some women. Some doctors and researchers who specialize in the anatomy of women say that there is no anatomical evidence for the spot.

The "G-spot" concept was named by Addiego and others in 1981 or by Beverly Whipple and others in 1982. It is named after the German gynaecologist, Ernst Gräfenberg. Gräfenberg wrote first about "The Role of Urethra in Female Orgasm" in 1950. A book was first published about the G-spot in 1982, called "The G Spot and Other Recent Discoveries About Human Sexuality", by three authors from the United States: Alice Kahn Ladas, a psychologist; Beverly Whipple, a registered nurse and sex counselor; and John D. Perry, a psychologist.

Although typically described as near the entrance inside of the vagina, reports of the G-spot's location vary and therefore it has no specific place to be found. However, there are two methods which are used to find it:

Some women say that they have "deeper" orgasms when the G-spot is stimulated. One research team experimented with the vagina by trying to touch the G-spot in certain places under experimental conditions; they found that in most cases, women had a sensitive area near the front of the vagina.

Some people, including doctors, do not believe that the G-spot exists. When the book "The G Spot and Other Recent Discoveries About Human Sexuality" was published in 1982, there was significant criticism. Some people who are not doctors simply say that it is a "highly sensitive area" in the vagina.

Scientists have carried out tests trying to find the G-spot and have not found any consistent or definitive evidence of it, and most of them believe that, if it does exist, it is an extension of the clitoris.


Skene's gland

Skene's glands (also called lesser vestibular glands or paraurethral glands) are glands in the upper wall of the vagina. They empty into the urethra. Their location is known as the Gräfenberg spot. In males, their homologue is the prostate gland.

The glands are named after the person who described them first, Alexander Skene. He was a physician.

Bartholin's gland

The Bartholin's glands are two glands found slightly below and to the left and right of the opening of the vagina in women.

They were first found in the 17th century, by the Danish anatomist, Caspar Bartholin the Younger (1655-1738).

The glands secrete mucus to make sexual intercourse easier. Bartholin's glands secrete relatively minute amounts (one or two drops) of fluid when a woman is sexually aroused.

Sometimes, the Bartholin's glands become infected and can be swollen or painful. This can be treated by a doctor with antibiotics.



Gland

A gland is a group of cells in the body which make substances such as hormones. They are in humans and other animals, and in plants. 

Examples of glands in humans are:

Sevastopol

Sevastopol (, formerly called Sebastopol) is a large seaport and city. It is on the Crimean Peninsula, on the north side of the Black Sea. 380,000 people live in the city. It was started in 1783. The port was shared by naval forces of Ukraine and Russia until 2014 when Russia took control.

Aegukka

"Aegukka" (; ), officially translated as "Patriotic Song", is the national anthem of North Korea. To celebrate the country's independence from Japan, it was written by Pak Se-yong and composed by Kim Won-gyun, then it was adopted in 1947 shortly after.

It should not be confused with South Korea's national anthem, which has the same name but uses a different romanisation scheme. It is sometimes also known by the first bit of the song, "Achhimŭn pinnara" (), meaning "Let Morning Shine".

Aegukga

"Aegukga" (; ), meaning "The Patriotic Song", is the national anthem of the Republic of Korea (South Korea). It should not be confused with North Korea's anthem, which has the same name.

The song was sung for the first time against the colonial Japanese. The melody of the song comes from the tune of Scottish patriotic song "Auld Lang Syne".

Conquest

The word conquest can refer to different things:

Sunni Islam

Sunni Islam () is the largest branch of Islam. They are the branch of Islam that came through the Rashidun Empire, which started with Abu Bakr and ended by Ali ibn Abi Talib. Sunni beliefs are based on the Quran and the Kutub al-Sittah. Sunnis make up around 90% of the world's Muslim population. With approximately 1.8 billion followers, it is the largest religious denomination of any religion in the world. Catholicism is the second-largest. There are four sub-groups (Madh'hab)s within Sunni Islam; Malikis, Hanafis, Hanbalis and Shafi'is.

Adherents of Sunni Islam are Sunnis or Sunnites. The word "Sunni" comes from the word sunna (), which means the tradition of the prophet of Islam, Muhammad. Sunnis are also called "ahl as-sunnah wa l-jamāʻah" (), which means people of tradition and congregation; this means that the Sunnis are united.


1

Hunting

Hunting is going out to find and kill animals. Animals and some humans, hunt for food. People have hunted at least since the stone age. They used spears, and now people mostly use guns and bows. Some people kill the animals for fur, to make clothes and shelter, or to decorate their homes, or to sell. Fox hunting is sometimes a keeping animal populations from getting too high. Hunting too much, though, can kill off species of animals, making them extinct. Hunting once made the dodo, a bird, become extinct.

Before they invented herding people got meat by hunting. Boar hunting and fox hunting became became popular in early modern times. Another form of hunting is not to use guns, bows and arrows or spears, but by animal trapping. 

Animal rights activists oppose to hunting. Anti-hunting laws (English Hunting Act 2004) strive to reduce hunting. 


Tycho Brahe

Tycho Brahe (14 December 1546 — 24 October 1601) was an astronomer from Denmark. He observed the night sky before the invention of the telescope. With money from the King of Denmark he built a large observatory called Uraniborg on the island of Hven in Denmark. 

He discovered that the universe outside the Solar System could change when he studied a supernova and a comet. Johannes Kepler was his assistant. Tycho made very careful observations of the planets. When Tycho died in 1601, Kepler continued Tycho's work.

Tycho was not a modern scientist. He believed in astrology, and his astronomy was a strange mixture of scientific observation and religious belief. Although he rejected the Ptolemaic system, he also rejected the Copernican system. He developed a geocentric theory that imagined the Sun and Moon orbited the Earth, but the other planets orbited the Sun. 

Unlike most astronomers of his time, he did not believe in the unchanging celestial realm or spheres. Tycho's Nova, now called SN 1572, proved that changes did take place. Also, he worked out that comets were real celestial objects, and that their orbits were different from those of the planets.



Ellipse

An ellipse is a shape that looks like an oval or a flattened circle. 

In geometry, an ellipse is a plane curve which results from the intersection of a cone by a plane in a way that produces a closed curve. 

Circles are special cases of ellipses, created when the cutting plane is perpendicular to the cone's axis.

A circle has one center, called a focus. An ellipse has two foci. 

An ellipse is simply all points on a graph that the sum of the distances from 2 points are the same. For example, an ellipse can be made by putting two pins into cardboard and a circle of string around those two, then putting a pencil in the loop and pulling as far as possible without breaking the string in all directions. The orbits of the planets are ellipses, with the sun at one focus. 

In analytic geometry the equation of an ellipse is

formula_1 where the center of the ellipse is (h,k). 2A is the length from each end of the longer skinnier side. 2b is the length of the 2 ends of the short side. A²-B²=C² for c is the length between the foci and the center.
An ellipse can also be expressed as 
formula_2
In this case, it will be taller than it is wide.


Mantra

In Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Mantra means a group of words. There are many such groups of words. Some mantras have meanings. However, there are many mantras which are just syllables, with or without any words. Such mantras do not carry meanings. From the ancient times, Hindus, as well as in many cases, texts of Buddhism and Jainism contain many mantras.

Traditionally, people associate the mantras with various powers. However, it is more a matter of individual faith and experience than a fact of science.

The earliest examples of mantras are many hymns and verses of Vedas. People read them aloud. They thought that by doing so they would get the blessings of the gods and other beings. The system continued in Hindu practices of worship and meditation. Even now, many Hindus believe in the power of mantras to gain health and wealth. Mantras may form part of worship or people may simply recite them loudly or slowly. Some time no recitation may take place, and the person would just think of the mantra silently for long time.

Dictionary of Hindu Lore and Legend () by Anna Dallapiccola
https://vedic7.blogspot.com/2022/12/mantras.html 

Fruit tree

A fruit tree is a tree that produces edible fruits to hold its seeds. However, although every tree produces fruit, not all fruit is edible for humans. Nut trees bear such fruits as almonds, walnuts, brazil nuts.


Line of Control

The Line of Control (LOC) is the line that marks where the region of Kashmir is divided. The land on one side of the line is controlled by India, and the land on the other side is controlled by Pakistan. It is not a legal international border, but is the effective boundary between the two countries. India and Pakistan fought over Kashmir between 1947 and 1948. The line originally marked the military front when the two countries declared a ceasefire on 1/2 January 1949. The fronts gradually became a solid boundary. It was formally named the Line of Control after the , which was signed on 3 July 1972.

All of Kashmir was previously the princely state of Kashmir and Jammu. The part of the region that is now under Indian control is known as the State of Jammu and Kashmir. The two parts that are under Pakistani control are known as Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK). The Line of Control is long.

Another cease-fire line separates the Indian-controlled part of Kashmir from the Chinese-controlled area of Aksai Chin. This is further to the east and is called the Line of Actual Control (LAC). Although the other side is controlled by India, China regards this line as part of its border with Pakistan. China and Pakistan have agreed on a border, but India has not.

India has built a fence along its side of the Line of Control. It is currently long. It only runs part of the length of the line, the rest of the Line of Control is too inaccessible for construction of a barrier. Its stated purpose is to exclude arms smuggling and infiltration by Pakistani-based separatist militants. Pakistan has objected to the construction of the barrier, saying it violates both bilateral accords and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions on the region.


Detmold

Detmold (; West Low German: "Deppelt") is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia. It has about 74,000 inhabitants. Detmold is the cultural capital of the District of Lippe.


Arnsberg

Arnsberg (; is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia. It has about 74,000 inhabitants, who are mostly Catholic.

Siegen

Siegen is a city in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia. About 110,000 people live there and a university.

It has been twinned with the borough of Spandau in Berlin since 1952. Other twin cities are:

Graz

Graz is a city in Austria and capital of Styria. 

After Vienna, Graz has the second highest number of people living in the city. In 2014 the city and surrounding areas had 605,143 people. The city has six universities.

The oldest reference to Graz in historical documents is from 1128. In 1379 Graz became the capital of Inner Austria. ("Inner Austria" included Styria, Carinthia, Krain, Inner Istria and Trieste.) The Roman Empire used Graz as a stronghold to defend against enemies on the southeast. Two of the buildings created at that period ("Glockenturm" which is a clock tower, and "Uhrturm" which is a bell tower) have become landmarks of Graz.

The Historic Centre and Schloss Eggenberg is named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.


Linz

Linz is a city in Austria with nearly 200,000 inhabitants. It has a humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification). It is the third largest city in Austria, after Vienna and Graz. Linz is the capital city and a district of Upper Austria. There is the famous artcenter "Lentos" or the "Brucknerhaus" for concerts.



Innsbruck

Innsbruck (; ; ) is a city in Austria. About 120,000 people live there. It is the capital of the Austrian federal state of Tyrol and of the Tyrolean district of Innsbruck-Land District. It is one of the biggest cities of Austria. It has an area of 104.91 km2. The highest area is the Praxmarerkarspitze (2641m). The deepest one is the Inn near Ampass (565m).

The name Innsbruck comes from the German words "Inn", a river which crosses the city, and "brücke", a bridge. It means "bridge over the Inn".

<br>


Basel

Basel (French: "Bâle") is a city in the north of Switzerland. It is sometimes called Basle in English. Basel is the capital of the Swiss canton of Basel-Stadt. 

The city has a population of about 170,000 people and is the third largest city in Switzerland after Zürich and Geneva.

Basel borders Germany and France in the north and the canton of Basel-Land in the south. The Rhine river flows through the city.

Basel was a prince-bishopric from 999 until 1803. Most of the city was destroyed in the 1356 Basel earthquake, the strongest earthquake ever recorded in Central Europe. Basel joined Switzerland in 1501.

Basel is well known for the many chemical and pharmaceutical companies that are located in the city, such as Novartis, Syngenta and Hoffmann-La Roche.

The only ports in Switzerland are located along the Rhine river in Basel, which makes the city important for imports and exports to and from Switzerland. Water transport using cargo ships on the Rhine river connects Basel with the seaport of Rotterdam. Basel ports are connected to the Swiss railway and road network.

Basel shares the international airport EuroAirport Basel Mulhouse Freiburg with the French city Mulhouse.

The University of Basel was founded in 1460 and is the oldest in Switzerland and one of the oldest in the world. Erasmus, Paracelsus, Daniel Bernoulli, Leonhard Euler and Friedrich Nietzsche worked here.


Lausanne

Lausanne is a city in Switzerland. It has a population of about 140,000 people. The city is the capital of the district Lausanne. It is also the capital of the canton of Vaud. Lausanne is the fourth biggest city of Switzerland. The syndic of Lausanne (syndic is the French word for mayor in the canton of Vaud) is Grégoire Junod, from the Socialist Party, since 2016.


Porto

Porto or Oporto () is the second-largest city in Portugal after Lisbon and one of the major urban areas of the Iberian Peninsula. 

The urban area of Porto, which extends beyond the administrative limits of the city, has a population of 2.4 million  in an area of 389 km(150 sq mi), making it the second-largest urban area in Portugal. It is recognized as a gamma level global city by the Globalization and World Cities (GaWC) Study Group, the only Portuguese city besides Lisbon to be recognised as a global city.

Located along the Douro river estuary in Northern Portugal, Porto is one of the oldest European centres, and its historical core was proclaimed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996. The western part of its urban area extends to the coastline of the Atlantic Ocean. Its settlement dates back many centuries, when it was an outpost of the Roman Empire. Its combined Celtic-Latin name, Portus Cale, has been referred to as the origin of the name "Portugal", based on transliteration and oral evolution from Latin. In Portuguese, the name of the city is spelled with a definite article ("o Porto"; English: "the port"). Consequently, its English name evolved from a misinterpretation of the oral pronunciation and referred to as "Oporto" in modern literature and by many speakers.
One of Portugal's internationally famous exports, port wine, is named after Porto, since the metropolitan area, and in particular the cellars of Vila Nova de Gaia, were responsible for the packaging, transport and export of the fortified wine. In 2014 and 2017, Porto was elected "The Best European Destination" by the Best European Destinations Agency.

Fürth

Fürth (; East Franconian: ; ) is a city in the German state Bavaria, next to Nuremberg ("Nürnberg").
It has about 118,000 inhabitants. The first German railway connection was between Nürnberg and Fürth.

Reutlingen

Reutlingen is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
About 110,000 people live there.

Salzgitter

Salzgitter is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony, founded in 1942.

It has about 108,000 inhabitants.

Witten

Witten is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in the Ruhr Area and has about 100,000 inhabitants.

Moers

Moers (, formerly "Mörs") is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Moers is near to Duisburg and belongs to the Ruhr area.
It has about 110,000 inhabitants.

Castrop-Rauxel

Castrop-Rauxel is a town in the Ruhr area in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia. It has about 78,000 inhabitants.

Ratingen

Ratingen (Low Franconian: "Rotinge") is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia. It is near Düsseldorf. It has about 90,000 inhabitants.

Gland (city)

Gland is a city in Switzerland, in the canton of Vaud. In the year 2005, about 10,000 people live there. The city is halfway between Geneva and Lausanne, near Nyon.


All Quiet on the Western Front

All Quiet on the Western Front (original German title: "Im Westen nichts Neues", literally: "Nothing New on the Western Front") is a famous book by the German author Erich Maria Remarque. It was first published in 1929.

It is about a German soldier named Paul Bäumer as he fights together with his classmates in World War I. Troops are changed every couple of weeks; they are either sent to the front line or a few miles back. At the beginning, Baumer and his fellow soldiers are very full and satisfied because a very heavy bombardment killed off half of the company.

A number of soldiers and Baumer are injured one night, and all are taken to the local hospital. In there, when a nurse gives Baumer a temperature gauge, he uses a light and makes his temperature seem much higher than it really is. This is so he can go into critical care with his friends. While there, the nurses sing a hymn, which annoys the men. Baumer throws and breaks a bottle to make them shut the door.

One night, Baumer and his friends find two live pigs. They put together a feast. Baumer cooks some kind of cakes. They smoke cigarettes and drink coffee from the officer's dump and then roast the pigs. The meal is very good, but the pig meat sticks to their bowels and makes them go to the bathroom all night.

As the war draws to its end in 1918, the Germans are suffering. The food is bad and the men must keep going to the bathroom. The Americans have joined the war and are pushing back all of the ground that the Germans gained. During this time, many of Baumer's classmates die.

At the end of the novel, Baumer dies. The day was so quiet that the field commander described the day as "all quiet on the Western Front."

The book sold 2.9 million copies in 50 languages in eighteen months. It is published by Ballantine Books in 1929. This book and its sequel, "The Road Back", were banned and burned in Nazi Germany. The film version won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1930.

Cần Thơ

Can Tho is a city in the south of Vietnam.

Can Tho had a population of about 1.57 million in 2019. It is the biggest city in the Mekong delta. It is about 160 km away from Ho Chi Minh City and the capitol of the district of Can Tho, until 1975 named Hau Giang.
There is a university in Can Tho.


Vinh

Vinh is a city in north-central Vietnam. About 230,000 people live there. Its name in the Vietnamese language does not have any diacritics. It is also the kingdom of the Albino Gorillas, one of the rarest mammals in the world. They can only can be found in and around the city of Vinh. The most recent sighting of an Albino Gorilla was in 2004 by a college professor that was in Vinh studying many human cultures. Many important people of the Vietnamese revolution were born in or nearby Vinh, including Ho Chi Minh.

Dalat

Dalat (Vietnamese: Đà Lạt) is a city in southern Vietnam. It was built in the early 1900s to be a resort city for the French. Much of the buildings are European style. This is why it has the nickname "Little Paris".

The city is known for its much cooler climate than most of the rest of Vietnam. It is known for having high altitude, many pine trees, and being an excellent place to grow many different kinds of fruits, vegetables, and flowers.

It has about 120,000 inhabitants.

Pleiku

Pleiku (also Plei Cu or Plây Cu) is a city in Central Việt Nam.
It has about 120,000 inhabitants and was a strategic airport in the Second Indochinese War in the 1960s and 1970s. Its name is from the Việtnamese language (Vietnam).

Quảng Ngãi

Quảng Ngãi (Vietnamese: Thành phố Quảng Ngãi) is a city in Central Việt Nam. It has about 135,000 inhabitants.

Bordeaux

Bordeaux is a city in the Gironde department of France. It is on the Garonne River near the Atlantic Ocean. About 1,150,000 people live in the area around the city. Bordeaux has a temperate oceanic climate (Cfb in the Koeppen climate classification). It is famous for wines made in the region near the city. Bordeaux is also famous for its art.

Bordeaux is classified as a "City of Art and History". The city is home to 362 "monuments historiques". Some buildings date back to Roman times. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

In about 300 BC Bordeaux was the settlement of a Celtic tribe. They named the town Burdigala. 
The Romans began rule of the city around 60 BC. Later it became capital of Roman Aquitaine. In the 400s the city was looted by the Vandals, Visigoths, and Franks.

After the Battle of Poitiers, Duke Eudes was able to hold only a small part of Aquitaine where Bordeaux was located. It became one of the last cities to fall under King Pepin the Short.

Bordeaux once again became an important city after the marriage of Duchess Eléonore of Aquitaine with Count Henri Plantagenet. He became King Henry II of England only months after their marriage. 

In 1653 Bordeaux was added to the Kingdom of France, when the army of Louis XIV entered the city.

In 1870 the French government moved to Bordeaux for a time. This was at the beginning of the Franco-Prussian war against Prussia. The temporary move happened again during World War I and again very briefly during the World War II.


Bordeaux is twinned with:

Nantes

Nantes is a city in France, the prefecture of the Pays de la Loire region and the Loire-Atlantique department, on the Atlantic Ocean. From the 16th to the 19th centuries, it was the busiest slave trading port in France. Before 1941, Nantes was part of Brittany. The Gallo and Breton languages are spoken in the city. Jules Verne was a famous writer from Nantes.

Nantes has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).


Nantes has town twinning and cooperation agreements with:
The city has friendship relations with:


Toulouse

Toulouse () is a commune in southwestern France. It is the capital of the department of Haute-Garonne, as well as of the Occitanie region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Toulouse. In 2014, 1.312.304 people live in the urban area, and 466.297 in the city itself. Toulouse is the 4th largest city of France.

The city has a unique architecture made of pinkish terracotta bricks, which earned it the nickname "la Ville Rose" ("the Pink City"). Toulouse counts two UNESCO World Heritage Sites: the Canal du Midi (designated in 1996 and shared with other cities) and the St. Sernin Basilica, the largest remaining Romanesque building in Europe, designated in 1998.

The city was the capital of the Visigothic Kingdom in the 5th century. It was the capital of the old French province of Languedoc before provinces were abolished during the French Revolution. "Languedoc" is a contraction of "Linguae Occitanae" (Latin). Then it included Roussillon, and was the unofficial capital of the cultural region of Occitania (Southern France). It is now the capital of the Occitanie region, the second largest region in metropolitan France.

The city of Toulouse is along the Garonne river, from the Mediterranean Sea, from the Atlantic Ocean, and from Paris.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The climate of Toulouse, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with temperate summers.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Toulouse is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of . There are an average of 74.0 days of precipitation, with the most rain occurring in May with 7.0 days and the least rain occurring in July with 4.4 days.

The average temperature for the year in Toulouse is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Toulouse are known, in French, as "Toulousains" (women: "Toulousaines").

Toulouse has a population, in 2014, of 466,297, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Toulouse

Toulouse is the prefecture of the Haute-Garonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Toulouse and the administrative centre () of 11 cantons: 

It is part of the intercommunality "Metropolitan Toulouse" ().

Saint-Gaudens is twinned with:

Toulouse also has accords of cooperation with the following towns:

In addition, Toulouse has an adoption city:

Toulouse welcomes the Cité de l'espace dedicated to space exploration and Aeroscopia dedicated to aviation.





Nice

Nice (pronounced "neece") is a city in southern France on the Mediterranean coast. It is a commune in the French department of Alpes-Maritimes. It has over 345,000 people living in the city as of 2012 (1,000,000 in its metropolitan area). It has many beaches. It has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification). Summers are hot, dry, and sunny; winters are mild with moderate rainfall.

From the late 18th century, wealthy British visitors came to Nice, with its beauty and its warm climate. Queen Victoria was amongst them: she made several visits. The city's main seaside promenade, the "Promenade des Anglais" owes its name to these visitors. The clear air and soft light appeals to painters. Marc Chagall and Henri Matisse spent years here and are well represented in the city's museums, the "Musée Marc Chagall", "Musée Matisse" and "Musée des Beaux-Arts".

Nice has the second largest hotel capacity in the country and is one of its most visited cities. It gets 5 million tourists every year. It also has the third busiest airport in France after the two main Parisian ones.

The cuisine is excellent. It benefits from the Mediterranean in the form of bouillabaisse (a shellfish dish). From the end of empire, immigration from Algeria has led to excellent North African dishes such as cous-cous. Ratatouille and (obviously) salade niçoise are more local dishes.

There is a local dialect, le nissard, nissart, or niçard. It is a variety of the regional language, Occitan. It is Italian in style, reminding that the area has been under different sovereignty in the past.

Over 70 people were killed in an attack on 14 July 2016.

Nice is twinned with:



Strasbourg

Strasbourg is a city in eastern France, the prefecture of Grand Est. Today, about 275,000 people live there (with around 780,000 in the metropolitan area). It lies on the left bank of the Rhine, opposite the German city of Kehl.

Strasbourg is the seat Council of Europe, of the European Court of Human Rights and of the European Parliament. A lot of people also consider Strasbourg to be the capital of the European Union.

Its old town, la Grande Île ("Grand Island") has been classified as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

The city was founded in 12 BC by Drusus, the brother of Tiberius. Its Celtic name was "Argentorate" (which the Romans called "Argentoratum"). People think this name is linked to the river Ill (that flows into the Rhine near Strasbourg).

At that time, it was on the Limes, a fortification the Romans built across Europe (to keep out the Germanic tribes). There was a fortification (named "castella drusi", "drusus fort") at that spot. Soldiers need to live from something, so a local civilian settlement developed there. Later, the Limes was pushed farther east.

Strasbourg has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).


Montpellier

Montpellier is a city in south of France. About 280,000 people live there. It is the 8th largest city in France. It has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation academy) is in Montpellier. The computer science school École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies and E-Artsup are also in the city.

The University of Montpellier is one of the oldest in the world, as well as the Montpellier Business School.


Montpellier is twinned with:

Lille

Lille is a city in the northern part of France with a population of about 226,800 inhabitants. It is the capital of the region Hauts-de-France and the Nord

department., and is not far from the border with Belgium, where in Dutch it is called . About two million people live in the urban area ("conurbation") shared with Kortrijk and Tournai, which is the fifth largest in France behind Paris, Lyon, Marseille, and Toulouse.

Lille has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

There are two big railway stations in Lille with many trains to and from different places around France and Belgium. Most of these serve station and are operated by SNCF, including the TGV high-speed service. The other big station, , has Eurostar trains to and from Brussels, Paris, and St Pancras station in London via the Channel Tunnel to the United Kingdom.

Public transport in Lille is made up of buses, two metro lines, and two tram lines to the nearby towns of Tourcoing and Roubaix. The metro system is one of the first in the world that does not have drivers.

Lille is twinned with:

Rennes

Rennes is a city in France, the prefecture of Brittany and the Ille-et-Vilaine department. Its name is « » in the Breton language.

The Rennes agglomeration has a large student population (around 63,000) and 2 universities :

A campus of the computer science schools "École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées" and "École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies" , the university in electric energy and information sciences Supélec, the engineering school CentraleSupélec.
The business schools Rennes School of Business and Paris School of Business are also in Rennes.

Within France
Pacts of cooperation
Sponsorship

Reims

Reims is a commune in France, in the Marne department in the Grand Est region. NEOMA Business School is in the city.

Reims Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Reims) is famous for coronation of almost every king of France. The cathedral was destroyed by fire in 1914 (after an attack by the German army). 

Orléans

Orléans is a city in France, the prefecture of the Centre-Val de Loire region and the Loiret department. It is on the Loire River and was formerly a busy port.

Orléans is twinned with:

It has a partnership with:


Le Havre

Le Havre is a city in Normandy. It is one of the most important ports in France. It is located on the right bank of the Seine river along the English Channel.

The city and port were founded by the King Francis I of France in 1517.

The city was bombed during World War II. The damaged area was rebuilt by Auguste Perret from 1945 to 1964. This section was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

The École de management de Normandie is in the city.

Mountain range

A mountain range (mountain chain, mountain belt) is a geographic area with many mountains. A 'mountain system' or 'system of mountain ranges' includes geological features that are in the same region as a mountain range.

Mountain ranges usually include highlands or mountain passes and valleys. Individual mountains in the same range do not always have the same geology or petrology. They may be a mix of different orogenic expressions and terrains, for example thrust sheets, uplifted blocks, fold mountains, and volcanic landforms. This results in a variety of rock types.

Most geologically young mountain ranges on the Earth's land surface are associated with either in the Pacific Ring of Fire or the Alpide Belt. The Pacific Ring of Fire includes the Andes of South America, extends through the North American Cordillera along the Pacific Coast, the Aleutian Range, on through Kamchatka, Japan, Taiwan, the Philippines, Papua New Guinea, to New Zealand. The Andes is long and is often described as the world's longest mountain system.

The Alpide belt includes Indonesia and southeast Asia, through the Himalayas, and ends in the Alps. The belt also includes other European and Asian mountain ranges. The Himalayas contain the highest mountains in the world, including Mount Everest, at of elevation.
Mountain ranges outside of these two systems include the Arctic Cordillera, the world's northernmost mountain system. If the definition of a mountain range includes underwater mountains, then the ocean ridges form the longest continuous mountain system on Earth, with a length of .

Many mountain ranges have sub-ranges within them. It can be thought of as a parent-child relationship. For example, the Appalachian Mountains range is the parent of its own ranges, two of which are the White Mountains and the Blue Ridge Mountains. The White Mountains are a child of the Appalachians, and there are also children of the Whites, like the Sandwich Range and the Presidential Range. 

The position of mountains influences climate, such as rain or snow. When air masses move up and over mountains, the air cools producing precipitation (rain or snow). As the air descends on the leeward side, it warms again and is drier, having been stripped of much of its moisture. Often, a rain shadow will occur on the leeward side of a range.

Mountain ranges are always being eroded. Erosion is at work while the mountains are being uplifted and long after until the mountains are reduced to low hills and plains. The basins next to an eroding mountain range are filled with sediments which are buried and turned into sedimentary rock.

The early Cenozoic uplift of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado are an example. As the uplift was occurring some of mostly Mesozoic sedimentary strata were removed by erosion and spread as sand and clays across the Great Plains to the east. This mass of rock was removed as the range was actively undergoing uplift.


Straight edge

Straight edge (Often called sXe) is a lifestyle without drugs, tobacco, or alcohol. Some followers of "straight edge" also abstain from illegal or casual sex.

For some, no drug use includes caffeine which is a stimulant drug. Some will accept drugs such as codeine or morphine for medical reasons.
Some followers of straight edge will not use Ny-Quil or Day-Quil because they contain alcohol.
Those straight edgers who quit casual or illegal sex would not have one-night stands and will wait until they are in a committed relationship to have sex.

Some cities have associated straight edge as gang affiliation, but advocates call it a way of life such as being a vegetarian.

Rouen

Rouen is a commune. It is the prefecture of Upper Normandy and the Seine-Maritime department.

First settlements in that region were from the 6th century before Christ.
The Romans founded Rotomagus about 100 A.D..
Since 384 Rouen is the seat of a bishop.
In 841 the Vikings conquered Rouen. It became the capitol of the Duchy of Normandy.
In 1204 the Frensh king reconquered Rouen. 
In 1419 the English crown (Henry IV. of England) conquered the city in the 100-year War between France and England. On May, 30th of 1431 Jeanne D'Arc (the Virgin of Orleans) was burned in Rouen.
In 1494 the French got the city back.
In 1834 the railway connection Paris-Rouen was opened.
Rouen was occupied by the Germans in the Franco-German War of 1870 to 1873 and in both World Wars. In the World War II many buildings were destroyed.

Rouen has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification). It has a great marine harbor 60 km from the city. Tourism, transportation, the colleges and the university are most important economic factors.

The university of Rouen has about 40,000 students.



Microcode

Microcode is the name for a number of instructions or data structures which are involved in implementing higher-level machine language in many processors, especially microprogrammed ones. Microcode is on memory that is very fast to access. When a machine level instruction needs to be executed, microcode tells the processor what electronic circuits should be used. When a new processor is designed, an engineer also writes the microcode for the instructions of machine language. This is called Microprogramming, the resulting code is called a microprogram. 

In early processors, each instruction was hard-wired. This has several drawbacks, the most obvious is that correcting an error in processor design means that the processor needs to be replaced. 
A processor should add two values, which are in registers A and B.


Items 1-3, as well as 5-6, can be coded as one instruction. It is also possible to hard-wire the logic needed for this operation. This has the benefit of being faster, but the drawback that it no longer allows changes that might be needed later on. 

The concept of microprogramming was developed by Maurice Wilkes in 1951, using diode matrices for the memory element.

Computational complexity theory

Computational complexity theory is a part of computer science. It looks at algorithms, and tries to say how many steps or how much memory a certain algorithm takes for a computer to do. Very often, algorithms that use fewer steps use more memory (or the other way round: if there is less memory available, it takes more steps to do). Many interesting algorithms take a number of steps that is dependent on the size of the problem.

Complexity theory also looks at how a problem changes if it is done for more elements. A problem of constant complexity class is the only class in which this is not true. A problem with constant complexity takes the same number of steps to complete no matter the size of the input or the number of elements it is computed on. Broadcasting a message can be thought of as a problem of constant complexity. No matter how many people need to receive a message, all can listen on to one single broadcast with no extra broadcasts needed. 

Mowing the lawn can be thought of as a problem with linear complexity. Mowing an area that is double the size of the original takes twice as long. 

Suppose you want to know which of your friends know each other. You have to ask each pair of friends whether they know each other. If you have twice as many friends as someone else, you have to ask four times as many questions to figure out who everyone knows. Problems that take four times as long when the size of the problem doubles are said to have quadratic complexity.

This is often the complexity for problems that involve looking things up, like finding a word in a dictionary. If the dictionary is twice as big, it contains twice as many words as the original to compare to. Looking something up will take only one step more. The algorithm to do lookups is simple. The word in the middle of the dictionary will be either before or after the term that needs to be looked up, if the words do not match. If it is before, the term needs to be in the second half of the dictionary. If it is after the word, it needs to be in the first half. That way, the problem space is halved with every step, until the word or definition is found. This is generally known as logarithmic complexity

There are problems that grow very fast. One such problem is known as the Travelling salesman problem. A salesman needs to take a tour of a certain number of cities. Each city should only be visited once, the distance (or cost) of the travelling should be minimal, and the salesman should end up where he started. This problem has exponential complexity. There are n factorial possibilities to consider. Adding one city (from n to n+1) will multiply the number of possibilities by (n+1). Most of the interesting problems have this complexity.

Average

An average is the "normal" number of a group of numbers made by mixing the group of numbers.

In math, an average is called a mean. It can be found by adding the numbers, then dividing the answer by the number of numbers there were. There are other kinds of mean, and other things that are sometimes thought of as "average" such as median or mode (statistics).

In some sports, such as cricket and baseball, averages are used to tell how good a player is (such as batting average). Sporting averages have special rules for how to find them.

Fluminense FC

Fluminense Football Club () or Fluminense, is a football club in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, based in the neighbourhood of Laranjeiras since its foundation, in 1902, making it the oldest football club of Rio de Janeiro.







Romanization

Romanization, or Latinization, is how words from languages that normally do not use the Latin alphabet are converted into Latin letters. That allows people who do not know the original writing system to read the sounds of the language. Romanization is one way to show the pronunciation of the language's words.

There are often several ways to romanize a language. For the Russian language, the Soviet Union invented several systems, and the United Nations and the International Organization for Standardization invented two of the others. There are also several methods for Arabic, Japanese, and Chinese. Some romanization systems are based on the writing system of the original language, some are based on speech in the original language, and some are based on both. In other words, some romanization systems are based on transliteration, and others are based on transcription.



Diaspora

Diaspora (, literally, "a scattering or sowing of seeds") is used (without capitals) to refer to any people or racial group living outside their traditional homelands, emigrating and being scattered in distant places and making a new community. It was first used in the Septuagint to mean the scattering of Jews after the capture of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 BC.


Angers

Angers is a city in the west of France. Around 160,000 inhabitants live inside the city and 300,000 live in the metropolitan area.

It is the capital of the historical province called Anjou. Today, the name of Anjou is Maine-et-Loire. The inhabitants of Angers and of Anjou are called 'angevins'.

The city existed before the Roman Empire. After the Roman conquest, the city was called Juliomagus. Angers was an important French city during the Middle-Ages. There is one of the bigger castles of Europe in the city.

It is now the 16th city of France (for its population). It is an economic center, a touristic and cultural town. Many festivals happen every year in the city (film festival 'Premiers plans', street festivals 'Tours de scène' and the famous 'Accroches-coeurs'). It has many museums. The museum of Beaux-Arts (a famous Art museum) and "Apocalypse Tapestry" (the oldest and largest collection of medieval tapestries in the world) are very famous.

There are two universities. More than 17,000 students go to the 'Université d'Angers' (a state university) and 12,000 go to the 'Université Catholique de l'Ouest' (a private catholic university). The 'École supérieure des sciences commerciales d'Angers' is one of the most prestigious business school in France.


Angers is twinned with:

Toulon

Toulon is a city in the south of France. It has about 170,000 people. Toulon is the prefecture of Var. Toulon is the third biggest city of the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur after Marseille and Nice. It is the main base of the Mediterranean Sea fleet of the French Navy. It is from the Italian border.



Grenoble

Grenoble is a French commune in the Alpine foothills. It is the prefecture of the Isère department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

It has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

It is an important centre for scientific research in France.

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation academy) is in Grenoble. Grenoble School of Management is also in the city, as well as the Université Grenoble-Alpes.


Grenoble is twinned with:

Sequence

A sequence is a word meaning "a set of related events, movements or items that follow each other in a particular order".

It is used in mathematics and other disciplines. In ordinary use, it means a series of events, one following another. In maths, a sequence is made up of several things put together, one after the other. The order that the things are in matters. For example, both (Blue, Red, Yellow) and (Yellow, Blue, Red) are sequences, but they are not the same. Sequences made up of numbers are also called progressions.

There are two kinds of sequences. One kind is finite sequences, which have an end. For example, (1, 2, 3, 4, 5) is a finite sequence. The other kind is infinite sequences, which means that they keep going and never end. An example of a sequence that is infinite is the sequence of all even numbers, bigger than 0. This sequence never ends: it starts with 2, 4, 6, and so on, and one can always keep on naming even numbers.

If a sequence is finite, it is easy to say what it is: one can simply write down all the things in the sequence. This does not work for an infinite sequence. So another way to write down a sequence is to write a rule for finding the thing in any place one wants. The rule should tell us how to get the thing in the "n"-th place, where "n" can be any natural number. This means that a sequence is really a special kind of function with natural numbers as its domain. We sometimes write a sequence as formula_1, where formula_2 stands for the "n"-th term of the sequence.

For example, the rule could be that the thing in the "n"-th place is the number 2×"n" (2 times n). This tells us what the whole sequence is, even though it never ends. The first number is 2×1, which is 2. The second number is 2×2, or 4. If we want to know what the 100-th number is, we can simply calculate 2×100 and get 200. No matter which thing in the sequence we want, the rule can tell us what it is.

In an arithmetic progression, the difference between a term and the term before it is always a constant.

Example: formula_3

9 - 4 = 5, 14 - 9 = 5, 19 - 14 = 5, 24 - 19 = 5, and so on. 

So if one takes the first term as "a" and the constant difference as "D", then the general formula for arithmetic sequence is formula_4, where "n" is the number of term.

In a geometric progression, the ratio between a term and the term before it is always constant. 

Example: formula_5

6/3 = 2, 12/6 = 2, 24/12 = 2, 48/24 = 2, and so on. 

So if one takes "a" to be the first term and "r" to be the ratio, then the general formula for geometric progression is formula_6, where "n" is the number of term.

In a harmonic progression, the difference between the reciprocal of a term and the reciprocal of the term before it is a constant.

Example: formula_7 

formula_8, and so on.

A series is the sum of all the terms of a sequence.

The general formula for calculating the sum of arithmetic sequence is 

formula_9

That of a geometric sequence is formula_10, if the sequence is infinite, andformula_11, if it is finite. 

Here, "a" is the first term, "d" is the common difference in arithmetic sequence, "r" is the ratio in geometric sequence and "n" is the number of term.


Aix-en-Provence

Aix-en-Provence is a city in the south of France. About 150,000 people live there.




Amiens

Amiens is a city in Somme in the former province of Picardy in northern France. About 145,000 people live there. The Treaty of Amiens was signed there.


Le Mans

Le Mans is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Mans is a city in France. It has about 143,000 inhabitants. It takes about one hour to go to Paris by TGV.


Le Mans is twinned with:

Tours

Tours is a city on the Loire River in the centre of France. It has about 143,000 inhabitants. It is the prefecture (administrative headquarters) of the department of Indre-et-Loire and is one of the 22 French metropolis.




Nancy, France

Nancy is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in the Grand Est region. It was formerly the capital of the old Duchy of Lorraine. 

Nancy has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).


Nancy is twinned with:

Limoges

Limoges ( or "Limòtges") is a city and commune, the capital (prefecture) of the Haute-Vienne department and the historical capital of the old Limousin region in west-central France. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Limoges is known for its medieval and Renaissance enamels on copper, for its 19th-century porcelain and for its oak barrels which are used for Cognac and Bordeaux production.

The city of Limoges is near the western limits of the Massif Central, in the centre of the Haute-Vienne department. The Vienne river flows through the city.

Limoges is at about from Paris, from Toulouse, from Bordeaux and from Marseille.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Limoges is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Limoges, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Limoges is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Limoges is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Limoges are known, in French, as " Limougeauds" (women: "Limougeaudes").

With a population of 134,577, Limoges has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Limoges

Limoges forms, together with other 8 "communes", the urban area of Limoges with a population of 183,860 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Limoges, formed by 96 "communes", with a population of 283,050 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Limoges is the prefecture of the Haute-Vienne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Limoges and the administrative centre () of 9 cantons


It is part of the intercommunality "Limoges Métropole" ().

Limoges is twinned with:




Clermont-Ferrand

Clermont-Ferrand is a "commune" in the Puy-de-Dôme department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in central-southern France.

It is the prefecture of the department and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand and the historical capital of the region of Auvergne.

The modern city was born from the union of two separate towns, Clermont and Montferrand. This union has been imposed by Louis XIII in 1630 (Edict of Troyes) and was confirmed by Louis XV.

While Montferrand was founded in the early twelfth century by the Counts of Auvergne on the model of fortified cities in the Southwest, Clairmont is much older, as it existed in ancient times. The earliest mention of the existence of Clairmont contained in the work of Strabo, the early first century. The city was then known Nemossos described as a "metropolis of Arvernes." She later took the name of Augustonemetum then Arverni.

To the west of Clermont-Ferrand, there is a plateau where is the "Chaîne des Puys", a chain of dormant volcanoes including the "Puy de Dôme". To the north of the city is the plain de "Limage", a large plain in the Auvergne region in the valley of the Allier river.

Clermont-Ferrand has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Clermont-Ferrand to other cities are:

Clermont-Ferrand is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Clermont-Ferrand is an oceanic climate, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Clermont-Ferrand, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Clermont-Ferrand is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The inhabitants of Clermont-Ferrand are known, in French, as "Puydômois" (women: "Puydômoises").

With a population of 141,365, Clermont-Ferrand has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Clermont-Ferrand

Clermont-Ferrand forms, together with other 16 "communes", the urban area of Clermont-Ferrand with a population of 264,704 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Clermont-Ferrand, formed by 184 "communes", with a population of 475,694 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Clermont-Ferrand is the prefecture of the Puy-de-Dôme department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand and the administrative centre () of six cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Clermont Auvergne Métropole".

Clermont-Ferrand is twinned with:




Villeurbanne

Villeurbanne is a city in France. About 130,000 people live there.

Exile on Main St.

Exile On Main St. was one of The Rolling Stones' albums. It was released in 1972 and includes the hit songs "Happy" and "Tumbling Dice".

OpenGL

OpenGL (Open Graphics Library) is a programming interface for 3D graphics which helps computer programmers make their 3D graphics perform better and faster by running parts of their programs on a video card (GPU) rather than just the central processor (CPU). Programming interfaces like OpenGL are usually called an "API," which stands for "Application Programming Interface".

OpenGL is often compared to Direct3D, an API for 3D graphics on Windows. Programming for Direct3D is different in some ways because the APIs use different naming schemes for talking to a computer's graphics driver, which means that programmers need to write different code for OpenGL and Direct3D to do the same things.

OpenGL is owned by the Khronos Group, and is an example of open source software. This means that all of OpenGL's programming, and the explanations for how the programming all works, can be viewed, copied, revised, and re-released by anyone.



Māori

Māori might mean:


Māori language

The Māori language (, shortened to Te Reo) is the language of the Māori and an official language of New Zealand. It is an Austronesian language.

Although it is an official language, not many people speak it fluently. In the 2013 census, about 149,000 people, (3.7% of the population) said that they could have a conversation in Māori about a lot of everyday things.

The language can be seen everywhere throughout New Zealand, as many of the placenames are Māori, such as Whangarei, Rotorua, and Timaru. Lots of government or city buildings use te reo on their signs as well as English, and most of the public schools have a Māori name as well as an English one. Some Māori people living in Australia also speak the language.

Te Reo Māori did not have a writing system until the Europeans arrived. In 1817, a Ngāpuhi chief, Tītori, and his relative Tui worked with Professor Samuel Lee and prepared a writing system for "te reo". 

Movie criticism

Movie criticism is the evaluation of a movie. People who write their opinions about movies in newspapers and magazines or talk about movies on television, the Internet or on radio shows are called movie critics. Some movie critics also write books about movies and the history of movies.

Some movie critics studied movie or movie history in a university before becoming a movie critic. Other movie critics are people who have experience making movies, for example as a movie director or screenwriter. Some movie critics studied other subjects in university that are related to movie, such as English Literature or theatre.


Roger Ebert became the first movie critic to win a Pulitzer Prize. After his win, many other critics were awarded with this honor.


McCarthyism

McCarthyism is the term describing a period of intense anti-Communist suspicion in the United States which began during the start of the Cold War, that lasted roughly from the late 1940s to the mid to late 1950s. The term gets its name from U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy, a Republican of Wisconsin. The period of McCarthyism is also referred to as the Second Red Scare (The First Red Scare happened after the Bolshevik October Revolution of 1917, that lasted from the late 1910s to the late 1920s). It happened at the same times as increased fears of Communist influence on American institutions, espionage by Soviet agents such as the Rosenbergs, heightened tension from Soviet control over Central and Eastern Europe, and the success of the Chinese Communist Revolution (1949) and the Korean War (1950-1953). There is a play called 'The Crucible' which is about the beginning of the Salem Witch Trials, but also about McCarthy.

Syphilis

Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by a bacterium called "Treponema pallidum". Syphilis is usually spread by sexual contact. However, a fetus can get syphilis from its mother while she is pregnant or during childbirth. This is called "congenital syphilis".

There are four stages of syphilis: the primary, secondary, latent, and tertiary stages. In each stage, the signs and symptoms of syphilis are different.

In the primary stage, a person usually just has a wound on their skin, called a "chancre." In the secondary stage, a person usually gets a rash. In the "latent" stage, syphilis has few or no symptoms. If syphilis reaches the tertiary stage, which is the most severe, it causes many serious symptoms. These can include problems with the nervous system (the brain and nerves) and problems with the heart. Many people with tertiary syphilis will die if they do not get medical treatment.

Syphilis is usually diagnosed with blood tests. The bacteria that causes syphilis can also be seen under a microscope. Most people who have syphilis can be treated and cured with antibiotics.

By 1999, more than 12 million people around the world had syphilis. More than 90% of these people (10.8 million) lived in the developing world. Syphilis got much less common after penicillin became available in the 1940s. At that time, penicillin was used as a treatment for syphilis, and often cured the disease. Since 2000, syphilis is becoming more common again.

Syphilis is a very dangerous disease if it is not treated. Without treatment, 8% to 58% of people with syphilis die from the disease. Syphilis also makes a person two to five times more likely to get Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV).

When a person gets syphilis, the disease is in the primary stage. A person gets syphilis by having sex with a person who has syphilis. Usually, the person who has syphilis has infectious lesions on their genitals caused by syphilis. Touching or kissing these wounds during sex (including oral sex or anal sex) can give a person syphilis.

Later, a chancre (skin sore) usually appears at the place on the body that touched the infected wounds. The chancre can be painful. The most common type of chancre gets bigger and bigger until it becomes an ulcer.

Chancres can appear in places other than the genitals. In women, chancres most often appear on the cervix - the bottom of the uterus. Some people get no chancres at all. Many people who have secondary syphilis (40–85% of women and 20–65% of men) say they never had a chancre during the primary stage.

Around the place where syphilis entered the body, the lymph nodes usually get bigger about 7 to 10 days after the chancre forms. If the person does not get treatment, their wound(s) can last for three to six weeks.

If a person does not get treatment, syphilis will get worse. The secondary stage of syphilis will start about four to ten weeks after the person first got infected. Secondary syphilis can cause many different symptoms. The most common three symptoms are:

All of the sores that people get during this stage can spread syphilis. The bacteria lives inside the wounds.

The symptoms of secondary syphilis usually get better after three to six weeks. However, in about 25% of cases (1 out of every 4), these symptoms return. 
In the latent stage of syphilis, a person has no symptoms, but blood tests show that he has syphilis. Latent syphilis is described as either early or late.

If a person with syphilis does not get treatment, the disease can reach the worst stage - tertiary syphilis. Usually this happens about three to 15 years after the person first got infected. Without treatment, one-third of people with syphilis get tertiary disease. People with tertiary syphilis cannot infect other people with syphilis.

There are three different forms of tertiary syphilis.

Gummatous syphilis can happen anywhere from one to 46 years after the person first got syphilis. On average, it happens after 15 years. It causes soft, tumor-like balls of inflammation (swelling), of many different sizes. Usually they appear on the skin, bone, and liver, but they can happen anywhere.

About 15% of people who do not get treated for syphilis get gummatous syphilis.

In neurosyphilis, the syphilis infects the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord). In some people, neurosyphilis happens soon after they get syphilis. (This is called "early neurosyphilis".) Some of these people have no symptoms of neurosyphilis. Others get syphilitic meningitis, a dangerous infection of the meninges (the protective layers which line the brain and spinal cord).

Neurosyphilis can also appear later, usually four to 25 years after a person first got syphilis. (This is called "late neurosyphilis".) Late neurosyphilis can cause many serious problems. For example:

About 6.5% of people who do not get treated for syphilis get late neurosyphilis.

This type of tertiary syphilis causes problems with the cardiovascular system (the heart and blood vessels). It usually happens 10 to 30 years after the person first got infected with syphilis. The most common problem it causes is syphilitic aortitis, which affects the aorta. The aorta is the most important artery in the heart; it helps carry blood to the entire body. Syphilitic aortitis can make the aorta become too big. If the aorta is too big, it cannot work correctly.

About 10% of people who do not get treated for syphilis get cardiovascular syphilis.

Congenital syphilis is spread from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy or childbirth.

Two out of every three infants born with syphilis have no symptoms. In the other infants, symptoms can appear as the baby gets older. The most common symptoms are:

If babies with syphilis do not get treated, they can get "late congenital syphilis", which has much more serious symptoms. For example, the child can have seizures, and their body and brain may not grow normally.

Syphilis is caused by the "Treponema pallidum" bacterium. "Treponema pallidum" is a species of bacterium which is shaped like a spiral: a spirochaete. There are different types of "Treponema pallidum" bacteria, which are called subspecies.

Scientists think that "Treponema pallidum" can only live inside humans. The bacterium cannot survive outside a human for more than a few days.

Syphilis is spread mostly by sexual contact or during pregnancy from a mother to her fetus. Syphilis can pass through undamaged mucous membranes, or through damaged skin. Because of this, syphilis can be spread through oral sex, vaginal sex, and anal sex. It can also be spread by kissing, if the person with syphilis has a sore in their mouth.

Only a very small amount of the "Treponema pallidum" bacterium needs to get into a person's body to cause syphilis. Not everybody who is exposed to primary or secondary syphilis will get the disease.

A person can get syphilis if they get a blood transfusion from someone with the disease. However, many countries test blood donations for syphilis. In countries that do not do this, getting syphilis from a blood transfusion is much more likely.

Scientists think syphilis is usually not spread by sharing needles (using the same needles to inject drugs).

A person cannot get syphilis from sitting on a toilet seat; using a hot tub or a swimming pool; sharing plates, cups, or utensils; sharing clothing; or doing other regular daily activities.

It is hard for doctors to diagnose syphilis just from the signs and symptoms that happen early on, because many diseases can cause skin sores and rashes. Instead, they can diagnose syphilis by doing a blood test, or by looking at the blood under a microscope. Blood tests are used more often, because they are easier to do. However, blood tests cannot tell which stage of syphilis a person has.

, there is no vaccine that prevents syphilis.

Not having sexual contact with a person who has syphilis is the best way to prevent getting syphilis.

If a person does not know if their sexual partner has syphilis, having safer sex can help protect them. For example, using a latex condom the right way lowers the risk of getting a sexually transmitted disease like syphilis. However, even if a person uses a condom, it is still possible to get syphilis.

The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that the best ways to prevent syphilis are:

Congenital syphilis in newborn babies can be prevented by testing mothers for syphilis during early pregnancy and treating women who are infected. By doing this in 2015, Cuba became the first country in the world to eradicate the spread of syphilis from Cuban mothers to their babies.

The United States Preventive Services Task Force and the World Health Organization say that all pregnant women should be tested for syphilis. If a woman tests positive, her sexual partners (the people she has had sex with) should also be treated.

In most developed countries, congenital syphilis is not common. It still happens once in a while, when women do not get any health care during pregnancy. However, congenital syphilis is much more common in developing countries. Many women in these countries do not get healthcare during pregnancy, and others get healthcare that does not include testing for syphilis. When there are programs that make syphilis testing easier to get, fewer babies get congenital syphilis in these countries.

The CDC says that men who have sex with men should be tested at least every year. Getting tested regularly helps prevent syphilis from being spread. If a person is tested and finds out that they have syphilis, they are more likely to get treatment, and will not accidentally spread syphilis to other people.

Syphilis is a notifiable disease in many places, including Canada, the countries in the European Union, and the United States. This means that if a healthcare provider (like a doctor or a nurse) knows that a patient has syphilis, they must tell public health authorities that the patient is infected. Public health workers then talk to all of the patient's sexual partners. They tell them someone might have given them syphilis, without telling them who that person is. Doctors might also try to get patients with syphilis to tell their sexual partners to get treatment.

Syphilis that is not complicated can usually be treated and cured by antibiotic medications.

Usually, people need just one dose of penicillin G or azithromycin. If a person cannot take either of these medicines (for example, because they are allergic to them), some other medications work too. For example, Doxycycline and tetracycline are two other possible choices; however, they cannot be used in pregnant women.

The "Treponema pallidum" bacterium has become resistant to many different antibiotics, including macrolides, clindamycin, and rifampin. These antibiotics no longer kill the bacterium.

Once a person is in the later stages of syphilis, the disease is harder to treat.

For example, if a person has neurosyphilis, they need antibiotics that will kill the infection in their central nervous system (their brain and major nerves). It is hard for penicillin G to get into the central nervous system. Because of this, a single shot of penicillin - which will usually cure early syphilis - is not enough to cure neurosyphilis. Instead, people with neurosyphilis usually need to be given large doses of penicillin for at least 10 days. Usually, they also need to get the medicine intravenously (through a needle placed into a vein) so it goes more directly to the central nervous system. If a person is allergic to penicillin, other antibiotics like ceftriaxone, doxycycline, or tetracycline can be used, but they have to be given over longer periods of time.

Once a person has late-stage syphilis, treatment will keep their syphilis from getting any worse. However, if syphilis has already damaged the person's body, the treatment will not make that damage go away. At best, treatment can only have a very small effect on the damage that has already happened.

Sometimes, the treatment for syphilis can cause a side effect called the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction. This usually starts within one hour after treatment begins, and lasts for 24 hours. Its symptoms include fever, muscle pains, headache, and a fast heart rate. Antibiotic medication breaks open syphilis bacteria to kill them. As the bacteria break open, proteins come out of them. These proteins cause the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction.

In 1999, syphilis had infected about 12 million people. More than 90% of these people lived in the developing world.
Syphilis causes problems in 700,000 to 1.6 million pregnancies every year. Syphilis can cause a pregnant woman to have a miscarriage, a stillbirth, a premature baby, a baby with congenital syphilis, or a baby that dies before it is a month old. In sub-Saharan Africa, syphilis causes up to 20% of perinatal deaths (deaths that happen soon after a baby is born).

Syphilis used to be very common, and it caused sickness and death all over the world. It was very common in Europe during the 18th and 19th centuries. During the early 20th century, syphilis became less common in the developed world, because antibiotics were being used more and more. Syphilis kept becoming less common until the 1980s and 1990s. Since the year 2000, syphilis is getting more common again in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Europe, mostly among men who have sex with men.

In China and Russia, syphilis has become more common among heterosexual people since the 1990s. Studies say this is because of unsafe sexual practices, like having sex with many different people, prostitution (getting paid to have sex), and not having safer sex to protect against sexually transmitted diseases.

Over the 19th and 20th centuries, the symptoms of syphilis have become less severe (not quite as bad). This is partly because there are more treatments that work well, and if they are given early, syphilis does not get as bad. Also, the bacteria that causes syphilis has become weaker.

If people with syphilis get treated early on, they can usually be cured without the disease causing damage that cannot be fixed. Syphilis still causes serious problems, and sometimes death, if it is not treated. Syphilis also makes a person two to five times more likely to get HIV. Confection (having both syphilis and HIV) is common. In some big cities, it happens in as many as 30% to 60% of people with syphilis.

Nobody knows exactly where and how syphilis started. There are two major ideas about where the disease came from.

The first idea is called the "Columbian hypothesis." (A hypothesis is an educated guess about how something happened). This hypothesis says that when Christopher Columbus's crew came back to Europe after exploring the "New World", they brought syphilis back to Europe and spread the disease there.

The other idea is called the "pre-Columbian hypothesis." ("Pre-Columbian" means "before Columbus.") This hypothesis says that syphilis was already in Europe before Columbus, and people just did not realize that the disease existed.

While there is evidence that can be used to say that either of these ideas are right, there is more evidence for the Columbian hypothesis.

The first written records that talk about an outbreak of syphilis in Europe are from 1494 to 1495. The outbreak happened in Naples, Italy, when France was invading (trying to take over Italy). Because syphilis was spread by French soldiers who were coming back from Italy, at first it was called the "French disease."

The name "syphilis" was first used in 1530 by an Italian doctor and poet named Girolamo Fracastoreo. He used the word "syphilis" as the title of a Latin poem that talked about the damage the disease was causing in Italy. At other times in history, syphilis was also called the "Great Pox".

In 1905 Fritz Schaudinn and Erich Hoffmann discovered that syphilis is caused by the "Treponema pallidum" bacteria. Five years later, Paul Ehrlich created the first treatment that helped treat syphilis (called Salvarsan). After that, scientists started to study penicillin. In 1943, it was decided that penicillin worked for syphilis. This was a major success in the treatment of syphilis. Before penicillin, the treatments used for syphilis were often even worse than the disease. For example, people were treated with mercury (which is poisonous and causes serious health problems), or people were just kept away from everyone else.

From 1932 to 1972, the United States Public Health Service did a study on syphilis in Alabama. They wanted to see how syphilis got worse when it was not treated. The researchers chose a group of poor African-American sharecroppers, but never told them they had syphilis. Even after the 1940s, when the researchers knew penicillin could cure these people, they refused to let them get treatment or even tell them that penicillin could help them. This study, now called the Tuskegee syphilis experiment, was very important in creating medical ethics.

Many famous people in history may have had syphilis. For example, some people think that Franz Schubert, Arthur Schopenhauer, Édouard Manet, and Adolf Hitler had the disease.


Gonorrhea

Gonorrhea is a disease. It is transmitted by having sex. It is among the most widespread sexually transmitted diseases. Gonorrhea is also sometimes called "the clap." Gonorrhea can be cured using antibiotics but the entire course of antibiotics must be used. 

Its presence was found up to 700 years ago. At that time, this disease was described by coming from the "Le Clapiers" part of the city of Paris. This part of the city was known to be where prostitutes lived.

In 2023 there had been an increase in the number of people affected all over England and Wales. The diagnosis rate for England had risen from 80.6 per 100,000 people in 2017 to 146.1 per 100,000 people in 2022.

It is caused by a bacterium, "Neisseria gonorrheae". Since it is caused by a bacterium, it can be treated with antibiotics. The use of latex condoms when having sex can prevent it from spreading. Sometimes antibiotics do not cure gonorrhea. This is because the bacterium is becoming immune or resistant to the medicine. When this happens, the infection is more difficult to cure.

Cichlid

Cichlids (pronounced 'sick-lids') are fishes from the family Cichlidae, in the order Cichliformes.

It is a very large family of fish made up of more than 2500 species.
Cichlids come in many different sizes, from 2.5 centimeters to almost a meter long. All cichlids have some form of parental care for their eggs and fry. That parental care may come in the form of guarding the eggs and fry or it may come in the form of mouthbrooding. Cichlids are famous for their speciation in East African lakes.

Battle of Hastings

The Battle of Hastings (14 October 1066) was a pitched battle between the Anglo-Saxon English and an invading Norman army. The battle lasted a day and ended in the death of the Anglo-Saxon king, Harold Godwinson, and a decisive victory for the Normans. William, the Duke of Normandy, was crowned as King William I of England 10 weeks later. The Norman conquest was a major turning point in England's history.

In 1002 Ethelred, the King of England, married Emma, the sister of Richard II, Duke of Normandy. The alliance formed by the marriage had far-reaching effects. When King Canute came to the throne of England in 1016, he took Queen Emma of Normandy as his wife. Her two sons by her former marriage fled to Normandy for their own safety.

Edward the Confessor, the older son, stayed in Normandy for many years at the court of the dukes. The last duke who protected him there was his cousin Duke William. Edward became King of England in 1042. In 1052, Edward, who was childless, made William his heir. In 1065, Harold Godwinson was in Normandy and promised Duke William that he would support William as successor to the English throne. 

On 5 January 1066, Edward the king died, but Harold did not respect his oath to William. The next day, the day of the funeral, Harold was crowned king of England. The story was that on his deathbed the king had changed his mind and promised Harold the throne. Harold was not royalty himself and had no legal claim on the throne. For weeks William must have known Edward was dying, but the news of the king's death and Harold's taking the throne must have been a surprise.

When William heard the news that Harold had become king, his reaction was swift. He called a meeting of his greatest men and made plans to gather a large army from all over France. His influence and wealth meant that he could mount a large campaign. His first task was to build a fleet of ships to carry his army across the English Channel. Then, he started gathering an army. His friendship with Brittany, France and Flanders meant that he did not have to rely only on his own army. He hired and paid soldiers from many parts of Europe. William asked for and got the support of the pope, who gave him a banner to carry into battle. While Duke William was planning his invasion, Harald Hardrada was planning another. Harold knew both would be coming but kept his ships and forces in southern England, where William might land. 
William may have had as many as 1,000 ships in his invasion fleet. They had favourable winds to leave Normandy on the night of 27 September 1066. William's ship, the "Mora", was a gift of his wife, Matilda, and led the fleet to the landing at Pevensey the next morning. As soon as he landed, William got news of Harold's victory over the Norwegian king at Stamford Bridge, in northen England. Harold also received news that William had landed at Pevensey and went south as quickly as he could. Harold rested at London for a few days before he took his army to meet William and his French forces.

Harold's army took up a position on an east-west ridge north of Hastings. The ridge itself was called Senlac Hill. It found the Norman army marching up the valley in front of them. Harold had more soldiers, but they were tired from the from London. William formed his lines at the base of the hill facing the Englsh shield wall and sent his archers halfway up the slope to attack the English. He sent his mounted knights to the left and right to find any weak spots. 

At first William's knights tried to break through the shield wall by the weight of their horses. However, they were attacking uphill and could not gain any speed. Harold's front line simply stood fast and fended off any attacks. William's army began to fall back because of rumours of his death. William removed his helmet so that his men could see he was still alive. When William saw that many of Harold's men were following his knights back down the hill, he used a trick that he had learned years before. He turned suddenly and charged the oncoming English foot soldiers, who had no chance against mounted knights.The tactic worked at least two more times during the battle and made Harold's shield wall weaker. 

Next, William used something new. His attacks by knights and soldiers had been separate movements, but he now used them together. His archers had not succeeded against the shield wall, but he now had them shoot high into the air so that the arrows came down on top of the English. Harold was killed, perhaps by an arrow through his eye at the time. The shield wall finally broke, and the Normans were on top of them. By nightfall, the English were dead on the field or being hunted down by William's men. William called his men back, and they spent the night camped on the battle field. 

The battle was won, but the English still had smaller armies that had not joined King Harold at Hastings. They had lost their king but were still trying to reorganise. William rested his army for five days before he moved toward London. His line of march took him through several towns that he either captured or destroyed. When William reached London, the English briefly resisted but in the end surrendered. 

The Battle of Hastings was a major turning point in English history. William's claim to the throne was strong, and he had backed it up with force. On Christmas Day in 1066, William was crowned King of England.
Sometime later, the battle was pictured on a series of panels called the Bayeux Tapestry. William's victory at Hastings gave him the nickname he has been known by ever since: 'William the '.

Pavo (bird)

The Asiatic peafowl is a kind of bird. They are the genus "Pavo" from the Phasianidae family. They originate from Southeast Asia.


The male is called a "peacock", the female a "peahen".

The males are very colorful, and they have very long "train feathers" (or "tail feathers"), which they can move up like a fan. Females are less colorful, and do not have the long train-feathers. Both the male and the female have a little "crown" of feathers on their head.
Males show their train feathers to court a female peafowl, or to scare other animals away by making them afraid.

Peafowl are omnivorous and eat plant parts, flower petals, seeds, insects, and small vertebrates, like reptiles and amphibians.

Reading, Berkshire

Reading (pronounced: "Redding") is a large town in Berkshire in England. It is the largest settlement in Berkshire. It is home to about 230,000 people. Reading is found in South East England, between London and Bristol. The River Thames goes through the town. Reading replaced Abingdon as the county town of Berkshire in 1867.

There is a large statue of a lion in Forbury Gardens, and local legend has it that the sculptor killed himself by jumping off the top because he had sculpted the legs wrong. The lion is a memorial to soldiers from Berkshire who were killed in Maiwand, (Afghanistan) in a war in 1880.

Reading is the home of a school which used to be a Hospital in World War I and World War II. It is named Redlands Primary School. 

Madejski stadium is home to the Reading Football Club whose nickname is "The Royals". They are also known as the "Biscuit Men". The stadium was opened on 22 August 1998. 

Reading is the largest town in England. Of course, there are larger cities in England but Reading has not been granted city status and it doesn't have a cathedral. Also, Reading is home to the Oracle, a huge shopping centre and a large university named University of Reading. 

Reading began life as a Saxon Settlement. Reading was originally called Reada Ingas, which means people of Reada. Reada was a Saxon leader in the area with his tribe in the 6th century. 

The Normans built a wooden castle in Reading. It was later replaced by a stone castle. The king then demolished the castle in 1152 fearing it might come into the hands of his enemies. 

Reading was an important centre in the medieval period, as the site of Reading Abbey, a monastery with strong royal connections 

The Huntley and Palmer's biscuit factory was the biggest in the world in 1914 and one factory was built on Kings Road by George Palmer in 1846. 

"The Blade" in central Reading is the tallest building in Reading. It is 86 metres tall. It is visible from many places in the town. 

Palmer Park was founded by George Palmer and it has a statue of George Palmer in it. Palmer Park was built for his workers to rest and people still enjoy using the park today. 

There is a very famous hospital called The Royal Berkshire Hospital. It was opened in 1839. 

Lots of schools in Reading took part in "Beat The Street" in 2015.

TV presenter Chris Tarrant ("Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?") and comedian Ricky Gervais are from Reading, and also actress Kate Winslet, who has a road named after her. Musician Mike Oldfield is also from Reading. Tony Sullivan (local legend) is also a resident in the town. The town has two universities and is famous for its rock festival. Reading is home to Championship football and rugby teams.


Dozen

A "dozen" (commonly abbreviated doz or dz) is a unit of measurement. It means twelve (12) items of something. The term goes back to "duodecim", which means 12 in Latin. Humans might have started to count on a base 12 because there are approximately 12 cycles of the moon in one cycle of the sun. In other words, a solar year has 12 months. The first to have used the unit were probably the Mesopotamians.

12 dozen (144 items) are a gross. 12 gross (1728 items) are called a "great gross". 
A great hundred is 120 or ten dozen (a dozen for each finger on both hands).

The dozen is convenient because its multipliers and multiples are convenient: 12 = 3 × 2 × 2, and 360 = 30 × 12. The French word "douzaine" means "about twelve" and is part of a family of words with similar meanings, e.g. "vingtaine" – "about 20" "centaine" – "about 100" etc. A baker's dozen, also known as a long dozen, is thirteen.
Examples:

I have a dozen doughnuts 

There is a dozen members in a team

European sprat

The European sprat is a kind of fish. It is related to the herring. It lives in the ocean, all around Europe. It has about 12% fat in its flesh. It is a source of many vitamins. It is an important fish for commercial fishing, and can be found in many cans in shops. It can also be salted, to preserve it better.

The Little Mermaid

"The Little Mermaid" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was first published in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1837 in the third volume of "Fairy Tales Told for Children" with "The Emperor's New Clothes". The tale glorifies suffering and self-denial. There is a statue of The Little Mermaid in the harbor of Copenhagen. The story has been adapted to opera and animated movies.

A Beautiful mermaid princess , red hair delicate white skin and blue eyes swims to the surface of the sea. 
As it happens, she sees a human prince and falls in love with him. She wants to meet him again; however, she is a mermaid, and her father, who is the king of the sea, would not let her do so. She wants to find a way to win the prince's love, so she goes to the sea witch's cave. She will get an immortal soul if she wins the love of a human. She sacrifices her voice and her tail to the sea witch for two human legs. The prince becomes her companion. But, he falls in love with another person. The mermaid has the chance to return to the sea. She must kill the prince to go back, and so she refuses. She dies, and is transformed into a daughter of the air. She will receive an immortal soul if she does good deeds for three hundred years.

In 1957, Germaine Tailleferre wrote a three act opera with the subject. In 1968, there was a Soviet animated movie. In 1976, a co-production of the Soviet Union and Bulgaria resulted in a live-action movie. In 1989, The Walt Disney Company also made an animated movie. In 2008, Studio Ghibli made a movie inspired by the story called Ponyo.



Hans Christian Andersen

Hans Christian Andersen (2 April 1805 – 4 August 1875) was a Danish writer. 

Andersen was born in Odense, Denmark. His father was a shoemaker, and his mother washed clothes for customers. The family was poor. When Andersen was 11, his father died. At 14, Andersen left his mother and his home. He moved to Copenhagen. 

The king helped Andersen finish his education. Andersen wanted to be an actor or dancer. He did not have the talent for either. He started to write novels, plays, poems, short stories, and travel books. In 1835, he published four fairy tales that were liked by the readers. After this success, he wanted to write more fairy tales. 

Andersen's stories were popular all over Europe. He was invited into the homes of rich and powerful people. He fell in love with several men and women. He was in love with singer Jenny Lind. He also fell in love with ballet dancer Harald Scharff. 

Andersen was a happy and carefree man. He travelled all over Europe. He wanted to see the sights. He hoped travelling would make him even happier. He always carried a rope with him. He planned to use this rope as a fire escape if needed. In the spring of 1872, Andersen fell off of his bed and suffered major injuries. He never recovered fully. Soon after that, Andersen showed signs of liver cancer. He died on 4 August 1875 from liver cancer.



Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium

The Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium is a football stadium in Istanbul in Turkey. It is home to the club Fenerbahce.



List of airlines

This is a list of commercial airlines sorted by country.

Air Algérie
Ecoair International
Khalifa Airways
Star Aviation

Aeronáutica
Sociedade de Aviação Ligeira
Son Air
TAAG Angola Airines

Afrique Airlines
Benin Golf Air
Trans Air Benin
Air Kenya Connect
West African Airlines
Benin Airlines SA
Air Botswana
Air Burkina
Burkina Airlines
Air Burundi
Royal Air Burundi

Camair-Co
Cameroon Airlines
Elysian Airlines
TACV
Air Comores International
Comores Aviation
Bravo Air Congo
Business Aviation
Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation
Hewa Bora Airways
Wimbi Dira Airways

ECAir
Trans Air Congo
Air Ivoire
Daallo Airlines
Djibouti Airlines
EgyptAir

Ecuato Guineana

Eritrean Airlines
Nasair Eritrea 
Ethiopian Airlines

Air Gabon
Air Service Gabon
Avirex Gabon
Afriat International Airlines
Gambia Bird
Gambia International Airlines
Slok Air Gambia
West African Airways Corporation
Afra Airlines
African World Airlines
CTK - CiTylinK
Ghana Airways
Ghana International Airlines
Meridian Airways
MK Airlines
Air Guinee
Air Guinee Express
Guine Bissau Airlines (status unknown)

"See the section titled "Côte d'Ivoire" above"

African Express Airways
African Safari Airways
Airkenya Express
Fly540
Kenya Airways
Jambojet
LoneStar Airways
Afriqiyah Airways
Air Libya Tibesti
Buraq Air
Libyan Arab Airlines

Air Madagascar
Air Malawi
Malawian Airlines
Compagnie Aerienne du Mali
Air Mauritanie
Mauritania Airways
Mauritania Airlines International

Air Mauritius
Catovair
Royal Air Maroc
Atlas Blue
Jet4you
Regional Air Lines
Air Atlas Express

Air Corridor
LAM - Linhas Aéreas de Moçambique
Air Namibia
Kalahari Express Airlines
Namibia Commercial Aviation
Scenic Air Namibia

ADC Airlines
Aero Contractors of Nigeria
Air Nigeria
Albarka Air
Bellview Airlines (Nigeria)
Capital Airlines (Nigeria)
Chanchangi Airlines
Dornier Aviation Nigeria
EAS Airlines
Freedom Air Services
IRS Airlines
Nigeria Airways
Overland Airways
Pan African Airlines
Sosoliso Airlines
Virgin Nigeria Airways

Air Austral
Air Bourbon
Air Rwanda
RwandAir
Air São Tomé and Príncipe
Air Afrique
Air Senegal International
Air Seychelles
Lignes Aérienne Seychelles
Seychelles International Airways
Air Leone
Bellview Airlines (Sierra Leone)
Eagle Air
Leone Airways
Sierra Leone Airways
1Time Airline
Comair
Interair South Africa
Kulula.com
Mango (airline)
Nationwide Airlines
South African Airways
South African Airlink
South African Express

Mid Airlines (Sudan)
Sudan Airways

Aeroafrica
Swazi Airways
Swaziland Airlink
Air Tanzania
Precision Air
Regional Air Services (Tanzania)

Karthago Airlines
Nouvelair
Tunisair
Tunisavia
Tuninter
Eagle Aviation
East African Airlines

Airwaves Airlink
Nationwide Airlines (Zambia)
Zambezi Airlines
Zambian Airways
Zambia Skyways

Air Rhodesia
Air Zimbabwe
Airlink Zimbabwe
Expedition Airways
Fastjet Zimbabwe
FlyAfrica.com Zimbabwe
Mid Airlines
Zimbabwe Express Airlines

"For countries in the Middle East, refer to the section below."

Ariana Afghan Airlines
Balkh Airlines
Kam Air
Khyber Afghan Airlines
Marcopolo Airways
Pamir Airways

Azerbaijan Airlines
Imair Airlines
Silk Way Airlines
Turan Air

Air Bangladesh
Biman Bangladesh
Bismillah Airlines
GMG Airlines
Z-Airways and Services

Druk Air

Royal Brunei
Air Cambodia
Angkor Airlines
Cambodia Airlines
President Airlines
Royal Khmer Airlines
Royal Phnom Penh Airways
Siem Reap Airways

Air China
Chang'an Airlines
China Eastern Airlines
China Flying Dragon Aviation
China Postal Airlines
China Southern Airlines
China United Airlines
China Xinhua Airlines
Deer Jet
East Star Airlines
Guizhou Airlines
Hainan Airlines
Huaxia Airlines
Okay Airways
Shandong Airlines
Shanghai Airlines
Shanxi Airlines
Shenzhen Airlines
Sichuan Airlines
Spring Airlines
United Eagle Airlines
Wuhan Airlines
Xiamen Airlines

Cathay Pacific
Dragonair
Heliservices
Hong Kong Airlines
Hong Kong Express
Jet Aviation Business Jets
Metrojet
Oasis Hong Kong Airlines
WOW Asia

Air Macau
JetAsia

China Airlines
Daily Air
EVA Air
Far Eastern Air Transport
Mandarin Airlines
TransAsia Airways
Uni Air
East Timor Air

Air Deccan
Air India (Republican)
Air-India Express
Air Sahara
Alliance Air
Archana Airways
Blue Dart Aviation
Club One Air
Deccan Aviation
East-West Airlines
Go Air
Indian Airlines
IndiGo - Airline division of InterGlobe Enterprises
Jagson Airlines
Jet Airways
Kingfisher Airlines
Paramount Airways
SpiceJet
Visa Airways

Adam Air
Air Efata
Airfast Indonesia
Airmark Indonesia
Air Paradise
Air Regional
Asia Avia Airlines
Bali Air
Batavia Air
Bouraq Indonesia Airlines
Citilink
Deraya Air Taxi
Dirgantara Air Service
Efata Papua Airlines
Garuda Indonesia
GT Air
Indonesia AirAsia
Indonesia Air Transport
Indonesian Airlines
Jatayu Airlines
Kalimantan Air Service
Kartika Airlines
Lion Air
Linus Airlines
Lorena Airlines
PT Lion Mentari Airlines
Mandala Airlines
Merpati Nusantara Airlines
Pelita Air Service
Republic Express Airlines
Sabang Merauke Raya Air Charter
Sempati Air Transport
Sriwijaya Air
Travira Air
Wings Air

See below.
Air Do - Hokkaido International Airlines
All Nippon Airways
Air Central
Air Hokkaido
Air Japan
Air Next
Air Nippon
Air Nippon Network
Amakusa Airlines
Ibex Airlines
Japan Airlines
Hokkaido Air System
J-Air
JAL Express
JALWays
Japan Air Commuter
Japan Airlines Domestic
Japan Asia Airways
Japan Transocean Air
Ryukyu Air Commuter
New Central Airlines
Oriental Air Bridge
Skymark Airlines
Skynet Asia Airways
Starflyer

Air Astana
Air Kokshetau
Almaty Aviation
Atyrau Air Ways
Berkut Air
Euro-Asia Air
GST Aero
Irtysh Avia
Kazair West
Orient Eagle Airways
Sayakhat Airlines
Scat Air
Tulpar Air Service

Air Koryo

Asiana Airlines
Hansung Airlines
Jeju Air
Korean Air

Inter Trans Avia
Itek Air
KAS Air Company
Kyrgyz International Airlines
Kyrgyzstan Airlines
Manas Air
Phoenix Aviation
Quadrotour-Aero
Lao Airlines

Air Asia
AJ Air
Athena Air Services
Berjaya Air
Ked-Air
Malaysia Airlines
Transmile Air Services

Air Equator
Island Aviation Services
Maldivian Air Taxi
Trans Maldivian Airways
Aero Mongolia
MIAT-Mongolian

Air Bagan
Air Mandalay
Air Myanmar
Myanmar Airways
Yangon Airways
Agni Air
Air Nepal International
Buddha Air
Cosmic Air
Gorkha Airlines
Necon Air
Royal Nepal Airlines
Skyline Airways
Yeti Airlines

Aero Asia International
Airblue
Air Mashriq
Askari Aviation
Bhoja Air
Pakistan International Airlines (National Airline)
Pearl Air
Schon Air Limited
Shaheen Air International

Palestinian Airlines

Air Philippines
Asian Spirit
A. Soriano Aviation
Air Link International Airways
Cebu Pacific
Corporate Air
Interisland Airlines
Pacificair
Philippine Airlines
South East Asian Airlines
Subic Air

Jetstar Asia Airways
Orange Star
Silkair
Singapore Airlines
Tiger Airways
Valuair

Aero Lanka
Expo Aviation
Lankair
Lionair
Peace Air
Sky Cabs
SriLankan Airlines

"See the section China, Republic of above."

Tajikair
Tajikistan Airlines

Air Andaman
Air People International
Angel Airlines
Bangkok Airways
Kampuchea Airlines
Nok Air
One-Two-GO
Orient Thai Airlines
PB Air
Phuket Air
Thai AirAsia
Thai Airways International
Thai Pacific Airlines
Thai Sky Airlines

"See the section East Timor above."
Turkmenistan Airlines
Avialeasing
Uzbekistan Airways
Pacific Airlines
Vietnam Airlines

Inter Island Airways
Aeropelican Air Services
Aero-Tropics Air Services
Aircruising Australia
Airlines of Tasmania
Air Link
Airnorth
Air Whitsunday
Alliance Airlines
Asian Express Airlines
Aus-Air
Australian Air Express
Australian Airlines
Backpackers Express
Big Sky Express
Brindabella Airlines
Eastern Australia Airlines
Eastland Air
Eco Airlines
Global Air
Gold Airways - AOC Pending
Horizon Airlines
Inland Pacific Air
Jetcraft Aviation
Jetstar Airways
LeisureJet
Macair Airlines
Maroomba Airlines
National Jet Systems
Northwest Regional Airlines
O'Connor Airlines
OzJet
Qantas
Rex (Regional Express Airlines
Rossair
Skippers Aviation
Skytrans Airlines
Skywest
Sunshine Express Airlines
Virgin Blue

Air Rarotonga
Air Fiji
Air Katafanga
Air Pacific
Pacific Island Air
Sun Air
Air Moorea
Air Tahiti
Air Tahiti Nui
Wan Air
Asia Pacific Airlines
Continental Micronesia
Freedom Air
Air Kiribati
Air Marshall Islands
Air Nauru
Air Caledonie
Aircalin

Air Chathams
Air National
Air Nelson
Air New Zealand
Airwork
Aspiring Air
Eagle Airways
Freedom Air
JetConnect
Jumpjet

Pacific Island Aviation
Palau Micronesia Air
Airlines of Papua New Guinea
Airlink
Air Niugini
Asia Pacific Airline
Islands Nationair

Polynesian Airlines
Polynesian Blue
Solomon Airlines
Air Waves of Vava'u
Air Vanuatu
Vanair

Carib Aviation
Caribbean Star Airlines
Leeward Islands Air Transport
ArubaExel
Avia Air
Royal Aruban Airlines
Bahamasair
Trans Island Air 2000
Maya Island Air
Tropic Air
Cayman Airways
Air Charter Service
Aviones Taxi Aereo
Lacsa
SANSA
Taxi Aereo Centroamericano
Aero Caribbean
Aerogaviota
Cubana de Aviación
Air Santo Domingo(sap)
Caribair
Servicios Aereos Profesionales
TACA
VECA Airlines

Air Antilles Express
Air Caraïbes
Aviateca
Aviones Comerciales de Guatemala (Avcom)
Guatemala-Inter
Mayan World Airlines
TACA
Tikal Jets Airlines

Air D'Ayiti
Air Haïti
Haïti Ambassador Airlines
Haïti Trans Air
Pearl Airways
Tropical Airways

AeroHonduras
Aerolineas Sosa
Atlantic Airlines de Honduras
Islena Airlines
Sol Air
TACA
Air Jamaica
Air Jamaica Express
International AirLink
Bonaire Express
Curaçao Express
DutchCaribbeanExel
Winair (Windward Islands Airways)

Atlantic Airlines
La Costena
Nicaraguenses de Aviacion (NICA)
Aeroperlas
Alas Chiricanas
Copa Airlines
Panavia

Aeromed
Air Culebra
Caribbean Sun Airlines
Executive Air
Isla Nena Air
Roblex Aviation
San Juan Aviation
Tol Air
Vieques Air Link
Mustique Airways
SVG Air
BWIA West Indies Airways
Tobago Express
Interisland Airways
SkyKing
Turks and Caicos Airways
Air St. Thomas
Four Star Aviation
Seaborne Airlines

Air Åland
Ada Air
Albanian Airlines
Albatros Airways

Air Armenia
Air-Van Airlines
Armavia
Armenian International Airways
Atlantis European Airways
Yerevan-Avia

Air Alps
Amerer Air
Austrian Airlines
Austrian Arrows
Carinthian Spirit
Clevair
InterSky
Jetalliance Flugbetriebs
Lauda Air
LTU Austria
MAP Jet
Niki
Styrian Spirit
Teamline Air
Welcome Air
Belavia
Gomelavia

Abelag Aviation
Demavia Airlines
Jetairfly
SN Brussels Airlines
Thomas Cook Airlines
Virgin Express
VLM Airlines

Air Srpska
Arnoro
B&H Airlines
Bosnia Airlines
FlyBosnia

Air Sofia
Air Via
BH Air
Bulgaria Air
Bulgarian Air Charter
Hemus Air
Inter Trans Air
Viaggio Air
Air Adriatic
Croatia Airlines
Dubrovnik Airlines
Trade Air
Zadar Airlines
Aerotrans Airlines
Cyprus Airways
Eurocypria Airlines
FOS Logistics
Helios Airways
Kıbrıs Türk Hava Yolları

ABS Jets
Charter Air
Czech Airlines
Regional Air Services
Smart Wings
Travel Service

Air Alsie
Cimber Air
Copenhagen Air Taxi
DAT - Danish Air Transport
Jettime
Maersk Air
Scandinavian Airlines
Sterling European Airlines
Sun Air of Scandinavia

Aero Airlines
Air Livonia
Airest
Avies
Enimex
Estonian Air
Atlantic Airways

"See above for Åland"
Air Finland
Blue1
Copterline
Finnair
Finncomm Airlines
Soder Airlines

F

Aero Charter DARTA
Aero Services Executive
Aigle Azur
Air France
Air France-KLM
Air Horizons
Airlinair
Air Méditerranée
Air Orient
Air Turquoise
AlsaceExcel
Axis Airways
Blue Line
Brit Air
CCM Airlines
Champagne Airlines
Corsairfly
Eagle Aviation France
Eurojet Airlines
Europe Airpost
Finist'air
Flywest
Hex'Air
Jetway
Ocean Airways
Octavia Airlines
Régional
Star Airlines
Sud Airlines
Twin Jet

Georgian National Airlines
Georgian Airways
Tbilaviamsheni

ACM Air Charter
Aero Business Charter
Aero Dienst
Aeroline
Air Berlin
Air City
Arcus-Air Logistic
Augsburg Airways
Avanti Air
Blue Wings
Cirrus Airlines
Comfort Air
Condor Flugdienst
Contact Air
Dau Air
dba
Elbe Air
European Air Express
Eurowings
FAI Air Service
FLM Aviation
FLN Frisia Luftverkehr
Fresh Line
Germania
Germanwings
Hahn Air
Hamburg International
Hapagfly
HLX.com
LFH - Luftverkehr Friesland Harle
LGW - Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter
LTU Billa
LTU International
Lufthansa
Lufthansa CityLine
Lufttaxi Fluggesellschaft
MSR Flug-Charter
OLT - Ostfriesische Lufttransport
Phoenix Air
Private Wings Flugcharter
Rheinair
Stuttgarter Flugdienst
Taunus Air
TUI Fly
Vibroair
WDL Aviation
Windrose Air

Aegean Airlines
Air Miles
Alexandair
Aviator Airways
Blue Star Airlines
EuroAir
Greece Airways
Mediterranean Air Freight
Olympic Airlines
Sky Express
Aviaexpress
CityLine Hungary
Farnair Hungary
MALÉV Hungarian Airlines
SkyEurope Airlines Hungary
Travel Service
Wizz Air

Air Atlanta Icelandic
Air Iceland
Icelandair
Iceland Express
Islandsflug
JetX Airlines
Landsflug
WOW Air

Aer Arann
Aer Lingus
Ryanair

Air Dolomiti
Air Europe
Air Freedom
Air Italy
Air One
Air Sal
Air Vallée
Alidaunia
Alitalia
Alitalia Express
Alpi Eagles
Blue Panorama Airlines
Blu Express
Clubair
Eurofly
Eurojet Italia
Evolavia
ItAli Airlines
Italy First
Livingston
Meridiana
Mistral Air
MyAir
Neos
Ocean Airlines
Volare Airlines
Windjet
AirBaltic
Concors
Inversija
LatCharter

Air Lithuania
Amber Air
Apatas Air
Aurela
Aviavilsa
Danu Oro Transportas
Lithuanian Airlines

Comlux
Global Jet Luxembourg
Lionair
Luxair
Luxaviation
Silver Arrows

Air Vardar
MAT Macedonian Airlines
Sky Wings (Air Lift Service)

Air Malta
Medavia
BritishJET

Aerocom
Air Moldova
Moldavian Airlines
Tandem Aero
Tepavia Trans

Heli Air Monaco
Air France-KLM
Arkefly
BonairExel
Business Jet
Denim Air
Interstate Airlines
KLM
KLM Cityhopper
Magic Blue Airlines
Martinair
Metropolis
North Sea Airways
Quick Airways Holland
Rossair Europe
Schreiner Airways
Transavia
Tulip Air

Bergen Air Transport
Classic Norway Air
Coast Air
Fonnafly
Kato Airline
Norwegian Air Shuttle
SAS Braathens
Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS)
Widerøe
Aerogryf
Centralwings
Eurolot
Fischer Air Polska
LOT
Silesian Air
Sky Express
White Eagle Aviation
Wizzair

Aerocondor
EuroAtlantic Airways
Hifly
Luzair
Portugália
SATA Air Acores
SATA International
TAP Portugal
White

Acvila Air
Angel Airlines
Blue Air
Carpatair
Chris Air
Ion Ţiriac Air
Romavia
Tarom

Abakan Avia
Aerobratsk
Aeroflot
Aeroflot Don
Aeroflot-Nord
Airstars Airways
Alrosa Avia
Angara Airlines
Astair Airlines
Astrakhan Airlines
Atlant-Soyuz Airlines
Atruvera Aviation
Avcom
Aviacon Zitotrans
Aviaenergo
Avial NV
Aviaprad
Aviast
Aviastar Airlines
BAL Bashkirian Airlines
Belgorod Air Enterprise
Bravia (Bryansk Air Enterprise)
Bugulma Air Enterprise
Bural
Bylina
Centre-Avia Airlines
Chelyabinsk Airlines
Chernomor Avia
Chitaavia
Chukotavia
Chuvashia Airlines
Continental Airways
Dagestan Airlines
Dalavia Far East Airways
Dobrolet Airlines
Domodedovo Airlines
Donavia
East Line Airlines
Enkor
Gazpromavia
Gromov Air
Ilavia Airline
Interavia
Izhavia
Kaliningradavia
Karat
Kavminvodyavia
Kazan Air Enterprise
Kemerovo Aviation Enterprise
Kirov Airline
KMV - Kavkazskie Mineralnye Vody
Kogalymavia Airlines
Komiaviatrans
KrasAir
Krylo Airlines
Kuban Airlines
Magadan Airlines
Omskavia
Orenburg Airlines
Perm Airlines
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatski Airline
Polet Airlines
Pulkovo Aviation Enterprise
RusAir
Russia Jet Direct
Russian Sky Airlines
Ryazanaviatrans
Samara Airlines
Saravia
SAT Airlines
Selcon Airlines
Sibaviatrans
Siberia Airlines
STC Russia
Tatarstan Airlines
Tesis Aviation Enterprise
Tomskavia
Transaero
Transeuropean Airlines
Ural Airlines
UT Air
VIM Airlines
Vladivostok Avia
Volga Aviaexpress
Volga-Dnepr
Vologda Air
Voronezhavia
Vostok Airlines
Yak-Service
Yakutia Airlines
Yamal Airlines

Air Maxi
Air Pink
Air Yugoslavia
Aviogenex
Centavia
Air Serbia
Kosmas Air
Kosova Airlines
Master Airways
Prince Aviation

Aero Slovakia
Air Slovakia
Air Transport Europe
Seagle Air
SkyEurope
Slovak Airlines

Adria Airways
Slovenian Spirit
Solinair

Aerolineas de Baleares
Aeronova
Air Andalucia
Air Asturias
Air Este
Air Europa
Air Granada
Air Madrid
Air Nostrum
Air Pack Express
Air Plus Comet
Air Pullmantur
Airclass Airways
Alaire
Audeli Air
Binter Canarias
BKS Air
Bravo Airlines
Clickair
Cygnus Air
Euro Continental Air
Fly LPI
FlyAnt
Futura International Airways
Gadair
Gestair
Girjet
Hola Airlines
Iberia Airlines
Ibertrans Aerea
Iberworld
Intermediacion Aerea
Islas Airways
Lagun Air
LTE International Airways
Naysa Aerotaxis
OrionAir
PAN Air
Serair
Spanair
Swiftair
Tadair
Top Fly
Travel Service Espana
Vueling Airlines
Vuelos Mediterraneo
Zorex Air Transport

Amapola Flyg
Avitrans
TUIfly Nordic "(before: Britannia Nordic)"
City Airline
Direktflyg
Falcon Air
FlyMe
Flynordic
Golden Air
Gotlandsflyg
International Business Air
Kullaflyg
Malmö Aviation
Maxair
Nordic Regional
Nordkalottflyg
Novair
Scandinavian Airlines
Skyways Express
Snålskjuten
Stockholmsplanet
Sundsvallsflyg
Swe Fly
SwedJet Airways
Swedline Express
Viking Airlines
West Air Sweden

Air Glaciers
Air Prishtina
Belair
Club Airways International
Connect Air
Crossair Europe
Darwin Airline
easyJet Switzerland
Edelweiss Air
Farnair Switzerland
Flybaboo
Hello
Helvetic Airways
Jet Aviation
Jetclub
Ju-Air
Lions Air
PrivatAir
SkyWork
Swiss European Air Lines
Swiss International Air Lines
Zimex Aviation
Act Airlines
Atlasjet
Corendon Airlines
Fly Air
Free Bird Airlines
Golden International Airlines
Inter Airlines
Izmir Airlines
MNG Airlines
Onur Air
Orbit Express Airlines
Pegasus Airlines
Saga Airlines
Sky Airlines
SunExpress
TT Airlines
Turkish Airlines
World Focus Airlines
Aeromist-Kharkiv
Aerostar Airlines
Aerosvit Airlines
Aerovis Airlines
Air Kharkov
Air Ukraine
Air Urga
Antonov Airlines
ARP 410 Airlines
Azov Avia Airlines
Business Aviation Center
Constanta Airline
Crimea Air
Dniproavia
DonbassAero
Khors Aircompany
Lvov Airlines
Motor Sich
Odessa Airlines
Podilia-Avia
South Airlines
Tavrey Airlines
Ukraine Air Alliance
Ukraine Air Enterprise
Ukraine International Airlines
Ukrainian Cargo Airways
UM Airlines
Volare Airlines
Yuzmashavia

Air Atlanta Europe
Air Atlantique
Air Scotland
Air Southwest
Air Wales
Astraeus
Atlantic Express
Aurigny Air Services
BA Connect
BAC Express Airlines
Blue Islands
BMI
bmibaby
BMI regional
British Airways
British Mediterranean Airways
British NorthWest Airlines
Castle Air
Centreline
Channel Express
City Star Airlines
Club 328
Eastern Airways
easyJet
Eurojet
EuroManx
European Aviation Air Charter
European Executive
Excel Airways
First Choice Airways
Flightline
flybe
Flyglobespan
Flyjet
GB Airways
Highland Airways
Isles of Scilly Skybus
Jet2.com
Loganair
Lydd Air
Monarch Airlines
MyTravel Airways
MyTravel Lite
Palmair
ScotAirways
Skydrift Air Charter
Thomas Cook Airlines
Thomsonfly
Titan Airways
Virgin Atlantic Airways

Bahrain Air
Gulf Air
Gulf Traveller
Aria Tour 
ATA Airlines
Bon Air
Caspian Airlines
Eram Air
Ilam Air
Iran Air
Iran Air Tours
Iran Aseman Airlines
Iranian Air Transport
Kish Air
Mahan Air
Naft Airlines
Pariz Air
Payam Air
Qeshm Air
Safat Airlines
Safiran Airlines
Saha Airlines
Sahand Airlines
Sepahan Airlines
TA Air
Taban Airlines
Tara Airlines
Tehran Airlines
Zagros Airlines

Al-Naser Airlines
Azmar Airlines
Fly Baghdad
Iraqi Airways
Ishtar Airlines
Kurdistan Airlines
Sawan Airlines
Zagrosjet
Arkia Israel Airlines
El Al
Israir
Sun D'Or
UP
Air Rum
Air Universal
Jordan Aviation
Raya Jet
Royal Jordanian
Royal Wings Airlines
Teebah Airlines

Jazeera Airways
Kuwait Airways
Trans Arabia Airways
Wataniya Airways

Berytos Airlines
Lebanese Air Transport
Lebanese International Airways
MenaJet
Middle East Airlines
Trans Mediterranean Airways
Oman Air
Palestinian Airlines
Qatar Airways
Al Anwa Aviation
Al Maha Airways
ASACO
Saudi Arabian Airlines
Mid East Jet
Nas Air
Sama
SNAS Aviation
Saudigulf

FlyDamas
Sham Wing Airlines
Syrian Arab Airlines
Abu Dhabi Aviation
Aerovista Airlines
Air Arabia
Air Cess
Aria Air
British Gulf International Airlines
Dolphin Air
Emirates
Etihad Airways
flydubai
HeavyLift International
Kinshasa Airways
Phoenix Aviation
Pluto Airlines
Rotana Jet
Royal Jet
Reem Air
StarJet

Aden Airways
Democratic Yemen Airlines
Felix Airways
Yemenia

Air Canada
Air Canada Jazz
Air Canada Jetz
Air Canada Rouge
Air Creebec
Air Georgian
Air Inuit
Air Labrador
Air Mikisew
Air North
Air Nunavut
Air Saguenay
Air Satellite
Air Southwest
Air Tindi
Air Transat
Aklak Air
Alberta Citylink
Alkan Air
AllCanada Express
Alta Flights
Bar XH Air
Baxter Aviation
Bearskin Airlines
Buffalo Airways
Calm Air
Canadian Airlines
Canadian Metro Airlines
Canadian North
CanJet
Central Mountain Air
CHC Helicopter
Corporate Express
Cougar Helicopters
CP Air
First Air
Harbour Air
Harmony Airways
Hawkair
HeliJet
Innu Mikun Airlines
KD Air
Keewatin Air
Kenn Borek Air
Keystone Air Service
Kivalliq Air
Lakeland Aviation
Nolinor Aviation
Northwestern Air
Pacific Coastal Airlines
Peace Air
Perimeter Aviation
Porter Airlines
Prince Edward Air
Provincial Airlines
Queen Charlotte Airlines
QuikAir
Regional One
SkyLink Aviation
Skyservice
Skyxpress Airline
Sonicblue Airways
Summit Air
Sunwest Aviation
Thunder Airlines
Tofino Air
Transwest Air
Universal Helicopters
Vancouver Island Air
Voyageur Airways
Wasaya Airways
West Coast Air
WestJet
WestJet Link
West Wind Aviation
White River Air
Zoom Airlines

Aero California
Aero Cuahonte
Aerolitoral
Aeromar
Aeroméxico
Aeromexpress
Aviacsa
Avolar Aerolineas
Click Mexicana
Global Air
Interjet
Líneas Aéreas Azteca
MAGNICHARTERS
Mexicana
Republicair
Servicios Aeronauticos de Oriente
TAESA
TAR Aerolineas
VivaAerobus
Volaris


ABX Air
Air Cargo Carriers
Air East
Air Evac
Air Florida Airlines
Air Gumbo
Air Midwest
Airnet Express
AirNow
Air Sunshine
Air Tahoma
AirTran Airways
Air Vegas
Air Wisconsin
Alaska Airlines
Alaska Central Express
Alaska Seaplane Service
Allegiant Air
Aloha Airlines
Alpine Air Express
America West Airlines
American Airlines
AmericanConnection
American Eagle Airlines
Ameriflight
Amerijet International
Ameristar Jet Charter
Arctic Circle Air Service
Arctic Transportation Services
Arrow Air
ATA Airlines
Atlantic Island Air
Atlantic Southeast Airlines
Atlas Air
Baron Aviation Services
Bemidji Airlines
Bering Air
Berry Aviation
Bighorn Airways
Big Island Air
Big Sky Airlines
Blackstar Airlines
Blue Moon Aviation
Boston-Maine Airways (Pan Am Clipper Connection)
Cape Air
Caribbean Sun
Castle Aviation
Chalk's Ocean Airways
Champion Air
Chautauqua Airlines
Colgan Air
Colorado Airways
Comair
CommutAir
Continental Airlines
Continental Express
Corporate Air
Critical Air Medicine
Crystal Airways
CSA Air
Custom Air Transport
Delta Air Lines
Diamond International Airlines
Eastwind Airlines
Empire Airlines
Eos Airlines
Era Aviation
Evergreen International Airlines
ExpressJet Airlines
Express.Net Airlines
Express One International
Falcon Air Express
Fine Air
Flight Alaska
Flight Express
Flight International
Florida Coastal Airlines
Florida West International Airways
FlyHawaii Airlines
Freedom Airlines
Freight Runners Express
Frontier Airlines
Frontier Flying Service
FS Air Service
GoJet Airlines
Grand Aire Express
Grand Canyon Airlines
Grant Aviation
Great Lakes Airlines
Gulfstream International Airlines
Hawaiian Airlines
Hooters Air
Horizon Air
I-Jet Caribbean
Inland Aviation Services
Island Air
JetBlue Airways
Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System
Kalitta Air
Kalitta Charters
Kenmore Air
Key Lime Air
LAB Flying Service
Louisiana Airways
Lynx Air International
Merlin Airways
Mesa Airlines
Mesaba Airlines
Mexus Airlines
Miami Air International
MidAtlantic Airways
Mid-Atlantic Freight
Midwest Airlines
Midwest Connect
Murray Air
Nantucket Airlines
New England Airlines
North American Airlines
Northwest Airlines
Omni Air International
Pace Airlines
Pacific Wings
Pen Air
Piedmont Airlines
Pinnacle Airlines
Primaris Airlines
PSA Airlines
RegionsAir
Republic Airlines
Rio Airways
Ryan International Airlines
Salmon Air
Scenic Airlines
Shuttle America
Sierra Pacific Airlines
Skagway Air Service
Skybus Airlines
Sky King
Skylink Airways
SkyValue
Skyway Airlines
Skyway Enterprises
SkyWest
Song
Southern Air
Southwest Airlines
Spirit Airlines
Sportsflight Airways
Sun Country Airlines
Sundance Air
Sunship1 Airlines
Sunworld International Airlines
Superior Aviation
Swift Air
Ted
Tradewinds Airlines
Trans-Florida Airlines
Trans States Airlines
United Airlines
United Express
United Parcel Service
USA 3000 Airlines
US Airways
USA Jet Airlines
Victory Air Transport
Virgin America
Wagner Airways
West Air
West Coast Airlines
Western
Westward Airways
Wiggins Airways
Wings of Alaska
World Airways
Xtra Airways
Zantop International Airlines

Aerolíneas Argentinas
Aero VIP
Austral Lineas Aereas
CATA Línea Aérea
LADE - Lineas Aereas Del Estado
LAN Argentina
Lineas Aereas Federales
Servicios de Transportes Aéreos Fueguinos

Aerosur
Lloyd Aereo Boliviano
Northeast Bolivian Airlines
TAM - Transporte Aereo Militar

Abaeté Linhas Aéreas
Air Minas
ATA Brasil
Azul Linhas Aereas
BRA Transportes Aereos
Cruiser Linhas Aereas
Fly Linhas Aereas
Gensa
Gol
Itapemirim Transportes Aereos
JetSul
META - Mesquita Transportes Aereos
Nordeste Linhas Aereas Regionais
OceanAir
Pantanal Linhas Aereas
PENTA - Pena Transportes Aereos
Promodal Transportes Aereos
Puma Air
Rico Linhas Aereas
Rio Sul Serviços Aéreos Regionais
Skymaster Airlines
TAF Linhas Aereas
TAM Linhas Aéreas
Tavaj Linhas Aereas
Total Linhas Aereas
Transportes Charter do Brasil
TRIP Linhas Aereas
Varig
Nella Linhas Aéreas

Aero Cardal
AeroEjecutiva
Aerovias DAP
Alpine Air Express Chile
LAN Chile
LANExpress
Sky Airline

Aerolineas de Antioquia
AeroRepública
Aerosucre Colombia
Aerotaca
Aires Colombia
APSA - Aeroexpreso Bogota
Avianca
Copa Airlines Colombia
Heliandes
Helicol
Intercontinental de Aviacion
Lineas Aereas Suramericanas
SAM Colombia
SATENA
Searca Colombia
West Caribbean Airways
Aerogal
Ecuatoriana de Aviación
Icaro Air
LAN Ecuador
SAEREO
TAME
Air Guyane
Falkland Islands Government Air Service (FIGAS)

Trans Guyana Airways
ARPA - Aerolineas Paraguayas
TAM Mercosur

Aero Condor Peru
Aeroperu
Cielos del Peru
Faucett Peru
LAN Peru
Nuevo Continente
Star Up
TACA Peru
TANS Peru
Wayraperu
Blue Wing Airlines
Fly All Ways
Gum Air
Surinam Airways
Aeromas
Alas Uruguay
Air Class Lineas Aereas
BQB Lineas Aereas
Lapsa
PLUNA
Uair
Aero Ejecutivos
Aeropostal Alas de Venezuela
Aserca Airlines
Avensa
Avior Airlines
Conviasa
LAI - Linea Aerea IAACA
LASER
Linea Turistica Aerotuy
Rutaca
Santa Barbara Airlines
Servivensa
Sol America
Sundance Air Venezuela
Venezolana
Vensecar Internacional


Atlantic herring

The Atlantic herring ("Clupea harengus") is a kind of herring, a fish. It can be found on both sides of the Atlantic. It can grow up to 45cm in length, weighing more than half a kilogram. It is a swarm fish, meaning many fish come together and form a "school" (or swarm) of fish. Swarms of up to 4 cubic kilometers in size have been measured of "atlantic herring", with an eastimated 4 billion individual fish. Like with so many other fishes though, commercial overfishing is posing a problem. Stocks of herring have been collapsing. 

Their natural predators are seals, cod, other large fish as well as some kinds of whales. 
The current reason for the overfishing is the need of the Omega Fatty Acid, which helps increase memory, and brain functions.
The herrings that occurs in the Baltic Sea is much smaller. Some people consider it a distinct subspecies. They call it Baltic herring, "C. harengus membras."

Pelagie Islands

The Pelagie Islands are three islands in the Mediterranean. They are Lampedusa, Linosa and Lampione. They are between Malta and Tunisia. They are part of the African continent but belong to Italy.

Because of deforestation, the islands are very barren. In the past they lived on agriculture, but nowadays they live on fishing and tourism. 

Lampedusa

Lampedusa is the largest of the Pelagie Islands. Sicily is 205 km to the north, Tunisia is 113 km to the south. There are no sources of freshwater on the island, so those living there collect rainwater. Fauna and Flora, as well as the climate is similar to what can be found in North Africa. 

There is a NATO base on the island. It is also a popular destination for refugees who try to enter the European Union that way.

Muscat

Muscat () is the capital and largest city of The Sultanate of Oman. It is the largest city in the mintaqah (governorate) of Muscat. The city of Muscat has a population of 1.28 million people (2015). The official language is Arabic and English is used as an additional language for many purposes, including business and tourism purposes. Muscat is located on the north east coast of Oman. The city is 3,500 km in size.

People started living in the Muscat area about 2300 years ago but the first writings of the city are about 1900 years old in the 1st century CE. Muscat developed into an important city in the 9th century CE because of business and trade at the port. Portugal, Persian (Iran) and Turkey had many wars for control over Muscat from the 1500s to the 1700s. The Al Bu Sa 'id tribe has ruled Muscat since then.

Muscat is a hot and dry city. The average daytime temperature in summer can be as high as 40 °C. The winter is cooler and the average daytime temperature is between 19 °C and 22 °C. There is very little rain with only 10 cm per year.

Muscat has several tourist sites including seven museums, a fort, an old palace and a new opera house. The city has beaches with hotel resorts. People can do many water-sports including dolphin tours in the city's harbour. In 2016, 2.5 million tourists visited Muscat. According to an article in Times Of Oman, almost 500,000 people visited in February alone for the popular Muscat Festival.

Ukrainian language

The Ukrainian language (Ukrainian: українська (мова), transliteration: ukrajins'ka mova) is an Eastern Slavic language. This language is a part of the Indo-European language family.

Ukrainian is the second most spoken Slavic language. It is the official language of Ukraine. There are 37 million speakers in Ukraine. Most of them are native speakers. All over the world there are more than 50 million speakers.

The Ukrainian language is written with Cyrillic letters.

Some words are similar to the Polish language.

The Ukrainian alphabet with transliteration and German transcription:

Native speaker

A native speaker is someone who learned to speak a language as part of their childhood development. A native speaker's language is usually the language their parents speak and/or the language of their country of origin. It is the only language of a monolingual person, and likely the first language of a multilingual person which is acquired naturally in their native environment. It may serve as the basis for their sociolinguistic identity. 

A native speaker of a language has the following traits: 

Many employers of language teachers prefer native speakers.


Guilty Gear

The first series has been release on PlayStation, Atlus
is the Publishers of the North America regional. The second game, Guilty Gear X release for PlayStation 2 home console. Release in 2001 in Japan and North America. The third installment (Guilty Gear X2) releases on PlayStation 2 in 2003.

Florence Nightingale

Florence Nightingale, OM (12 May 1820 – 13 August 1910), was an English nurse. She helped create the modern techniques of nursing. She became a leader of the team of nurses who helped wounded soldiers during the Crimean War.

She was the first female to receive the Order of Merit, one of the highest honours awarded by the British monarch. As a nurse she was given the name 'The Lady with the Lamp' because at night, she checked on the wounded soldiers and always carried 'The Lamp' with her. Florence Nightingale was a wonderful woman, coming from a wealthy family. She refused the aristocrat lifestyle her family expected from her and instead focused on helping the poor, the injured, and the sick. She helped make modern nursing possible. Nightingale was a prodigious and versatile writer, and lived to be 90 years old.

In her lifetime she was concerned with spreading medical knowledge. Some of her books were written in simple English so that they could easily be understood by those with poor reading skills. She also was an early user of graphs and diagrams to display data.

Nightingale was helped to understand statistics by her country's leading expert on public statistics, William Farr. He was a founder of medical statistics, and epidemiology. Farr worked with her on all the statistics from the Crimean War, which she publicised in her writing. She proved that more men had died from disease than fighting, a very important piece of information. The disease in question was mostly cholera. Cholera is caused by a bacterium spread by people drinking water contaminated by sewage. Unfortunately, both she and Farr believed the disease was caused by foul air: this was called the miasma theory.

The miasma theory was refuted by John Snow, who discovered the real cause of an outbreak in London. The cause was foul water from a water pump in Broad Street, London. Snow's work was published in 1855, but it was 30 years before the germ theory was generally accepted. Farr publicly acknowledged he was wrong in 1866, but Nightingale never really gave up the miasma idea. London's cholera epidemics stopped once the authorities built sewage treatment plants, delivered cleaner water, and built a system of underground pipes that kept sewage from seeping into the water supply.

Florence Nightingale was born into an upper class British family in 1820 in Florence, Tuscany, Italy. She was named after the town where she was born. The family moved back to London when Florence was a young girl. She was a Unitarian. Although her parents expected her to become a wife and a mother, in 1845 she decided to become a nurse. While she was training she campaigned for better conditions for poor people in Britain.

In 1854 to 1856, during the Crimean War, Florence was working in Harley Street in London. After reading many reports about the poor treatment of sick and injured soldiers, she travelled to Crimea to see for herself and discovered the hospitals were crowded and dirty.

She knew Sidney Herbert, who was Secretary of War during the Crimean War and he helped her. At the hospital in Istanbul where the injured soldiers were sent, Florence realized that soldiers died more often from diseases like cholera than from their injuries in war. She used her knowledge of maths and statistics to show the British 
government that providing better conditions for sick and injured soldiers would help them win the war. She was, however, quite wrong about how cholera spread.

There is a syndrome named after her called "Florence Nightingale Syndrome". It occurs when a soldier falls in love with a nurse. While she was working in Crimea she became known as “The Lady with the Lamp” because she would walk around the hospital in the evening carrying a lamp and check on the soldiers.

When she returned to England she started a school in 1860 for nurses at St. Thomas’ Hospital in London. She wrote her most important book "Notes on Nursing". She was a keen Christian but also believed that pagan and eastern religions also contained genuine worth. She was a strong opponent of discrimination against all types of Christians as well as against non-Christians. Nightingale believed religion helped provide people with the fortitude for arduous good work.

In 1907, Florence Nightingale became the first woman to be awarded the Order of Merit by King Edward VII.

Florence Nightingale died in her room peace fully in her sleep from heart attack in 1910 in London. There are many statues of her in Britain, including one in Waterloo Place in London and a Florence Nightingale museum, also in London.

Apocalypse Now

Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic drama movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola.

It tells a fictional story which takes place in the 1960s during the Vietnam War. It tells the story of an Army Captain who is sent on a boat deep into the Cambodian jungle to capture a Special Forces colonel who, it is suggested, has gone insane. It was partly based on Joseph Conrad's novel about a journey down the Congo River, "Heart of Darkness".

It is now thought to be a great movie, but in the making it ran into problems. Its key star Martin Sheen, is on the screen for almost all the movie. He had a breakdown, and a heart attack. Editing the mile plus of film took years. It was unfinished when it was shown in the Cannes Film Festival.

"Apocalypse Now" is today considered to be one of the greatest films ever made. It was nominated for eight Academy Awards at the 52nd Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director (Coppola), and Best Supporting Actor for Robert Duvall. It went on to win for Best Cinematography and Best Sound. It ranked #14 in "Sight & Sound"s greatest films poll in 2012, and #6 in the Director's Poll of greatest films of all time.

The film as now shown on streaming channels is the Director's "Final Cut". This was first shown in 2019 at the Tribeca Film Festival. It runs for 3 hours, 3 minutes.


1228

1228 was a leap year.


1305

1305 (MCCCV) was .

1327

1327 was a common year.


312

312 was a leap year.


1336

1336 was a leap year.


1374

1374 was a common year.


Vojvodina

The Autonomous Province of Vojvodina (Serbian: Аутономна Покрајина Војводина or "Autonomna Pokrajina Vojvodina") is one of the two autonomous provinces in Serbia. It is located in the northern part of the country, in the Pannonian plain. Its capital and the largest city is Novi Sad and the second largest city is Subotica. 

Vojvodina is ethnically, culturally and linguistically diverse, with more than 26 different ethnic groups and six official languages.

Pennsylvania Station

Pennsylvania Station, or Penn Station, is a name of several railway stations in the United States. The name "Pennsylvania Station" comes from the times when all these stations belonged to the Pennsylvania Railroad and, later, to Penn Central. The stations in New York City, Newark, New Jersey, and Baltimore still have this name. The station in Pittsburgh, although officially known as Union Station, is also called Penn Station by locals. All these stations are currently served by Amtrak.

Dan Quayle

James Danforth "Dan" Quayle (born February 4, 1947) is an American politician who was the 44th vice president of the United States. He served with President George H. W. Bush (1989–1993).

Quayle was born at Indiana University Health Methodist Hospital (When he was born as Methodist Hospital in 1947) in Indianapolis, Indiana. His parents were Martha Corinne (née Pulliam) and James Cline Quayle. He has often been incorrectly referred to as "James Danforth Quayle III". In his memoirs, he points out that his birth name was simply James Danforth Quayle. The name Quayle originates from the Isle of Man, where his great-grandfather was born.

His maternal grandfather, Eugene C. Pulliam, was a rich and influential publishing magnate who founded Central Newspapers, Inc., owner of over a dozen major newspapers such as "The Arizona Republic" and "The Indianapolis Star". James C. Quayle moved his family to Arizona in 1955 to run part of the family's publishing business. While his family was very wealthy, Quayle was less rich; his total net worth by the time of his election in 1988 was less than $1 million.

Quayle and his wife are Presbyterians. He currently lives in Paradise Valley, Arizona.

Cincinnati

Cincinnati is a city in the southwestern corner of the state of Ohio near the states of Kentucky and Indiana. The city is in Hamilton County, Ohio. Cincinnati is home to major sports teams including the Cincinnati Reds and the Cincinnati Bengals, as well as events like the Cincinnati Masters and the Thanksgiving Day race. The University of Cincinnati traces its foundation to the Medical College of Ohio, which was founded in 1819.

Cincinnati was named after the Roman leader Lucius Quinctius Cincinnatus and was an early major city in the midwestern United States. Many Germans settled in the city and the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood gets its name from the river in Germany. Soap and machine tools are major industries in the area, which is home to the company Procter & Gamble as well as Macy's. Cincinnati's economy and population declined in the late 1900s, but the city is on the upswing. The Over-The-Rhine neighborhood has seen a lot of new businesses and development in recent years.


Cable car

A cable car is a type of car that runs on cables above the car. The machines that drive the cables are in the two "winding houses". One winding house is at the bottom and one at the top. It is used much in areas where there are a lot of mountains.

The construction of the longest cable way in the world was finished in 16th October 2010 in Armenia. Its name is Wings of Tatev and has length of 5.7 km.

Some cable cars run on railway tracks, pulled by a cable.



Tokusatsu

Tokusatsu is a Japanese word that means "special effects". It is used to talk about television shows and movies that have superheros, giant monsters, and other science fiction and fantastic themes. Some famous tokusatsu features include Godzilla, "Ultra Series", "Kamen Rider" and "Super Sentai".

Snakes on a Plane

Snakes on a Plane (released in Japan as "Snake Flight" (スネーク・フライト)) is a 2006 American action horror crime thriller movie. It was directed by David R. Ellis and it stars Samuel L. Jackson and released to movie theaters by Warner Bros. It is about many snakes attacking people on a plane that is traveling from Hawaii to Los Angeles, California.

After witnessing the murder of prosecutor Daniel Hayes in Hawaii, by Yakuza boss Eddie Kim, a biker named Sean Jones runs away but is escorted out by Samuel L. Jackson's character, FBI agent Neville Flynn. They catch a flight heading to California. Suddenly snakes start attacking people on the plane, and Flynn becomes angry at the snakes, so he fights them. After fighting the snakes, the plane lands on a nearby airport, everyone gets out of the plane safely on a liferaft until a snake attacks Sean and Flynn shoots the snake off of him with his gun. Eddie Kim is also sentenced to death. After the incident Flynn and Sean go on a holiday in Bali, Indonesia.

The movie became very popular before it was released because of the title and because of many people talked about it on the Internet.

War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)

The War in Afghanistan was a war fought by the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, The Netherlands, Australia and other countries against the Taliban and Al-Qaeda, after the terrorist attacks against the US on September 11, 2001.

On 31 August 2021 (local time), the war ended as the last coalition soldiers (from foreign countries), left Afghanistan.

The war started when the US invaded Afghanistan in 2001. The US and its allies forced the Taliban and Al-Qaeda to hide. In December 2001, the US and its allies founded a new government for Afghanistan. Its president was Hamid Karzai.

By February 2002, 5,000 soldiers from ISAF (or "International Security Assistance Force") were in Afghanistan. That military force was led by United States. ISAF's soldiers were on loan from the militaries of NATO countries and allied countries. In 2012 ISAF was at its maximum: 130,000 soldiers (in Afghanistan).

In 2004 Hamid Karzai started as the first president of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. Even though the Taliban had lost power, they formed a "shadow government". Taliban insurgents, or fighters, controlled many parts of Afghanistan, and enforced their own laws.

Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan, May 2011.

British troops left Afghanistan in 2015, after 5 years of training the Afghanistan police to deal with threats from the Taliban.

After security deteriorated, American soldiers returned and over 10,000 were in the country at the end of 2017. In 2020, the US and NATO allies promised to leave Afghanistan as long as the Taliban agreed to certain things: not allowing terrorists to operate in its area, and starting peace talks with the Afghanistan government. In mid-2021, the Taliban began a military offensive to enlarge their territory as US and allied forces began to leave. By August 15, 2021, the Taliban had recaptured Kabul and defeated the Afghan government.

An anti-Taliban front took control of the Panjshir Valley, in August 2021.

During the 2021 evacuation from Afghanistan, over 150,000 people chose to to be taken out of Afghanistan; They were diplomats, other civilian staff, other civilians, and military staff.

The last military airplanes of the United States, left the airport in Kabul, one minute before 31 August 2021.

On 31 August 2021 (local time), the war ended.

More than 15,000 Coalition soldiers were wounded: 6,773 US, 3,954 UK, 1,500 Canadian and over 2,500 other Coalition soldiers. 5,500 Afghan army soldiers and 200 Northern Alliance militants were killed in this war. 378 US civilian contractors were killed and 7,224.

An anti-Taliban front has control of the Panjshir Valley, as of 2021's third quarter.

Castrato

A castrato (plural "castrati") was a type of male singer with a very high voice. The effect was produced either through castration, or because of some hormonal problems. The word "castrato" literally means castrated. Such singers were very sought after in the early days of the opera. Most of the main soprano roles in operas by Handel and other composers of that time were written for castrati. Nowadays they are almost always sung by female sopranos, since there are no castrati left.

The practice of castrating young boys who had good singing voices was quite common in Italy in the 17th century. When castration is done before puberty, the usual effects of puberty will not happen. These include the vocal cords enlarging and growing bigger, and the voice getting deeper as a consequence. 

Even though castration was illegal in many parts of Italy, it was often performed. Many families who were poor had their children castrated because it might give them a better future. 

Once a boy was castrated he would go to a special music school where children learned singing and musical instruments. The castrati pupils were given special treatment. They were fussed over and kept warm to stop them from getting colds. When they grew up they hoped to become famous opera singers. A few of them had very successful careers in opera. They were the great stars of their day, and audiences came to the opera to cheer on their favourite singers. Those who were not good enough to make a career in opera joined church choirs instead.

It is impossible now for us to know what these great castrato voices sounded like, but they must have had very powerful voices and many of the singers were very skilled in singing and adding musical ornamentation to the songs. In the 18th century Italian opera became very popular in England. This was largely due to the German-born composer Georg Friderich Händel who moved to England in 1709 and wrote lots of Italian operas. Many singers who sang in London came from Italy, and many were castrati. The most famous one was called Farinelli. 

The popularity of castrato singers died out in the 19th century. By the mid-19th century they were no opera castrati left, although a few castrati still sang in church choirs. The last one, a man called Alessandro Moreschi, died in 1922 aged 64. There is a recording of his voice made in 1902 which can be heard online, but he may not have been a good singer and he was old when he made the recording, so we cannot judge whether the castrato voice was beautiful by that recording.



Falsetto

A falsetto voice is a special way of speaking or singing. If a man tries to imitate a woman’s voice he does it by speaking in a falsetto voice. When a man sings with a falsetto voice it sounds high like a soprano. Actors do this sometimes, e.g. Robin Williams in the film "Mrs Doubtfire" or Kevin Clash when voicing the character Elmo in "Sesame Street" and Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees, with his R&B falsetto. Also, Kellin Quinn from the band sleeping With Sirens uses falsetto sometimes.

Women can also use falsetto, but when they do there is not as big of a change in sound from their normal voices as there is in men. When women use falsetto the voice sounds lighter or weaker than it does when they speak or sing normally.

It is like stretching the mouth out into a wide smile and saying 'ee', except it is sung.

When people speak or sing, their vocal cords vibrate. When a man sings falsetto only the edges of his vocal cords vibrate. These produce harmonics. It is similar to playing harmonics on a string instrument by lightly touching the string at a certain point so that only part of the string vibrates. When a man sings falsetto his is usually one octave higher than his normal singing voice. When people sing in falsetto, their voice can be breathy sometimes.

Falsetto singing was used in the days when women were not allowed to sing in churches. Instead, men sang countertenor. Later the popularity of the countertenor disappeared, but in the mid 20th century it became popular again for performing Renaissance and Baroque music. Today the tradition of men singing alto (with countertenor voices) still exists in Britain in cathedral choirs and some church choirs which are all-male choirs. It is not a big, operatic voice, and it blends in well with boys’ treble voices in the acoustic of churches and cathedrals. 

Occasionally falsetto can be used for comic effect, as in the roasted swan in the "Carmina Burana" by Carl Orff.


Countertenor

A countertenor is a male singer who uses a falsetto voice to sing high notes like a female contralto or mezzo-soprano.

Countertenors were used a lot in the Renaissance and Baroque periods when females were not allowed to sing in church choirs. They did not have big, dramatic voices like castrati, so they were not normally used in opera. People forgot about this way of singing in the 18th and 19th centuries, although male altos continued to sing in English cathedral and church choirs. In the 20th century an English countertenor called Alfred Deller became very famous. He sang many songs from the Baroque period that had been written for the countertenor voice, for example songs by Henry Purcell who sang countertenor himself. Today there is a lot of interest again in using this type of voice for performing early music like Renaissance and Baroque music.

Breeches role

A breeches role is a part in an opera in which a woman plays the role of a man. It is also called a trouser role (British) or pants role (U.S.) or travesti role (the Italian word). It is called a breeches role because breeches are tight-fitting, knee-length trousers. These used to be worn by men at the time that breeches roles became popular. Sometimes breeches roles are in plays, but they are usually in opera.

Breeches roles are usually female singers acting the role of a young man. They are normally sung by mezzo-sopranos or contraltos with light voices because they can often sound boyish. In the 17th and 18th centuries it was normal to have actors and actresses who cross-dressed. It was the time when castrato singers were popular. These castrati were men pretending to be women, but there were also women pretending to be men (especially when the actress was trying to deceive another character) and the audiences were used to this kind of thing. As they gradually stopped the horrible practice of castrating young boys in the late 18th century these male characters started to be sung by mezzo-sopranos instead.

Mozart wrote an opera called "The Marriage of Figaro". In this opera the role of Cherubino, a young page boy, is sung by a mezzo-soprano. Other famous examples include the role of Siebel in Dvořák’s opera "Rusalka" and the role of Prince Orlofsky in Johann Strauss’s opera "Die Fledermaus".

Composers from the 20th century do not usually have breeches roles in their operas. There is the role of Oktavian in Richard Strauss’s opera "Der Rosenkavalier" (1911), but this opera was deliberately trying to produce the old-fashioned atmosphere of Mozart’s time. Benjamin Britten wrote an opera called "Midsummer Night’s Dream", based on Shakespeare’s play. There is no breeches role here. Instead, the part of Oberon is written for a countertenor: a man with a high, falsetto voice.

There is also a term called a skirt role. This is the opposite of a trouser role: it is a man acting the part of a woman. Benjamin Britten uses one in the role of the Madwoman in "Curlew River". The witch in Humperdinck’s "Hansel and Gretel" is also sung by a man. In both cases it makes the characters more dramatic, but the first is very serious while the second is supposed to be humorous.

Treble (singer)

The word treble is used, especially in British English, to mean the singing voice of a boy or girl. Often it is called boy soprano, but since there are also many girls who sing in cathedral and church choirs these days, the word treble is now used to describe the voice of either sex.

A boy can sing treble until he reaches puberty. At puberty he starts to become a man and his voice range will go down (we say that his voice “breaks”). He will then become a tenor, baritone or bass, or he may even train to be a countertenor. A girl’s voice also changes when she reaches puberty, but the change into a grown-up female voice is more gradual than with a boy, and it is still within the soprano or alto range.

Boys who join a cathedral choir or the choir of a large church will have to work hard to develop their voice and learn to sing musically. They often start this training aged 7 or 8, and they may only have four or five years before their voice starts to break. They do not usually become famous as soloists, but the Welsh treble Aled Jones became very famous for about three years and made many recordings before his voice broke in 1987.

The word ‘treble’ is used for children singing in a Classical Music style, especially church music. Although children do not usually sing in opera, occasionally a treble is used for the part of a very small boy, e.g. in Debussy’s opera "Pélléas et Mélisande".

Claque

A claque (pronounce: ‘clack’) is a small group of people in an opera house who deliberately either clapped loudly (applauded) or shouted boo for a particular singer. Usually it means an "organised" group who know in advance what they are going to do.

In the 19th century there was very often a claque at performances of an opera. Someone who liked one of the singers and wanted them to have lots of applause would pay a group of people to sit near the back of the opera house and to clap and shout enthusiastically whenever that singer had finished a song. This would encourage the rest of the audience to clap loudly too. Sometimes the claque would be paid to do the opposite: they would be told to hiss and boo when the singer had sung.

Very often a singer would have to pay some money to the claque so that they would applaud him (or her). If the singer did not pay, the claque would hiss and boo. This was, of course, a nasty form of blackmail. In the early 20th century, when the world-famous tenor Enrico Caruso refused to pay the claque in Naples a bribe, they hissed during his singing of the great aria "Una furtiva lagrima".

Groups of supporters at football ('soccer') matches do much the same thing without being paid. Abuse of match officials is also quite common. Abuse between rival groups of fans is also common. Clubs are required to keep away fans in different sections from home fans. 


Leech

A leech, plural leeches, is a kind of worm that live in wet areas. Some only live in water, but some, called terrestrial leeches, can live on land. Terrestrial leeches can only live in wet and humid areas. Some leeches that live in water can swim. Leeches have 34 connected parts, called segments, that make up the body. Some leeches are predators, and eat other small animals, called invertebrates. Other leeches drink the blood of bigger animals, including humans.

Glycoprotein

A glycoprotein is a big molecule. It is composed of a protein and a carbohydrate (which is usually a sugar-like substance). Glycoproteins are important to recognise immune cells in mammals. 
Well-known glycoproteins are:

Hormones that are glycoproteins are (amongst others)



Tissue culture

Tissue culture or cell culture is a way to grow cells in a laboratory. Cells are taken, and put into in a flask or Petri dish. They can be grown on a growth medium, sometimes an agar plate. The cells divide, and can be treated in various ways. This is done for a number of purposes, especially for the use of scientific research: 


Chemotherapy

Chemotherapy, or 'chemo', is the use of chemical substances to treat diseases. The word "chemotherapy" is often used for a type of medicine used to treat cancer. The drugs are cytotoxic, which means they are toxic to the body's cells.

There are many types of chemotherapy. and doctors chose the medication that will treat each types of cancer in the best way. Often, chemotherapy drugs are combined with each other and with other drugs when a person is treated for cancer.

When a person has surgery to remove a tumor, chemotherapy may be given before or after. 

Chemotherapy can also be used to treat other diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis. 

Chemotherapy often has bad side effects:


EPO

EPO or epo may refer to:


East Slavic languages

The East Slavic languages are one of the three regional subgroups of the Slavic languages. It is the largest subgroup of the Slavic languages by number of speakers. The East Slavic languages are natively spoken in Eastern Europe, Siberia, and the Russian Far East. It is also used as a lingua franca in the Caucasus and Central Asia.

The main East Slavic languages are Belarusian, Russian, and Ukrainian. Sometimes Rusyn is also made separate, but other times it is said to be a dialect of Ukrainian. All of these languages use the Cyrillic script.

Typhoid

Typhoid, or typhoid fever, is an illness caused by the bacterium "Salmonella enterica" subspecies "enterica". Symptoms may vary from mild to severe, and usually begin 6 to 30 days after exposure. The disease is spread by water which has the bacteria in it. 

Typhi is spread through from what is called the "fecaloral route". The source is people who are infected but have no symptoms. An asymptomatic human carrier is an individual who is still excreting typhoid bacteria in their stool a year after the acute stage of the infection.

Typhoid usually lasts between two weeks and a month. The symptoms of typhoid often appear 10 to 14 days after infection. If no treatment is given, between one and three out of every ten patients die. The rest usually get better after a month, at the most.

Typhoid causes a steady fever of at least 103–104 degrees F (39–40 degrees C). Also, it can cause stomach pains, headache, being delirious (restless, excited, seeing things), and not being hungry. In some cases, flat, pink coloured spots show up on the patient's body. Sometimes there are no symptoms. 

Typhoid is not common in countries with good sanitation and clean water. For example, scientists think that there are only 400 cases a year in the United States. In 2015, 12.5 million new cases worldwide were reported. For example, in the Indian subcontinent, typhoid is one of the most common diseases because of poor sanitation and lack of basic hygiene.In that case, typhoid fever is common in children of the one to 15 years age group.

The disease can be treated with antibiotics. There are standard drugs like "chloromycetin" which cure typhoid. 

Necklace

A necklace is a jewellery item worn round the neck. It is of ancient origin: all civilisations have worn them. They usually figure precious metals and jewels, but may be made of colourful beads.

The emeralds threaded onto the necklace were mined in Colombia. The diamonds were mined in India. The necklace's gemstones are believed to have been cut in India in the 17th century, but the early history of the necklace itself is unknown. The first recorded owner of the piece was Tukoji Rao III, Maharaja of Indore (a Princely State in India) in the early 20th century. On his abdication, the necklace was passed to his son, Yashvantrao II, who took up his father's throne. The necklace is sometimes called, though with no reason, the Spanish Inquisition necklace.

Cranbourne, Victoria

Cranbourne is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is south east of Melbourne. It is above sea-level. Its Local Government Area is the City of Casey.

The Cranbourne area is made up of the suburbs: 

The first people to live in the Cranbourne area were the Boonwurrung Aborigines. The first Europen settlers were the Ruffy brothers who arrived in 1836. They later opened the Cranbourne Inn.

The area was opened up by settlers from the 1860s. Progress in developing the land around Cranbourne was difficult because of the Koo Wee Rup swamp. William Lyall bought land in the swamp area. He helped organize draining the swamp to make it usable as farmland. The region has a strong farming history. A major cattle market started at Cranbourne in the 1870s. This was helped with the arrival of the railway in 1887. A market gardening industry began after World War I with the arrival of Italian immigrants.

Cranbourne has a long history of horse racing. The first races were held in 1867. The Cranbourne Racecourse and Recreation Reserve and the Cranbourne Training Complex are popular facilities. There is a Cranbourne Cup race meeting every year as well as other carnivals.

In the 1860s, a number of iron meteorites were discovered in the area. The largest, at 3.5 tonnes, was at the time, the largest discovered in the world. It was known as the Cranbourne meteorite. It was sold to the British Museum.

Cranbourne was made a town in 1861. The Shire of Cranbourne was begun in 1868. The office, built in 1875, is still standing on the corner of South Gippsland Highway and Sladen Street. In 1994 the Shire was made a City. Later in the same year most of the City joined with the City of Berwick to form the City of Casey.

Over the years Cranbourne has changed from a small country town to a rapidly growing suburb. The exact time of when Cranbourne had changed from town to suburb is not really known. The number of people living in Cranbourne has grown quickly since the 1970s. There were 1,800 people in 1976, rising to 14,005 in 1986 and 18,886 in 1991. Cranbourne's current population is estimated to be at least 30,000 people.
Cranbourne has many sports facilities including:

The Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne is a part of Melbourne's Royal Botanic Gardens. At Cranbourne there are a lot of Australian plants on display. One feature is an arid lands garden which has a red sand dune with desert plants.

Schools in the Cranbourne area include:

Because of the growth in Cranbourne several new primary schools are being planned.

Chisholm Institute of TAFE also has a campus in Cranbourne, to the city's east.

Shopping centres in the Cranbourne area include:

The MRA Cranbourne GP Run is held each year on the Saturday of the Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix.

Cranbourne races are a regular event on the racing calendar. Greyhound and harness racing are also held.

Melbourne's suburban railway links the suburb to Melbourne. The terminus of the Cranbourne railway line is at Cranbourne railway station. Merinda Park station is in Cranbourne North.


Transylvania

Transylvania is a historical region in Central Europe. In the past, it was a part of Hungary, was an independent principality, belonged to the Ottoman Empire or was a province of Austria-Hungary. It has been part of Romania since the end of World War I in 1918.

The borders was made up by the Siret River from east, river Tisza from west of north and south by the Carpathian Mountains. 

Transylvania's main city, Cluj-Napoca, is seen as the region's informal capital. But Transylvania was also ruled from Alba Iulia during its dependence from the Ottoman Empire, and the seat of the Transylvanian Diet was moved to Sibiu for some time in the 19th century.

In popular culture, Transylvania is mainly known as the seat (and origin) of Count Dracula. This vampire story by Bram Stoker is based on a local nobleman Vlad III the Impaler, known for his cruelty. It also was the home of Elizabeth Báthory.

Southwest Airlines

Southwest Airlines is a airline based in Dallas, Texas that has a reputation for low fares. The airline started in 1971. It flies mostly among about a hundred airports within the United States but also flies from the United States to airports in the Caribbean Sea and Mexico. 

Originally, many of Southwest's flights were to airports in the Southwestern United States, such as Dallas Love Field and Houston Hobby Airport, but it also flies to airports in other parts of the country, such as Chicago Midway Airport and Baltimore/Washington International Airport. Southwest Airlines controls most of the gates at Dallas Love Field and most other airlines cannot fly from there.

In 2014, it started international flights. 

The company flies about 700 Boeing 737 aircraft. This is more than any other airline. It only flies the Boeing 737. By 2019, 13 were the newest kind, the Boeing 737 MAX.
Southwest Airlines bought the smaller AirTran Airways in 2010 and discontinued the AirTran name. For several years, Southwest was the largest airline in the United States based on number of passengers, but it was not the largest based on distance traveled. 

In 2018, an engine exploded on a Southwest Airlines flight, killing one passenger. That was the first death of a passenger from an aircraft accident on Southwest (earlier passenger deaths were from other causes, such as heart attack and drug overdoses).


Cluj-Napoca

Cluj-Napoca (pronunciation in Romanian: ; ; ; ; ), until 1974 "Cluj", is the third biggest city in Romania, and is the capital city of Cluj County, in the north-western part of Transylvania. Bucharest is about 330 kilometers away from Cluj-Napoca. About 330,000 people live in the city. It also has some famous universities and a rich history as the capital city of Transylvania.

In the west of Cluj-Napoca is the Hoia-Baciu Forest. There is a bicycle park and other sport activities like paintball, airsoft or archery.


Sibiu

Sibiu (IPA , German: "Hermannstadt", Hungarian: "Nagyszeben") is a city in Transylvania, Romania. About 170,000 people live there. The Cibin River, a tributary of the Olt River flows through the city. It is the capital of Sibiu County.


Graphic design

Graphic design is a practical art which helps in communication. Visual information is formed in a way that produces a message. This can be done by placing words and pictures in ways that will get the attention of others. People who do graphic design as work are called "graphic designers". In printed media, graphic design includes typography, organising illustration, book design, page layout, specifying print.

Graphic design can be done in different media. These include paper, video, labels, and web sites. 

Graphic designers use many skills, rules and techniques to provide the right information. They must combine artistic expression and media relations. Skills include the ability to look at the whole picture, color theory, design principles, understanding of art, etc.

Graphic design today is heavily used in all types of media, magazine articles, internet and especially in advertising. Almost every marketing effort utilizes graphic design for brochures, business cards, websites, logo design and corporate identity. 

Contemporary graphic designs tends to feature modern geometric forms and shapes and bold typefaces. They emphasize making the message easy to read and comprehend and also grab attention and make memorable.
Graphic Designers are people who convert ideas and layout design of print, web or digital media, conceptualized and created by copywriters(people who write the written or textual content) and visualizers (people who originally conceive the look of the final layout) into visually appealing text,images, videos, illustrations, linearts or other forms of drawings or art. It is only after the work of graphic designers that the content becomes appealing and relatively much more attractive to the viewer than was originally made. The degree to which this can be made attractive to the audience depends to a large extent on the skill and proficiency of the Graphic Designer.

Rwandan genocide

The Rwandan genocide happened in 1994. It started in April and lasted 100 days. During that time, about 800,000 people were murdered.

In a genocide, many or all people in a group are killed because of their ethnicity, colour, religion, or political opinions. In the Rwandan genocide, members of an ethnic group called the Tutsi ("abatutsi") were killed because of their ethnicity. The killers were extremist members of another ethnic group called the Hutu ("abahutu"). The Hutu killers also killed other Hutus whose beliefs were not as extreme as theirs.

In 1994, almost all Rwandan people (85%) were Hutus. However, for many years, the Tutsi minority had more power and ran the Rwandan government. In 1959, the Hutus overthrew the Tutsi government and took power. Tens of thousands of Tutsis ran away to nearby countries.

A group of the Tutsis in exile created a rebel group. They called it the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF). The RPF invaded Rwanda in 1990, starting the Rwandan Civil War. The Tutsi rebels and the Hutu government fought until 1993, when the two sides signed a peace agreement.

However, on April 6, 1994, an airplane carrying the Presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was shot down. Both Presidents were Hutus. Nobody knows for sure who shot down the plane. The RPF said the Hutu extremists had shot down the plane themselves, just because they wanted an excuse to start killing people. The Hutu extremists blamed the Tutsi RPF, and right away, they started killing Tutsis.

Within a half an hour, Hutu militias had blocked roads all over Kigali, Rwanda's capital city. They stopped every car that came by, and killed every Tutsi they found. The Rwandan genocide began that day.

In the next 100 days, members of the Hutu government's army, militias, and even civilians would kill 800,000 people an average of 8,000 people every day. This makes the Rwandan Genocide one of the fastest genocides in history.

The two main militia groups that carried out the killings were the Interahamwe and the Impuzamugambi. These were supposed to be youth organizations of two pro-Hutu political parties. However, the government turned them into militias to carry out the genocide.

Within a few hours after the Presidents' deaths, military leaders in Rwanda's different provinces called together militia and civilians. They told them that the President was dead, and that the Tutsi RPF had killed him. Then they ordered the crowd to kill Tutsis, saying things like: "Begin your work!" and "Spare no one!" including babies.

Just after the Presidents' deaths, Hutu extremists assassinated the Rwandan prime minister. They also tortured and killed the ten Belgian soldiers that had been assigned to protect her.

After that, throughout the night of April 6-7, Hutu militias and the Rwandan army got lists of people in the government who were political moderates (meaning they were not extremists). They found these people in Kigali and killed them. They did this so the moderates would not be able to stop the genocide. They also killed journalists and human rights activists who had spoken out against the Hutu government.

On the night of April 6, Hutu militias also went house to house in Kigali, killing Tutsis. By the morning of April 7th, the killings had got worse. Interahamwe killed and looted however they wanted. Other countries' journalists were able to film many of these things. In a few days, the genocide had spread all over the country. As the genocide spread out into the rural parts of Rwanda, the killers paid less attention to murdering moderate Hutus and more attention to massacring Tutsis.

The Rwandan Genocide was committed in a very organized way. For example, the genocide's leaders made lists of people who were against the Hutu-led government. They gave these lists to militias, who went and killed those people, along with their families. The militias also blocked roads so they could check the identification cards of everyone who came by. These cards had a person's ethnic group listed on them. When they found a Tutsi, the militias would kill the person. Often, they used machetes. When Tutsis tried to hide from the killers, the militias would search every building in an area, inch by inch, until they found the people who were hiding. Buses even drove the killers from massacre to massacre.

The army and militias were very brutal towards women. They raped between 150,000 and 250,000 Tutsi women. They also kidnapped women and forced them to be sex slaves. After raping women, the rapists would often mutilate the women's sex organs with weapons, boiling water, or acid.

Most victims of the genocide were killed in their own villages. Often, they were killed by their own neighbors. Government radio stations encouraged regular people to kill their Tutsi neighbors. Hutus who refused to kill Tutsis were often executed immediately. Husbands killed their Tutsi wives because they were scared of being killed if they refused. There were even priests and nuns convicted of killing people who were trying to hide in churches. As historian Richard Prunier explains: during the genocide, "Either you took part in the massacres or you were massacred yourself."

The killers used propaganda to encourage the genocide. They set up radio stations and newspapers which were full of hate speech. Often, they encouraged people to "weed out the cockroaches," which meant "kill the Tutsis." The killers would read out the names of people they wanted to be killed over the radio. Radio stations told their listeners to make sure they disemboweled pregnant Tutsi women.

In October 1993, the United Nations Security Council created the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda (UNAMIR). It was supposed to help put the 1993 peace agreement into place. However, UNAMIR did not have permission from the Security Council to protect civilians or try to stop the genocide. At this time, UNAMIR soldiers were only allowed to shoot their weapons in self-defence, if somebody was attacking them personally. They were not allowed to use their weapons or get involved to protect civilians who were being attacked.

More and more, UNAMIR's peacekeeping troops were being attacked. Countries began to pull their soldiers out of Rwanda. Some members of the United Nations Security Council, like the United States, argued strongly that the UN should take "all" of its peacekeeping troops out of Rwanda. Eventually, the Security Council decided to decrease the number of troops UNAMIR was allowed to have. On April 21, 1994, as the genocide was spreading across Rwanda, the Security Council decreased the number of allowed UNAMIR troops from 2,548 to 270 a decrease of almost 90%.

UNAMIR's Commander, Roméo Dallaire, kept asking the United Nations for more troops. On May 15, the Security Council increased UNAMIR's allowed number of troops to 5,500. However, it took almost six months for UN member countries to volunteer this many troops. Meanwhile, the genocide continued.

France offered to lead a humanitarian mission in southwest Rwanda while UNAMIR was trying to gather more troops. The Security Council approved this mission on June 22, 1994. France called the mission "Operation Turquoise." During this operation, soldiers from France and other countries set up a "safe zone" in southwest Rwanda. This was meant to be an area where people could come to be protected from Hutu attacks. Historians think that Operation Turquoise saved 13,000 to 14,000 lives. However, France has been accused of letting war criminals escape Rwanda through the safe zone.

Because UNAMIR's troops were not allowed to use their weapons to protect civilians, the militias were able to massacre civilians even when UNAMIR troops were nearby.

For example, on April 7, 1994, Belgian soldiers were staying at a school outside Kigali. Thousands of Tutsis ran from Kigali to the school, hoping that the soldiers would protect them from the massacres that were happening in Kigali. Hutu militia surrounded the school, but they did not enter because they were afraid of the Belgian soldiers.

However, one day, the Belgian soldiers left. They had been ordered to leave so they could take European people to the airport to get them out of the country. Later, a Belgian colonel "said the young soldiers told him they saw the killers in their rearview mirrors" as they drove away. After the soldiers left, the Hutu militia killed thousands of Tutsis.

Another massacre happened in Murambi, a town in southern Rwanda. When the genocide reached Murambi, Tutsis tried to hide at a church. However, the bishop and mayor tricked them by telling them to go to the Murambi Technical School. They said the French soldiers there would protect them. On April 16, 1994, about 65,000 Tutsis ran to the school. One survivor said: "They gave us four [French soldiers] for protection, but from 17 April we never saw them again."

After they got to the school, the Tutsis had no food. The school's water was also cut off, so the Tutsis would be too weak to fight back. The Tutsis were still able to fight back for a few days, using stones. However, on April 21, the school was attacked by the Interahamwe. They killed about 45,000 Tutsis at the school. The other 20,000 Tutsis ran to a nearby church to hide, but the militia found them there and killed almost all of them.

The school is now a genocide museum. The museum says that only 34 people out of 65,000 survived the massacre. It also says that after the massacre, the French soldiers came back and buried the bodies in mass graves. Then they put a volleyball court over the mass graves to hide what happened.

In 1999, Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, asked for an independent report about the Rwandan Genocide. He wanted to know why the United Nations and the world had "failed" to stop the Rwandan Genocide. The report said that the major failures were:

The Ugandan army joined the RPF in fighting the extremist Hutus. Bit by bit, they took control of more parts of Rwanda. Finally, on July 4, 1994, they took control of Kigali.

After this, about two million Hutus ran away from Rwanda to Zaire. This group included 1.4 million Hutu civilians who had nothing to do with the genocide, but had been told that the RPF would kill them just for being Hutus.

According to the BBC, "Human rights groups say the RPF killed thousands of Hutu civilians as they took power and more after they went into [Zaire] to [follow] the Interahamwe. The RPF denies this."

In 1994, Rwanda's population was 7.9 million. After the genocide:

Before the genocide, about 1.1 million of Rwandans were Tutsis. After the genocide, there were only about 300,000 Tutsis left in the country. Almost three out of every four Tutsis in Rwanda had been killed during the genocide.

In 1995, the United Nations Security Council set up the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR). Its goal was to prosecute people who took part in genocide, war crimes, or crimes against humanity, and punish the guilty ones. The ICTR had the power to prosecute anyone who broke international laws about human rights.

The ICTR was the first international court ever to:

Out of 93 people indicted by the ICTR, 61 were found guilty and sent to prison. Another ten cases were sent to Rwanda so their own courts could hear the cases. Three people indicted by the ICTR are still fugitives.

The ICTR closed on December 31, 2015.

The Rwandan government was not able to start trying genocide suspects until 1996. This was because so many judges had been killed in the genocide, and because so many court buildings and jails had been destroyed.

By 2000, there were over 100,000 suspects waiting for trials. The regular Rwandan courts could not handle this many cases. To help with this problem, the government set up a new and different system of courts to help the regular Rwandan courts.

By mid-2006, the Rwandan courts had tried over 10,000 genocide suspects.

In 2001, the Rwandan government began to create a system of Gacaca courts (pronounced "GA-CHA-CHA"). In these courts, Rwandans elect judges to hear genocide suspects' trials. Gacaca courts may hear cases about any crimes except planning genocide or rape. These cases must be heard by regular Rwandan courts.

If a suspect is found guilty, the Gacaca courts give less severe sentences if the person is truly sorry and asks for the community's forgiveness. The goal of the Gacaca courts is to get justice while also moving towards reconciliation. It also gives perpetrators the chance to admit what they did, which gives victims a chance to learn what happened to their loved ones.

Between 2001 and 2012, 12,000 Gacaca courts tried over 1.2 million cases all over Rwanda. These courts officially finished their work on May 4, 2012.



Vaquita

The vaquita ("Phocoena sinus") is a rare type of porpoise. It lives only in the Gulf of California. It is the world's smallest cetacean and most endangered marine mammal. The Vaquita is listed as Critically Endangered by the International Union of Conservation of Nature. Forty years ago, the Vaquita population was estimated to have 1000 living individuals. Current research has shown that from 1990 to now (2021), the population has dropped from close to 500 individuals down to 20 or less. The species is most under threat from illegal fishing activities that are taking place in the Gulf; ongoing bycatch in gillnets used to catch shrimp and to poach the endangered totoaba (Totoaba macdonaldi). This species requires a 9-month maternal care period for newborns after birth. Without their mothers, newborns will not be able to survive. Therefore, the loss of a female mother vaquita results in an additional loss of their newborn. 

Vaquita have a dark coloring around the eyes and mouth. The upper side of the body is medium to dark gray. The underside is off-white to light gray. It has a rather large fin on its back for its size.
The Vaquita is the smallest type of porpoise in the world, growing up to 5 feet long and weighing up to 120 pounds.

Vaquita feed on small, bottom-dwelling fish and squid.

They live alone or in small groups, usually of about three, but sometimes they live in groups of up to ten.

 Rodríguez-Félix. (2021). Viability of the vaquita, Phocoena sinus (Cetacea: Phocoenidae) population, threatened by poaching of Totoaba macdonaldi (Perciformes: Sciaenidae). Revista de Biología Tropical., 69(2), 588–600. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.15517/rbt.v69i2.45475</nowiki>

Zygote

A zygote is the fertilized cell that will grow into a new animal or plant. When a female's ovum and a male's sperm cell join, the cell that results is called the zygote. The zygote then multiplies, and grows into an embryo. So, a zygote is formed from the union of two gametes, and is the first stage in a human organism's development. Zygotes are produced by fertilization between two haploid cells, the ovum and the sperm cells, which make a diploid cell. Diploid cells have copies of both parents' chromosomes and DNA. At conception it has all the necessary properties to create a fully formed human being. Life until death is a series of many different stages of development. 

Some animals keep the zygote in their bodies until it is a full-grown baby. The time between the forming of the zygote and the baby's birth is called pregnancy. Other animals do not keep the zygote in their bodies, but lay an egg. The zygote grows inside the egg until it is ready and a larva or baby animal hatches.

Dave Jauss

Dave Jauss (born January 16, 1957) is the bench coach for the New York Mets. He has also been the bench coach for the Los Angeles Dodgers and Baltimore Orioles.

Cardiac arrest

Cardiac arrest happens when the heart suddenly stops beating. This can be caused by a heart attack in which the heart's demand for oxygen is not met and the heart muscle begins to die. With cardiac arrest, normal circulation of blood stops, because of a failure of the heart to contract. This results in the body not getting enough oxygenated blood, which causes cells to start to die from oxygen starvation. Cerebral hypoxia (lack of oxygen to the brain) makes a person lose consciousness and stop breathing, and this makes the heart stop completely. Unless the person is in hypothermia, brain damage usually occurs after three to five minutes. (In some cases, the person is put into hypothermia on purpose, to help the person recover better with less damage.)

Cardiac arrest is a medical emergency. If it is treated early enough, some damage done can be reversed in certain groups of patients. When cardiac arrest leads to a person's death, this is called sudden cardiac death (SCD). First aid treatment for cardiac arrest usually begins with cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) to keep oxygenated blood flowing until medical treatment is available.

Huguenots

From the 16th to the 18th century the name Huguenot was describing a member of the Protestant Reformed Church of France. They are sometimes known as the French Calvinists.

After the Saint Bartholomew's Day Massacre in 1572 and the French Wars of Religion hundreds of thousands of French Protestants fled France, some to the East End of London, specifically Soho and Spitalfields. The Treaty of Nantes allowed them to stay in France without being massacred

La Rochelle

La Rochelle is a city in the Charente-Maritime department and a seaport in western France near the Bay of Biscay. The Huguenots there rebelled in 1627 and 1628.
La Rochelle is a coastal city in southwestern France and capital of the Charente-Maritime department. It has been a center for fishing and trade since the 12th century, a maritime tradition that's reflected in its Vieux Port (old harbor) and huge, modern Les Minimes marina. The old town has half-timbered medieval houses and Renaissance architecture, including passageways covered by 17th-century arches. 

La Rochelle Business School is in the city.

La Rochelle is twinned with:

Combustion

Combustion is the process of burning. Combustion is a reaction of a fuel with an oxidant to give out heat. The release of heat can produce light in the form of a flame.

Car engines and rocket engines both work by combustion. Combustion in a Ferrari car motor is different from combustion in a rocket engine. Car combustion is gas burning and exploding in cylinders called pistons again and again to push them up and down, making the car move. Rocket combustion is made by rocket fuel exploding out of the back of the rocket moving it up. The burning of most substances is bad for the environment and the ozone layer because it can let off greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide. Hydrogen burns cleanly and gives off a lot of heat, but it does not produce much power, and is highly explosive.

The fire tetrahedron (contains oxygen fuel heat and chemical chain reaction) show the components of combustion. During combustion, fuel reacts with oxygen and heat, then releases energy. Complete combustion happens in a plentiful supply of oxygen. Complete combustion releases more energy than incomplete combustion. Incomplete combustion occurs when the supply of air is limited, or poor. Incomplete combustion also creates carbon monoxide, and more soot. Several factors must be considered when choosing the best fuel for a particular purpose. Fuels are substances that react with oxygen to release useful energy. Most of the energy is released as heat, but light energy is also released. About 21 per cent of the air is oxygen. When a fuel burns in plenty of air, it receives enough oxygen for complete combustion. Complete combustion needs a plentiful supply of air so that the elements in the fuel react fully with oxygen. Fuels such as natural gas and petrol contain hydrocarbons. These are compounds of hydrogen and carbon only. Combustion is a high-temperature oxidation reaction.

Nanometre

The nanometre (symbol: nm) is a unit used to measure length in the metric system. It is equal to one billionth of a metre () and for kilometre, it is equal to one trillionth of a kilometre (1 km / 1,000,000,000,000). The name combines the SI prefix "nano-" (from the Ancient Greek , ', "dwarf") with the parent unit name "metre" (from Greek , ', "unit of measurement"). It can be written in scientific notation as 1×10 m.

The nanometre is often used to express very tiny dimensions, such as measuring atoms. The nanometre is also commonly used to measure the wavelength of electromagnetic radiation near the part of the spectrum that can be seen by humans. Visible light ranges from around 400 to 800 nm.

The nanometre was formerly called the millimicrometre (or the millimicron). This is because it is 1/1000 of a micrometre, and was written with the symbol mµ (or sometimes µµ).


Caterpillar

A caterpillar is a young butterfly or moth that has just hatched out of its egg. A caterpillar is a kind of larva. When it is older, the caterpillar will turn into a pupa (also known as a chrysalis), and then later the pupa will turn into a butterfly.

Caterpillars usually have three pairs of small, but noticeable, true legs at the front and up to 5 pairs of fleshy false legs at the back.

Caterpillars are commonly found feeding on leaves, but they are also found inside living stems and branches or on the roots of plants and dead wood.

Most caterpillars are shades of green or brown and are relatively hairless, although in many families caterpillars are very hairy and often brightly coloured. Some species are pests of growing plants, carpets, woollens, organic fabrics and stored food products.

Caterpillars are an important source of food for birds and other invertebrates and many species help dead animals and plants decompose.

Examples of different kinds of caterpillars.

Hummingbird

Hummingbirds are small birds of the family Trochilidae.

They are among the smallest of birds: most species measure 7.5–13 cm (3–5 in). The smallest living bird species is the 2–5 cm bee hummingbird. They can hover in mid-air by rapidly flapping their wings 12–80 times per second (depending on the species). They are also the only group of birds able to fly backwards. Their rapid wing beats do actually hum. They can fly at speeds over 15 m/s (54 km/h, 34 mi/h).

Hummingbirds help flowers to pollinate, though many other insects also do so. The hummingbird depends absolutely on the nectar, more so that any other bird.

Hummingbirds do not have a good sense of smell; instead, they are attracted to color, especially the color red. Unlike the butterfly, the hummingbird hovers over the flower as it drinks nectar from it, like a moth. When it does so, it flaps its wings very quickly to stay in one place, which makes it look like a blur and also beats so fast it makes a humming sound. A hummingbird sometimes puts its whole head into the flower to drink the nectar properly. When it takes its head back out, its head is covered with yellow pollen, so that when it moves to another flower, it can pollinate. 

Like bees, hummingbirds can assess the amount of sugar in the nectar they eat. They reject flowers whose nectar has less than 10% sugar. Nectar is a poor source of nutrients, so hummingbirds meet their needs for protein, amino acids, vitamins, minerals, etc. by preying on insects and spiders.

Most hummingbirds have bills that are long and straight or nearly so, but in some species the bill shape is adapted for specialized feeding. Thornbills have short, sharp bills adapted for feeding from flowers with short corollas and piercing the bases of longer ones. The sicklebills' extremely decurved bills are adapted to extracting nectar from the curved corollas of flowers in the family Gesneriaceae. The bill of the fiery-tailed awlbill has an upturned tip, as in the Avocets. The male tooth-billed hummingbird has barracuda-like spikes at the tip of its long, straight bill.

The two halves of a hummingbird's bill have a pronounced overlap, with the lower half (mandible) fitting tightly inside the upper half (maxilla). When hummingbirds feed on nectar, the bill is usually only opened slightly, allowing the tongue to dart out into the nectar.

Like the similar nectar-feeding sunbirds and unlike other birds, hummingbirds drink by using grooved or trough-like tongues which they can stick out a long way.
Hummingbirds do not spend all day flying, as the energy cost would be prohibitive; much of their activity consists of sitting or perching. Hummingbirds feed in many small meals, consuming many small invertebrates and up to twelve times their own body weight in nectar each day. They spend an average of 10–15% of their time feeding and 75–80% sitting and digesting.

Since hummingbirds are specialized nectar-eaters, they are tied to the flowers they feed upon. Some species, especially those with unusual bill shapes such as the sword-billed hummingbird and the sicklebills, are co-evolved with a small number of flower species.

Many plants pollinated by hummingbirds produce flowers in shades of red, orange, and bright pink, though the birds will take nectar from flowers of many colors. Hummingbirds can see wavelengths into the near-ultraviolet. However, their flowers do not reflect these wavelengths as many insect-pollinated flowers do. The narrow color spectrum may make hummingbird-pollinated flowers inconspicuous to insects, thereby reducing nectar robbing by insects. 

Hummingbird-pollinated flowers produce relatively weak nectar (averaging 25% sugars w/w) containing high concentrations of sucrose, whereas insect-pollinated flowers typically produce more concentrated nectars dominated by fructose and glucose.

Hummingbirds have traditionally been a part of the bird order Apodiformes. This order includes the hummingbirds, the swifts and the tree swifts. The Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy of birds, based on DNA studies done in the 1970s and 1980s, changed the classification of hummingbirds. Instead of being in the same order as the swifts, the hummingbirds were made an order, the Trochiliformes. Their previous order, Apodiformes was changed to the superorder Apodimorphae. This superorder contains the three families of birds which were in it when it was an order.

Bielsko-Biała

Bielsko-Biała is a city in southern Poland with 180,000 inhabitants. Its size is . The city is in the Beskidy mountains.


Idi Amin

Idi Amin Dada (17 May 1925 – 16 August 2003) was a repressive dictator who ruled the African country of Uganda from 1971 to 1979. Known for his brutal regime, Amin's rule was marked by human rights abuses, political repression, and economic mismanagement. He seized power through a military coup, and his regime was characterized by authoritarianism and erratic behavior. Amin expelled Uganda's Asian minority, leading to economic decline, and his reign saw widespread human rights violations, including mass killings and torture. He was eventually overthrown in 1979 and fled to Libya and Later Saudi Arabia, living in exile until his death in 2003. 
Idi Amin was born on May 17, 1925 in Koboko, British Uganda. He initially worked as a cook and later joined the King's African Rifles, where he rose through the ranks. Amin's early life was marked by his military career and his growing influence within Ugandan politics.

Idi Amin had multiple wives during his life, but two of the most prominent ones were Malyamu and Kay. His personal life was complex. Amin built a palace near Lake Victoria where he lived during his rule. It was a place of luxury for him.

In 1946, Amin Joined the King's African Rifles and Participated in the Mau Mau rebellion in Neighboring Kenya. Following Uganda's independence in 1962, Amin rose through the ranks of the Ugandan military, eventually becoming a major in 1963. His career progressed, and he seized power in a coup in 1971, establishing himself as Uganda's president.

On January 25, 1971, Amin's Troops overthrown Milton Obote's Government while Obote was out of the country attending a Commonwealth meeting in Singapore. 

During his Early years in power, Amin Targeted supporters of Milton Obote's Regime, mainly the Acholi and Lango ethnic groups. In August 1972, Amin Ordered the Expulsion of Uganda's Asian Community, which caused the economy to collapse and Amin nationalized all business that was onced owned by the Asian Community.

Idi Amin had a controversial foreign policy. He expelled Asian communities, leading to strained relations with the UK and Israel. Amin's regime was marked by erratic diplomatic decisions and isolationist tendencies.
Idi Amin had a complex relationship with Israel. In the early 1970s, he expressed support for Israel, but later he shifted towards a more anti-Israel stance. Amin severed diplomatic ties in 1972, aligning himself with the Arab nations after the Yom Kippur War.
Idi Amin had a close relationship with Libya's leader, Muammar Gaddafi, during the 1970s. They formed an alliance based on shared interests and anti-Western sentiments. Gaddafi provided Amin with economic and military support, and they collaborated on various political initiatives.
Idi Amin's relationship with the United States was strained. While initially supported during the Cold War due to his anti-Soviet stance, Amin's erratic behavior and human rights abuses led to a deterioration of relations.
Idi Amin initially had close ties with the Soviet Union in the early 1970s, but the relationship soured later. Amin, Uganda's president, expelled Israeli and Western advisers, turning to the Soviet Union for support.
Idi Amin's relationship with the United Kingdom was tumultuous. After seizing power in Uganda in 1971, Amin initially had good relations with the UK. However, his erratic behavior, human rights abuses, and expulsion of Asians from Uganda strained ties. The UK condemned Amin's actions, leading to a deterioration in diplomatic relations.

Idi Amin's fall from power began in 1979 when Tanzanian forces, with Ugandan exiles, ousted him. Amin fled to Libya and later settled in Saudi Arabia.

Idi Amin lived his later years in exile, mainly in Saudi Arabia, after being ousted from power in 1979. He remained there until his death in August 2003.

Idi Amin's legacy is marked by a brutal regime during his time as Uganda's president from 1971 to 1979. His rule was characterized by human rights abuses, political repression, and economic mismanagement. The exact impact of his legacy is complex, with lasting scars on Uganda's history and society.

Idi Amin has been portrayed in various films and books. Forest Whitaker won an Academy Award for his portrayal of Amin in "The Last King of Scotland." Amin's character is often used to explore themes of power and brutality in storytelling.


Phnom Penh

Phnom Penh (; official Romanization: Phnum Pénh; IPA: [pʰnum peːɲ]) is the capital city of Cambodia. It is the largest and most populous city in the country. It is also the capital of the Phnom Penh administrative city. On April 17 1975, it was seized by the Khmer Rouge who soon forced everyone to leave. It was later retaken from the Khmer Rouge by the Vietnamese Army in January 1979.

Take Me Out to the Ball Game

"Take Me Out to the Ball Game" is a 1908 Tin Pan Alley song. The words were written by Jack Norworth. The music was written by Albert Von Tilzer. Neither of the writers had been to a baseball game. The song has become the unofficial anthem of baseball. 

The chorus is traditionally sung during the seventh-inning stretch of a baseball game. Fans are generally encouraged to sing along. At some ballparks, the words "home team" are replaced with the team name, as is the case with the Houston Astros, San Francisco Giants, Pittsburgh Pirates, Boston Red Sox, Chicago Cubs, Chicago White Sox, Milwaukee Brewers, Philadelphia Phillies, Toronto Blue Jays, Miami Marlins, Colorado Rockies, Detroit Tigers and several other Major League Baseball teams.

The first recorded version of the song was made by Edward Meeker. Meeker's recording was selected by the Library of Congress as a 2010 addition to the National Recording Registry. The Registry picks recordings once a year that are "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Xia dynasty

Xia dynasty (Chinese: 夏朝; Pinyin: xià cháo; Wade–Giles: Hsia-ch'ao) was the first dynasty of China. It was founded in 2100 BC and ended in 1600 BC. Until archaeologists dug at Erlitou in Henan Province, many scientists were not sure if the Xia Dynasty was real or a myth. The last king was Jie who was said to be cruel and greedy. He was defeated by T'ang, the king of the Shang people from the east.

South Park

South Park is an American adult animated sitcom about the lives of 24 children in the 4th grade living in the small mountain town of South Park, Colorado. The series is made to be watched by adults, but the series gets a lot of people to watch it because of its humor. It uses satire to make fun of subjects such as current events, religion, politics, and pop culture. The show is controversial because of its use of profanity and sexual humor. Characters in "South Park" include Butters Stotch, Eric Cartman, Kenny McCormick, Bebe Stevens, Millie Larsen, Heidi Turner, Red McArthur, Nichole Daniels, Allie Nelson, Betsy, Ashley, Kelly-Ann Barlow, Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Timmy Burch, Jimmy Valmer, Clyde Donovan, Annie Knitts, Scott Malkinson, Lola, Nate, Adam Borque, DogPoo Petuski and Jason White. These children are 10 years old. The series is about them living in their town.

The series' creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone made a movie about the series, called "" which Parker directed and was released on .

" South Park" began in when Trey Parker and Matt Stone met in their film class at the University of Colorado at Boulder. They made a short subject animated short called "Jesus vs. Frosty". The short movie had characters that were similar to the main characters in the present-day "South Park".

Later on, an executive at FOX saw the movie. He hired Parker and Stone to make a second short movie to send to friends as a video Christmas card. This second video was called "Jesus vs. Santa". It had the same style as the "South Park" that can be seen today.

The voices in "South Park" are done by a small number of actors. Most of the male voices are done by Matt Stone and Trey Parker. The female voices are done by April Stewart and Mona Marshall (formerly Mary Kay Bergman and Eliza Schneider). Other voices are done by Adrien Beard (Tolkien black), and Vernon Chatman (Towelie).

Before the start of season four, the main characters of the series were four third grade students (often called "the boys" when as a group for easier reference).


Stan is usually considered the serious and sensitive of the group. Stan is able to think clearly and is generally good-natured. Stan usually tries to come up with logical solutions to their outrageous situations. Stan's character is loosely based on the persona (public personality) of co-creator Trey Parker. His best friend is Kyle and their relationship is essential in several episodes, such as when he saves Kyle's life in "Cherokee Hair Tampons", "Cartmanland" and "Super Best Friends".


Kyle is the most easy-going character and the only Jewish one. Even though he is not particularly religious, he hates Cartman because Cartman is always making insulting comments about his faith. Kyle's character portrays the alter-ego of co-creator Matt Stone. Along with Stan, Kyle often gives a reasonable look on the crazy behavior of the adult world around them. Kyle is often shown as the most moral member of the four.


Eric is the most irrational of the main characters. Eric is fat and seems to dislike everything except food. He is often the main reason for the plot of each episode. Cartman commonly acts against the other boys. Cartman often insults Kyle for being Jewish and Kenny for being poor. In the earlier episodes, he would also insult Stan for having a girlfriend. Cartman is extremely devious and seems to be intelligent. However, this is shadowed by his racism and bigotry. Cartman sometimes serves as a speaker for some of Parker and Stone's more extreme commentary about society (three times he has dressed as Adolf Hitler). Cartman hates hippies more than anything else. This is seen in the episode "Die Hippie, Die" which showed his career as a 'hippie exterminator'.


Kenny comes from a poor family. He is the most cosmopolitan of the four boys, who often turn to him when encountering an unfamiliar sexual term. Kenny's voice is muffled by his parka. This is mainly because the comments he makes are vulgar. Even though his dialog is not understood by the viewer, Stan, Kyle and Cartman can understand him completely clearly enough.


Butters makes very few appearances in early episodes. He only started to became a regular character upon Kenny's death in season 6. He has since been used almost as regularly as the main four boys. Butters is the character that the others usually make fun of. He is nervous, naive, easily manipulated, yet he remains very optimistic. He is often punished by his overbearing parents, and sometimes used by his peers for their own amusement. Butters always gets grounded. To further represent Butters' unluckiness, it is revealed in the episode "AWESOM-O" that his birthday is on September 11. Butters became important after he was the replacement for the semi-permanently dead Kenny in season 6. He also has an alter ego which he named "Professor Chaos". His character is based on animation director Eric Stough.


A female fourth grader, Stan's girlfriend and Bebe's best friend.

"South Park" has a number of different families, who represent a common theme of many episodes. There are five main families who are distinguished from the rest of the townsfolk: the Marshes (Stan's), the Broflovskis (Kyle's)(Jews), the Cartmans (Eric's), the McCormicks (Kenny's), and the Stotches (Butters'). These families are important because their children have been main characters.

Randy Marsh has become one of the most common adult characters on the show. His actions in a lot of episodes, such as "Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow" and "Bloody Mary", suggest that Randy is rather foolish. Stan also says that his father is stupid in the episodes "Child Abduction Is Not Funny" and "All About the Mormons?". Like most adults in South Park, he has a tendency to get caught up in any trend. Randy is one of South Park's two geologists along with Clyde's father.

Sharon Marsh is Stan and Shelly Marsh's mother, as well as Randy Marsh's wife.

Shelly Marsh is Randy Marsh and Sharon Marsh's daughter and Stan Marsh's older sister.

Sheila Broflovski is Kyle's mother.

Gerald is Kyle's father, and he works as a lawyer.

Peter Gints, also known as Ike Moisha Broflovski, is Kyle's little brother. He was adopted by Gerald and Shiela. He was born in Canada.

Kyle Tómas Schwartz is Kyle's stereotypically Jewish cousin from Connecticut.

Liane Cartman is Eric's mother.

Jack Tenorman is Eric and Scott Tenorman's father. He is murdered in Season 5.

Scott is Jack's son and Eric's arch-enemy.

Towelie is a talking towel who smokes marijuana. He has a collection of novelty stamps. He often reminds the boys to bring a towel. "Don't forget to bring a towel."


With the exception of the "South Park" games, China has banned the "South Park" episodes, movies and videos altogether.


Colon (anatomy)

The colon is a part of the large intestine. It is between the cecum and the rectum. The colon takes water from the feces that goes through it. The colon in mammals can be divided into four sections:

This part of the colon goes from the cecum (where the small intestine ends) up the right hand side of the abdomen.

This part of the colon goes across the from the ascending colon. It goes underneath the stomach and the pancreas and joins the descending colon near the spleen.

This part of the intestine is about 30 cm in length. It travels down the left side of the abdomen. It is possible to have medical problems with the descending colon including ulcers, cancer and Crohn's disease.

This is the small "S" shaped part of the colon, about 40 cm in length, which goes from the bottom of the descending colon into the centre of the pelvis to the rectum. It gets its name from the Greek letter "s", "sigma".


Battle of Ðiện Biên Phủ

The battle of Ðiện Biên Phủ was a 1954 battle between Vietnamese and French forces. Vietnam won, which made the French give up in the First Indochina War. The independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam was secured, and Vietnam was divided into into North Vietnam and South Vietnam.

With the launch of Operation Castor, French soldiers were dropped from the Red River Delta by air, deep into the northwestern hills of Vietnam, into Việt Minh territory. They established a well-fortified garrison at Ðiện Biên Phủ, alongside an airstrip to supply their troops. That was an attempt to lure the Vietnamese guerrilla fighters, commanded by General Võ Nguyên Giáp, into an all-out firefight to inflict devastating losses in which the French would use their heavy artillery and superior firepower. 

However, the Việt Minh did not take the bait but brought Chinese-funded heavy artillery into this difficult area, much to French surprise. The Việt Minh also used its superior numbers in human wave tactics to overwhelm the French. Next, the Việt Minh dug deep trenches and used its artillery to shoot down any French air planes, destroy the French airstrip, and bombard the French troops into submission. The French surrendered the in May 1954, after two months of fighting. The number of French soldiers at the garrison had increased from 12,000 to over 15,000. After years of fighting and this defeat, the French no longer wanted to continue fighting.

It was the first time an Asian colonial army defeated the army of a European power by military might. That was considered to be a surprise disaster for the French and a blow to the Western world. The French no longer wanted to maintain French Indochina and so they negotiated and later withdrew from Indochina. The Second Indochinese War later was fought between both Vietnams

French colonies in Africa also revolted, most famously during the Algerian War. By 1967, most of the French colonial empire had been gone.

August Revolution

The August Revolution also known as the Vietnamese Revolution happened in Vietnam in August 1945. It was an uprising for independence after the Japanese lost World War II in Asia .

It led to the Declaration of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam on September 2, 1945.

The independence war against the French would soon follow.

Dictator

The word dictator or despot in modern times is used to describe the absolute ruler (other than a king) of a country, who uses force and fear to keep himself and his friends in authority, and can effectively make laws all by himself. A country that is ruled by a dictator is called a "dictatorship". 

The word "dictator" is from the Roman Republic where a man would be given absolute power for half a year or one year to handle an emergency. Julius Caesar was the last Roman Dictator. 

Some dictators gained political power through violent takeover, such as a military coup, civil war or revolution. Some won an election and cancelled new ones once in power, or changed how they were run to make them unfair for opponents.
Kings and emperors often use force and fear too, but usually they are not called dictators. This is because those monarchs have some reason for being in power (usually their father was king or emperor), but a dictator gained power himself. Also, when someone is king or emperor of a country, usually there were several kings or emperors before them. A dictator often creates the job of dictator by gaining power. 

Mao Zedong, Joseph Stalin and Adolf Hitler were responsible for the most amount of deaths, but Pol Pot was perhaps the deadliest dictator in history, with nearly a quarter of the Cambodian population dying under his rule.

Enver Pasha

Adolf Hitler

Benito Mussolini

Miklós Horthy

Ion Antonescu

Ante Pavelić

Hideki Tōjō

Fumimaro Konoe

Juan Perón

Augusto Pinochet

Ruhollah Khomeini

Saddam Hussein

Leopoldo Galtieri

Slobodan Milošević

Vladimir Putin

Vladimir Lenin 

Joseph Stalin

Nikita Khrushchev

Leonid Brezhnev

Yuri Andropov

Konstantin Chernenko

Mikhail Gorbachev

Chiang Kai-shek

Mao Zedong

Deng Xiaoping 

Xi Jinping

Kim Il-Sung

Kim Jong-il

Kim Jong-un

Ho Chi Minh 

Pol Pot

Fidel Castro 

Raúl Castro

Rhee Syng-man

Ngo Dinh Diem

Erich Honecker

Nicolae Ceaușescu
Tito 

Wojciech Jaruzelski 

Todor Zhivkov

Napoleon for five years before he crowned himself Emperor

Comment: needs to be put in order.


Nigeria

Nigeria is a country in West Africa. It has a population of 216.7 million, more than any other country in Africa. Its capital is Abuja. Nigeria is a large country, with the largest population in Africa and is the most powerful in terms of Economy in Africa.

From the 1500s to the 1800s, many people from the land now called Nigeria (and other parts of West Africa) were taken away and turned into slaves by Europeans, and they were sent to work in the Americas. These slaves were bought and sold in the Americas by Europeans who lived there. Today, many people related to those slaves still live in America, though they are no longer slaves. They are called African Americans.

From 1901 to 1960, the United Kingdom ruled Nigeria. However, by 1960 the people wanted independence, and Britain finally let them have it. For some time after this, Nigeria was a dictatorship, where the leaders stayed in control even if the majority of people disliked them. At this time, the Nigerian Civil War was by separatist Christian Igbo people in the Southeast against the Nigerian government. They did not want to be a part of Nigeria, which was ruled by The Muslim north and mixed west. The war ended with a reunification of Nigeria.

In 1999, Nigeria became a democracy, where people choose their leaders. After that, Olusegun Obasanjo, a Yoruba Christian from the south, became President. In 2007, Umaru Yar'Adua, a Hausa Muslim, was elected to be the next President. Yar'Adua died in May, 2009. Goodluck Jonathan, the vice president, then became president.

Goodluck Jonathan was re-elected as the president after wining the 2011 general elections under the political party, PDP. 

He served as the country's president until 2015. 

In the early 21st century, there are several low-intensity armed conflicts. These include the insurgency by the Islamist group Boko Haram. The Boko Haram insurgency happens mostly in the northeast. This group wants Sharia law for the country. Another is the Nigerian bandit conflict, in which bandit gangs carry out attacks, mostly in the northwest. There is a separatist insurgency in the southeast.

Nigeria has a total area of . It is the world's 32nd-largest country. It shares a border with Benin (773 km), Niger (1497 km), Chad (87 km) and Cameroon (1690 km). It has a coastline of at least 853 km.

The highest point in Nigeria is Chappal Waddi at . The main rivers are the Niger and the Benue River. They come together and empty into the Niger Delta, one of the world's largest river deltas. It is the location of a large area of Central African mangroves.

These are the cities in Nigeria with over 1 million people as of 2012.
In Nigeria, there are two national anthems. The first one is called "Nigeria We Hail Thee". The second and current national anthem is called "Arise O' Compatriots. The first one was written by Lilian Jean William and composed by Frances Berda. The second one was written by 5 people and was composed by the Police band. Arise O' Compatriots was first heard during Nigeria's independence.

In Nigeria, there are almost equal numbers of Muslims and Christians. Most of the Christians live in the south, and most of the Muslims live in the north. Contrary to some beliefs, the Nigerian civil war was not only attributed to religious intolerance. The war which took place between 6 July 1967 – 15 January 1970, was a political conflict caused by the attempted secession of the southeastern provinces of Nigeria as the self-proclaimed Republic of Biafra. The conflict was the result of economic, ethnic, cultural and religious tensions among the various peoples of Nigeria.

Nigeria produces a large amount of oil, and some fighting has been going on because many people want a share of the oil profits. This fighting has been happening in the area called the Niger Delta, where the Niger River flows into the Atlantic Ocean. 

The largest city in Nigeria is Lagos. Nigeria has both grasslands and rainforests, and can get very hot, because it is close to the Equator. Petroleum and agriculture make up the Nigerian economy.

Nigerian cuisine, like West African cuisine in general, is known for its richness and variety. Many different spices, herbs and flavourings are used along with palm oil or groundnut oil. These make deeply flavoured sauces and soups often made very hot with chili peppers. Nigerian feasts are colourful and lavish. Good smelling market and roadside snacks cooked on barbecues or fried in oil are plentiful and varied.

Association football is Nigeria's national sport. The country has its own Premier League of football. Nigeria's Men's national football team, known as the Super Eagles, has made the World Cup five times. These were in 1994, 1998, 2002, 2010, 2014, 2018 and most recently in 2022. They won the African Cup of Nations in 1980, 1994 and 2013. They also hosted the Junior World Cup. They won the gold medal for football in the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Nigeria is also involved in other sports such as basketball, cricket, sprints and track and field. Boxing is also an important sport in Nigeria; Dick Tiger and Samuel Peter are both former World Champions.

Laxoox

Laxoox (pronounced 'la-hoh') in Somalia, or Canjeera is a flat bread, a kind of pancake served in Somaliland, Somalia, Yemen and parts of Djibouti. It is frequently seen in the kitchens of northern East Africa. 

Laxoox bread is very similar to "injera", made in Ethiopian and Eritrea, but is much thinner and smaller in size. However, laxoox is always made with wheat flour, while the injera is made from teff (which can be made with flour of other cereals). 

The bread is made with a mixture of sorghum flour, all-purpose flour, yeast (optional), warm water and a small portion of salt. The mixture is stirred by hand until it becomes creamy and smooth, and is left to ferment. If yeast is not being added, the batter is made in the afternoon and left to ferment overnight.

The laxoox is traditionally cooked in a circular metal plate called Daawa. Somalis living in exile, without access to a Daawa, use a normal pan instead. 

Traditionally, laxoox is served as a breakfast with tea and "subag" (ghee butter) or "saliid" "macraso" (sesame oil). Laxoox is also served with stir-fried liver, scrambled eggs, minced meat, beans, hummus, soup or camel milk. 

Khmer language

Khmer is the official language of Cambodia. It is spoken by the Khmer people, who live in Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam, and many other countries. Its script was the base for the Thai script, although Thai does not use subscript consonants. 

One thing that makes it particularly difficult for many foreigners to learn is that Khmer words are not separated in a sentence and the sounds are quite hard for foreigners to replicate. But still each word in the sentence can be distinguished. Also, there is not much material on Khmer, although this situation is changing.

The Khmer script is based on an ancient Indian alphabet. It is written from left to right. There are 35 consonants, some of which can be written under other consonants (2 consonants are not used anymore). Vowels are combined with the consonants to make a sound. For example, the ""t"" sound ត​ can be combined with the "-"ah"" sound ​ា to make the word តា ("tah", which means grandfather).

The Khmer writing script also has its own special way of writing numbers. The Khmer numerals are ០១២៣៤៥៦៧៨៩.

The language has a subject-verb-object order, just like English. 

Pronouns change based on who you are speaking to. For example, if you are not a monk and you are speaking to a monk, you would call him "ព្រះតេជព្រះគុណ".

ខ្ញុំមិនចង់បានទេ

"I don't want it"

អ្នកចង់ទៅលេងសៀមរាបទេ

"Do you want to go to Siem Reap?"

Democratic Republic of the Congo

The Democratic Republic of the Congo (), commonly referred to as DR Congo, Congo-Kinshasa or the DRC, is a country in central Africa. It was known as Zaïre from 1971 to 1997. It is the second largest country in Africa by area and the eleventh largest in the world. With a population of over 71 million, the Democratic Republic of the Congo is the nineteenth most populous nation in the world, the fourth most populous nation in Africa, as well as the most populous Francophone (French-speaking) country.

DRC borders the Central African Republic and South Sudan to the north; Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi in the east; Zambia and Angola to the south; the Republic of the Congo, the Angolan exclave of Cabinda, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. It is separated from Tanzania by Lake Tanganyika in the east. The country has access to the ocean through a stretch of Atlantic coastline at Muanda and the roughly 9 km wide mouth of the Congo River which opens into the Gulf of Guinea. It has the second-highest total Christian population in Africa.

When the Belgian Congo became independent, its leaders fought each other. The Soviet Union and later the United Nations helped destroy the groups who wanted independence from the new country.

The Second Congo War, beginning in 1998, devastated the country. It involved nine African nations and some twenty armed groups. Despite the signing of peace accords in 2003, fighting continues in the east of the country. There, the prevalence of rape and other sexual violence is described as the worst in the world. The war is the world's deadliest conflict since World War II, killing 5.4 million people since 1998. The vast majority died from conditions of malaria, diarrhea, pneumonia and malnutrition.

The Democratic Republic of the Congo was formerly, in chronological order, the Congo Free State, Belgian Congo, Congo-Léopoldville, Congo-Kinshasa, and Zaire ("Zaïre" in French). Though it is in the Central African United Nations subregion, the nation is also economically and regionally affiliated with Southern Africa as a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).

The country is bordered by Angola, the South Atlantic Ocean, the Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic, South Sudan, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania across Lake Tanganyika, and Zambia.

The capital of the DRC is Kinshasa.

World Heritage Sites in the Democratic Republic of Congo include Virunga National Park (1979), Garamba National Park (1980),
Kahuzi-Biega National Park (1980), Salonga National Park (1984) and Okapi Wildlife Reserve (1996).

The country is divided into twenty six provinces. The provinces are then divided into districts. The districts are divided into territories.

Spotted hyena

The spotted hyena ("Crocuta crocuta") is a species of hyena (or "hyaena" in British English). They are often called the laughing hyena. They are found almost everywhere in Sub-Saharan Africa. There are between 27,000 and 47,000 individuals, though their population is getting smaller in the wild. This is because of habitat loss and illegal hunting. They lived in Europe for at least a million years until the end of the Pleistocene.

The spotted hyena is the largest member of the Hyaenidae. They are the most social Carnivora animals, with various group sizes. Hyenas are pack hunters. Their behaviors are still not well understand. However, their social system is not cooperative but competitive. Females take care of their own cubs only, and males are not interested in helping females with their cubs. Females are larger than males and they can control them. The females are the only mammalian species not to have a vaginal opening.

The spotted hyena is a successful scavenger as well as hunter They can eat skin, bone and other animal waste. Spotted hyenas hunt with a family group of about two to five other hyenas. The family lives in large communities (called "clans") which may have up to 80 individuals.

They run around herds of animals and choose one to attack. After they have selected their prey, they chase them for a long time. They can run at speeds up to 60 km/h. Humans have known spotted hyenas for a long time. In the Upper Paleolithic, humans made paintings of hyenas in caves. Spotted hyenas have a negative reputation in Western culture and African folklore. In African folklore, spotted hyenas are described as ugly and scared animals. In Western culture, they are seen as greedy, stupid, foolish, powerful and a dangerous animal.



Aardwolf

The aardwolf ("Proteles cristata") is a small, insectivorous mammal, native to East Africa and Southern Africa. Its name means "earth wolf" in the Afrikaans / Dutch language. It is also called "maanhaar jackal" in Afrikaans, or "civet hyena", based on the secretions (civet) from their anal glands.

The aardwolf is in the same family as the hyenas. Unlike many of its relatives in the order Carnivora, the aardwolf does not hunt large animals, or even eat meat on a regular basis; instead it eats insects, mainly termites – one aardwolf can eat about 250,000 termites during a single night by using its long, sticky tongue to capture them.

The aardwolf lives in the scrublands of eastern and southern Africa – these are open lands covered with stunted trees and shrubs. The aardwolf is nocturnal, resting in burrows during the day and coming out at night to eat.

Anal gland scent-marking plays an important role in mating-season in both sexes as it is the primarily communication method.

Waterbury, Connecticut

Waterbury is a town in the state of Connecticut. More than one hundred thousand people live there.

Blue cheese

Blue cheese is a type of cheese with a fungus called "Penicillium" added to it. The mold makes patches or veins of it look blue. The cheese can be made from cow's milk, sheep's milk, or goat's milk. Types of it include Roquefort cheese, Stilton cheese, and Gorgonzola cheese. These names should only be used for cheeses that are made in certain areas and are protected by the European Union.

Blue cheese is commonly used in salad dressing, or Salad. It is not commonly used in sandwiches. 

Elektra

Elektra of Mycenae was the daughter of King Agamemnon of Mycenae and Klytaimnestra. She had a brother, Orestes, and two sisters, Iphigeneia and Chrysothemis.

After the Trojan War, Agamemnon was killed by Klytaimnestra and her lover Aegisthos because Agamemnon sacrificed Iphigeneia for good winds to sail. Elektra helped Orestes to kill their mother Klytaimnestra and her lover, to avenge their father's death.

Insulin

Insulin is a hormone made by the pancreas in the body that controls the glucose level in the blood.

Insulin promotes the absorption of sugar from the blood. The sugar is stored as fat cells. People who cannot make insulin in their bodies, or enough for their needs, have the disease diabetes.

When blood glucose levels fall below a certain level, the human body begins to use stored sugar as an energy source through glycogenolysis. This process breaks down the glycogen stored in the liver and muscles into glucose which can then be used as an energy source. Insulin is a central metabolic control mechanism. Insulin is also used as a control signal to other body systems (such as amino acid uptake by body cells). In addition, it has several other anabolic effects throughout the body.

Human insulin is a peptide hormone composed of 51 amino acids and has a molecular weight of 5808 Da. The islets of Langerhans in the pancreas produces insulin. The name comes from the Latin "insula" for "island". Insulin's structure varies slightly between species of animals. Porcine insulin is especially close to the human version. So, people with diabetes can take in insulin got from pigs instead of producing their own insulin.

Nicolae Paulescu, a Romanian professor of physiology was the first to isolate insulin. He did that in 1916. He called it pancrein. He isolated it by developing a pancreatic extract which, when injected into a diabetic dog, proved to have a normalizing effect on blood sugar levels. He had to interrupt his experiments because of World War I. In early 1921 he wrote four papers about his work carried out in Bucharest and his tests on a diabetic dog. Later that year, he published an extensive paper on the effect of the pancreatic extract injected into a diabetic animal. The title was: "Research on the Role of the Pancreas in Food Assimilation", published 22 June 1921 by the "Archives Internationales de Physiologie",

Frederick Banting did similar experiments while trying to find a cure for diabetes. In these experiments he also used dogs. He first knew insulin would control diabetes in a person when he injected some insulin into a 14-year-old boy named Leonard Thompson, who was dying of diabetes. After the injection he survived. Banting won the 1923 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with John Macleod, for the discovery of insulin.

The first genetically engineered, synthetic "human" insulin was produced in a laboratory in 1977 by Herbert Boyer using E. coli.


Dragon Ball Z

"Dragon Ball Z" continues the adventures of Son Goku, who, along with his companions, defends the Earth against villains ranging from aliens (Vegeta, Frieza), androids (Cell) and magical creatures (Majin Buu). While the original "Dragon Ball" anime followed Goku from childhood to early adulthood, "Dragon Ball Z" is a continuation of his adult life, but at the same time parallels the life of his son, Gohan, as well as the development of his rivals, Piccolo and Vegeta.

Due to the success of the anime in the United States, the manga chapters making up its story were initially released by Viz Media under the "Dragon Ball Z" title.

"Dragon Ball Z" is adapted from the final 324 chapters of the manga series which were published in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" from 1988 to 1995. It premiered in Japan on Fuji Television on April 26, 1989, taking over its predecessor's time slot, and ran for 291 episodes until its conclusion on January 31, 1996.

Throughout the production, the voice actors were tasked with playing different characters and performing their lines on cue, switching between roles as necessary.

The voice actors were unable to record the lines separately because of the close dialogue timing. When asked if juggling the different voices of Goku, Gohan and Goten were difficult, Masako Nozawa said that it was not and that she was able to switch roles simply upon seeing the character's picture. She did admit that when they were producing two films a year and television specials in addition to the regular series, there were times when they had only line art to look at while recording, which made giving finer nuanced details in her performance difficult.

In 1996, Funimation Productions licensed "Dragon Ball Z" for an English-language release in North America, after canceling their initial dub of "Dragon Ball" half-way through their originally-planned 26-episode first season. They worked with Saban Entertainment to syndicate the series on television, and Pioneer Entertainment to handle home video distribution. Pioneer also ceased its home video release of the series at volume 17 (the end of the dub) and retained the rights to produce an uncut subtitled version, but did not do so. They did, however, release uncut dubs of the first three "Z" movies on home video.

In 2005, Funimation began to re-dub episodes 1-67 with their in-house voice cast, including content originally cut from their dub with Saban. This dub's background score was composed by Nathan M. Johnson (Funimation had ceased working with Faulconer Productions after the final episode of "Dragon Ball Z" in 2003). Funimation's new uncut dub of these episodes aired on Cartoon Network as part of its Monday-Thursday late night time slot, beginning in June 2005. Funimation's later remastered DVDs of the series saw them redub portions of the dialogue, mostly after episode 67, and had the option to play the entire series' dub with both the American and Japanese background music.

In January 2011, Funimation and Toei announced that they would stream "Dragon Ball Z" within 30 minutes before their simulcast of "One Piece". As of 2017, "Dragon Ball Z" is no longer being streamed on Hulu.

The Funimation dubbed episodes also aired in Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia, and New Zealand. However, beginning with episode 108 (123 uncut), Westwood Media (in association with Ocean Studios) produced an alternate English dub, distributed to Europe by AB Groupe. The alternate dub was created for broadcast in the UK, the Netherlands and Ireland, although it also aired in Canada beginning from episode 168 (183 uncut) to fulfill Canadian content requirements. Funimation's in-house dub continued to air in the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand. The Westwood Media production used the same voice cast from the original 53-episode dub produced by Funimation, it featured an alternate soundtrack by Tom Keenlyside and John Mitchell, though most of this score was pieces Ocean reused from other productions Keenlyside and Mitchell had scored for them, and it used the same scripts and video master as the TV edit of Funimation's in-house dub. The Westwood Media dub never received a home video release. In Australia, "Dragon Ball Z" was broadcast by the free-to-air commercial network, Network Ten during morning children's programming, Cheez TV, originally using the censored Funimation/Saban dub before switching to Funimation's in-house dub.
"Dragon Ball Z" originally aired on the British Comedy Network in Fall 1998. "The Independent" (London), March 5, 2000.

"Dragon Ball Z"s original North American release was the subject of heavy editing which resulted in a large amount of removed content and alterations that greatly changed the original work. Funimation CEO Gen Fukunaga is often criticized for his role in the editing; but it was the initial distributor Saban which required such changes or they would not air the work, as was the case with the episode dealing with orphans.

Steven Simmons, who did the subtitling for Funimation's home video releases, offered commentary on the subtitling from a project and technical standpoint, addressing several concerns. The typographical errors in the script were caused by dashes (—) and double-quotes (") failing to appear, which resulted in confusing dialogue.

Shunsuke Kikuchi composed the score for "Dragon Ball Z". The opening theme for the first 199 episodes is "Cha-La Head-Cha-La" performed by Hironobu Kageyama. The second opening theme used up until the series finale at episode 291 is "We Gotta Power" also performed by Kageyama. The ending theme used for the first 199 episodes is performed by MANNA.

In Japan, "Dragon Ball Z" did not receive a home video release until 2003, seven years after its broadcast. This was a remastering of the series in two 26-disc DVD box sets, that were made-to-order only, released on March 19 and September 18 and referred to as "Dragon Boxes." The content of these sets began being released on mass-produced individual 6-episode DVDs on November 2, 2005, and finished with the 49th volume released on February 7, 2007.

The international home release structure of "Dragon Ball Z" is complicated by the licensing and release of the companies involved in producing and distributing the work. Releases of the media occurred on both VHS and DVD with separate edited and uncut versions being released simultaneously. Both versions of the edited and uncut material are treated as different entries and would frequently make "Billboard" rankings as separate entries. Home release sales were featured prominently on the Nielsen VideoScan charts. Further complicating the release of the material was Funimation itself; which was known to release "DVDs out of sequence in order to get them out as fast as possible"; as in the case of their third season. Pioneer Entertainment distributed the Funimation/Saban edited-only dub of 53 episodes on seventeen VHS between 1997 and 1999, and seventeen DVDs throughout 1999. Two box sets separating them into the Saiyan and Namek arcs were also released on VHS in 1999, and on DVD in 2001. Funimation's own distribution of their initial onward dub, which began with episode 54, in edited or uncut VHS ran between 1999 and 2006. A DVD version was produced alongside these, although they were only produced uncut and contained the option to watch the original Japanese with subtitles.

In 2005, Funimation began releasing their onward dub of the beginning of "Dragon Ball Z" on DVD, marking the first time the episodes were seen uncut in North America. However, only nine volumes were released, leaving it incomplete. Instead, Funimation remastered and cropped the entire series into 16:9 widescreen format and began re-releasing it to DVD in nine individual "season" box sets; the first set released on February 6, 2007 and the final on May 19, 2009. In July 2009, Funimation announced that they would be releasing the Japanese frame-by-frame "Dragon Box" restoration of "Dragon Ball Z" in North America. These seven limited edition collector's DVD box sets were released uncut in the show's original 4:3 fullscreen format between November 10, 2009 and October 11, 2011.

In March 2019, Funimation announced plans to release a 30th anniversary Blu-ray release of "Dragon Ball Z", with the box set being remastered in 4:3 aspect ratio, and containing an art book and a collectible figure. It would be crowdfunded, originally requiring a minimum of 2500 pre-orders in order to be manufactured, but was later increased to a minimum of 3,000 units. The release sparked controversy amongst fans due to the framing of the video, color saturation, and digital video noise reduction. Funimation responded by stating that they cropped the release by going in "scene-by-scene to make judgments based on the image available in each frame of how much to trim to get to a consistent 4:3 aspect ratio, while still attempting to cut a little out of the picture as possible," and that they felt the digital video noise reduction was "mandatory for this release based on the different levels of fan support from various past DBZ releases with different levels of noise reduction over the years.

The "Dragon Ball Z" films comprise a total of 15 entries as of 2015. The first 13 films were typically released every March and July during the series' original run in accordance with the spring and summer vacations of Japanese schools. They were typically double features paired up with other anime films, and were thus, usually an hour or less in length. These films themselves offer contradictions in both chronology and design that make them incompatible with a single continuity. All 15 films were licensed in North America by Funimation, and all have received in-house dubs by the company. Prior to Funimation, the third film was a part of the short-lived Saban syndication, being split into three episodes, and the first three films received uncut English dubs in 1998 produced by Funimation with Ocean Studios and released by Pioneer. Several of the films have been broadcast on Cartoon Network and Nicktoons in the United States, Toonami UK in the United Kingdom (these featured an alternate English dub produced by an unknown cast by AB Groupe), and Cartoon Network in Australia.

Three TV specials based on "Dragon Ball Z" were produced and broadcast on Fuji TV. The first two were "" in 1990 and "" in 1993, the latter being based on a special chapter of the original manga. Both were licensed by Funimation in North America and AB Groupe in Europe. In 2013, a two-part hour-long crossover with "One Piece" and "Toriko", titled "Dream 9 Toriko & One Piece & Dragon Ball Z Chō Collaboration Special!!", was created and aired.

Additionally, two original video animations (OVAs) bearing the "Dragon Ball Z" title have been made. The first is "", which was originally released in 1993 in two parts as "Official Visual Guides" for the video game of the same title. "" was a 2010 remake of this OVA. None of the OVAs have been dubbed into English, and the only one to see a release in North America is the 2010 remake, which was subtitled and included as a bonus feature in "".

There are over 57 video games bearing the "Dragon Ball Z" name across a range of platforms from the Nintendo Entertainment System/Famicom to the current generation consoles. Also included are arcade games like "Super Dragon Ball Z", which would eventually be ported to consoles.

In North America, licensing rights had been given to both Namco Bandai and Atari. In 1999, Atari acquired exclusive rights to the video games through Funimation, a deal which was extended for five more years in 2005. A 2007 dispute would end with Atari paying Funimation $3.5 million. In July 2009, Namco Bandai was reported to have obtained exclusive rights to release the games for a period of five years. This presumably would have taken effect after Atari's licensing rights expired at the end of January 2010.

"Dragon Ball Z" has been host to numerous soundtrack releases with works like "Cha-La Head-Cha-La" and a series of 21 soundtracks released as part of the "Dragon Ball Z Hit Song Collection Series". In total, dozens of releases exist for "Dragon Ball Z" which includes Japanese and foreign adapted releases of the anime themes and video game soundtracks.

In Asia, the "Dragon Ball Z" franchise, including the anime and merchandising, earned a profit of $3billion by 1999. In the United States, the series sold over 25million DVDs as of January 2012. Dragon Ball fans set a Guinness World Record for Largest Kamehameha attack move at San Diego Comic con on July 17, 2019.

"Dragon Ball Z" was listed as the 78th best animated show in IGN's "Top 100 Animated Series", and was also listed as the 50th greatest animated show in "Wizard" magazine's "Top 100 Greatest Animated shows" list. The series ranked #6 on "Wizard's Anime" Magazine on their "Top 50 Anime released in North America".

"Dragon Ball Z"s popularity is reflected through a variety of data through online interactions which show the popularity of the media. In 2001, it was reported that the official website of "Dragon Ball Z" recorded 4.7 million hits per day and included 500,000+ registered fans. The term "Dragonball Z" ranked 4th in 1999 and 2nd in 2000 by Lycos' web search engine. For 2001, "Dragonball" was the most popular search on Lycos and "Dragonball Z" was fifth on Yahoo!.

In 2005, media historian Hal Erickson wrote that ""Dragon Ball" may be the closest thing on American television to an animated soap opera — though this particular genre is an old, established and venerated one in Japan, the series' country of origin.

"Dragon Ball Z" merchandise was a success prior to its peak American interest, with more than $3 billion in sales from 1996 to 2000. In 1996, "Dragon Ball Z" grossed $2.95billion in merchandise sales worldwide. As of January 2012, "Dragon Ball Z" grossed $5billion in merchandise sales worldwide.

In 1998, Animage-ine Entertainment, a division of Simitar, announced the sale of Chroma-Cels, mock animation cels to capitalize on the popularity of "Dragon Ball Z". The original sale was forecasted for late 1998, but were pushed back to January 12, 1999.

In December 2002, Jakks Pacific signed a three-year deal for licensing "Dragon Ball Z" toys, which was possible because of the bankruptcy of Irwin Toy. Jakks Pacific's "Dragon Ball Z" 5-inch figures were cited as impressive for their painting and articulation.

In 2010, Toei closed deals in Central and South American countries which included Algazarra, Richtex, Pil Andina, DTM, Doobalo and Bondy Fiesta. In 2012, Brazil's Abr-Art Bag Rio Comercio Importacao e Exportacao closed a deal with Toei.


Nerve impulse

A nerve impulse are the series of electrical signals that is generated in the neurons (nerve cells) in a response to stimulus.

When a neuron is not conduction or is in resting state the axonal membrane is more permeable to K ions and impermeable to Na ions. The sodium potassium pump actively pumps out 3Na ions to the extracellular fluid and takes in 2K ions into the cell. Due to the imbalance in charge, a potential difference is developed across the axonal membrane, also known as the resting potential (-70mV). The outer side of the membrane will have a positive charge while the inner side will have a negative charge.
When a stimulus (chemical, mechanical or electrical) is applied to the membrane the sodium potassium pump stops working. The Na ions will rush inside the cell followed by the reversal of polarity of the axonal membrane. Its also called depolarisation of the nerve fibre. The electric potential difference at the site of stimulus is called the action potential (+40mV).

As a result, the current will flow from depolarised part of nerve fibre to polarised part of the nerve fibre in the axoplasm, while current flows in opposite direction on the cell surface. Thus in this way a new action potential is generated up ahead in the nerve fibre. The time taken by the axonal membrane to get polarised again is called the refractory period (1ms). After the refractory period the sodium potassium pump will operate again and the membrane will return to resting state again.

Faster electrical synapses are used in escape reflexes, the retina of vertebrates, and the heart. They are faster because they do not need the slow diffusion of neurotransmitters across the synaptic gap. Therefore, electrical synapses are used whenever fast response and coordination of timing are crucial.

These synapses connect the presynaptic and postsynaptic cells directly together. When an action potential reaches such a synapse, the ionic currents cross the two cell membranes and enter the postsynaptic cell through pores known as connexons. Thus, presynaptic action potential directly stimulates the postsynaptic cell.


Elektra (disambiguation)

Elektra (or Electra) can mean:


The myth was the subject of at least two Greek tragedies:

The original creator of this kind of tragedy was Aeschylus with his "Oresteia" trilogy, 485 BC.


Hare

A hare ("Lepus") is a mammal of the order Lagomorpha, in the same family as the rabbit. They are larger than rabbits and have black tipped ears. Their diet (the food they eat) resembles what rabbits eat; they eat ruttabaga and lettuce. They graze on grass and leafy weeds.

Hares are very fast-running animals. The European brown hare ("Lepus europaeus") runs at speeds up to . The five species of jackrabbit found in central and western North America can run at , and can leap up to 3m (ten feet) at a time. They live solitarily or in pairs; a "drove" is the name for a group of hares.

Normally a shy animal, they change their behaviour in spring, when hares chase one another around meadows. This may be competition between males to attain dominance (and hence more access to breeding females). During this spring frenzy, hares can be seen "boxing"; one hare striking another with its paws (probably the origin of the term "mad as a March hare"). For a long time, this was thought to be intermale competition, but closer observation has shown it is usually a female hitting a male to prevent copulation. When a doe is ready to mate, she runs across the countryside, starting a chase that tests the stamina of the following males. When only the fittest male remains, the female stops and allows him to copulate.

This is a species of hare found in cold climates in North America. As with the Arctic fox, its hair is white in winter, and brown in the summer. These are different morphs. This ability gives it camouflage, which it needs because it is the favourite food of the Canadian lynx.

ESSEC Business School

The ESSEC is an important school teaching business to adults in France. It was created in 1907 in Paris, but it has moved to Cergy-Pontoise, a city west of Paris, in 1973. 

In 2006, ESSEC set up a campus in Singapore, Asia. Twice a year, about 50 ESSEC students go and study there.

ESSEC is now one of the most famous Business Schools and Grandes Écoles in France. ESSEC is frequently ranked second nationally.


National symbols

National symbols are patriotic symbols representing nations and countries. Similar symbols are used for cultural or ethnic groups that do not have their own country yet. 

National symbols try to unite people or send a message by representing the national people, values, goals, or history. People often honor their nation, country, or group by celebrating their national symbol.




Computer bus

A computer bus (often simply called bus) is part of most computers. Its role is to transfer data, signals, or power between some of the components that make up a computer. 

The "size" or "width" of a bus is how many bits it carries in parallel. Common bus sizes are: 4 bits, 8 bits, 12 bits, 16 bits, 24 bits, 32 bits, 64 bits, 80 bits, 96 bits, and 128 bits. Computers use such buses to link:

Drives are usually connected by Serial ATA or the earlier ATAPI bus. USB and Firewire connections go to printers and other peripheral devices.

Diego Ramírez Islands

The Diego Ramírez Islands are a group of islands. They are in the Drake Passage, about 100 km southwest of Cape Horn. The Ildefonso Islands are 93 km to the north-northwest. There is a group of 6 islands to the north, then there is a waterway of 3 km, then there is another group to the south. There is a weather station in one of the islands. The islands are an important nesting place for birds.

The islands belong to Chile, and are named after Diego Ramírez. They were first sighted on 12 February 1619 by Marco Ramirez of the Garcia de Nodal expedition, and named after the cosmographer of the expedition. They were the southernmost landmass known at the time. They kept this status for 156 years. In 1775, James Cook discovered the South Sandwich Islands, which are much farther south.

The Chilean Navy built a meteorological station above "Caleta Condell", a small cove on the northeast side of "Isla Gonzalo" (Gonzalo Island), in 1957, and resupply it several times each year. This is the southernmost manned outpost of South America (including islands), even if the South Sandwich Islands are regarded as part of South America. The Argentinian station on Thule Island was taken down in June 1982 after the Falklands War. The next southerly manned outpost of South America is the lighthouse of Cape Horn. Cruise ships sometimes pass by on their way to and from Antarctica.

The archipelago has 2 groups. The North group is smaller and is named as "Rocas del Norte". There are 5 islands in this group, "Islote Cabezas", "Islote Peñailillo", "Isla Norte", "Islote Martínez" and "Islote Mendoza". In the South group are many islands, for example; "Islote Santander", "Islotes Vergara", "Isla Bartolomé" (the principal island), "Islote Pontevedra", "Islote García", "Isla Gonzalo" (the second longest) and "Islote Ester".

All the islands have moss on the ground, and they have a cold climate all year, with much rain every month. Because of how far south they are, there is a strong wind from the west.

Performing music from memory

Performing music from memory means knowing a piece of music well enough to be able to play or sing it without the written music. 

Although some people can learn music by ear, most people who are taught to play musical instruments learn new pieces by reading the printed music which is in front of them on a music stand. When someone has learned to play a piece of music well enough to perform it, it is good if they can learn to play it without the printed music. This is called “playing from memory” or “playing by heart”. When a musician is practising a piece of music so that it can be played from memory this is called memorizing the music.

Most Classical musicians will agree that it is good to play from memory when performing as a soloist. It means that the player understands the music really well, and he is able to concentrate completely on the way he plays the music (the interpretation). In some music competitions the competitors are expected to play from memory. A pianist playing a recital will usually play everything from memory. It is particularly important for singers who are performing songs (Lieder) to sing without music because they can then communicate directly with the audience using the expression on their faces. Some conductors conduct from memory. If they do, they ought to know every single note for every single instrument from memory. There are some conductors who have such amazing memories that they can do this.

Some people find it easier to memorize music than others. There are different ways of practising to help memorize music: by memorizing a few bars at a time, by studying the printed music away from the instrument, or by “thinking” through the piece away from the instrument.

Some people have a “photographic memory” and can see in their mind the music as printed on the paper. Some people rely on aural memory (hearing it in one’s imagination). There is also muscular memory (the fingers "knowing" what to do). Probably most people use some combination of all these methods.

When people perform from memory they are often worried that they might have a memory lapse (forget how the music goes). It can happen, of course, even to the greatest musicians. The famous violinist Bronislaw Huberman and the pianist Eugen d’Albert were once performing Beethoven’s "Kreutzer Sonata". Both were playing from memory. One of them kept going wrong in the same place, playing something that had happened earlier, so that they played the middle bit three times before eventually managing to finish the piece. However, this is quite common, and can happen to anyone. 

People who learn musical instruments should try to memorize some of their pieces. Many famous musicians have a large repertoire (a collection) of pieces that they can play from memory.

"Pianoforte Diplomas" by Geoffrey Tankard (Sevenoaks 1973)

Grave

A grave, or burial spot is where somebody or something is buried after they have died. Graves are usually placed in a graveyard, with a headstone used to identify the dead person. A funeral will occur if the family has enough money. If they do not, there will not be a proper funeral. The name on the grave is of the dead person. For example, William Shakespeare was buried in England.

Polyrhythm

Polyrhythm happens when two different rhythms are played at the same time in music. African, Latin, and Afro-Cuban music often use polyrhythms.
Polyrythm is another word for layering and adding volumes to the piece of music. It happens when one person starts playing a rhythm and then other people start joining in, adding dynamics to it. It happens in Africa during festivals and occasions along with a call and response style of playing.

Theme Hospital

Theme Hospital is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog and EA Games. It was published in 1997. The game is quite humorous. 

In the game, the player must build and operate a hospital. There are different rooms you can build. These are to diagnose the patient and to treat the illness.

Some illnesses are quite unusual. One is the bloaty head disease where the patient's head blows up. Another is the slack tongue disease, where the patient has an unusually long tongue.


Pontin's

Pontin's is a holiday company which was founded by Fred Pontin in 1946. It is now owned by Trevor Hemmings and has eight centres in England and Wales.


Twin prime conjecture

The twin prime conjecture is a mathematical theory. It says that it is possible to find two twin primes that are as big as wanted.

Twin primes are prime numbers that differ by two. For example, 3 and 5 are both prime and differ by two. They are twin primes. 23 is prime, but it is not a twin prime. The primes nearest to 23 are 19 and 29. Twin primes were discovered by Euclid in 300 B.C.

Since Euclid's time mathematicians have wondered whether there are an infinite number of twin primes. Many mathematicians are still trying to find the answer.

Mud

Mud is soil, silt, loam or clay, mixed with water. It is a type of soil that is also called "clay soil". Others include the sandy soil, or sand, and garden soil. Wet mud has a soft wet texture. 

Young children sometimes play in puddles of mud. Mud is usually brown. 
Some animals including worms, frogs, snails, clams, and crayfish live in mud. Pigs and elephants use it to cool themselves in hot weather. Some people enjoy making mud pies out of mud. 

Great river systems like the Amazon bring down to the delta immense amounts of mud which ends up in the sea outside the fan of the river mouth. Mudrock is what the mud may become millions of years later. Mudrocks make up fifty percent of the sedimentary rocks in the geologic record, and are easily "the most widespread deposits on Earth".


The Zutons

The Zutons are a rock band from Liverpool, England. They formed in 2001. They are on the Deltasonic record label. The band were nominated for the British Breakthrough Act award at the 2005 BRIT Awards.

The band has 5 people in it:

Their first album, "Who Killed... The Zutons?", was released on 18 October 2004, and got to number 9 in the United Kingdom album chart. It came with a printed 3-D cover, and special glasses to view the cover. Many fans wore the glasses to concerts. The album was a nominee for the 2004 Mercury Music Prize.

The new album Tired of Hanging Around was released on April 17, 2006 and reached 2 in the UK album charts. The band went around the UK doing concerts in May 2006 following the release of this album. Their second UK tour will begin in November 2006.

Dwarf planet

Dwarf planet is the name used to classify some objects in the solar system. This definition was made on August 24, 2006 by the International Astronomical Union (IAU), and can be described as; "a dwarf planet is a body orbiting the Sun that is big enough to round itself by its own gravity, but has not cleared its orbital path of other rival bodies". At the same meeting the IAU also defined the term planet for the first time. Some astronomers think that the term "dwarf planet" is too confusing and needs to be changed.

The nine dwarf planets, in order from their distance from the Sun are:

The dwarf planets, unlike the terrestrial and gas giant planets, are in more than one region of the solar system. Ceres is in the asteroid belt. The high orbital eccentricity of Pluto puts it mostly outside Neptune's orbit, but partly inside. The others are in the trans-Neptune region.

NASA's "Dawn" and "New Horizons" missions reached Ceres and Pluto, respectively, in 2015. "Dawn" had already orbited and observed Vesta in 2011.

There are many other dwarf planets in the solar system. Most of them are also Kuiper belt objects.



Blue peafowl

The blue peafowl or Indian peafowl ("Pavo cristatus") is a bird native to the Indian subcontinent.

<br>

Green peafowl

The green peafowl ("Pavo muticus") is an endangered bird that is native to Southeast Asia.

<br>

Virtual Boy

The Nintendo Virtual Boy was a mostly portable (easily moved) game console which had two screens that showed only red and black graphics. To use the system, one had to put one's face close to the system so that each eye could see only one screen. By showing each eye a different image, the system could create a 3D effect.

The way the system displayed images was not by LCDs, as some would think. At the time, LCDs could not be used because they had two problems when they were first tested on the console: they would blur if anything moved on the screen, and users would see double instead of depth. Instead, a vertical line of 224 very bright, but very small, LEDs was used for each eye. These LEDs flashed on and off very fast in certain patterns. This line of LEDs was then magnified by a lens, and a vibrating mirror would reflect each line at a certain time into each eye, creating a full image due to the human eye's persistence of vision. Unfortunately, due to the quick flashing of the LEDs, many users felt sick, became dizzy, or had headaches after playing for a long time. To help this, an "automatic pause" feature was added, which stopped the game play every 30 minutes for the player to rest his or her eyes.

The Virtual Boy was first sold in 1995, but was not popular. Consumers did not like the console's high price, monochrome graphics, eye and neck strain, and need for a stand for the system to rest on. Many were saving money for the soon-to-be-sold Nintendo 64. Nintendo lowered the price many times, but the system did not sell well and was discontinued (Nintendo stopped making them) in 1996. Only 22 games were released in Japan and North America. The Virtual Boy sold 770,000 units.

Popular games for the system include "Mario Tennis" and "Virtual Boy Wario Land" (known as "Wario Cruise" in Japan). A full list of games for the system can be found here.

Duke University

Duke University is a private university in Durham, North Carolina. It was founded in 1838. The school was formed by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity. The school moved to Durham in 1892.

It has advanced research. Some famous people including former President of the United States, Richard Nixon went to the school. In its 2012 edition, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked the university's undergraduate program 10th among national universities.

Duke has good libraries, such as Bostock Library. It also has a famous medical school and law school. The school's colours are blue and white and its president is Richard Brodhead.

Duke University owns 220 buildings on of land. This includes the Duke Forest.

Duke University has own press, the "Duke University Press".

Duke has 26 varsity sports teams, known as the Blue Devils. Duke's athletic programs are considered among the very best in the NCAA. Duke's teams play in the Atlantic Coast Conference.

Its Men's Basketball Team under coach Mike Krzyzewski has won the NCAA Tournament four times, and bought out the 2015 title as well. In football The Blue Devils have won seven ACC Football Championships. They have had ten players honored as ACC Player of the Year (the most in the ACC), Duke's teams play in the Atlantic Coast Conference.

Existentialism

Existentialism is a way of thinking that focuses on what it means for people to exist. It is a philosophical movement. It became well known in books and movies of the 19th and 20th centuries. Existentialism is known for dealing with nihilistic problems, but is generally still a kind of . It says that humans have will and consciousness, but they live in a world that does not. The premise that people must make choices about their life while knowing they are mortal is what existentialism is all about.

It was started by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard (18131855).
Kierkegaard was a very religious man, but existentialism in the 20th century became more and more atheistic. Most of its main thinkers and writers were in mainland Europe. For example, Jean-Paul Sartre spent most of the Second World War in a German prison camp, reading the philosophy of Martin Heidegger. When he came out he gave a lecture called "Existentialism and Humanism". This early lecture may be easier to read than his later work.

Many religions and philosophies (ways of thinking about the world) say that human life has a meaning (or a purpose). But people who believe in existentialism think that the world and human life have "no meaning unless people give them meaning": ‘existence precedes [is before] essence’. This means that we find ourselves existing in the world, and then we give ourselves meaning, or 'essence'. As Sartre said, "We are condemned to be free". This means that we have no choice but to choose, and that we have full responsibility for our choices. Another way to put it is that we are always making choices even if we don't realize it.

Existentialists believe that our human 'essence' or 'nature' (way of being in the world) is simply our 'existence' (being in the world). More simply put, the 'essence' of a human, or what makes a human a 'human', is not due to nature or uncontrollable circumstances; rather, human essence is really just what we choose to make it. This means that the only nature we as humans have is the nature we make for ourselves. As a result of this, existentialists think that the actions or choices that a person makes are very important. They believe that every person has to decide for themselves what is right and wrong, and what is good and bad.

People who believe in existentialism ask questions like ’what is it like to be a human (a person) in the world?’ and ’how can we understand human freedom (what it means for a person to be free)?’ Existentialism is often connected with negative emotions, such as anxiety (worrying), dread (a very strong fear), and mortality (awareness of our own death). Some existentialists, like Sartre and Heidegger, think that thinking about these emotions helps people to choose the way that they want to live their lives.

Existentialism is sometimes confused with nihilism. It is different from nihilism, but there is a similarity. Nihilists believe that human life "does not" have a meaning (or a purpose) at all; existentialism says that people must choose their own purpose.

Many of the main sources for existentialism were written in other languages and only later translated, mostly after the 1950s.

Ingmar Bergman made a movie called "The Seventh Seal" in 1957. It shows the doom and gloom of the late Middle Ages caused by the Black Plague, famine, the Hundred Years' War between France and England, and papal schism.

The movie "Taxi Driver" (which has the actor Robert De Niro) from 1976 has existential ideas in it. The main character feels sad and lonely, because he cannot understand the world.
Jean-Luc Godard's "Vivre sa vie (film)" and Federico Fellini's 8 1/2 are prime examples of the Existentialism fashion in the European early 50's that influenced American films such as Easy Rider or The Graduate in the 1960s.

 

King of the Hill

King of the Hill was an American animated cartoon that ran from 1997 to 2010 on FOX. It featured a husband, a wife, a son, and their live-in niece. FOX, the network running the series, would not be showing new episodes anymore after its 13th and final season. The final four episodes aired in May 2010.



Hairdresser

A hairdresser's job is to organise hair into a particular style or "look". They can cut hair, add colour to it or texture it. A hairdresser may be female or male. Qualified staff are usually called "stylists", who are supported by assistants. Most hairdressing businesses are unisex, that is, they serve both sexes, and have both sexes on their staff.

Male hairdressers who simply cut men's hair (and do not serve females) are often called barbers.

Qualifications for hairdressing usually mean a college course, or an apprenticeship under a senior stylist. Some aspects of the job are quite technical (such as hair dying) and require careful teaching.

Eppie Lederer

Esther "Eppie" Pauline Friedman Lederer, better known as Ann Landers (July 4, 1918 – June 22, 2002), was an American writer. She is best known for writing the famous advice column "Ann Landers." For almost 45 years, it was a part of many newspapers across North America. In it, people wrote for advice and she answered.

Lederer and her twin sister Pauline Esther Friedman Phillips, writer of the advice column "Dear Abby", were daughters of Russian Jewish emigrants.

Northern bluefin tuna

Northern bluefin tuna are the largest kind of tuna fish. They live for 11 to 26 years. It is one of the largest, fastest, and most colorful of all the world’s fishes.

Their name comes from the Latin: "Thunnus Thynnus"

The normal size is 6.6 ft (2 m) at about 1,100 lb (500 kg). The I.G.F.A. record for a bluefin caught on rod and reel is 1,496 lb.

Bluefins feed on mackerel, herring, mullet, whiting, squid, eels, and crustaceans. They are very powerful and fast and can swim at speeds up to 50 mph.

The following are percentages of tuna caught in different regions in the world.


Automaton

An Automaton (one automaton, several "automata") is a concept from mathematics. Sometimes the concept is called "state machine". It is like an abstract machine. 

Such a machine can be given "input", which is either rejected, or accepted. It's like a vending machine. When something is bought, coins (or money) needs to be inserted into the machine. If these are the right coins, they are accepted, and the requested item is dropped so it can be removed. If the coins are wrong, they are rejected.

Internally, the automaton has different "states" it can be in. Feeding it input may (or may not) change its state. That way, the automaton goes through all the input, consuming one item (which mathematicians call a symbol) at a time. When no symbol is left, the automaton is in a certain state. This may be an "final state". In this case the input is accepted. Otherwise, the input is rejected.

If the machine has a countable, finite number of states, it is called "finite state machine". A diagram that shows all the states, and transitions of such a machine is called finite state diagram.

Like in real life, there are machines that are too complex to understand. The mathematician and computer scientists therefore ask themselves if a certain automaton is "minimal". If it is not minimal, there must be another automaton with fewer states that can do the same thing. An example of an automaton is the Turing machine.

Vending machine

A vending machine is an automatic machine that sells food or drink or other items. 

An automated teller machine is a kind of vending machine, as are arcade games and bulk vending machines for toys or prizes, or anything that sells a physical item, service, or fun in exchange for money. Vending machine foods include snacks such as potato chips, chocolate bars, and candy. Hot vending machine drinks include coffee, tea, and hot chocolate. Cold vending machine drinks include juice, bottled water, and soft drinks. Other merchandise includes newspapers or cigarettes. Vending machines in bathrooms sometimes sell condoms, mouthwas h , or toothpaste and toothbrushes. 

The machines usually work when some money (usually coins or paper money) is put in a slot. Then, a button needs to be pushed, or a lever pulled. If there is enough money, the selected item will be dropped to a tray, where it can be taken out by hand. Ticket vending machines will print the ticket. Older vending machines were all mechanical, but most newer ones are partly electronic. Many modern vending machines can accept debit or credit cards in addition to cash.

The first vending machine came about during 1st century AD in Roman Egypt and was invented by the Greek mathematician and engineer, Hero of Alexandria. It dispensed a certain amount of holy water, so people would not take much of it from the temple. People dropped tokens to release a certain amount of water.

In 1615, small machines that dispensed tobacco were placed in English taverns. In 1822, Richard Carlile, an English bookseller and publisher, created a machine that dispensed banned works, so allowing readers to purchase them. During the 1850s and 60s, the first, fully-automatic vending machine was introduced which sold stamps and writing paper. 

By the 1880s, coin-operated vending machines were introduced in London and Percival Everitt invented a machine that dispensed envelopes, postcards and notepapers. In 1887, Sweetmeat Automatic Delivery Company set up multiple vending machines in England, which sold chocolates, chewing gums, perfumes and matches. In 1888, the United States of America had its first vending machine, set up by the Thomas Adams Gum Company, which sold tutti-frutti gum. In 1907, one of the early models of the modern-day gumball dispensing machines came out. Through the 1940s and 1950s, soda-vending machines also became popular. Due to this, Coca-Cola immensely increased their sales and currently, has one of the largest number of vending machines in the world.

Japan has a reputation for having some of the most innovative uses of automated vending, providing machines that offer fresh fruits and vegetables, sake, hot foods, batteries, flowers, clothing and, of course, sushi. Japan has the highest per capita rate of vending machines in the world. 

Bar (business)

A bar is a building or business where alcoholic drinks (such as beer, wine, or liquor) are served. Bars are also found in pubs and nightclubs. They may also serve snack food. In most countries, bars are regulated and licenced by the regional or local governments, which establish laws regarding the opening hours and serving policies. In Canada and the United States, a liquor tax is placed on the sales of alcoholic beverages.

Drink coasters are used in bars and restaurants to protect the table surface from alcohol.

Cape Horn

Cape Horn (; ) is a cape. It was named for the city of Hoorn in the Netherlands. It is the southernmost land area of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago of southern Chile. Many people see Cape Horn as the southern tip of South America. Cape Horn is the most southerly of the great capes. The Drake Passage is directly to the south of it. For many years, it was a major milestone on the clipper route by which sailing ships carried trade around the world. The waters around the cape are very dangerous because of strong winds, large waves, and icebergs. These reasons have made it notorious as a sailors' graveyard.

Today, the Panama Canal has greatly reduced the need for cargo ships to travel via the Horn. However, sailing around the Horn is widely regarded as one of the major challenges in yachting, and a number of recreational sailors continue to sail this route, sometimes as part of a circumnavigation of the globe. Several prominent ocean yacht races, notably the Vendée Globe, sail around the world via the Horn, and speed records for round-the-world sailing follow the same route.

Iceberg

An iceberg is a large piece of ice floating in the sea. They are generally found in cold water near the North or South Pole. Icebergs are especially common during spring, when ice has begun to melt.

About 90% of an iceberg is below the water line and ten percent above. Icebergs break off from larger structures made of ice, like glaciers or ice shelves. These are formed by snowfall in very cold places where it will not melt in the summer. The snow builds up and compacts into ice. This is gradually pulled downhill by gravity and into the sea. The ice then falls off and makes icebergs. The icebergs can drift in the sea for years before they have melted completely.

The first person to give a correct scientific explanation of this phenomenon was Mikhail Lomonosov, around 1750. The density of ice is about 0.92 kg per liter, that of sea water is about 1.025 kg per liter. For this reason, 920 parts of the 1025, or about 90 percent, of the iceberg's volume need to be below the water line. Lomonosov grew up on the shore of the White Sea in the European part of Russia. He studied in Marburg, and is credited with introducing the word "iceberg" into the Russian language.

Icebergs are very dangerous to ships, and many ships have sunk after crashing into icebergs. The most famous one was RMS "Titanic" in 1912.

The largest iceberg people know about was called B-15. It broke off from the Antarctic ice shelf in the year 2000, and was as large as the island of Jamaica (over 10,000 km). It soon started to break up into smaller pieces, some of which still remain in 2008. Icebergs are affected by global warming.

There is a color called iceberg.

Circumnavigation

Circumnavigation originally meant going around something, by ship. Usually, it means people going around the world. The first known circumnavigation was done by Fernão de Magalhães (Ferdinand Magellan), from 1519 to 1522. Magellan took five ships and went west, from Spain. He discovered a waterway which is now named after him, the Strait of Magellan. Magellan died in a fight with natives on the Philippine island Mactan in April 1521. The voyage was completed under command of Juan Sebastián Elcano. Elcano returned to Sanlúcar de Barrameda, where the voyage had started, with 18 survivors and valuable cargo in 1522. This proved that the earth was a globe.


Thought experiment

A thought experiment is an experiment that takes place in people's minds instead of in a laboratory or in the real world. In a real-life experiment, people can see and measure changes, but thought experiments only show special ways of thinking. Anyone can do a thought experiment.

The usual goal of a thought experiment is to show what might happen: "if this were true, what would follow from it?"

The history of science has many thought experiments in it. Hans Christian Ørsted was the first to use the German term ' (means 'thought experiment') in about 1812. 

Posing hypothetical questions had been done for long time (by scientists and philosophers). However, people had no way of talking about it.



Breaking Benjamin

Breaking Benjamin is a hard rock band from Pennsylvania. The band is best known for their songs "Polyamorous", "So Cold", "Sooner or Later," "The Diary of Jane," and "Breath." The band was formed in 1998 by lead vocalist Benjamin Burnley and drummer Jeremy Hummel. The band has released five albums: ""Saturate""(2002), ""We Are Not Alone""(2004), ""Phobia""(2006), ""Dear Agony""(2009), ""Dark Before Dawn""(2015) and Ember (2018)

The band's album ""Dark Before Dawn"" was released on June 23rd, 2015. This album has made 5 singles which are ""Failure"", ""Angels Fall"", ""Ashes of Eden"" ""Defeated"" and ""Never Again""

Headlands and bays

A headland is an area of land that is surrounded by water on three sides. Very often, the land areas are called "cape"s. A bay is an area of water. It is surrounded by land on three sides. The water areas are also called "gulf"s. 

A bay is a large body of water in the land next to a sea or lake between two headlands. The waves coming to the shore in a bay are usually constructive waves, and because of this, many of them have a beach. A bay may be metres across, or it could be hundreds of kilometres across. A bay often contains beaches.

Bays form where weak rocks, such as sands and clays, are eroded, leaving bands of stronger rocks, such as chalk, limestone, or granite, forming a headland, or peninsula. Headlands and bays are formed when there are parallel sections of softer and harder rock perpendicular to the coast. The sea erodes the softer rock faster than the harder rock, forming a bay. The harder rock that is left protruding into the sea is the headland. 

They also can be made by people mining off the coast. 

Drake Passage

The Drake passage is a body of water. It lies between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. To the north is Cape Horn and the South American continent, to the south are the South Shetland Islands, now part of the British Antarctic Territory. It is part of the Southern Ocean. It is named after the English privateer Sir Francis Drake, who accidentally discovered it. He never sailed the passage, because sailing the Strait of Magellan was less dangerous. 

The Drake passage is also the shortest route from Antarctica to the rest of the world. The only islands in the passage are the Diego Ramirez Islands, about 60 km south of Cape Horn. 

The passage is also known for very rough seas. Waves of 10 m are not uncommon here. 

The passage is also good for seeing Whales, Dolphins, seabirds, and penguins. 

In old books, the passage is called Drake Strait. In Spanish it is called "Pasaje de Drake" or "Mar de Moces".


Glacier

A glacier is a large body of ice and snow. It forms because the snow in an area does not all melt in summer. Each winter, more snow is added. The weight of all the snow creates pressure. This pressure turns the lower parts of the snow into ice. After this happens for many years, the glacier will start growing large. It becomes so heavy that gravity causes the ice to move. It flows downwards like water but very slowly. A glacier only moves about per year. New snowfalls replace the parts that flow away.

Glaciers are the largest sources of fresh water on Earth. The largest bodies of salt water are the oceans.

Glaciers will only form in places that are cold enough and get enough snow over time. This can take a long time. It often takes tens or hundreds of years for a glacier to form. There are two kinds of glaciers: "continental glaciers" and "alpine glaciers". Alpine glaciers are also called "mountain glaciers".

Glaciers are very important. They have a large effect on the environment. They do this because they are very large and heavy. When they move, they erode mountains and land. Also, since they froze long ago, snow crystals and air bubbles inside are kept in good condition. These can provide a large amount of information for scientists. Recently glaciers have been melting more than they did in the past. Many scientists think this is happening because global warming is changing the climate.

Glaciers are blue in color. This is because water is very good at absorbing light. Only the strongest light, with the most energy, is able to escape. Blue is the color of light that has the most energy. Because of this, blue is the only color of light that can escape without being absorbed. The thicker the glacier is, the more blue it appears.


Sight-reading

Sight-reading (or sight-singing for singers) is the ability to play music that one has never seen before. It is important to be able to read music well in order to sight-read.

Many people who learn to play an instrument will take examinations from time to time. One of the tests that is usually required for an examination is some sight-reading. 

People who find it hard to read music will find it hard to sight-read. The best way to improve is by regular practice. People who play in orchestras will need to be good sight-readers because they often have to play music that they have never seen or heard before. 

People who learn the piano often find sight-reading hard because they have to read two staves at once (one for each hand). Playing through lots of easy music is a good way to improve. Playing piano duets with a friend is also great fun. 

When someone is reading aloud their eyes are looking several words ahead of the word they are speaking. In the same way a good sight-reader will try to look ahead of the notes he is playing. The player is "anticipating" (thinking about what is going to happen next). In this way he can try to make the music expressive, even if it means leaving out some of the notes.

A good sight-reader will be able to see the printed music and imagine what the notes should sound like. In this way he will not need to keep looking at his fingers to check whether he is playing the correct notes.

Some pianists are very good at sight-reading. The pianist John Ogdon was able to read extremely difficult modern music at first sight.


Child prodigy

A child prodigy is a child who is very smart at an early age. They can do things that average people can only do when they are adults. Child prodigies are often musicians or mathematicians. A child prodigy does not always grow up to be a world-famous genius. Some of them lose their exceptional gifts in adulthood.







Puerto Rican

A Puerto Rican is a person from Puerto Rico or anyone who is descended from some one who was originally from Puerto Rico. Puerto Ricans are American citizens, even though Puerto Rico is only a territory of the United States and not an official state. People from Puerto Rico can also be known as a "Boricua," "Borinquen," "Puertoriqueño," or the most known slang of "Boricua."

The name of "Boricua," and "Borinqueños" came from the island's original name of "Boriken", meaning "Land of the Brave People". This name was created by the Taino-Arawak people, who were highly advanced. Taino-Arawak ancestors date back to 4,000 B.C.

•Marc Anthony, singer
•Giannina Braschi, poet, novelist 
•Neil deGrasse Tyson, scientist 
•Jennifer Lopez, singer, actress
•Ricky Martin, singer, activist
•Renee Marques, playwright 
•Lin-Manuel Miranda, creator of Broadway musicals 
•Sonia Sotomayor, Supreme Court judge

Toothbrush

The toothbrush is a tool to clean teeth. The toothbrush has a small brush at the end of a handle. Toothpaste, which often contains fluoride, is commonly added to a toothbrush to help clean the teeth. Both toothpaste and toothbrushes come in many different colours. Toothpastes can also come in many different flavours. Nice toothbrushes (especially electrical) can make toothbrushing fun and help your child on the way to perfect oral health.

Toothbrushes were first invented by a prisoner. Before anyone had thought of a toothbrush, people kept their teeth clean by chewing on a stick until one end got soft and frayed like a brush. Sometimes they dipped a finger in chalk or salt and then rubbed their teeth. Toothpicks were another way to take care of teeth, and toothpicks were very fancy then. They were made of gold or jewels, and people would stick them in their hats or hang them on necklaces when they were not using them. 

The first brushes came from China, where the Chinese made them out of hairs pulled from the back of wild hogs. The kind of toothbrush we know came from William Addis. He worked on the toothbrush while he was in jail. First, he saved a bone from one of his meals and poked some holes in it. The prison guard gave him some bristles. Joseph tied the bristles into little bundles, cut them to make them even, put glue on the ends, and stuffed them into the holes. The company he started still make millions of toothbrushes every year.

The word toothbrush came from the two parts of the word, first a noun and then a verb or noun. The action of brushing teeth with a toothbrush is basically the use of the invention of Joseph Addis.

Homeostasis

Homeostasis is self-regulation, a basic property of all self-organising systems. In biology, it is the keeping of a stable internal environment.

Homeostasis is life's ability to stay balanced, when the environment changes. Animals keep their body in a stable condition. They do so by regulating their inner equilibrium. For example, they adjust their pH, temperature, amount of oxygen or carbon dioxide in the blood and so on. In living things, the study of how they keep in a stable condition is called physiology. Mostly, our physiology works unconsciously throughout life. We have many negative feedback systems which adjust our physiology so that we stay alive. These systems are self-organising and do not need to be learnt. They are inherited.

The concept was described by Claude Bernard, and the term was later coined by Walter Cannon in 1926, 1929, and 1932. Walter Cannon thought these were the features of homeostasis:

Examples of homeostasis:

In mammals, the main organs involved with homeostasis are:
The brain is also central to homeostasis. It controls behaviour, and the basic function of behaviour is to support life by taking action.


Pulmonary embolism

A pulmonary embolism is a clot of material (an embolus) that blocks blood from getting to the lungs. It is usually caused by a blood clot that starts somewhere else in the body and travels to the lungs. However, it can also be caused by clumped cancer cells, fat, or bone. Rarely, while giving birth, a woman can get a clot of amniotic fluid.

Symptoms of a pulmonary embolism start suddenly, as soon as the clot starts blocking blood flow to the lungs. Blood is supposed to pick up oxygen in the lungs and then carry that oxygen to the rest of the body. If blood cannot get through to the lungs, it cannot pick up oxygen or deliver it to the body. Every part of the body needs blood and oxygen to survive.

Often, the first sign of a pulmonary embolism is syncope (fainting), because the brain is not getting enough blood and oxygen. Other symptoms include:

The worst kind of pulmonary embolism is caused by a "saddle embolus". This kind of embolus blocks the pulmonary artery, which carries blood from the right side of the heart to the lungs. This makes it impossible for any blood to get through to the lungs. Since no blood can get out to the rest of the body, the person's blood pressure drops and they can go into shock. A saddle embolus is a very serious medical emergency. Many people with this type of embolus die.

There are many risk factors that make it more likely for a person to get a pulmonary embolism. For example:

There are a few treatments for pulmonary embolism. The choice of which treatments to use depends on how serious the pulmonary embolism is. Treatments include:

Toilet

A toilet is sanitary hardware. Toilets used in a sitting position with a toilet seat are popular in Europe and North America. There may be additional considerations for people with disabilities. Squat toilets, used in a squatting posture are more popular in Asia. This is a place where humans get rid of waste that comes from their bodies (urine and feces). Most toilets use water to flush the waste through plumbing into a sewage system. However, some modern toilets do not use water, and are called dry toilets.

A room that has a toilet can be called a "restroom" or "bathroom" in the United States. In other places it may be called the toilet, the lavatory, or the water closet (WC).

Almost all modern buildings have at least one toilet. In the home, a toilet may or may not be in the same room as a shower or a bathtub. Some toilets are outside, in an "outhouse".

In developing countries, many people do not have a toilet in their home. More than 4.5 billion people do not have access to toilets.

A public toilet may or may not cost money to use. Toilets that cost money are called "pay toilets".

Public bathrooms often have many toilets with walls between them. This makes areas called "stalls" (US) or "cubicles" (UK). Bathrooms for men often also have separate urinals. Urinals can either be on the wall for a single user, or a basin or trough for many men to use at the same time. Urinals on walls sometimes have small walls or dividers for privacy reasons.

Outdoor public toilets (in the street, around parks, etc.) are a form of street furniture. These toilets are in individual cubicles. Some are simple and have little or no plumbing. Others are less simple, and some toilets even clean themselves after every use.

Some toilet-cubicles are mobile and can be put in place where and when they are needed. These toilets are called "portable toilets". Portable toilets are commonly used at large outdoor events like concerts, festivals or carnivals.

In 1775, Alexander Cumming patented the S-bend. This was crucial in the development of the flushing toilet. It was a simple length of pipe with a curve in it.
Every day, toilets use 141 billion liters of water to flush waste. Engineers try to make toilets that do not need so much water. In 2019, one group made a chemical to put in toilets to make them more slippery so that the waste flushes away with only a little water.


Stegosaurus

Stegosaurus (meaning "roof-lizard") was a type of plant-eating dinosaur which lived in what is now western North America.

"Stegosaurus" lived in the Upper Jurassic period around 155 to 145 million years ago. It is one of the most easily recognized dinosaurs, with its distinctive double row of kite-shaped plates on its back, and the long spikes on its tail. The armor was necessary as it lived with such meat-eaters as "Allosaurus" and "Ceratosaurus".

"Stegosaurus" was originally named by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1877, from fossils found near Morrison, Colorado. These first bones became the first species of Stegosaur named: "Stegosaurus armatus".

Several different "Stegosaurus" species have been found.

"Stegosaurus" was the largest stegosaur, reaching up to 12 m (39.4 ft) in length and weighing up to 5,000 kg (5.5 short tons). However, 7 to 9 m was a more usual length.

The skull of "Stegosaurus" was long and narrow. Because of its short front legs, its head was close to the ground, probably no higher than 1 m (3.3 ft). It ate low-growing plants because of this. It had no front teeth, but it did have a horn-covered beak. Stegosaurian chewing teeth were small and triangular and did little grinding as they lacked wear surfaces.

Unlike most dinosaurs, it did not have a lacuna (hole) in its skull between the nose and eye.

It has often been said that the "Stegosaurus" brain was the size of a walnut. Actually, it had a brain several times the size of a walnut. The bundle of nerves near the base of the tail that controlled reflexes in the back of the body was larger than the brain and is sometimes said to be a "second brain". These issues are discussed in Dinosaur brains and intelligence.

"Stegosaurus" had very short forelimbs in relation to its hind legs. The back legs each had three short toes, while the front legs had five toes. All four limbs were supported by pads behind the toes.

"Stegosaurus" was a member of the Thyreophora, or armored dinosaurs, a family of dinosaurs which includes the ankylosaurs.

"Stegosaurus" has been declared the State Dinosaur of Colorado. It has also appeared in many movies and TV shows.


Psittacosis

Psittacosis is a bacterial disease that can be caught from birds such as parrots, pigeons, and parakeets. The disease is not common, with only 50 reported cases in the United States each year.

Psittacosis usually gives flu-like symptoms, such as fevers, chills, headaches, muscle aches, and a dry cough. The disease can also look like pneumonia on an x-ray. In rare cases, Psittacosis can cause endocarditis - swelling of joints, and swelling of the cornea. 

Psittacosis can be easily treated with antibiotics, especially with Tetracycline. The disease rarely kills people, with only 1% of those who get the disease dying.

Gregorian chant

Gregorian chant is an important form of plainchant, used mainly in the Roman Catholic Church. With plainchant, all people sing the same music in unison, most of the time. Sometimes, there is a second part, called "organum", which often uses the same melody, but at an interval. This interval is often a fourth or a fifth.

Gregorian chant developed mainly in western and central Europe during the 9th and 10th centuries, but people wrote new songs and changed the old ones later. Many people believe an old story, which says that Pope Gregory the Great wrote the songs. Most people who study the history of music believe that kings such as Charlemagne brought music from Rome to their kingdoms in France and Germany. When Charlemagne's people sang these songs, they changed the songs. This new music became Gregorian chant.

Usually men and boys sang Gregorian chant in churches, and holy women and men sang Gregorian chants in their daily prayers. In Roman Catholic churches, prayers and songs follow an order called the "Roman Rite." Gregorian chant is the music used in the "Mass" and the "Office" of the Roman Rite. The "Mass" is the part of the Roman Rite where Catholics receive what they believe to be the body and blood of Christ. The "Office" is the part of the Roman Rite where holy men and women pray at special times every day. In the past, people sang different songs in parts of Europe, but Gregorian chant replaced almost all of them. Although the Roman Catholic Church no longer requires people to sing Gregorian chants, it still says that Gregorian chant is the best music for prayer.

Christians have sung songs without music since the earliest days of the Church. Before the mid-1990s, many people believed that the Jewish songs called the "Psalms," which are in both the Jewish and Christian Bible, were an important part of early Christian music and prayer. People who study the history of music and religion no longer believe this, because most early Christian songs were not from the Psalms, and Jews did not sing Psalms for many centuries after their most important holy place, the Second Temple, was destroyed in the year 70. However, some parts of Jewish music and prayer ended up later in Gregorian chant. The organized order of prayers called "canonical hours" come from Jewish tradition. The words "amen" and "alleluia" come from the Hebrew language. The prayer "sanctus, sanctus, sanctus," which means "holy, holy, holy," comes from the Jewish prayer "kadosh, kadosh, kadosh."

The New Testament, tells how Jesus and his friends sang together: "When they had sung the hymn, they went out to the Mount of Olives" (Matthew|26.30). Other writers from those early centuries such as Pope Clement I also said that Christians sang religious songs, but they don’t tell us what the music sounded like. The "Oxyrhynchus hymn," a 3rd-century Christian Greek song, has lasted with written musical notes, but we do not know if this song is connected to plainchant.

The sorts of songs, which Catholics later sang in the Roman Rite, started to appear in the 3rd century. The "Apostolic Tradition", a book about Christian traditions in early Rome, says that Christians sang "Alleluia" in early holy meals called ""agape" feasts." Chants of the Office started in the early 4th century, when holy men in the deserts started the tradition of singing all 150 psalms every week. Sometime around 375, Christians in Eastern Europe started singing religious songs back and forth between two groups; in 386, St. Ambrose brought this tradition to Western Europe. Singing back and forth is called "antiphonal" singing.

Most people think that the liturgy of the Roman Mass was put together during the 7th century. In 785-786, Pope Hadrian I sent some Roman chants to the court of Charlemagne. Later this music developed into the system of eight modes. This music, together with some new chants to complete the liturgical year, became known as "Gregorian." This chant was probably named after Pope Gregory the Great.

When Charlemagne had become Holy Roman Emperor he made everyone in Europe use this Gregorian chant. By the 12th and 13th centuries, all other kinds of chant disappeared, even the Roman form (now known as Old Roman chant).

Gregorian chants are divided into three types based on the number of notes sung to each syllable. "Syllabic" chants mostly have one note per syllable. In "neumatic" chants there are mostly two or three notes per syllable, while "melismatic" chants have lots of notes for one syllable. Some of the chants are recitative and some are free melody. When two choirs stand in different parts of the church and sing alternately these are called "Antiphonal chants". "Responsorial chants" are ones with a refrain sung by the choir, which alternate with a psalm verse sung by a soloist.
Gregorian chant used the eight modes which came from the Byzantine chants. They were written down in a special musical notation called "neumes". These neumes do not show the exact rhythms, so that we cannot always be sure of the way they were sung. The rhythm was probably quite free and flexible. There were certainly no bar lines and regular beat. The chant was normally sung by men. Women only sang in convents, and even then they could not sing in all the services.

Gregorian chant was a big influence on polyphonic music in the Middle Ages and Renaissance. When the original plainsong melody was made to be the bottom part it became known as "cantus firmus" (i.e., the "given melody"). Cantus firmus became a very important part of musical composition in the Renaissance.

Barneveld

Barneveld () is a municipality in the middle of the Netherlands, in the province Gelderland. The main centre is the village of Barneveld. 

The municipality has an area of 176.74 km². 

Other centres are: Essen, Esveld, Garderbroek, Harselaar, Kallenbroek, Moorst (partly), Wessel and Recreatiegebied Zeumeren.

The municipality neighbours Nijkerk, Putten and Ermelo to the north. Apeldoorn lies to the east. Municipalities Ede, Renswoude, Scherpenzeel and Woudenberg are to the south. Municipalities Leusden and Amersfoort neighbour Barneveld to the west.


Executable

An executable is a computer program written by a programmer and compiled by a compiler (See programming). When it is run, it 'executes' (or does) the actions it was programmed to. 

An example of a compiler is the GNU C Compiler, or GCC for short. It reads in program code written in the C programming language, and converts it into binary machine code called an executable, so computers can understand it. On Microsoft Windows, these files end with '.exe.' To humans, these files are hard to read. Macs use other file extensions.


Windows NT

Windows NT is a series of Microsoft's Windows operating systems written in the C and C++ programming languages. They were the first to use their new 'NT' (New Technology) core. That means it had a brand new core to do more things than the MS-DOS-based one that they used in older versions of Windows. Also, it was more secure and crashed less. Windows NT 3.1 was released as alpha versions in 1991-1992 and beta versions in 1993.

Microsoft decided to create a portable operating system, compatible with OS/2 and POSIX and supporting multiprocessing, in October 1988. When development started in November 1989, Windows NT was to be known as OS/2 3.0, the third version of the operating system developed jointly by Microsoft and IBM. To ensure portability, initial development was targeted at the Intel i860XR RISC processor, switching to the MIPS R3000 in late 1989, and then the Intel i386 in 1990.

It is well believed that Dave Cutler intended the initialism 'WNT' as a pun on VMS, incrementing each letter by one. However, the project was named NT OS/2 before receiving the Windows brand. One of the original OS/2 3.0 creators, Mark Lucovsky, claims that the name was taken from the original target processor—the Intel i860, code-named N10 ('N-Ten'). Various Microsoft publications, including a 1998 question-and-answer session with Bill Gates, reveal that the letters were expanded to 'New Technology' for marketing purposes but no longer carry any specific meaning. The letters were dropped from the name of Windows 2000, though Microsoft described the product as 'Built on NT technology.'

Versions of Windows NT are Windows NT 3.1, NT 3.5, 3.51, NT 4.0, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7. Windows NT 3.1 was the first release of the Windows NT line. The version number 3.1 was from the fact that it looked very much like Windows 3.1. It was released in 1993. Next was Windows NT 3.5 and then 3.51. 3.5 was released in 1994 and 3.51 in 1995, just a few months before Windows 95. The version after that was NT 4.0, released in 1996. It was advertised as 'power of Windows NT and look of Windows 95' and included Internet Explorer version 2. The next version was NT 5.0, which was re-branded as Windows 2000 before release, followed by Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, and the most recently Windows 10.

The NT version number was not used for marketing purposes after Windows NT 4.0 but is still used internally and said to reflect the degree of changes to the core of the operating system. Windows 10 changes the internal version number to 10.0, which is the first time since 1996 that the internal version number has matched the marketing number.

Windows NT can refer either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

Notes

File extension

A file extension or filename extension is a suffix at the end of a filename. It is used to show the type of a computer file. This suggests what program can understand it. For example, MYWORDS.TXT is a plain text file and may be opened by a text editor. Filename extensions come after the name of the file, and many of them are three letters long. 

Some examples of common file extensions are:
There are many other commonly used file extensions.

You can change the program defaults so that the computer knows which program to open each type of file extension with.

Lagomorpha

Lagomorpha is a mammal order. It includes pikas, rabbits and hares. Although lagomorphs look like rodents, they are not rodents, but are closely related to them. They have four incisors on the upper jaw, not two as with rodents. Also, they only eat plant material, not meat as rodents do to some extent.

Rabbits were classified under rodents until the 20th century. They are divided into two families: Leporidae, which are hares and rabbits, and Ochotonidae, the pikas.

It has been known for some time that Lagomorpha is an unusual group, and there have been many guesses about its evolution. Darren Naish explains this.


Lupus

Lupus, or Lupus erythematosus, is a disease of the immune system. It is chronic, which means it does not go away. It is an autoimmune disease, where the person's immune system attacks their own body.

The immune system is partly made up of white blood cells in your body that fight off disease. In lupus, these white blood cells think that the healthy cells of the body around them are diseased, so they end up attacking healthy parts of the body. Lupus can be deadly. It causes swelling and tissue damage, and can attack any part of the body. It most commonly affects the heart, joints, skin, lungs, blood vessels, kidneys and the brain/nervous system. Some symptoms include: fatigue, fever with no cause, hair loss, mouth sores, sensitivity to sunlight, a skin disease, and Raynaud's syndrome. There is treatment for lupus, called immunosuppression, which is medicine that stops the white blood cells from damaging healthy cells for a while. After a while, this medicine wears off, and then the white blood cells go back to hurting healthy parts of the body again. For the disease of lupus, there is no cure that stops the white blood cells from attacking healthy parts of the body forever, but doctors are not giving up on finding a cure.

Lupus takes its name from the Latin word "lupus", meaning wolf. This is because a lupus-caused rash on a person's face makes the person's face look like the face of a wolf. In the United States alone, there may be 270,000 to 1.5 million (1,500,000) people with lupus. Worldwide, it is estimated (not known for sure, but a good guess) that over 5 million (5,000,000) people living with lupus. The disease mainly affects young women, but men can be affected as well.


Hiragana

Hiragana is a part of the Japanese writing system. Japanese writing normally consists of kanji which are used for the main words in a sentence, usually content words, and hiragana which are used for the little words that make up the grammar (in English these would be words like “from” and “his”) called particles. Hiragana is also used for the endings of some of the words. 

Hiragana is a syllabary, which means that each hiragana character stands for a syllable. It is therefore different from a language such as English which uses an alphabet in which most of the letters stand for one bit of sound (phoneme). There is also another syllabary called katakana which is mostly used for foreign words and names. The two kana systems are quite easy to learn, but kanji takes years of practice. In contrast, the kana systems can be learnt in two weeks.

In the past, hiragana was considered women's writing, while men wrote in kanji. Since kanji are convenient for writing in Chinese but not as convenient for Japanese, it was women, such as Murasaki Shikibu, who wrote the first hiragana books, poems and songs. Later the Buddhist clerics, such as Rennyo (d. 1498), wrote in hiragana to make their religious messages easier to read, so more people could read them.

Sometimes the whole of a text may be written in hiragana to make it easy. This is used in books for young children, or for students starting to learn Japanese, or when writing the lyrics for songs underneath the music where it is important to show how the words fit the music. Some rare or strange kanji may also have so-called "furigana" characters above it. They are hiragana which show how the kanji is to be pronounced.

In Hiragana each character (kana) is either a vowel (such as "a": あ); a consonant followed by a vowel (such as "ka": か); or, at the end of a syllable, an "n": (ん), although sometimes this sounds more like an “m” or “ng”.

As an example of how the grammatical endings are used we can take the verb “to eat” which is食べる (taberu). Here the main part of the word “eat” (pronounced “ta” in this case) is the kanji 食. The other two syllables: “be-ru” are in hiragana (べる). To say “I ate” or “you ate” etc. you would say “tabemashita”, written食べました (“be-ma-shi-ta” is written in hiragana).

The main hiragana characters are shown in this table. 
Notice that the sound “hu” is unknown in Japanese, so ふ is pronounced “fu” with an “f” which is blown lightly, like someone blowing out a candle.

To write the voiced sounds for “g”, “d”, “z” and “b” two little lines called a dakuten (゛) are added after a character starting with the unvoiced sounds “k”, “t”, “s” and “h”. A circle, (゜), is added after a “h” for the sound “p”. For example: は gives the sound “ha”; ば gives the sound “ba”; ぱ gives the sound “pa”.

Sometimes when words are joined together to make compound words, the first sound of the second part changes from unvoiced to voiced. For example: “hana”: はな (nose) + ち“chi” (blood) becomes はなぢ “hanaji” (nosebleed)

Some Japanese syllables which have sliding sounds add a small version of the hiragana for "ya", "yu" or "yo" (ゃ, ゅ and ょ) This is called “yōon”. For example: “sha” sounds like “shi”+”ya” so “densha” (a tram) is written でんしゃ. A small “tsu” っ called a “sokuon” shows a doubled consonant: “Nippon” (Japan) is written にっぽん. Without the small “tsu” the first syllable would sound like the word “knee”. 

A student starting to learn to write Japanese can start with hiragana or with katakana. Hiragana is the basis of learning Japanese script. However, for someone who is about to visit Japan and just wants to be able to recognize a few words, katakana will be more useful as it will help to read many of the road signs, shop names and the names of things on restaurant menus.



Kuomintang

Kuomintang (KMT; ; English: Chinese Nationalist Party), also known as Guomindang (GMD), is the main political party in Republic of China (Taiwan). It was ruling in Mainland China until 1949 when Communists captured the mainland and the KMT moved to Taiwan. It was founded by Song Jiaoren and Sun Yat-sen. Chiang Kai-shek later led the party for decades.

Chiang Kai-shek

Chiang Kai-shek was a Chinese nationalist politician and military leader who was President of the Republic of China, born in Xikou on October 31, 1887. His father was a merchant who died when Chiang was eight years old. Chiang became an officer in the army of the Manchu empire, but supported the Chinese Xinhai Revolution of 1911 that converted China into a republic. 

He led the Republic of China from 1930 to 1949 on mainland China until he was overthrown by Mao Zedong in the Chinese Civil War. He fled to Taiwan where he ruled from 1950 until his death in 1975, although his government was still officially called the Republic of China.

Chiang Kai-Shek was born on October 31, 1887, in Zhejiang province, China. He received a military education at the Baoding Military Academy and later studied in Japan at the Tokyo Shinbu Gakko. These formative years laid the groundwork for his future role as a military and political leader. Chiang's exposure to different ideologies and military strategies influenced his approach during pivotal moments in Chinese history. After his father died, Chiang joined the army. At first, he went to Baoding in northern China to study military science. Later, he went to Japan to learn more about the military. 

In 1918, he joined the Nationalist Party of Sun Yat-sen. Sun Yat-sen helped Jiang Kai-Shek make a military academic school called Huangpu Military School. In 1926 and 1927 he led the Northern Expedition to conquer local warlords and unify China. After Sun Yat-sen died, he pushed out the Communists in 1927. In 1928, he made a new government in Nanjing, and became head of the state. He focused on fighting the Communists and the Empire of Japan. In 1937, Japan began to invade China, and Chiang was in charge of the Nationalist Chinese Army, until the war ended in 1945. Chiang ruled China until 1949, when Mao Zedong, who led the Communist Party of China, attacked Chiang and his officials, and they were forced to flee to Taiwan. Chiang established the Republic of China on the Island of Taiwan in 1949. He governed Taiwan until his death in 1975, leaving a complex legacy of authoritarian rule and anti-communism.


Dark matter

Dark matter is a type of matter thought to be responsible for much of the mass in the universe.

The idea arose when astronomers found that the mass of large astronomical objects, and their gravitational effects, was much greater than the mass from the "luminous matter" that contains stars, gas, and dust.

Dark matter was first proposed by Jan Oort in 1932 as a reason for the spinning speeds of stars in the Milky Way. Fritz Zwicky in 1933 used dark matter to explain "missing mass" in the spinning speeds of galaxies in clusters. Later, many other observations have suggested that there is dark matter in the universe. The spinning speeds of galaxies, gravitational lensing of background objects, the temperature distribution of hot gas in galaxies and clusters of galaxies: these are some of the examples that make scientists believe in dark matter.

According to the Planck mission team, and based on the standard model of cosmology, the total mass–energy of the known universe contains 4.9% ordinary matter, 26.8% dark matter and 68.3% dark energy.Thus, dark matter is estimated to make up 84.5% of the total matter in the universe, while dark energy plus dark matter make up 95.1% of the total "stuff" in the universe.
Because dark matter does not seem to give off or reflect light, x-rays, or any other radiation, the instruments that are used to find normal matter (like hot gas, stars, planets, and us) can't find dark matter. It seems that dark matter is not made of the same thing as the matter we see every day on Earth. The only way we can tell if dark matter is there, is by how it affects things we can "see" by gravity.

In 2006, a group of scientists claimed that they had found a way to find dark matter. Since dark matter is supposedly very different from normal matter, it is expected to act differently. The scientists observed two far-away galaxy clusters that had crashed into each other at high speed: normal matter would have been scattered nearby after the collision, while dark matter would not. By measuring gravity, they were able to detect what looked like two clouds of dark matter, with a cloud of normal matter (hot gas) in between them.


Katakana

Katakana (カタカナ) is a Japanese script used for writing words borrowed from other languages. It is easier to read than the kanji (the picture method based on Chinese characters). Once the 46 katakana symbols have been learned, the reader knows how to pronounce them.

Katakana and hiragana are both syllabaries. In English we use the letters of the alphabet. In most words each letter stands for a bit of sound (a phoneme). In a syllabary each symbol stands for a syllable. For example: in English we write “Wagamama”: each of the eight letters standing for a sound: “W-a-g-a-m-a-m-a”. But if the word “Wagamama” is divided into syllables there are four syllables (blocks of sound): Wa-ga-ma-ma. In Katakana it is written with four symbols: ワガママ.

Hiragana works in the same way, but the symbols are mostly different. Katakana is perhaps a little easier to learn than Hiragana because the symbols are simpler and more “squared off”. Together Katakana and Hiragana are called “Kana”.

This is a table of the basic katakana strokes. The first chart shows the basic katakana (characters with red letters next to them are no longer used today).
From the first table it can be seen that there are 46 basic characters (top left, first five columns, from "a" to "wa"). Diphthongs (vowels that slide from one sound to the other) have to be written with an extra symbol in small print. For example: the sound “mu” in our word “music” sounds like “myu” so it is written ミュ (mi+yu). So the word “musical” (as in a stage musical) is written: ミュージカル.
A long vowel is shown in katakana by a kind of dash called a “choon” (ー).

Katakana is used to write words which have been borrowed from other languages, or to write foreign names and names of countries. For example, America is written as アメリカ.

It is not always easy for us to recognize these words because the Japanese language does not have some of the sounds that we do in English. This means that Japanese have to find other ways to pronounce and write the word. For example: the word “coffee” is written コーヒー (koo-hii). Sometimes the word is shortened as well: “television” is written as テレビ (pronounced “te-re-bi”).

Sometimes it is impossible to show the difference between two foreign words, e.g. ラーラー could spell either the name “Lara” or “Lala” (as in the Teletubbies). The Japanese have just one sound which is somewhere between our “r” and “l”.

In the Japanese language a consonant is always followed by a vowel. Words or syllables cannot end in a consonant (except n or m), so the Japanese put in an extra vowel. “Ski” (as in skiing) becomes “suki” (スキ), and a “musical”, as we have seen, becomes “myuujikaru” (ミュージカル).

Katakana are also used for onomatopoeic words like “ding”, or for making words look important, or for scientific names such as the names of birds. Sometimes sentences in books or cartoons may be written in katakana to show that someone is supposed to be speaking with a foreign accent. It is often used to write the names of Japanese companies, i.e. Suzuki is written スズキ, and Toyota is written トヨタ.

A small “tsu” ッ called a “sokuon” shows what we would write as a double consonant, e.g. the English word “bed” is used in Japanese for a western-style bed. It is pronounced “beddo” and written ベッド. The ッ makes the “e” vowel short.

Learning to read the katakana characters is useful for reading some of the signs in Japan, or items on the restaurant menus.

Japanese sentences are usually written in a mixture of katakana, hiragana and kanji, e.g.:
私はアメリカ人です (Watashi wa amerikajin desu: I am American). Here “amerika” is written in katakana, "Watashi"(私) and the ending “jin”(人) are both written in kanji, and “desu” (I am) is in hiragana.



Sanja Stijačić

Sanja Stijačić (born 14 November 1965) is a Serbian flutist. She is also a professor at the Faculty of Arts (Priština), University of Priština in Kosovska Mitrovica, Serbia and at the University of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Comb

A comb is a tool used to care for hair or other fibers. It has small pieces sticking out of a main frame; these are called "teeth." A comb is usually flat.

Humans have been using combs as a tool for a long time, at least for 5,000 years. Combs are used by humans to separate tangled hairs, to keep their hair clean and to style their hair. They are also used as a decoration for hair.

Combs are used in the making of thread from fibers like wool or cotton. Combing makes all the fibres point the same way so a thread can be spun.

The first use of the comb was about 5,000 years ago. Different kinds of comb have been found throughout history by archaeologists. The ancient Egyptians carved out combs. In ancient China, combs were worn as hair decorations and accessories. Over time, combs have become into tools for taking care of hair. Today, there are hundreds of different kinds of combs.

Combs can be used to fix stray hairs and untangle wet hair. Another common use for the comb is to make hair be put in one position before tying it up. Combs may also be used to part hair for coloring, conditioning and braiding. Combs can also be worn as accessories that hold hair up in a special style.

Perfume

Perfume is a liquid that gives people, things and rooms a good smell. It is made of oils which give off scent to the surrounding air. The odoriferous compounds that make up a perfume can be manufactured synthetically or extracted from plant or animal sources.

Perfumes were used in the earliest human civilizations. Modern perfumery began in the late 19th century with the commercial synthesis of aroma compounds such as vanillin or coumarin. The artificial compounds gave a wider ranger of scents than natural materials.

Perfume smells more when temperature is warmer. So people put it on the neck, wrist and back of the knee, because these parts are warmer. Eau de Cologne is a type of perfume which can be splashed on the body. It is not so concentrated as the usual perfumes.

Today, most common essential oils, such as lavender, peppermint, and eucalyptus, are distilled. Raw plant material, the flowers, leaves, wood, bark, roots, seeds, or peel, is put into a distillation apparatus over water. As the water is heated, the steam passes through the plant material collecting the scents. The steam flow through a coil, where it is condensing back to liquid, which is then collected.

Most citrus peel oils are cold pressed, like olive oil production. Citrus-fruit oils are cheaper than most other essential oils. Lemon or sweet orange oils got as by-products of the citrus industry are even cheaper.



Many modern perfumes contain synthesized odorants. Synthetics can provide fragrances which are not found in nature. For instance, Calone, a compound of synthetic origin, gives a fresh metallic marine scent that is widely used. Synthetic aromatics are often used as an alternate to compounds that are not easily got from natural sources.

The word perfume used today derives from the Latin "per fumum", meaning "through smoke." Perfumery, or the art of making perfumes, began in ancient Mesopotamia and Egypt and was further refined by the Romans and Persians.

The world's first recorded chemist is considered to be a woman named Tapputi, a perfume maker who was mentioned in a cuneiform tablet from the 2nd millennium BC in Mesopotamia. She distilled flowers, oil, and calamus with other aromatics then filtered and put them back in the still several times.

In 2005, archaeologists uncovered what are believed to be the world's oldest perfumes in Pyrgos, Cyprus. The perfumes date back more than 4,000 years. The perfumes were discovered in an ancient perfumery. At least 60 stills, mixing bowls, funnels and perfume bottles were found in the factory. In ancient times people used herbs and spices, like almond, coriander, myrtle, conifer resin, bergamot, as well as flowers.

The Arabian alchemist, Al-Kindi (Alkindus), wrote in the 9th century a book on perfumes which contained more than a hundred recipes for fragrant oils and medical substances.

The Persian chemist Avicenna introduced the process of extracting oils from flowers by means of distillation, the procedure most commonly used today. He first experimented with the rose. Until his discovery, liquid perfumes were mixtures of oil and crushed herbs or petals, which made a strong scent. Rose water was more delicate, and immediately became popular. 

The art of perfumery was known in western Europe since the 13th or 14th centuries. By the 18th century, aromatic plants were grown in France, Sicily, and Italy.

Journey (band)

Journey is an American rock band from San Francisco, formed in 1973. They are known for their hit songs like "Don't Stop Believin", "Anyway You Want It", "Open Arms", "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin' " and "Faithfully". Some of the members used to be members of the band Santana. The band has sold 75 million albums and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2017.


Bruno Brun

Bruno Brun (born ) was a Yugoslavian clarinet player and professor at the Music Academy in Belgrade.

He graduated from the Belgrade Music Academy in and continued his education in Paris. He played as a soloist in Yugoslavia and other countries. He was one of the founders of the "Association of Musical Artists of Serbia".

His most famous students are Milenko Stefanovic, Mihailo Zivanovic, Ernest Ackun, Ante Grgin and Nikola Srdic.


Rheinstetten

Rheinstetten is a city in the south-west of Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg. It has about 20,000 inhabitants.

University of Priština (North Mitrovica), Faculty of Arts

The Faculty of Arts of Priština (Serbian: Факултет уметности у Приштини or Fakultet umetnosti u Prištini) is the faculty of arts of the University of Priština in Kosovo, Serbia.

The Faculty of Arts of Pristina was founded in 1973 as the Academy of Arts, and got its present name in 1986. Because of Albanian terrorist attacks it was moved in 1999. It first moved to Varvarin and later to Zvečan, where it is now. It is part of the University of Priština temporarily relocated in Kosovska Mitrovica.







Jasmina Novokmet

Jasmina Novokmet (born 8 September 1969 in Pristina, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian conductor, professor of conducting and former associate dean at the Faculty of Arts of Priština. She is a former student of Jovan Šajnović.

Magna Carta

The Magna Carta was a document that was sealed by King John after negotiations with his barons and their French and Scots allies at Runnymede, Surrey, England in 1215.

There they sealed the Great Charter, called in Latin "Magna Carta". It established a council of 25 barons to see John keep to the clauses, including access to swift justice, parliamentary assent for taxation, scutage limitations, and protection from illegal imprisonment.

Because he was forced to seal the charter, John sought approval to break it, from his spiritual overlord Pope Innocent III. Denouncing it as "not only shameful and demeaning but also illegal and unjust", the Pope agreed. The Magna Carta is still considered one of the most important documents ever written, having inspired the way we view issues of justice and liberty and influenced laws regarding such throughout the world.

The Magna Carta has influenced English law right down to the present day. It is one of the most celebrated documents in the History of England. It is recognized as a cornerstone of the idea of the liberty of citizens.

The Magna Carta contains 63 clauses written in Latin on parchment. Only three of the original clauses in Magna Carta are still law today. One defends the freedom and rights of the English Church, another confirms the liberties customs of the City of London and other towns. This clause (translated) is the main reason the Carta is still famous:

This clause limits the power of rulers, and introduces the idea of lawful process and the idea of a jury. The BBC summarised the main points of the document as: 


The BBC said the Magna Carta "established a number of important principles, which have been copied around the world... It inspired the US Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights".

The origin is in the medieval feudal system, in which the King's word was law. It solved, at the time, a conflict between King John and his main men: the barons and bishops. Dispute grew between the barons and bishops and King John over taxes and disputes with the Pope. 

The barons chose their time to put John under pressure. John had lost a battle against the French, been excommunicated by the Pope (1209–1213), and feared civil war at home. He met the barons at Runnymede, 20 miles south-west of London, in June 1215. The negotiation was managed by John's half-brother, William Longspée, and Elias of Dereham, steward to the Archbishop of Canterbury, Stephen Langton. 

The content of the Carta was designed to re-balance power between the King and his subjects, but especially between John and the barons. When King John set his seal on Magna Carta he conceded the fundamental principle that even as king he was not above the law. That meant kings would not have as much power as they did before. The Carta also laid down rules of inheritance, and that convictions required some kind of official process. It stated that people had rights not to be unlawfully imprisoned. In other words, the king is bound to rule within the law. 

Thirteen original copies of the Carta were made and distributed. Only four survive today. The four copies are in The British Library, The Bodleian Library, Lincoln Castle and Salisbury Cathedral. The Magna Carta was sent out again in 1220 by Henry III. In 2009 UNESCO recognized it in its "Memory of the World" register. The British Library brought all four copies together in February 2015, so that scholars could examine them side by side.


Catapult

A catapult is a type of machine used as a weapon to throw rocks, large arrows, or other things such as hot tar, that would cause damage to something else. Often, catapults were set on higher ground or on castle towers to let them shoot farther. They shot rocks to break castle walls, or pitch or hot tar to set the target on fire.

Catapults use weights and levers to send the rocks or other things into the air. They do not throw as far as modern weapons do, and are not useful in modern warfare. Catapults were common in the past, especially the Middle Ages.

Nowadays catapults are used to study old weapons, and as experiments (for example in physics or engineering classes). Some old ones are kept in museums.

Aircraft carriers use much more powerful steam catapults to throw airplanes into the air.


1552

Year 1552 (MDLII) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.



1562

Year 1562 was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.




1563

Year 1563 (MDLXIII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.



Minuet

A minuet is a dance which was popular in the 18th and 19th centuries in France. It was danced by the aristocracy, especially at the court of King Louis XIV.

Sometimes the French spelling menuet is used, or the Italian minuetto. It was a moderate or slow dance. There were always three beats in a bar (3/4 time).

Composers liked the music of the minuet and often wrote them just as pieces of music for a keyboard or other instruments. Composers like Bach and Handel included them in their suites (collection of dance movements). Lully started to put them in his operas, often in pairs: Minuet I, Minuet II, then Minuet I repeated. Often the second minuet would be played by three instruments, so it was called a trio.

In the Classical music period the minuet and trio were used in symphonies and sonatas. They usually formed the third movement of a four movement work. Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven all wrote minuets and trios. Gradually the minuets became faster so that they were called scherzos. By the 19th century the waltz had become fashionable among the new middle class. The polite minuet went out of fashion.

Scherzo

A Scherzo is a piece of music which is quite fast. In the 19th century Romantic composers started to write scherzos in their symphonies and sonatas instead of the traditional minuets. They are similar to a minuet, always with three beats in a bar, but they are faster and less "polite". Some composers like Chopin and Brahms wrote scherzos as separate pieces for the piano.

1592

1592 (MDXCII) was a leap year that began on Wednesday.




1595

Year 1595 (MDXCV) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar.





1599

1599 was a common year which started on Friday.


Griffin

The griffin (also called gryphon, gryphen, griffon, griffen, and gryphin), is a legendary creature. It has the head, front legs, and wings of an eagle. The rest of the body looks like a part of a lion.

In the past griffin was a symbol of strength and dexterity. It often looked after a treasure.

The Griffin is used as the symbol for Brisbane Waters Secondary College on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia. following the griffin is the Collegiate phrase "Strength Through Unity"

Chordate

Chordates, phylum Chordata, are a phylum of animals which have a notochord. The group includes vertebrates, with some closely related invertebrates.


Note: Lines show likely evolutionary relationships. Extinct groups are marked with a "†". Extinct animals are ones that have completely died out.

According to a long-standing theory, the origin of chordates may be found in transformed larvae of sea-squirts (tunicates). Adult tunicates are sessile, but their larvae are motile, and have some features found in early vertebrates. The process of paedomorphosis, where juvenile features are retained in the adult, is the proposed mechanism. Genome analysis shows that tunicates are the closest living relatives of vertebrates.


Sanlucar la Mayor

Sanlúcar la Mayor is a Spanish town in the Province of Sevilla. It has a population of 11,762 and is 137 km² in area.

Pyrolysis

Pyrolysis is the chemical breakdown of compounds, which contain carbon, by heat. Pyrolysis happens under pressure and if the temperature is above 430 °C (800 °F). It is normally used for organic things, and is involved in charring. 

Uri (canton)

Uri is one of the twenty-six cantons of Switzerland. Cantons are like states, provinces, or territories, but Swiss. 35,000 people live there. William Tell is from there.

The municipalities of the canton of Uri are: Altdorf, Andermatt, Attinghausen, Bauen, Bürglen, Erstfeld, Flüelen, Göschenen, Gurtnellen, Hospental, Isenthal, Realp, Schattdorf, Seedorf, Seelisberg, Silenen, Sisikon, Spiringen, Unterschächen, Wassen


Michael Ende

Michael Andreas Helmuth Ende (12 November 1929 – 28 August 1995) was a German writer of fantasy and children's fiction. He was born in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria. He wrote fantasy books for children. He died of stomach cancer in Filderstadt, Baden-Wuerttemberg.


 

Applet

An applet is a computer program that can be run inside a web browser. Most of the time, applets are written in Java. They are used to display a scrolling menu on a website, for example, the applet is also used to show some applications. In Java, there is a class called "Applet," which is extended when writing applets.

Veneto

Veneto is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in northeastern Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is Venice.

The region is in Northeast Italy, bordered to the north by the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region (and Austria in the northeastern corner), to the east by the Friuli Venezia Giulia region, to the southeast and south by the Adriatic Sea, to the southwest by the Emilia-Romagna region, and to the west by the Lombardy region.

Veneto is the 8th largest region in Italy, with a total area of . The main river in the region is the Po. The highest mountain in the region is Marmolada (), in the Belluno province, with an altitude of .

Veneto is divided in a Metropolitan City (Venice) and six provinces:

The 10 communi with more people living in it are:

Molise

Molise is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in Southern Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is the city of Campobasso.

Molise previously formed, with the Abruzzo region, the old region of "Abruzzi e Molise". Molise was separated from that region in 1963, making Molise the youngest region in Italy.

The region is located in South Italy bordered by Abruzzo to the north, Lazio to the west, Campania to the south, Apulia to the southeast and the Adriatic Sea to the east.

Molise, with a total area of , is the second smallest region after Valle d'Aosta. The main rivers in the region are:

The highest mountain in the region is La Meta (its eastern summit) (), in the Isernia province, with an altitude of .

Molise is divided into two provinces:

The 10 communi of the region with more people living in it are:


Philippine Sea

The Philippine Sea is the body of water east of the Philippines and Taiwan. It is a part of the western end of the Pacific Ocean. The Philippine Sea is bounded by china Japan to the north, the Marianas to the east and Palau to the south.

It straddles on the Philippine Plate. 


Visayas

The Visayas or Visayan Islands (Cebuano and Wáray-Wáray: "Kabisay-an", Tagalog: "Kabisayaan", Spanich: "Bisayas"), is one of the three principal geographical divisions of the Philippines; the other two divisions are Mindanao, to the south, and Luzon, to the north.

People living in this islands are called "Visayans".

The Visayas consists of several islands in central Philippines around the Visayan Sea, with the Philippine Sea to the east and the Sulu Sea to the west.

The main islands (and area) are:

Administratively, the Visayas is divided into 3 regions: Western Visayas, Central Visayas and Eastern Visayas. Each region is headed by a Regional Director.

The Visayas is composed of 16 provinces, each headed by a governor.

Western Visayas consists of the islands of Panay and the western half of Negros; it has a population, in 2010, of 7,102,438. The regional center is Iloilo City. Its provinces are:

Central Visayas includes the islands of Cebu and Bohol and the eastern half of Negros; it has a population, in 2010, of 6,800,180. The regional center is Cebu City. Its provinces are:

Eastern Visayas consists of the islands of Leyte and Samar; it has a population, in 2010, of 4,101,322. The regional center is Tacloban. Its provinces are:


Tuscany

Tuscany (Italian: "Toscana") is a region in the center of Italy. It has an area of 22,990 km² and a population of about 3.6 million people (in 2004). The capital is Florence. 

Tuscany is known for its landscapes and its artistic legacy. Six Tuscan localities have been made UNESCO protected sites: the historical center of Florence (1982), the historical center of Siena (1995), the square of the Cathedral of Pisa (1987), the historical center of San Gimignano (1990), the historical center of Pienza (1996) and the Val d'Orcia (2004).

Tuscany borders Emilia-Romagna to the north, Liguria to the north-west, Tyrrhenian Sea to the west, Umbria and Marche to the east, and Lazio to the south-east. The territory is two thirds hilly and one fourth mountainous. The rest is made up of the plains that form the valley of the Arno River.

Tuscany is known for its wines (the most famous of which are Chianti, Morellino di Scansano, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, and Brunello di Montalcino) and has 120 protected regions (nature reserves). Other agricultural products include cattle (particularly the famous "Fiorentina" steak) and the production of olive oil, principally in Lucca.

The subsoil in Tuscany is rich in mineral resources. There are iron ore, copper, mercury and lignite mines, the famous "soffioni" (fumarole) at Larderello, and the vast marble mines in Versilia. Although its share is falling, agriculture is still important. In the region's inland areas, cereals, potatoes, olives and grapes are grown. The swamplands, which used to be marshy, now produce vegetables, rice, tobacco, beets and sunflowers.

Tourism is important to the so-called "Cities of Art" (Florence, Arezzo, Lucca, Pisa, Siena, San Gimignano), as well as on the coast and in the isles (Elba).

In the 1980s and 1990s the region attracted an intense influx of immigrants, in particular from China and Northern Africa. There is also a significant community of British and Americans. As of 2006, the Italian national institute of statistics ISTAT estimated that 215,490 foreign-born immigrants live in Tuscany, about 5.9% of the people in Tuscany.

Towns of Tuscany with a population of 50,000 or more:




1484

1484 was a leap year.

Austronesian languages

The Austronesian languages are a language family. They were originally spoken in Southeast Asia and on islands in the Pacific Ocean.


Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints

The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (FLDS) is a religious group. It broke from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, a Mormon movement, in the 19th or early 20th century. In 1890, the Latter-Day Saints stopped accepting polygamy.

A few people who believed polygamy was an important part of their religion started the new church. They taught that a man needs more than one wife to be able to get to heaven.

It is believed the church had about 10,000 members in 2009. These live in the sister cities of Hildale, Utah and Colorado City, Arizona; as well as Eldorado, Texas; Westcliffe, Colorado; Mancos, Colorado; Creston and Bountiful, British Columbia; and Pringle, South Dakota.

The church has been in the news because its leader, Warren Steed Jeffs was arrested in southern Nevada in August 2006. Jeffs was arrested because he was accused of rape and molestation. At the time, Jeffs was on the FBI's Ten Most-Wanted list.

There has been another incident in 2008.
Beginning April 4, 2008, over a four-day period, troopers and child welfare officials searched the church's ranch. They took 416 children into the temporary custody of the State of Texas. Originally officials from the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services took 18 girls into temporary custody of the state. They acted because of a phone call from the ranch- it looks like a 16-year-old girl called the police to report she had been raped. She also said she had been married at age 15 to a 49-year-old man, Dale Evans Barlow. On the following day, Judge Barbara Walther of the 51st District Court issued an order authorizing officials to remove all children, including boys, 17 years old and under out of the compound. The children were being held by the Child Protective Services 45 miles away, north of the ranch. 133 women also voluntarily left the ranch with the children. The 16-year-old girl who alerted the authorities could not be located at the time of the raid. It looks like the call was made by a woman in her thirties, who gave a false identity. This woman is known by local police, as she has done similar things before. The woman was arrested for making the call (that triggered the raid) in April.

Biological classification

Biological classification is how biologists group organisms.

The classification has its root in the work of Aristotle who invented a multi-ranked system. A great influence was Carolus Linnaeus, who popularized the idea of binomial nomenclature using a two-part name indicating the genus, and the species. The human species is named "Homo sapiens". Names of species are often printed in italics, although there is no obligation to do so (this also goes for names of genera, etc., etc.)

Biological classification is also known as taxonomy. It is a science, and like most sciences has evolved over time. At various times different principles were used, and it is not rare for different scientists to use different methods. Since the early 20th century, groupings are supposed to fit the Darwinian principle of common descent. These days, molecular evolution studies, which use DNA sequence analysis as data, are popular. This is often called "phylogenetics", a branch or form of cladism. This approach creates an evolutionary Tree of life (biology) and uses characters (traits) to decide on the branches of the taxonomy.

Sometimes organisms placed in the same group (taxon) are similar; such similarity may be the result of shared descent from a common ancestor.

Homologous traits are similarities caused by common ancestry. They are distinct from traits that are analogous. Birds and bats both can fly, but this is not used to classify them together, because it is not inherited from a common ancestor.

In spite of all the other differences between them, the fact that bats and whales both feed their young on milk is one of the features used to classify both as mammals, since it was inherited from a common ancestor.

When the present system of naming living things was developed, Latin was the language most widely used around the world. So, such names are still in Latin. Latin is also used presently because it is a dead language, so it never changes. The official descriptions and diagnoses of new taxa in Latin are written in Latin as well. Zoologists allow any language for the description of animals. From January 1, 2012, new taxa of algae, fungi and plants may be described in either English or Latin.

Taxa above the genus level are often given names based on a "type genus", with a standard suffix. The suffixes used in forming these names depend on the kingdom, and sometimes the phylum and class, as set out in the table below.


Kingdom (biology)

Kingdom is the highest rank, after the domain, which is normally used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms. Each kingdom is split into phyla.

There are 5 to 7 kingdoms in taxonomy. Every living thing comes under one of these kingdoms and some symbionts, such as lichen, come under two. There are at least:


The kingdom-level classification of life is still widely employed as a useful way of grouping organisms. Sometimes entries in the table, which are next to each other, do not match perfectly. For example, Haeckel placed the red algae (Haeckel's Florideae; modern Rhodophyta) and blue-green algae (Haeckel's Archephyta; modern Cyanobacteria) in his Plantae, but in modern classifications they are considered protists and bacteria respectively. However, despite these differences, the table gives a useful summary.



Class (biology)

A class is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms. Each class is split into orders. There are multiple classes in each phylum. Mammals, for example, are one of several classes within the Vertebrates, and are subdivided into Monotremes, Marsupials, and Eutheria.

Ranks below class and above order are often used. Then the sequence is:


Order (biology)

An order is a rank used in the biological taxonomy. Each order is split into families. There are many orders in each class. A group of closely related families forms an order. The similar characters are less in number as compared to different genera included in family.


Family (biology)

In biology, a family is a taxonomic rank. Each family contains one or more genera. The next higher rank is that of order.

Usually, the name of the family ends with a ""idae"" for animals, and ""aceae"" for plants. Sometimes there are also subfamilies and superfamilies. Subfamilies end with ""inae"" or ""oideae"".

For example, walnuts (genus "Juglans") and hickories (genus "Carya") both belong to the walnut family (the "Juglandaceae").

Life is the most important concept in biology. The word itself refers to a living being or to its processes. It may mean the time a being is alive.

A domain is the highest taxonomic rank of all living organisms taken together. It was introduced in the three-domain system of taxonomy by Carl Woese, Otto Kandler and Mark Wheelis in 1990.

Kingdom is the highest level of classification, which is divided into subgroups at various levels. There are five kingdoms in which the living organisms are classified, namely, Animalia, Plantae, Fungi, Protista, and Monera.

Phylum is the next level of classification and is more specific than the kingdom. There are 35 phyla in kingdom Animalia. For Example – Porifera, Chordata, Arthropoda, etc.

Class was the most general rank in the taxonomic hierarchy until phyla were introduced. Kingdom Animalia includes 108 classes including class Mammalia, Reptilia, Aves, etc. However, the classes used today are different from those proposed by Linnaeus and are not used frequently. For example, when it was discovered that birds are descendants of earlier dinosaurs, that caused some difficulties. In fact they are now so different from the original dinosaurs that it makes sense to teach and refer to them separately from dinosaurs.

Order is a more specific rank than class. The order constitutes one or more than one similar families. There are around 26 orders in class Mammalia such as Primates, Carnivora, etc.

Family is a category of taxonomic hierarchy includes various genera that share a few similarities. For e.g., the families in the order Carnivora include Canidae, Felidae, Ursidae, etc.

A genus is a group of similar species. Some genera have only one species and are known as monotypic, whereas others have more than one species and are known as polytypic. For example, lion and tiger are placed under the genus "Panthera"

Species is the lowest level of taxonomic hierarchy. There are about 8.7 million different species on Earth. The word refers to a group of organisms that are similar in shape, form, reproductive features. Species can be further divided into sub-species.

Digestion

Digestion is the process of breaking down food to absorb it. Food is broken down into smaller pieces, which are soluble in water. Only then can the food be absorbed into the bloodstream.

Digestion happens in three phases. Mechanical digestion is the physical breakdown of large pieces of food into smaller pieces, which are made by digestive enzymes. In chemical digestion, enzymes break down food into the small molecules the body can use. Finally, the nutrients are absorbed into the blood stream. Once in the blood stream, the nutrients are taken to the liver, which is a kind of chemical factory for the body.

After we swallow food, it travels down a muscular tube to the stomach. There, it is mashed into a mixture like soup. The mixture passes into the small intestine, where tiny bits of food pass into the bloodstream. The food that is still left goes into the large intestine. Finally, waste products leave the body. Digestion usually takes about 18 hours. Food stays in the stomach for about three hours. If uncoiled, the small intestine would be about six meters (20 feet) long. Many digestive tracts are about as long as a bus.

Food slowly enters the small intestine from the stomach. This is where nutrients are taken into the blood. It then enters the large intestine. Water is taken away from it. The food that is left is called feces. The feces are stored in the rectum until the waste can leave the body through the anus.



Sight

Sight (also called eyesight or vision) is one of the senses. Having sight means to be able to see. Seeing gives animals knowledge of the world. Some simple animals can only tell light from dark, but with vertebrates, the visual system is able to form images.

The ability to interpret visible light information reaching the eyes is called visual perception. Sight is the resulting perception. The components that are necessary for vision are known as the visual system.

Light enters the animal's eyes, and a part of the eye called the lens sends information from the light to the back part of the eye called the retina. The retina is composed of light-sensitive cells which fire a signal down the optic nerve when light hits the cell. The optic nerve is a bundle of nerve fibres from all over the retina.

When the information from the light leaves the retina, it goes to the brain. It travels along the optic chiasma until it reaches the optic cortex at the rear of the brain. The information is then processed to find out the shapes and colours of objects. From that and from memory, it can tell of what kind the object is. For example, it can somehow tell a tree from a house. The path on which this kind of information flows is called "ventral stream".

The brain can also tell where objects are. For example, it can tell how far away an object is (this is called depth perception). This is needed when catching a ball. The path on which this kind of information flows is called "dorsal stream".

The major problem in visual perception is that what people see is not simply a translation of an image on the retina. For one thing, we see the world right side up, even though the image on the retina is upside down (because it has passed through the lens). Therefore, it is difficult to explain what happens to create what we actually see. The key, which took centuries to be appreciated, is that the brain works on the data from the eyes, and marries it with memories and guesses, all at lightning speed. The result is an experience of the world which looks to each person as if it were simple reality. However, although based on reality, it is actually a mental construct, built by the brain.

Many figures in the ancient world had ideas about vision. Plato, Aristotle, Euclid, Ptolemy and Galen all had their ideas, but most of these ideas were speculation. They were not based on any scientific method.

Alhazen (965–c. 1040) carried out investigations and experiments on visual perception. He extended the work of Ptolemy on binocular vision, and commented on the anatomical works of Galen.

Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) is believed to be the first to recognize the special optical qualities of the eye. He wrote "The function of the human eye ... was described by a large number of authors in a certain way. But I found it to be completely different". His main experimental finding was that there is only a distinct and clear vision at the line of sight, the optical line that ends at the fovea. Although he did not use these words literally he actually is the father of the modern distinction between foveal and peripheral vision.

Hermann von Helmholtz examined the human eye and concluded that it was, optically, rather poor. The poor-quality information gathered by the eye seemed to him to make vision impossible. So he thought vision could only be the result of some form of unconscious inferences. As well as information from the eyes, the brain used information from previous experiences. The world as experienced is built up from assumptions and conclusions from incomplete data, using prior experience of the world.

Examples of well-known assumptions, based on visual experience, are:

The study of visual illusions (cases when the inference process goes wrong) has yielded much insight into what sort of assumptions the visual system makes.



Pharynx

The pharynx is an organ in the back of the throat. It is also the meeting point of the digestive and the respiratory systems. The opening of the respiratory system in the pharynx is called the glottis. It is guarded by a cartilagenous flap called the epiglottis which prevents food or liquid from going into the respiratory system. It closes during swallowing action. As such, it is part of the gastrointestinal system. It comes after the mouth and before the esophagus. Food and air go through the pharynx. The pharynx keeps food and liquids out of the lungs. 
The pharynx has 3 parts: 

Jejunum

The jejunum is a section of the small intestine between the duodenum and the ileum. It is between 1 and 2 meters long.The term "jejunum" derives from the Latin "jejunus," which means "empty of food," "meager," or "hungry." The ancient Greeks noticed at death that this part of the intestine was always empty of food. Hence, the name the jejunum. 

The Latin "jejunus" also gave rise to "jejune" means lacking in nutritive value and devoid of substance, significance or interest, that is dull. A jejune argument is one that is empty (like the jejunum) and totally devoid of interest. 

Famous quote..."Have You Ever Been Punched in The Jejunum?"

Ileum

The ileum is the last section of the small intestine. It is between 2 and 4 meters long in humans.

Cecum

The cecum is a part of the large intestine. It helps with fermenting dietary fiber. It comes before the colon and after the ileum in the gastrointestinal system. The appendix is connected to the cecum. The size of the cecum varies in humans and other omnivores but it is large in herbivores and small in most carnivores. 

Romano Prodi

Romano Prodi (born 9 August 1939 in Scandiano, Italy) is an Italian politician and leader of a left-wing coalition named "L'unione" (The Union).

Prodi was "President of the Council of Ministers", that is, Prime Minister of Italy between 1996 and 1998. 

He then served as President of the European Commission from 1999 to 2004. 

He was re-elected Prime Minister of Italy for a second time in 2006, when he defeated Silvio Berlusconi, leader of the right-wing coalition named "Casa delle Libertà" (House of Freedom).

2013

2013 (twenty thirteen or two thousand thirteen) (MMXIII) was . It was the first year since 1987 to have all four of its digits being different numbers.





















Basilicata

Basilicata is a region in the south of Italy. The capital is Potenza. The population was about 597,768 in 2004. The region is very mountainous. Because of this, communication in the area was very difficult until modern times. This has also caused Basilicata to be one of the least developed areas of Italy. Basilicata borders the Tyrrhenian Sea and the Gulf of Taranto at its lowest elevations. The highest point in the area is Monte Pollino at 2233m (7325ft). The area also includes a dead volcano, Monte Vulture. The region has an area of .
Basilicata also used to be one of the poorest regions in Italy. It has become richer over the past couple of years because of the discovery of oil.

Basilicata is divided into two provinces. 


Campania

Campania is a region of the south of Italy. The capital is Napoli. The population in 2021 was about 5,679,759.



Emilia-Romagna

Emilia-Romagna (Emilian: "Emégglia-Rumâgna", "Emîlia-Rumâgna", Romagnol: "Emélia-Rumâgna") is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in northeast Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is Bologna.

The region is in Northern Italy with an area of . It is bordered to the north by the Veneto and Lombardy regions, to the northwest by the Piedmont and Liguria regions, to the west by the Tuscany, to the south by the Marche region and the republic of San Marino, and the Adriatic Sea to the east.

The main river in the region is the Po. The highest mountain in the region is Monte Cimone, in the northern Apennines, with an altitude of .

Emilia-Romagna has nine provinces grouped in two historical regions:

The 10 communi with more people living in it are:

Vasil Levski

Vasil Levski is a Bulgarian hero. He was born in Karlovo, Bulgaria in 1837. His real name is Vasil Ivanov Kuncev and "Levski" was his nickname. His father's name was Ivan Kuncev. Vasil Levski struggled for independence of Bulgaria from the Ottoman Empire. He was executed in 1873.

CP/M

CP/M (Control Program for Microcomputers) was an Operating System for computers used in the 1970s and early 1980. Originally, it supported up to 64 kb of main memory. It was command-line based, and came before MS-DOS.

Batter

Batter may mean:

Sana'a

Sana'a or Sanˤā' (, romanized as Ṣanʻāʼ or Sanaa), is the capital city of Yemen and the center of Sana'a Governorate. It had a population of 1,747,627 (as of 2004). In the 2010s it became a battlefield in the Civil War and the government moved to Aden.

Astrid Lindgren

Astrid Anna Emilia Lindgren (born Astrid Ericsson; November 14, 1907 – January 28, 2002) was a famous Swedish writer. She wrote many books for children. She had a son named Lars.

Astrid Lindgren grew up in Näs, near Vimmerby, Småland, and many of her books are based on her family and childhood memories. However, Pippi Longstocking, her most famous character, was invented for her daughter Karin, who was, at the time, ill and had to stay in the bed.

Lindgren was the daughter of Samuel August Ericsson and Hanna Johnsson. She had two sisters. Her brother, Gunnar Ericsson, was a member of the Swedish parliament. She finished the school and took a job with the a local newspaper in Vimmerby. When she became pregnant with the chief editor's child in 1926, he proposed marriage. She did not accept, and moved to Stockholm, learning to become a typist and stenographer. There she gave birth to her son Lars in Copenhagen and left him with another family to care for him.

Although poorly paid, she saved whatever she could and travelled as often as possible to Copenhagen to be with Lars; often just over a weekend, spending most of her time on the train back and forth. Eventually, she managed to bring Lars home, leaving him in the care of her parents until she could afford to raise him in Stockholm. In 1931 she married her boss, Sture Lindgren (1898-1952). Three years later, in 1934, Lindgren gave birth to her second child, Karin, who later became a translator. The family moved in 1941 to an apartment on Dalagatan, with a view over Vasaparken, where Astrid lived until her death.

Astrid Lindgren died in 2002, at the age of 94.

In 1976, they had a scandal in Sweden when Lindgren's had to pay taxes 102% of her income. This is known as the "Pomperipossa effect" from a story, which she published in "Expressen" on 3 March 1976. 
Astrid Lindgren was well known both for her support for children's and animal rights, and for her opposition to corporal punishment. In 1994, she received the Right Livelihood Award (also known as the Alternative Nobel Prize), "...For her commitment to justice, non-violence and understanding of minorities as well as her love and caring for nature."

Some of her books include:


1. ^ John-Henri, Holmberg (1997/1999), "Scandinavia", in Clute, John, and John Grant, The Encyclopedia of Fantasy, New York: St. Martin's Griffin, pp. 841 .

Cantabria

Cantabria is a region in the north of Spain. It has 563,000 people living in it. In Cantabria most people speak Spanish. The people of Cantabria have autonomy in Spain, which means they have their own local government and much control over their region. The capital is Santander. This city is on the coast of the Cantabrian Sea and is very popular with tourists. Cantabria belongs to the Green Spain, the name given to the strip of land between the Cantabrian Sea and the Cantabrian Mountains in northern Spain.

Many different examples of prehistoric cave art have been found, suggesting the Cantabrian culture is at least 15,000 years old. Cave art is the best known feature of the Cantabrian life. The latest round of systematic cave explorations began in the early 1970s. Now new art can be discovered every year. Some of the cave art is engraved, and others are painted. Much of the cave art is of animals. There are often pictures of red deer found from this area of Spain. There are also other unusual symbols that can be found. This attracts much interest and many tourists to this culture. The Cantabrian life revolves mainly around art, tourism, and fishing. Rich deposits of coal, iron, and zinc are also mined in the Cantabrian Mountains. Tourism is a very large part of the Cantabrian life, and their economic success.
Cantabria is known for a rainy and cool climate. The region is also greener than southern Spain and is very mountainous.

Civil Aviation Authority

The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA), is the publicly owned organisation in charge of flying (Aviation) in the United Kingdom. It was created in 1972, doing the tasks previously done by the Department of Transport.

This means it is in charge of:

The CAA no longer provides air traffic control services (ATC), this responsibility was passed to a private company called National Air Traffic Services (NATS) in 2001 which the government owns 49% of.

Some other duties have passed to the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), such as type certification. CAA-UK is part of the rulemaking group of the EASA.

Apulia

(; ; ) is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in southern Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is Bari.

Its southernmost portion, known as Salento peninsula, has the shape of a high heel on the "boot" of Italy.

Apulia is in Southern Italy. It has an area of . There are 4,077,166 people living in the region, for a density of .

The region is bordered by Molise to the northwest, Campania to the west, Basilicata to the southwest, the Strait of Otranto and the Ionian Sea to the southeast, the Gulf of Taranto to the south, and the Adriatic Sea to north and to the east.

The region is divided into six provinces:


Belluno

Belluno (, , ) is a "comune" and city in the Veneto region, in Northeast Italy. Belluno is the capital of the province of the same name. The city is about north of Venice.

The town is near the confluence of the Piave river with the small river "Ardo". To the north of the town is the "Schiara", a group of mountains. To the south, the foothills of the Alps separate Belluno from the plain of the Veneto. The most northern part of the "comune" is in the "Dolomiti Bellunesi National Park" ().

The "comune" of Belluno has an area of and its altitude is .

Belluno borders with the following "comuni"ː Alpago, Limana, Longarone, Ponte nelle Alpi, Sedico, Sospirolo, Vittorio Veneto (in the Treviso province).

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Belluno: Anconetta, Antole, Bes, Bolzano, Caleipo, Castion, Castoi, Cet, Cirvoi, Col di Salce, Faverga, Fiammoi, Giamosa, Giazzoi, Gioz, Levego, Madeago, Mares, Mier, Nevegàl, Nogarè, Orzes, Rivamaor, Safforze, Sagrogna, Sala, Salce, San Fermo, San Pietro in Campo, Sois, Sopracroda, Sossai, Tisoi, Veneggia, Vezzano, Vignole, Visome.

, there are 35,870 persons living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Belluno

Belluno is twinned with:



Vicenza

Vicenza is a "comune" and city in the Veneto region, in Northeast Italy. Vicenza is the capital of the province of the same name. The city is about west of Venice, the capital of the region, and east of Milan.

Vicenza is a cosmopolitan city, with a rich history and culture, and many museums, art galleries, piazzas, villas, churches and elegant Renaissance "palazzi". With the "Palladian Villas of the Veneto" in the surrounding area, and his renowned "Teatro Olimpico" (Olympic Theater), Vicenza has been listed as an UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1994.

The city is also known as the "City of Palladio" after Andrea Palladio, an architect that designed and built several important buildings in Vicenza and other cities.

Vicenza is at the confluence of the "Bacchiglione" river with its tributary "Retrone".The "comune" of Vicenza has an area of to the north of the "Berici Hills". Its average altitude is .

The southern part of the city is flat with an elevation of above sea level. The historical centre is among the meanders of the Bacchiglione river and of its tributaries with an elevation of above sea level. To the south there is also an area with hills belonging to the Berici Hills with a top elevation of above sea level

Vicenza borders with the following "comuni"ː Altavilla Vicentina, Arcugnano, Bolzano Vicentino, Caldogno, Costabissara, Creazzo, Dueville, Longare, Monteviale, Monticello Conte Otto, Quinto Vicentino and Torri di Quartesolo.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Vicenza: Anconetta, Bertesina, Bertesinella, Bugano, Campedello, Casale, Debba, Longara, Maddalene, Ospedaletto, Polegge, San Pietro Intrigogna, Santa Croce Bigolina, Tormeno.

The climate of Vicenza is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Vicenza is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Vicenza is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

, there are 112,953 persons living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Vicenza

Vicenza is twinned with:


Rovigo

Rovigo is an Italian city in Veneto. It has a population of about 50,883 inhabitants.

L'Aquila

L'Aquila is an Italian city.
It has about 71,989 inhabitants. It is the capital of Abruzzo.

It is on a hill in the valley of the Aterno river. It is circled by the Apennine Mountains. The Financial Times, an important newspaper, wrote that L'Aquila is "the most handsome city of Abruzzo".

It is a very old town, full of beautiful buildings and churches. It has a university.

Emperor Frederick II founded this town. He told the people of 99 villages to move in the new town. Frederick's son, Conrad IV of Germany finished the town in 1254. When Conrad died, his brother Manfred destroyed the town in 1259. Charles I of Anjou, king of Sicily, built it again soon.

It became soon the second city of the Kingdom of Naples.

The city of L'Aquila had much power because the 99 original villages helped it. Each village owned a borough (a small part of the town) and the borough was a part of the mother-village. That is also why the number 99 is so important in the history of L'Aquila.

The people also built a very peculiar monument, the Fountain of the 99 Spouts ("Fontana delle 99 Cannelle").

The city was an important market for the countryside. The saffron (a very important spice) was grown in fields around town; shepherds had millions of sheep near L'Aquila.

After a few years L'Aquila became an important point of communication between cities in and out of the kingdom.

On 29 August 1294, the hermit Pietro del Morrone became pope Celestine V. The ceremony was in the church of Santa Maria di Collemaggio.

To thank the town, Celestine V decided that every year on that day every Christian who went to L'Aquila would be pardoned for his sins (bad actions). This is called Perdonanza, and it still happens every year on August 28 and 29. The Perdonanza is similar to the Jubilee Year, but arrived earlier.

The Perdonanza made the town more rich. But after a long time the plague (a dangerous illness) struck L'Aquila in 1348 and 1363. An earthquake struck it in 1349.

Saint Bernardino of Siena visited L'Aquila two times. The first time he came to preach to King René of Naples. In 1444 he died in the city.

In the 16th century, the Spanish viceroy Philibert van Oranje destroyed L'Aquila again. After this, he built a Castle.

Another earthquake damaged again the city in 1703. Another occurred in 2009.

The city is the home of L'Aquila Rugby. This team won the Italian championship five times.

L'Aquila is twinned with these cities:



Chieti

Chieti is a city and "comune" in Southern Italy, east by northeast of Rome. It is the capital of the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region.

Chieti is on a hill between the Aterno-Pescara and the Alento rivers and is near the coast of the Adriatic Sea and the mountains.

Chieti is in the central eastern part of the Abruzzo, at an average altitude of above sea level. It is on a hill that separates the watersheds of the Aterno-Pescara river (to the north) and of the Alentro stream (to the south). The "comune" has an area of .

The city is formed by two main parts:

The "comune" is surrounded by the "comuni" Bucchianico, Casalincontrada, Cepagatti (PE), Francavilla al Mare, Manoppello (PE), Pescara (PE), Ripa Teatina, Rosciano (PE), San Giovanni Teatino and Torrevecchia Teatina.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Chietiː Bascelli, Brecciarola, Buonconsiglio-Fontanella, Carabba, Chieti Scalo, Colle Marcone, Crocifisso, De Laurentis Vallelunga, Fonte Cruciani, Iachini, La Torre, San Martino, San Salvatore, Levante, Tricalle, Sant'Anna, Santa Barbara, Santa Filomena, Selvaiezzi, Vacrone Cascini, Vacrone Colle San Paolo, Vacrone Villa Cisterna, Vallepara, Villa Obletter, Villa Reale.

The people from Chieti are called "Chietini" but also "Teatini" after the old name of the city ().

, there are 51,330 persons living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population


Pescara

Pescara is an Italian city in Abruzzo of 123,400 inhabitants. In 1957, the only Pescara Formula One Grand Prix was held, and won by British driver, Stirling Moss. It was the longest ever Formula One track, using over of local roads. It was first used for motor car racing in 1924, and closed in 1961.

Cryptozoology

Cryptozoology is the study of animals that people think might exist, but can't be proved to exist. It also is the study of animals many scientists think are extinct, but which people sometimes report. Those who study or look for such animals are called "cryptozoologists." Some people call the unproven creatures cryptids. John Wall was the first person to use this word in 1983.


The Mongolian Death Worm is a strange snake-like animal that lives in the Gobi Desert. Scientists do not know if it really exists or not. 

People who report seeing it say it is like a red, fat worm around 2 – 4 feet long. People who live in Mongolia call it "allghoi khorkhoi". These people also say the creature spits yellow poison that will kill you as soon as it touches you and it can produce electricity so powerful that it could kill large animals.

Ankylosaurus

Ankylosaurus magniventris was a type of armoured dinosaur. It was the largest of its type, with a maximum length of 8 metres (26 feet) and height of 2 metres (6 feet).

The body was broad and low-slung and covered in armour. Carnivores, attacking from above, would find no weak points, and the animal could defend itself by using its clubbed tail.

"Ankylosaurus" was a herbivore, like all ankylosaurs. It probably ate ferns and cycads, which were common low-growing plants.

The most obvious feature of "Ankylosaurus" is its armour, consisting of massive knobs and plates of bone, known as osteoderms or bony scutes, embedded in the skin. Osteoderms are also found in the skin of crocodiles, armadillos and some lizards. The bone was probably overlain by a tough, horny layer of keratin. 

These osteoderms ranged greatly in size, from wide, flat plates to small, round nodules. The plates were aligned in regular horizontal rows down the animal's neck, back, and hips, with the many smaller nodules protecting the areas between the large plates. Smaller plates may have been arranged on the limbs and tail. Compared to the slightly more ancient ankylosaurid "Euoplocephalus", the plates of "Ankylosaurus" were smooth in texture, without the high keels found on the armor of the contemporaneous nodosaurid "Edmontonia". A row of flat, triangular spikes may have protruded laterally along each side of the tail. Tough, rounded scales protected the top of the skull, while four large pyramidal horns projected outwards from its rear corners.

Underneath it was covered by normal skin, but to get at it the carnivore would have to turn over an animal weighing up to 6,000 kg (11,000 lb).

"Ankylosaurus" features in the Jurassic Park series of movies. In "", several "Ankylosaurus" flee from a volcanic eruption and at least one is captured by mercenaries. It is later auctioned off to a wealthy Indonesian.

Matera

Matera is a city in the area of Basilicata, in the southern part of Italy. It is the capital of the province of Matera. On October 17, 2014, Matera was declared Italian host of European Capital of Culture for 2019

Potenza

Potenza () is an Italian city in south of Italy, in the region Basilicata. It is the capital of Basilicata and also the center of Potenza province. About 70,000 people live there.

Potenza means strength in Italian.
The altitude of the city center is 819m, thus making it the highest provincial capital in Italy.

Potenza has a cathedral.

Kara Sea

The Kara Sea () is part of the Arctic Ocean. It lies north of Siberia. The Kara Sea is separated from the Barents Sea to the west by the Kara Strait and Novaya Zemlya, and the Laptev Sea to the east by the Severnaya Zemlya.

It is roughly 1,450 kilometres long and 970 kilometres wide. It has an area of around 880,000 km² and an average depth of 110 m.

The Kara receives a large amount of fresh water from the Ob, Yenisei, Pyasina, and Taimyra rivers, so its salinity is very variable.

Its main ports are Novy Port and Dikson and it is important as a fishing ground although the sea is ice-bound for all but two months of the year. Significant discoveries of petroleum and natural gas, an extension of the West Siberian Oil Basin, have been made but have not yet been developed.

There is concern about the levels of nuclear waste the former Soviet Union dumped in the sea which included six nuclear submarine reactors and ten nuclear reactors, and the effect this will have on the marine environment. An International Atomic Energy Agency appraisal showed that releases are low and localised.


Prototheria

The Prototheria is a former subclass of mammals, now no longer in use. The name comes from Greek "prōtos" means 'first', and "thēr", 'beast'. The only surviving animals in this subclass are the Monotremes.

There are two other subclasses, the Metatheria and the Eutheria. Metatheria contains the marsupials. All the other mammals are Eutherian.

Evidence is accumulating that the Prototheria is not a natural group, but alternative suggestions are not yet agreed. The term is not listed in Benton's 4th edition (2015), so it is now a dead term. 

Edvard Munch

Edvard Munch (12 December 1863 – 23 January 1944) was a Norwegian painter and print-maker. He was born in Adalsbruk. He was an expressionist who painted 1789 known paintings. He is well known for his treatment of emotion such as fear. His way of seeing things had a large influence on the expressionism of the 20th century. People saw this treatment as being intense.

During his life, he had success as a painter: He became famous outside Norway, and his paintings got high prices. The National Gallery (Norway) used much money to buy paintings by Munch. He painted a large murals in the "aula" (main room) of Norway's (then) only university.

He had four brothers and sisters. He had followed his mother and sister by being the best artists in their family. While Edvard was still young, his mother and one of his sisters died. But it was when he was thirteen that he really came to like art. The first paintings he did were simple objects like medicine bottles and other objects. Later on, he drew oil paintings.

He went to technical college in 1879 where he learnt how to draw paintings with perspective. However, in 1880, the following year he left the school to become a painter.

He went to the Royal School of Art and Design. This is where he learnt sculpturing and naturalistic painting. This is where he drew his first important portrait of himself and his father.

Munch was ill very often. Many scientists think that he suffered from bipolar disorder (manic depression). He died at his house in Oslo.

"The Scream" (1893; originally called "Despair"). This is Munch's best-known painting, and is one of the best known images in the world. It is one of the pieces in a series titled "The Frieze of Life". In the series Munch explored the themes of life, love, fear, death and melancholy. As with many of his works, he made several versions of the painting. One version was stolen from the "Munch-museum" in Oslo, Norway, on 22 August 2004, but on 31 August 2006 Norwegian police found it together with another picture that was stolen at the same time, "Madonna".

"The Frieze of Life" themes come back throughout Munch's work. These themes can be seen in paintings such as "The Sick Child" (1886, portrait of his deceased sister Sophie), (1893–1894), "Ashes" (1894), and "The Bridge". The last-named shows limp figures. Those figures have faces with no features, or they have no faces at all. Threatening shapes of heavy trees and houses are above the figures. Munch portrayed women either as frail, innocent sufferers or as lurid, life-devouring vampires. Munch analysts say this reflects his sexual anxieties.


Munch and bipolar disorder:

Sex education

Sex education is telling people about sexual intercourse. Usually, parents tell their children when they reach puberty. This usually includes things like how to make babies, how to protect against unwanted pregnancies, and how not to get any of the sexually transmitted diseases there are. In many cultures speaking about sex or sexual education is a taboo.

Some level of sex education is also done in school; in many places, the government passed laws that say that sex education must be done in school. Some parts of sex education vary by culture, e.g. the moral and ethic aspects. 


Bedroom

The bedroom is a room where people sleep. A bedroom mainly has a bed and drawers or other storage for clothes. Many bedrooms also have a closet and nightstand. Some houses have more than one bedroom, and the biggest one is called a master bedroom. A master bedroom may have an attached bathroom called an ensuite.

Marche

Marche is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in Central Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is the city of Ancona.

The region is located in Central Italy bordered by Emilia-Romagna and the republic of San Marino to the north, Tuscany to the west, Umbria to the southwest, Abruzzo and Lazio to the south, and the Adriatic Sea to the east.

Marche is the 15th largest region in Italy, with a total area of . The main rivers in the region are:

The Nera river is long but is a tributary of the Tiber and flows mainly in the Lazio region.

The highest mountain in the region is Monte Vettore, in the Ascoli Piceno province, with an altitude of .

The region is divided into five provinces:

The 10 communi with more people living in it are:



Umbria

Umbria is one of the twenty regions of Italy, in center Italy. It is the one of the smallest Italian region. Its capital is Perugia.

It is the only region without a coastline or a border with another country.

The region is located in Central Italy with an area of . It is bordered by Marche to the east and northeast, Tuscany to the west and northwest, and Lazio to the south and southwest.

The main river in the region is the Tiber. Other important rivers are the Nera, Paglia, Topino, Chiascio and Nestore.

The largest lake of Umbria is the Trasimeno, one of the largest lake of Italy.

The highest mountain in the region is Cima del Redentore, in the Sibillini Mountains (), with an altitude of .

Umbria is divided into two provinces:

The 10 communi with more people living in it are:

Aosta Valley

Valle d'Aosta (Val d'Aosta or Val d'Aoste) is a mountainous region in the northwest. In the English language it is usually called the "Aosta Valley".

The region has two official name: "Regione Autonoma Valle d'Aosta" (in Italian) and "Région Autonome Vallée d'Aoste" (in French). The capital is Aosta.

The valley goes up towards Mont Blanc. It is the route out of Italy to the North-West. It was used by Roman armies, and the proof is in the archaeological artefacts found in Aosta. The town has been both French and Italian over the past few centuries, and the street names in Aosta are in both languages.

It is the smallest region in Italy, with an area of , and a population of about 126,883. It is the only Italian region which has no provinces. The regional government has taken all the administrative functions of a province. The region is divided into 74 "comuni".

Its frontier to the north is with Switzerland (Canton Valais), to the west with France (region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes), to the south and east with the Italian region of Piedmont.

The Valle d'Aosta is a small valley, the valley of the Dora Baltea river, with some smaller side valleys. It is in the middle of the Alps, surrounded by four of the tallest mountains throughout Italy and Europe:


In the Valle d'Aosta, a region with many mountains and close to the borders with other countries, the mountain passes are very important. Even though now there some tunnels, the passes are important. They add a historical and geographical perspective which is important to tourism and tradition.

The main mountain passes between the Val d'Aosta and other valleys are:

The southern part of the territory is occupied by the Gran Paradiso National Park, created in 1922 to protect plants and animals in danger of extinction.

The valleys were made by glaciers moving at a time when the entire region was covered by them. Currently, glaciers occupy only the highest peaks.

The Dora Baltea () river flows along the whole Valle d'Aosta, from the northwest to the southeast; it is long and is a tributary of the Po river.

The 74 "comuni" - with the exception of Aosta - of the Valle d'Aosta are organized in mountain communities (, ). There are eight mountain communities:

The 10 "comuni" of the Valle d'Aosta with the higher populations (January 2017) are:

A person from the Valle d'Aosta is called a "Valdotian" (, ).

The total population of Valle d'Aosta on 1 January 2017 was 126,883, of which 61,976 were male and 64,907 were female.

Evolution of the population in the Aosta Valley

Italian and French are the region's official languages and are used for the regional government's acts and laws, though Italian is much more widely spoken in everyday life. Of the population of the valley 96% speaks Italian as either a first or second language. Of the population 70% speaks French as either first or second language. School education is given equally in both Italian and French.

The regional language is a dialect of Franco-Provençal called Valdôtain (locally, "patois"). It is spoken as native tongue and as second language by about 58% of the population, according to a poll taken by the Fondation Émile Chanoux in 2002. The residents of the villages of Gressoney-Saint-Jean, Gressoney-La-Trinité and Issime, in the Lys Valley, speak two dialects of Walser German origin called "Titsch" and "Töitschu" respectively.

Mont Blanc

Mont Blanc ("Monte Bianco" in Italian) is a mountain in the Alps. Its height is 4810.90 metres. When Mount Elbrus (5,642 m) in the Caucasus is left out, Mont Blanc is often considered the highest point in Europe.

Mont Blanc is on the Italy/France border.

Shia crescent

The Shia Crescent (sometimes referred to as the "Shiite Crescent") is used as a political and geopolitical term to describe the different countries in the Middle East whose majority is Shia or who have a strong Shia minority in the population. It is often used to describe the rivalry and the potential of a conflict between the Shia majority and Sunni majority countries in the Middle East. 

The countries where Shia Muslims form a dominant majority are Azerbaijan, Iran, Bahrain and Iraq. The shape of these countries put together resembles a crescent or half moon. Large minorities also exist in Turkey, Lebanon, Yemen, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, India, UAE, and Syria. However, Pakistan, India and Azerbaijan are excluded from the Shiite Crescent, and although Shias are a large majority in Azerbaijan, the country is a secular state and the percentage who worship Shia Islam, Islam or any religion are much lower.




Tibet

Tibet (བོད, Böd), also called the Tibet Autonomous Region or the Xizang Autonomous Region, is a province-level autonomous region of the China (PRC). Its capital is Lhasa. The region is commonly referred to as Tibet, but Tibet can also mean any place where the Tibetan culture is local to; Which includes Bhutan, Ladakh, Baltiyul and parts of Nepal.

Tibet's main religion is Buddhism, while many also follows Islam. Their traditions make it a place of interest to many people. The local monks are sometimes said to have special, superhuman abilities. The writings of Tibetan monks are sometimes shared with outsiders, and are known for their insight. The "Tibetan Book of the Dead" contains rituals for the dead and dying, somewhat similar to the Catholic last rites. Some Tibetans practice a religion called Bon. People who study Bon disagree where Bon came from, how old it is, and if it can be called a kind of Buddhism. The religious leader of Tibet's Buddhists is called the Dalai Lama. He was forced to leave the country when the Chinese Army took over. The Dalai Lama presently lives in exile in India, but often visits other countries. Many monks and other religious people also were forced to leave the country, and many of them started Buddhist and Bon centers in cities around the world.

Tibet formed from communities living along the Yarlung Tsangpo, the longest river in Tibet. Namri Songtsen united these communities under one king around 600 CE, with the city of Lhasa becoming capital. His son Songtsen Gampo took control of land beyond Lhasa and the Yarlung Tsangpo and started the Tibetan Empire. Tibetan writers say that Buddhists came to Tibet for the first time while Songtsen Gampo was king. Trisong Detsen, king from 755 to 794 CE, gave a lot of support to Buddhism. He helped build a monastery at Samye, which became very important. During Trisong Detsen's time as king, the Tibetan Empire had control over large areas of land. Tibet's borders touched Central Asia and Afghanistan at the west, Bangladesh at the south, and China at the east. After the king Langdarma was killed in 842, the Tibetan Empire collapsed, and Tibet was no longer united under one king.

In the late 900s and 1000s, people started new Buddhist and Bon traditions. Three of the four schools of Tibetan Buddhism were started during this time, as well as the first Bon monasteries. People who study Tibet's history call this time the Tibetan Renaissance. In 1042, the Indian Buddhist master Atisha came to Tibet. Atisha inspired a reform of Tibet's monasteries and wrote an important guidebook for people to gain enlightenment. These kinds of guidebooks are called lamrim, and all of the lamrim books in Tibet are based on Atisha's book. The largest school of Tibetan Buddhism, the Gelug school, was started by people inspired by Atisha, particularly the monk Tsongkhapa (1357-1419). Tsongkhapa's writings on philosophy became the new norm in Tibet.

The Mongol Empire sent armies to Tibet in 1240, and took control over the country over the next nine years. The Mongols left the running of the country to leaders from the Sakya school of Buddhism. Tibetan Buddhism spread to Mongolia, and today most people in Mongolia are Buddhists as a result. In the mid-1300s, Tibet became independent again, but the Mongols still had some power and influence. In 1577, the Mongol leader Altan Khan gave the leader of the Gelug school the title Dalai Lama. The fifth Dalai Lama was able to gain control of all of Tibet, and the Dalai Lama became not just the leader of the Gelug school but the leader of Tibet as well. During the 1700s, the Qing Empire, based in China, sent armies to Tibet and took official control of Tibet, but the Qing emperors mostly let the Dalai Lama run the country. The Qing emperor Qianlong gave his support to Tibetan Buddhism, allowing new translations of Buddhist books to be made and building new temples. In the late 1800s, the British Empire and Russian Empire began to be interested in having control of Tibet, as it was in the middle of Russian colonies in Central Asia and British colonies in India. Britain sent armies to Tibet in 1903-4. They forced Tibet to agree not to be friendly with Russia. A revolution ended the Qing Empire in 1911, and Tibet became independent again, and was independent for the next thirty-six years.

In 1949, Mao Zedong became the leader of China. Mao and the Chinese leaders thought that China should regain control of Tibet, and in 1950, Chinese troops entered the east of Tibet. Mao Zedong was a communist, and thought that many things about the way Tibetans lived their lives should be different. The Chinese communists did not like how much power the Dalai Lama, the Gelug school, and Buddhist groups in general had over Tibetan society, and they wished to reform how land was owned in Tibet. The changes the Chinese Communist Party made in Tibet were enforced with violence, and Tibetans began to rebel against the Chinese government. The Chinese responded by sending many troops in 1959, forcing the Dalai Lama and thousands of other Tibetans to flee to other countries. The Dalai Lama started a government in exile in India. Between 1959 and 1961, most of Tibet's monasteries were destroyed, and the Chinese Communist Party gained control over Tibetans' lives. China created an administrative division from part of Tibet called the Tibet Autonomous Region in 1965, although ethnic Tibetans have not had much say in the running of this region. The Chinese government has encouraged large numbers of Han Chinese people to settle in Tibet. Groups outside of China such as the Human Rights Watch argue that the Chinese government is oppressing Tibetans and causing them to lose their culture.

Tibet is divided into 2 municipalities (地级市) and five autonomous prefectures (自治州).

Tibetan culture also influences other regions nearby, such as Nepal, Bhutan, parts of eastern Kashmir and some regions in northern most Republic of India, most notably Sikkim, Uttaranchal and Tawang. China claims part of the Indian province of Arunachal Pradesh as South Tibet.

There has been some protests in Tibet since China took control in the 1950s. Most of them have been because of social or economic problems. Some of them have been because there are people who believe Tibet should not be a part of China. To show their resistance, many Tibetans set themselves on fire to put the Chinese government under pressure to become independent again. In 2011, 19 people killed themselves. A railway line, the Qingzang railway, has been built, linking China to Lhasa. Also, rising prices of food, and difficult access to higher education have angered many people. The railway line also raised fears about more migration. This situation has led to some violence against people from outside Tibet. Some of this violence occurs outside Tibet. When it comes to assigning government posts in Tibet, more other nationalities of Chinese seem to be assigned, rather than Tibetans. The Chinese Government claims that if Tibet became independent again, its economy would suffer.



Air gun

An air gun is a gun which uses gas to fire a projectile instead of burning gunpowder that an ordinary gun uses.
The oldest air guns used a bellows to compress (squeeze) air in a tube. When the gun was fired the air was released. The only way for the air to go was by pushing the pellet out. 

A later invention was the spring piston, these can only fire one shot before the spring has to be reset. Newer guns use air or another gas in a small cartridge, these guns can fire many more shots before the cartridge needs to be changed or refilled.

The projectile for an air gun is usually a pellet. Some guns of this sort fire small round pellets call "bb"s. Some people think this means ball bearing, but it does not. The letters bb stood for a size of shot that was used to make shotgun cartridges, This was used in the first bb guns.

The most popular calibres (pellet sizes) for air weapons are mm (also called .177 to .22). In many countries there are strict rules that limit the sales of air guns so not everyone can have one. 

They are not as powerful as other guns but they can still hurt or even kill people. 

Many people enjoy air rifle and pistol shooting either for fun or hunting. In the Olympics and target games, air pistols are used in some of the shooting events.

Carcass

A carcass or corpse is another word for a dead body. The dead body may be of any animal, including Homo sapiens.


Unit circle

In mathematics, a unit circle is a circle with a radius of 1. The equation of the unit circle is formula_1. The unit circle is centered at the Origin, or coordinates (0,0). It is often used in Trigonometry.

In a unit circle, where formula_2 is the angle desired, formula_3 and formula_4 can be defined as formula_5 and formula_6. Using the function of the unit circle, formula_1, another equation for the unit circle is found, formula_8. When working with trigonometric functions, it is mainly useful to use angles with measures between 0 and formula_9 radians, or 0 through 90 degrees. It is possible to have higher angles than that, however. Using the unit circle, two identities can be found: formula_10 and formula_11 for any integer formula_12.

El Al

El Al (; ) is the national airline of Israel. It is the country's flag carrier airline. It also flies to Africa, Asia, Europe and North America. El Al serves 48 destinations. It has only one hub: Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv.

In 1948, after a conference in Geneva, the first President of Israel had to return to Israel with a government aircraft. However, this was not possible. So a C-54 was converted into a civil aircraft and repainted with the "El Al" logo in order to bring back the President to Israel.

El Al became the official Israeli airline in 1948. The first international flight took place in 1949. It flew from Tel Aviv to Paris.
Over its history, El Al has been involved in the following incidents and accidents, involving both the aircraft actually operated by the airline and its outstations abroad. Most of these incidents are related to Palestinian terrorism, particularly in the period between 1968 and 1990, and so incidents are separated by terrorist and non-terrorist incidents. Despite these attacks, EL Al has not lost a passenger on any passenger flight since 1955.

Middle East Airlines

Middle East Airlines is an airline based in Lebanon. It flies between the Middle East, Europe and Africa.

Middle East Airlines opened for business on May 31, 1945. It was opened by Saeb Salam, with support from BOAC. MEA's work started on January 1, 1946 with flights between Beirut and Nicosia. Then its airplanes started to fly to Iraq, Egypt, Syria, and Cyprus. The company bought two Douglas DC-3 planes in mid-1946. Pan American World Airways bought a stake and management contract in September 1949.

Pan Am was replaced when BOAC acquired 49% of MEA's shares in 1955. It merged with Air Liban on 7 June 1963 and took over Lebanese International Airways. 

On September 7, 2006, Israel ended its 8-week long air blockade on Lebanon. A Middle East Airlines plane from Paris flew to the Rafik Hariri International Airport at 6:06 p.m. Lebanese time (3:03 p.m. GMT). MEA resumed its normal flight timetable on September 11, 2006.

Middle East Airlines flies its planes to these countries and their cities (since June 2006):



Blackmail

Blackmail means threatening to say something bad about someone unless that person pays some money.

If someone has committed a crime, another person might blackmail them. The blackmailer might, for example, say that if the criminal does not give them a large amount of money, they will tell the police.

A blackmailer may threaten to say something embarrassing that someone unless they hand over a sum of money. For example, it maybe something about an intimacy that they are having that they do not want everyone to know about.

Sometimes, a business may blackmail another business. They might threaten to harm that business in some way unless money is paid.

Blackmail is against the law. People who are caught blackmailing may be sent to jail.

Blackmail started on the borders of England and Scotland. Blackmail was the money left out by landowners in England so that raiders from Scotland did not steal their animals or damage the property.


Bribery

Bribery means offering something (such as money) to a person in return for some favour which is bad in some way.

The money that is offered is called a bribe, and the verb is to bribe. Active bribery is offering payment and asking for favour, and passive bribery is asking for payment and offering favour. It is still called bribery if the trade is never done.

It is sometimes difficult to decide whether something is a bribe or just a reward. If a father pays his son for washing the car, that is just a reward or payment. However, if a parent pays a child for eating up its dinner, that might be thought of as a bribe because most people would think that is not right.

Bribery can be a crime in more serious cases, such as when a person offers money to hide their own wrongdoing. If a motorist is caught speeding by a policeman and offers the policeman money or a bottle of vodka to persuade him not to report him, that is bribery. If someone wants to take something into a country that is forbidden (or that they would have to pay tax on), they might offer the customs officer a bribe to persuade him to let them through. Some corrupt people will not do their jobs at all (like delivering some package) unless they get a bribe on top of their normal pay.

Those examples are clearly illegal (against the law) and are rare in many countries, but bribery is quite common in business in many parts of the world. It is difficult to do anything without offering bribes in these places. Giving business people presents in the hope that they will want to do business with you may just seem like good manners at times, but in some cases, it may seem more like bribery.

People who are found to be taking bribes can sometimes lose their jobs. In some cases (like the case of the motorist), bribery is against the law.


Rubella

Rubella (also known as German measles) is a disease caused by the Rubella virus.

It is often mild and an attack can pass unnoticed. However, this can make the virus very difficult to diagnose.

The disease can last 1–5 days. Children recover more quickly than adults.

The virus usually enters the body through the nose or throat. Like most viruses living along the respiratory tract, it is passed from person to person by tiny droplets in the air that are breathed out.

Rubella can also be transmitted from a mother to her developing baby (fetus) through the placenta. This can be very dangerous to the fetus, especially if the mother gets rubella early on in her pregnancy. Rubella can cause deafness, heart problems, intellectual disability, and many other problems in developing fetuses.

The virus has an incubation period of 2 to 3 weeks during which it becomes established. Common symptoms are a red/pink rash, swollen lymph nodes, and a high fever.

The disease is named "German measles" because it has a similar red rash to measles and was first described in detail by German doctors.

On April 29, 2015, it was announced that rubella has been eliminated in North American and South America. A scientific group of experts said it took 15 years of work for this to happen. Among the groups are: Pan American Health Organization, United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, UNICEF, and the United Nations Foundation.

Psychiatry

Psychiatry is a part of medicine that studies, diagnoses and treats mental illnesses and abnormal behaviours and conditions that cause problems and make life difficult for people. The people who practice psychiatry and treat others who have psychiatric problems are called "psychiatrists".

Psychiatrists are medically qualified doctors. They can legally prescribe medications to their patients to help emotional and behavioral problems. This does not apply to psychologists, who are not qualified to prescribe medicines.

Psychiatrists learn about how the body and the brain work. Psychiatrists must learn about all kinds of illnesses. Sometimes a disease in the body causes the brain to work poorly. Cancer in the pancreas causes depression. Blood sugar problems in diabetes mellitus can cause a bad temper. These are only two examples.

As doctors, psychiatrists learn about how medications can help the brain work better. They also learn how medications sometimes cause problems to the brain. Sometimes psychologists send their patients to a psychiatrist if the patient seems to have a problem that medicine might help. The patient should continue to see the psychologist.

In the 1950s, the first medicine to help patients with bipolar disorder (formally known as manic-depressive illness) was discovered. This was lithium, a type of metal in a powder form. A bit later, the first medicine for psychosis was discovered. Later, medicines to calm people (tranquilizers), to end depression (anti-depressants), to help feelings remain the same each day (mood stabilizers) were discovered.

Medicine for mental illness does not cure. Some of the medicines try to get brain chemicals to be the amounts they are in normal people. Other medicines "slow down how fast the brain works" so people with rapid thoughts can be in control of what they think and how they behave. When the medicines are stopped, symptoms often come back.

One person who was important in the History of psychiatry is Sigmund Freud, a medical doctor who was trained in neurology. He became certain that hidden thoughts in the brain (which he called the unconscious) could cause physical symptoms and strange behavior in some people. He believed that human behavior was not all caused by the brain, but by things that happened to people when they were babies and young children. His research of this theory – the idea he had – led him to create "talking therapy" – psychoanalysis – where he tried to figure out what could cause the mind to do things like this.

He thought that his figuring things out and telling the patients what had caused the behavior would cure the patient. Unfortunately, it usually made no lasting changes. This is why psychiatrists (and psychologists) have gradually figured out many other ways of helping their patients.

Since the medications for mental illness were first discovered, there have been tools to understand why the mentally ill behave and think in ways that make it not easy for them to live. Doctors do this by studying the brain as directly as they can.

This field of medicine is called neuropsychiatry. The medical doctors who work in the field are called neuropsychiatrists. They hope someday to really permanently cure or fix mental illness by finding ways to change the brain forever. In the meantime, they try to find ways to help by finding better medications.

The science of psychology is studies the way people behave and change. Psychologists apply this what is found to make new ways of helping people change how they behave. Talking therapy and applied psychology were the first important ways of helping people with some problems of regular life. Some kinds of mental illness can be helped some this way, but some kinds cannot be helped. They need medicines instead, then sometimes a psychologist can help the patient a great deal.

Controversy has often surrounded psychiatry, and the term anti-psychiatry was coined by psychiatrist David Cooper in 1967. The anti-psychiatry message is that psychiatric treatments may be more damaging than helpful to patients. Psychiatry's history involves what may now be seen as dangerous treatments (e.g., electroconvulsive therapy, lobotomy). Two charismatic psychiatrists who came to personify the movement against psychiatry were R.D. Laing and Thomas Szasz. Some ex-patient groups have become very anti-psychiatric, often referring to themselves as "survivors".

Bessel van der Kolk is also a noted psychiatrist, author, researcher and educator based in Boston, USA. He states that there is a much higher incidence of psychiatrists administering prescribed medications among patients who have government insurance. Since most mental illnesses are trauma-induced, medication has little to no effect. Psychiatrists are supposed to rule out trauma before diagnosing but its more rare than not. Therefore, its often easier to be screened by a psychologist or therapist first. Van Der Kolk often suggests EMDR, meditation, neurofeedback, yoga, mindfulness, sensory integration, and the arts for treatment of trauma or PTSD. Symptoms of trauma are often manifested by anxiety, hypervigilance, depression and behavioral problems that medication really doesn't help on a long-term basis.



Stephen Colbert

Stephen Tyrone Colbert (pronounced col-BEAR) (born May 13, 1964) is an American actor, comedian, and author. He is the current host of "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert". He was the host of "The Colbert Report" on Comedy Central from 2005 through 2014. Colbert has used a special form of comedy called satire to make fun of politicians and the news media.

Colbert was born in Washington, D.C.. He grew up in Charleston, South Carolina. He was the youngest of eleven children in a Catholic family, and went to Northwestern University.

On "The Colbert Report" (which he pronounces "col-BEAR re-POAR" to make the words sound the same), he pretends to be a right-wing talk show host. He likes to ask his guests very embarrassing questions that make it seem that he is a serious far right-wing conservative who is also not very smart. His TV personality centers on the idea that if enough people believe something, it will be true. This is largely based on conservative host Bill O'Reilly. He was granted a Super PAC for the South Carolina Republican Party primaries in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.

Many famous American politicians and people in the news media agree to appear on his show because it is very popular. Colbert started as a comedy writer and performer for many other programs, such as "The Daily Show" and the "Strangers with Candy" movie, both also on Comedy Central.

On April 10, 2014, CBS announced in a press release that Colbert will succeed David Letterman as the host of "The Late Show", effective when Mr. Letterman retires from the broadcast." On January 12, 2015, CBS announced that Colbert would premiere as the "Late Show" host on Tuesday, September 8, 2015.

He has also voiced Phil Ken Sebben and Reducto in Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law. Colbert has written three books." I Am America (And So Can You!)" was No. 1 on The New York Times Best Seller list.

Colbert married his wife in 1993. He lives in Montclair, New Jersey with his wife and three children.

He has made a word, 'truthiness'. At least four species have been given scientific names honoring Colbert.




Hobsonville

Hobsonville is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand. It is on the Western shores of the Waitemata Harbour in Waitakere City.

Papatoetoe

Papatoetoe is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand. It is in South Auckland, in the Manukau District.


Bognor Regis Town F.C.

Bognor Regis Town F.C. is a football club in England. They started in 1883 and have managed to enter the 2nd Round of the FA Cup 4 times in their history. At the moment they are playing in the Conference South, which is the 6th level of English Football. Their ground is called Nyewood Lane and their pitch is thought to be one of the best in non-league football.

In the 2005/2006 season they finished 12th in the Conference South division, with an average match attendance of 338 people.

Humour

Humour or humor () is the way that some experiences can make people laugh or feel happy. Most people are able to be amused (laugh or smile at something funny) and have a sense of humor. You can use puns with words that sound similar but have different meanings, or a word that has two meanings. Other examples of humor are satire, saying yes or no when it is not expected, and using different kinds of logic. People of different ages and cultures can find different things humorous. For example, adults may like satire, which children could find hard to understand. A comedian is someone who is paid to make people laugh.
Humor is describing things in a funny way, having the ability to make the jokes.


Anthony Kiedis

Anthony Kiedis (born November 1, 1962 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is an American singer. He is the lead singer of the rock band the Red Hot Chili Peppers. He was put in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.

He has been in the band since it started in 1983. He is known for his fast rapping, but in more recent albums he has also started singing. Kiedis is a popular rock singer, but he had many problems singing until the band made "Californication" (1999). This is when he felt that he could control his voice well. His singing ability has greatly improved over the years. He is known for his on stage charisma. He released a memoir book called "Scar Tissue" in 2004. It sold many copies around the world. Kiedis has had many drug problems. He has been clean since December 24, 2000. Kiedis was with Heather Christie who is also the mother to his son Everly Bear Kiedis. He lives with his son in Malibu, California.

Treviso

Treviso is a "comune" and city in the Veneto region, in Northeast Italy. Treviso is the capital of the province of the same name. The city is about north of Venice, the capital of the region.

Treviso is at the confluence of the "Botteniga" and "Sile" rivers, north of Venice, east of Vicenza, north-east of Padua, and south of Cortina d'Ampezzo.

The city is at about southwest the right bank of the Piave river, on the plain between the Gulf of Venice (Adriatic Sea) and the Alps.

The "comune" of Treviso has an area of and its altitude is .

Treviso borders with the following "comuni"ː Carbonera, Casier, Paese, Ponzano Veneto, Preganziol, Quinto di Treviso, Silea, Villorba, Zero Branco.

The climate of Treviso is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Treviso is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Treviso is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

, there are 83,731 persons living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Treviso

Treviso is twinned with:


Tony Hoare

Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare (Tony Hoare or C. A. R. Hoare, born 11 January 1934) is an English computer scientist. He is probably best known for the development of Quicksort. Quicksort is the world's most widely used sorting algorithm. He also developed Hoare logic. Hoare received the Turing Award in 1980 "for his fundamental contributions to the definition and design of programming languages".
Hoare was born in Colombo, in Sri Lanka. He got his Bachelor's degree in Classics from the University of Oxford in 1956. He stayed in Oxford for one more year to study graduate-level statistics.

From 1956 to 1958, he served in the Royal Navy. He then studied computer translation of human languages at "Moscow State University" in the Soviet Union in the school of Andrey Nikolayevich Kolmogorov.

John Frusciante

John Anthony Frusciante is an American musician. He was born on March 5, 1970 in Queens, New York. He was the guitarist of the funk rock band, Red Hot Chili Peppers. He has also made a number of solo records. Some of these albums have been made with other artists, for example Josh Klinghoffer. In December 2009 Frusciante claimed on his website that he had left the band over a year ago.

He was number 18 on "Rolling Stone"s list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time" in 2003. In 2011, he was at number 72.

John Frusciante joined the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1988 after the previous guitarist, Hillel Slovak, died of a drug overdose. The band went on to record and release their fourth album, "Mother's Milk" in 1989. Following an international tour, Frusciante co-recorded the band's fifth album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik". In 1992, he left the band because he was overwhelmed by the international success of "Blood Sugar Sex Magik". Frusciante abruptly announced his departure from the band just a few moments before a performance in Tokyo. He ended up playing the show and left quickly for a plane back to the USA.

From 1992 to 1997, he recorded a couple of solo albums, which received various criticism due to Frusciante's use of lo-fi and strange synthesizer effects. Frusciante released "Niandra LaDes & Usually Just A T-Shirt" in 1994 as a cure for there being "no good music around any more". From the time of being out of the band, Frusciante had started to experiment with drugs such as cocaine and heroin. In 1997, he released "Smile From The Streets You Hold" because he needed money for drugs at the time. He later took the album off the shelves as he did not feel comfortable with it being sold.

Bandmate and long-time friend Flea asked John if he would like to rejoin the band in 1998. Frusciante was so overjoyed by the question that the band regrouped and started the recording process. In 1999, the band released "Californication". During the Californication tour, Frusciante recorded some more songs in what would eventually become "To Record Only Water For Ten Days", which was released in 2001. Frusciante returned to the recording studio in early 2002 in which they would later release the band's eighth album, "By the Way". Four Years later the Peppers released their ninth studio album, "Stadium Arcadium". In December 2009 he announced that he would leave the Red Hot Chili Peppers and focus more on his solo albums.

After yet another world tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Frusciante decided to release some more of his own material between 2004 and 2005. During this time, John released six of his own solo records, some of which were co-written by Josh Klinghoffer.





Flea (musician)

Flea (Michael Peter Balzary) is an Australian-American bassist. He was born on October 16, 1962, in the city of Melbourne, Australia. He plays in the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. He has been with the band since its beginning in 1983 along with vocalist Anthony Kiedis. He is also known onstage for wearing weird costumes that largely appeal to the audience.

Flea is known for his unique bass style. He uses a wide range of bass guitar techniques, mainly popping and slapping and changing the speed of his tempo during songs and his quick improvisation. Flea is also a skilled trumpet player. Flea was responsible for getting John Frusciante back into Red Hot Chili Peppers.

In September 2009, it was announced that Flea would be playing with Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke, to perform some of Yorke's material.

Flea is generally regarded by the public as the greatest rock bassist of all time, among similar artists such as Les Claypool and Victor Wooten.

Andrey Kolmogorov

Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov (, 25 April 1903 – 20 October 1987) was a Soviet mathematician and computer scientist. He made major advances in the fields of probability theory and topology. Born in a Russian family in Tambov, he worked early in his career on intuitionistic logic, and Fourier series. He also worked on turbulence, classical mechanics, and information theory; and was a founder of algorithmic complexity theory which is often referred to as simply Kolmogorov complexity theory.

Kolmogorov worked at Moscow State University. He studied under Nikolai Luzin, earning his Ph.D. in 1929. In 1931 he became professor at this university. In 1939 he received the title of academician of the USSR Academy of Sciences. He died in Moscow.

Chad Smith

Chad Smith (born October 25, 1961 in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States) is a drummer in the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. He joined the band in 1988 with John Frusciante when guitarist Hillel Slovak died of a heroin drug overdose, and Jack Irons left because of his friend dying. Chad has stayed in the band since then, playing the drums for every single album up to today.

With Red Hot Chili Peppers

Hillel Slovak

Hillel Slovak (April 13, 1962 – June 25, 1988) was an Israeli-American musician. Slovak was the guitarist for the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. He was born in Haifa, Israel. His family moved to California in 1967. He was a close friend of singer Anthony Kiedis during high school, and in 1983, they decided to make a band. The band was called "Tony Flow and the Majestic Masters of Mayhem". They played a show, but never took the band seriously. In 1984 he left the Red Hot Chili Peppers to play in his other band "What Is This". He rejoined in 1985 to record "Freaky Styley" and "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" in 1987. He died in 1988 from a fatal drug overdose.

Jack Irons

Jack Irons (born 18 July 1962 in Los Angeles, California) was the drummer for the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. He was in the original band when they formed in 1983. He left Red Hot Chili Peppers to play in his other band What Is This? with his friend Hillel Slovak. He came back to the band in 1986 to record "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan". In 1987, Hillel Slovak, the guitarist, died of a drug overdose. He quit the band because of this. Jack Irons has also played in many other bands, most notably Pearl Jam.

Dave Navarro

David Michael Navarro (born June 7, 1967 in Santa Monica, California), better known as Dave Navarro) is an American guitarist. He played in many different bands, most notably Jane's Addiction and Red Hot Chili Peppers. With the Red Hot Chili Peppers, they recorded "One Hot Minute" in 1995. Also, he was married to Carmen Electra from 2003 to 2006. He was in Red Hot Chili Peppers from 1993 until 1998.

Charles Babbage

Sir Charles Babbage (26 December 1791 – 18 October 1871) was an English mathematician, analytical philosopher, mechanical engineer and computer scientist. He was the first person to invent the idea of a computer that could be programmed. Unfinished parts of his mechanisms are on display in the London Science Museum. 

Charles Babbage was born in England, at 44 Crosby Row, Walworth Road, London. Babbage's father, Benjamin Babbage, was a banker in London who owned the Bitton Estate in Teignmouth. His mother was Betsy Plumleigh Babbage. In 1808, the Babbage family moved into the old Rowdens house in East Teignmouth.

His Brain is also on display in the Science Museum in London.
Babbage worked and wrote on many ideas of science, engineering and mathematics, but he is most famous for two machines he started and never finished. His Difference Engine would have been a much better calculator than any made before then. His Analytical Engine would have been the first real computer.

Knowing that there were many errors in the calculation of mathematical tables, Babbage wanted to find a way to calculate them mechanically, removing errors made by humans. Three different factors seem to have influenced him: a dislike of untidiness; his experience working on logarithmic tables and differential calculus; and work on calculating machines already done by Wilhelm Schickard, Blaise Pascal, and Gottfried Leibniz. He first talked about the principles of a calculating engine in a letter to Sir Humphrey Davy in 1822.

Babbage's engines were among the first mechanical computers. His engines were not actually completed because he did not have enough money. Babbage realized that a machine could do the work better and more reliably than a human being. Babbage controlled building of some steam-powered machines that more or less did their job; calculations could be mechanized to an extent. Although Babbage's machines were large machines they were organized in a way similar to modern computer architecture. The data and program memory were separated, operation was instruction based, control unit could make conditional jumps and the machine had a separate I/O unit. Ada Lovelace studied how to program them.



Ticket (admission)

A ticket is a piece of printed paper that gives you the right to enter somewhere or do something. Tickets are often used as proof that you have paid for public transport, theaters, cinemas or sporting events. Tickets often display printed information like serial number, barcode, price, expiry date, seat number and class of ticket.

Sometimes, you have to take a ticket, such as at the start of a toll road, to help calculate how much you should pay the at end of your journey. Some tickets are becoming electronic barcodes, and are displayed on a screen instead of paper.

Bergamo

Bergamo is a city in northern Italy. Bergamo is in the Lombardy Region, with a population of 117,887 inhabitants. Here the Better Italy team (called by the supporters) plays, Atalanta BC, cubichillo

Brescia

Brescia is a city in northern Italy. Brescia is in the Lombardy Region. It has 192,165 people.

Como

Como is a city in northern Italy. Como is in the Lombardy Region. 83,016 people live there.

Cremona

Cremona is a city in northern Italy. Cremona is in the Lombardy Region with a population of 71,533 inhabitants. It is in the Po Valley on the North side of the Po River.

In the year 218 BCE, Romans founded the city. Before that, it was a village of the Gauls.

Lecco

Lecco is a city in northern Italy. Lecco is in the Lombardy Region with 46,477 inhabitants. 
If the Como side of Lake Como has become known to tourists due to the presence of large hotels, the Lecco branch is historically the most important and exclusive and with the most beautiful lake and the mountain setting, studied for a long time by Léonard De Vinci, here the confidential and hidden villas of the great Italian industrialists and nobles, as well as the nobles of ancient Rome, including the Villa Comedia De Plinio the young man in the secret village of Liena, the foundation of the order of the knights of the Italian royal family from Savoy.

The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
Lake Como today is consider a super exclusive neighborhood of Milan.

The painting by Leonardo da Vinci, "The Virgin of the Rocks", kept in the Louvre, is located in the cave of Lecco in Laorca. In the painting you can see the spikes of the Val Calolden, the Sasso Cavallo and the Sasso Carbonari. It is not a question of random elements, but of sought-after references, to trace a historical map of the Sforza of Milan. Leonardo also made the map of Lecco, A plan of the city before the construction of the sixteenth-century walls designed by Leonardo da Vinci, in which you can clearly see the fourteenth-century fortifications, the arc of the lakefront, the course of one of the streams that crosses the city with four mills and a tower, now incorporated in the walls. In the Windsor codes, we can trace drawings of snowy crests that belong to the Lecco landscape. We list, among all, the central massif of the Grigne, seen from the Brianza mountains that he traveled. The jagged profile of Due Mani and Resegone portrayed from Lake Oggiono and from Garlate. The hurricane in a valley between the mountains that among the low clouds, gathered between Moregallo and S. Martino, shakes the Lecco basin with winds.


Lodi

Lodi (; Lombard: "Lòd") is a city in northern Italy. Lodi is in the Lombardy Region with a population of 43,488 people (as of 2008). The people who live in Lodi are called Lodigiani. Lodi is famous for a cake called Tortionata.

Lodi was built after the destruction of the ancient roman city of Laus Pompeia during the war with Milan.

The construction of the new city was aided by the German emperor Frederick I Barbarossa.



Mantua

Mantova (or Mantua) is a city in northern Italy. Mantova is in the Lombardy Region. It has a population of 48,103 people. The Etruscans founded the city, Today, Mantua is one of the biggest markets for agricultural products in northern Italy. Vergil was born in a small village near Mantua. 

Mantua was named "Capital of the Italian culture 2016". 



Pavia

Pavia (; Lombard: "Pavia"; ) is a city in northern Italy. Pavia is in the Lombardy Region with 71.486 people living in it. It is a very old, historical city. It is 30 km south of Milan.

The town of Pavia (then known as Ticinum) was a big city and a special military area for the Romans.

Here, in 476, Odoacer won against Flavius Orestes after a long war. To make the city pay for helping his enemy, Odoacer completely ruined Pavia, but Orestes was able to escape to a city called Piacenza, where Odoacer followed and killed him, and removed from the throne his son Romulus Augustus. This is often thought of as the end of the Western Roman Empire.

A late name of the city in Latin was Papia (probably related to the Pope), which developed to the Italian name Pavia. Sometimes it's called Ticinum Papia, using both Latin names.

After the Lombards conquest, Pavia became the capital of their kingdom. During the Rule of the Dukes, it was ruled by Zaban. It continued to act as the administrative centre of the kingdom. In the reign of Desiderius Charlemagne took it in the Siege of Pavia (June, 774) and became the king of the Lombards. Pavia remained the capital of the Italian Kingdom and the centre of royal coronations until the diminution of imperial authority there in the twelfth century.

In the 12th century Pavia acquired the status of a self-governing commune. In the political division between Guelphs and Ghibellines that characterizes the Italian Middle Ages, Pavia was traditionally Ghibelline, a position that was as much supported by the rivalry with Milan as it was a mark of the defiance of the Emperor that led the Lombard League against the emperor Frederick Barbarossa.

In the time after that, Pavia was an important and busy town. Under the Treaty of Pavia, Emperor Louis IV gave the Palatinate to his brother during his stay in Italy. Pavia held out against the domination of Milan, finally yielding to the Visconti family, rulers of that city in 1359; under the Visconti Pavia became an intellectual and artistic centre. In 1361 the University of Pavia was founded around the nucleus of the old school of law, which attracted students from many countries.

The Battle of Pavia (1525) was important, since by that time, the former division between the supporters of the Pope and those of the Holy Roman Emperor had shifted to one between a French party (allied with the Pope) and a party supporting the Emperor and King of Spain Charles V. During the Valois-Habsburg Italian Wars, Pavia was naturally on the Imperial (and Spanish) side. The defeat and capture of king Francis I of France during the battle started a period of Spanish occupation which lasted until 1713. Pavia was then ruled by the Austrians until 1796, when it was occupied by the French army under Napoleon.

In 1815, it again passed under Austrian administration until the Second War of Italian Independence (1859) and the unification of Italy one year later.

Sondrio

Sondrio is a city in northern Italy. Sondrio is in the Lombardy Region with a population of 21,790 inhabitants. 

Varese

Varese is a city in northern Italy. Varese is in the Lombardy Region with a population of 96,917 inhabitants.

Perugia

Perugia (said "Pah-ru-zha" ) is the capital city of the region of Umbria in central Italy, near the Tiber River, and the capital of the province of Perugia. The city is about 100 miles (160 kilometres) north of Rome. It covers a high hilltop and part of the valleys around the area.
The history of Perugia goes back to the Roman Empire. However, major parts of the city have been destroyed, and rebuilt, because of many wars, and of earthquakes in the mid-19th century. In recent decades, the city has been known as a university town, with the University of Perugia (about 34,000 students), the University for Foreigners (5,000 students), and some smaller colleges, also. There are annual festivals and events: the Eurochocolate Festival (October), the Umbria Jazz Festival, and the International Journalism Festival (in April).

Perugia is a well-known artistic center of Italy. The famous painter Pietro Vannucci, nicknamed Perugino, came from Città della Pieve near Perugia. He decorated the local "Sala del Cambio" with a beautiful series of frescoes; eight of his pictures can also be seen in the National Gallery of Umbria. Perugino was the teacher of Raphael, the great Renaissance artist who produced five paintings in Perugia (today no longer in the city) and one fresco. Another famous painter, Pinturicchio, lived in Perugia. Galeazzo Alessi is the most famous architect from Perugia. The city symbol is the griffin, which can be seen in the form of plaques and statues on buildings around the city.

Perugia was an Umbrian settlement but first appears in written history as "Perusia", one of the twelve confederate cities of Etruria. It was first mentioned in Q. Fabius Pictor's account, used by Livy, of the expedition carried out against the Etruscans by Fabius Maximus Rullianus in 310 or 309 BC. At that time, a thirty-year "indutiae" (truce) was agreed upon; however, in 295 BC, Perusia took part in the Third Samnite War and was reduced, with Volsinii and Arretium (Arezzo), to seek for peace in the following year.
In 216 and 205 BC, Perugia assisted Rome in the Second Punic War. Little else is known until 41-40 BC, when Lucius Antonius (brother of Mark Antony) took refuge there, in the Roman civil war between Mark Antony and Octavian. Much of ancient Perugia was destroyed by Octavian (later became Emperor Augustus) after a long siege, and its senators were sent to their death. A number of lead bullets used by slingers have been found in and around the city. The city was burnt, we are told, with the exception of the temples of Vulcan and Juno. The huge Etruscan terrace-walls, naturally, can hardly have suffered at all. Afterward, the town, with the territory for a mile round, was allowed to be occupied by whoever came. It must have been rebuilt almost at once, for several bases of statues exist, inscribed with the words ""Augusto sacr(um) Perusia restituta"". However, the town did not become a "colonia", until 251-253 AD, when it was resettled as "Colonia Vibia Augusta Perusia", under the emperor C. Vibius Trebonianus Gallus.

Perugia is hardly mentioned, except by the geographers, until it was the only city in Umbria to resist Totila, who captured it and laid the city waste in 547, after a long siege, apparently after the city's Byzantine garrison evacuated. Negotiations with the besieging forces fell to the city's bishop, Herculanus, as representative of the townspeople. Totila is said to have ordered the bishop to be flayed and beheaded. St. Herculanus (Sant'Ercolano) later became the city's patron saint.
In the Lombard period, Perugia is spoken of as one of the principal cities of Tuscia. In the 9th century, with the consent of Charlemagne and Louis the Pious, it passed under the popes; but by the 11th century its commune was asserting itself, and for many centuries the city continued to maintain an independent life, warring against many of the neighbouring lands and cities: Foligno, Assisi, Spoleto, Todi, Siena, Arezzo, etc. In 1186, Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor, "rex romanorum" and future emperor, granted diplomatic recognition to the consular government of the city; afterward Pope Innocent III, whose major aim was to give state dignity to the dominions having been constituting the patrimony of St. Peter, acknowledged the validity of the imperial statement and recognized the established civic practices having the force of law.
On various occasions, the popes found asylum, from the conflicts in Rome, within its walls, and it was the meeting-place of five conclaves (Perugia Papacy), including those which elected Honorius III (1216), Clement IV (1285), Celestine V (1294), and Clement V (1305); the papal presence was characterized by a peace-time rule between the internal rivalries. But Perugia had no mind simply to serve the papal interests and never accepted papal sovereignty: the city used to exercise a jurisdiction over the members of the clergy. Also, in 1282, Perugia was excommunicated due to a new military conflict against the Ghibellines regardless of a papal prohibition. In the other hand, side by side with the 13th-century bronze griffin of Perugia, above the door of the "Palazzo dei Priori" stands, as a Guelphic emblem, the lion: Perugia remained loyal for the most part to the Guelph party in the struggles of Guelphs and Ghibellines. However this dominant tendency was rather an anti-Germanic and Italian political strategy. The Angevin presence in Italy appeared offer a counterpoise to papal powers: in 1319 Perugia declared the Angevin Saint Louis of Toulouse "Protector of the city's sovereignty and of the Palazzo of its Priors" and set his figure among the other patron saints above the rich doorway of the Palazzo dei Priori. At the half of the 14th century, Bartholus of Sassoferrato, who was a renowned jurist, asserted that Perugia was dependent upon neither imperial nor papal support. In 1347, at the time of Rienzi's unfortunate enterprise in reviving the Roman Republic, Perugia sent ten ambassadors to pay him honour; and, when papal messengers sought to force it by foreign soldiers, or to exact contributions, they met with vigorous resistance, which broke into open warfare with Pope Urban V in 1369; in 1370 the noble party reached an agreement signing the treaty of Bologna and Perugia was forced to accept a papal legate; however the vicar-general of the Papal States, Gérard du Puy, Abbot of Marmoutier and nephew of Pope Gregory IX, was expelled by a popular uprising in 1375, and his fortification of Porta Sole was razed to the ground.
Civic peace was constantly disturbed in the 14th century by struggles between the party representing the people ("Raspanti") and the nobles ("Beccherini"). After the assassination in 1398 of Biordo Michelotti, who had made himself lord of Perugia, the city became a pawn in the Italian Wars, passing to Gian Galeazzo Visconti (1400), to Pope Boniface IX (1403), and to Ladislas of Naples (1408–14) before it settled into a period of sound governance under the "Signoria" of the condottiero Braccio da Montone (1416–24), who reached a concordance with the Papacy. Following mutual atrocities of the Oddi and the Baglioni families, power was at last concentrated in the Baglioni, who, though they had no legal position, defied all other authority, though their bloody internal squabbles culminated in a massacre, 14 July 1500. Gian Paolo Baglioni was lured to Rome in 1520 and beheaded by Leo X; and in 1540 Rodolfo, who had slain a papal legate, was defeated by Pier Luigi Farnese, and the city, captured and plundered by his soldiery, was deprived of its privileges. A citadel known as the "Rocca Paolina", after the name of Pope Paul III (Italian: Paolo), was built, to the designs of Antonio da Sangallo the Younger ""ad coercendam Perusinorum audaciam"."

In 1797, the city was conquered by French troops. On 4 February 1798, the "Tiberina Republic" was formed, with Perugia as the capital, and the French tricolour as flag. In 1799, the Tiberina Republic merged to the Roman Republic.

In 1832, 1838 and 1854, Perugia was hit by earthquakes. Following the collapse of the Roman republic of 1848-49, when the Rocca was in part demolished, it was seized in May 1849 by the Austrians. In June 1859, the people rebelled against the temporal authority of the Pope and established a provisional government, but the insurrection was quashed bloodily by Pius IX's troops. In September 1860 the city was united finally, along with the rest of Umbria, as part of the Kingdom of Italy.

Perugia has become famous for chocolate, mostly because of a single firm, Perugina, whose Baci (kisses) are widely exported. Perugian chocolate is very popular in Italy, and the city hosts a chocolate festival every October.

Perugia is the capital city of the region of Umbria.
Cities' distances from Perugia: Assisi , Siena , Florence 145 km, Rome .

Even though Perugia is in the Central part of Italy, the city has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa"), similar to much of Northern Italy.
In 2007, there were 163,287 people living in Perugia, in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, of whom 47.7% were male and 52.3% were female. Minors (children ages 18 and younger) totalled 16.4 percent of the people, compared to pensioners, who number 21.5%. This compares with the Italian average of 18.1 percent (minors) and 19.9% (pensioners). The average age of Perugia residents is 44, compared to the Italian nationwide average of 42. In the five years between 2002 and 2007, the number of people grew by 7.86%, while Italy as a whole grew by 3.85 percent.

As of 2006, 90.84% of the people were Italian. The largest immigrant group came from other European countries (particularly from Albania and Romania): 3.93%, the Americas: 2.01%, and North Africa: 1.3%. Most people are Roman Catholic.

Perugia today hosts two main universities, the ancient University of Perugia (Italian: "Università degli Studi") and the University for Foreigners Perugia ("Università per Stranieri"). "Stranieri" serves as an Italian language and culture school for students from all over the world. Other educational institutions are the Perugia Fine Arts Academy "Pietro Vannucci" (founded in 1573), the Perugia Music Conservatory for the study of classical music, and the RAI Public Broadcasting School of Radio-Television Journalism. The city is also host to the Umbra Institute, an accredited university program for American students studying abroad. The "Università dei Sapori" (University of Tastes), a National centre for Vocational Education and Training in Food, is in the city as well.

The "comune" includes the "frazioni" of Bagnaia, Bosco, Capanne, Casa del Diavolo, Castel del Piano, Cenerente, Civitella Benazzone, Civitella d'Arna, Collestrada, Colle Umberto I, Cordigliano, Colombella, Farneto, Ferro di Cavallo, Fontignano, Fratticiola Selvatica, La Bruna, La Cinella, Lacugnano, Lidarno, Migiana di Monte Tezio, Monte Bagnolo, Monte Corneo, Montelaguardia, Monte Petriolo, Mugnano, Olmo, Parlesca, Pianello, Piccione, Pila, Pilonico Materno, Ponte della Pietra, Poggio delle Corti, Ponte Felcino, Ponte Pattoli, Ponte Rio, Ponte San Giovanni, Ponte Valleceppi, Prepo, Pretola, Ramazzano-Le Pulci, Rancolfo, Ripa, Sant'Andrea delle Fratte, Sant'Egidio, Sant'Enea, San Fortunato della Collina, San Giovanni del Pantano, Sant'Andrea d'Agliano, Santa Lucia, San Marco, Santa Maria Rossa, San Martino dei Colli, San Martino in Campo, San Martino in Colle, San Sisto, Solfagnano, Villa Pitignano.
Collestrada, in the "territorio" of the suburb of Ponte San Giovanni, saw a battle between the people of Perugia and Assisi in 1202.





Perugia has had a rich tradition of art and artists. The High Renaissance painter Pietro Perugino created some of his masterpieces in the Perugia area. The other High Resaissance master Raphael was also active in Perugia and painted his famous Oddi Altar there in 1502-1504.

Today, the "Galleria Nazionale dell'Umbria" in Perugia houses a number of masterpieces, including the "Madonna with Child and Six Angels" (Duccio), which represents the Renaissance Roman Catholic Marian art of Duccio. Also, the private Art Collection of the "Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Perugia" has two separate locations.

The Collegio del Cambio is an extremely well preserved representation of a Renaissance building and houses a magnificent Pietro Perugino fresco.

Perugia has taken drastic measures against car traffic. At certain hours of the day, driving is forbidden in the city centre. Large parking lots are provided in the lower town, from where escalators lead up through the "Rocca Paolina" into the city. Since 2008, a MiniMetro has also been in operation, with seven stations.

Perugia railway station, also known as Perugia Fontivegge, was opened in 1866. It forms part of the Foligno–Terontola railway, which also links Florence with the "Roma Termini" railway station in Rome. The station is at Piazza Vittorio Veneto, in the heavily populated district of Fontivegge, about southwest of the city centre.

San Egidio Airport is outside the city.

Perugia has twin and sister city agreements with the following cities:




Terni

Terni () is a "comune" and city in the Umbria region, in central Italy. Terni is the capital of the province of Terni. It is one of the most important industrial towns of Umbria.

The University of Perugia () is a university based in Perugia that offers its main courses in Perugia and Terni.

The "comune" of Terni is in the valley of the Nera river; it has an area of and its altitude is .

Terni borders with the "comuni" Stroncone, San Gemini, Montefranco (a small part), Arrone, Narni, Montecastrilli (a very small part), Acquasparta, Spoleto (Province of Perugia) and two "comuni" of the province Rieti in the Lazio regionː Rieti and Labro.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Terniː Acquapalombo, Appecano, Battiferro, Cecalocco, Cesi, Collegiacone, Collescipoli, Collestatte, Giuncano Alto, Giuncano Scalo, Marmore, Miranda, Papigno, Piediluco, Poggio Lavarino, Polenaco, Porzano, Pracchia, Rocca San Zenone, San Carlo, San Liberatore, Titurano, Torreorsina.

, there are 112,133 persons (52,703 males and 59,430 females) living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².


Terni is twinned with:

Terni is also partner withː



Biological weapon

A biological weapon is a weapon that delivers toxins or pathogens (like bacteria or viruses), with the goal of making people sick or killing them. Biological weapons are also called bio-weapons. Their use in war is called biological warfare.

A biological weapon usually has two parts. The first is the biological agent (also called a bio-agent, biological threat agent, or biological warfare agent). This is the pathogen that is meant to make people sick. The second is the delivery system - how the biological agent is going to get to and expose the people it is supposed to infect.

Some bio-agents can be "weaponized" - changed to make them more dangerous. For example, sometimes scientists can change a pathogen's genes so the pathogen is deadlier, and so it will not be killed by usual antidotes or treatments. Some bio-agents can be changed so they are easier to store, spread, or use as weapons.

As of 2016, there are more than 1,200 different kinds of bio-agents that could be made into weapons.

Examples of some biological agents and toxins are listed below. Experts have said that these pathogens could be used as biological weapons. A few already have been used, including anthrax, bubonic plague, smallpox, and ricin.

In the past, countries have designed many different delivery systems for exposing people to biological agents. These systems have included:

A biological agent by itself is not enough to make a biological weapon. Neither is a delivery system by itself. A biological weapon has to have both: the bio-agent that is meant to make people sick, and a system to deliver that agent.

Here are a few examples of biological weapons that have been used throughout history.


Harper Lee

Harper Lee (April 28, 1926 – February 19, 2016) was an American writer. She was born in Monroeville, Alabama. She was most famous for writing "To Kill a Mockingbird". That book was published in 1959. Civil rights issues in Alabama influenced her writing. Harper Lee's interests apart from writing were watching politicians and cats, travelling and being alone.

Throughout her life, Lee had said that she would never publish another novel. However, in 2015, Lee announced "Go Set a Watchman", a sequel to "To Kill A Mockingbird".

Lee died on February 19, 2016, in a retirement facility in Monroeville, Alabama from complications of a stroke at the age of 89.

In 1926, Harper Lee was born in the Monroeville, Alabama. She was the youngest child out of three children. Her father was a law expert and part of the Alabama State lawmaking body. Her mother had trouble with mental illness. The class before first grade, she made a friend named Truman Capote who also later become a fiction writer, short-story writer, and wrote plays. So when they were young, she used to act the scene again that was part of the well known book Rover Boys with her friend Truman. 

Harper Lee went to the Monroe County High School in Monroeville. She used to take part in many activities at school, and was part of Glee Club and literary honorary "society". She went to the all-female Huntingdon College in Montgomery following her sister who became a law expert. Later, Lee changed the school to the University of Alabama and started to learn about the law. But she wasn’t really interested in the things that she was learning. Though she was really interested in her studies and her writings. Lee wrote amusing, and funny school magazines that came out regularly, Rammer Jammer and became its editor. "For one year," she went to Oxford University as a student who studies outside his or her home country. But still, Lee didn’t like the law. Her father was giving money for her education, but Lee thought that she needed to be self-supporting. So she dropped out of the University and moved to New York to do what she loved.

Her interest in a book inspired Lee to write many long stories. Lee wrote many to write few longer stories, Lee moved to New York to chase after a career as a writer. Hohoff, the editor of "To Kill a Mockingbird" convinced Lee to write a new novel from the point of view of Scout as a child. Two years later, it became "To Kill a Mockingbird". Harper Lee works impressed many companies. She went to many schools and her interest in literature got her to write many novels. Her novels became popular. Harper Lee also worked with Truman Capote as he inspired her to become an author.

Harper Lee had a stroke in 2007 and died in 2016 at the age of 89, just seven months after the release of "Go Set a Watchman", the controversial sequel "To Kill a Mockingbird." She died peacefully while sleeping. Lee's oldest nephew and family spokesperson, said in a statement on Friday: "This is a sad day for our family. She has touched people known her as a devoted friend and family member." 

Lee signed her will eight days before her death. Her funeral was on February 20th. It was held at First United Methodist Church in Monroeville. 

Truman Capote

Truman Capote (born Truman Streckfus Persons, September 30, 1924 – August 25, 1984) was an American author. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana and grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, New York City and Greenwich, Connecticut. He is best known for writing the half-true novel, "In Cold Blood". The novel is based on a murder that happened in Kansas in the 1950s. He became good friends with the man accused of the murder.

Capote was openly gay. He died of liver cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 59.

Ubuntu

Ubuntu is a free operating system that uses the Linux kernel. The word "ubuntu" is an Zulu word meaning "humanity to others". It is pronounced "oo-boon-too".

It is one of the most popular Linux distributions and it is based on Debian Linux computer operating system. The goal with Ubuntu is to make it easy to use and install onto a computer. Ubuntu can be used on all types of personal computers (and even devices such as robots) including in Windows 10. Ubuntu is downloaded as a DVD, which is free to download from the Ubuntu website. It can be installed or tested by running the DVD.

A new release of Ubuntu is released every six months, with long-term support releases every two years. The latest release is Ubuntu 22.04 ("Jammy Jellyfish"), a long-term support release (what most users may want to choose), which is supported until 2027.

Started in 2004, Ubuntu has been developed by Canonical Ltd., a company owned by a rich South African man named Mark Shuttleworth.

Ubuntu splits all software into four different categories to show differences in licensing and the amount of support available. They are:

Free software here includes only software that meets the Ubuntu licensing requirements, which almost are the same as the Debian Free Software Guidelines. There is one difference for the Main category, however it has firmware and fonts which cannot be changed, but are included if Ubuntu will not work right.

Non-free software is usually unsupported (Multiverse), but some exceptions (Restricted) are given for very important non-free software. Supported non-free software include device drivers that are needed to run Ubuntu on current hardware. The level of support in the Restricted category is less than that of Main, since the developers may not be able to get to the source code. It is wanted that Main and Restricted should contain all the software needed for a general-use Linux system.

Besides the official repositories is "Ubuntu Backports", which is an officially known project to backport newer software from later releases of Ubuntu. The repository is not comprehensive (meaning that it has parts missing from it); it is mostly made up of user-requested packages, which are accepted if they meet quality guidelines.

Two new releases of Ubuntu are released each year, normally in April and October.

The number of the Ubuntu release is 'X.YY', with 'X' being the year of release (minus 2000) and 'Y' being the month of release. For example, Ubuntu 4.10 was released in October (the tenth month of the year), 2004. The name of the release (for example, Breezy Badger) is an adjective (a describing word) followed by the name of an animal.
"LTS indicates Long Term Support."

Very old (i.e. 32-bit i386) processors have been supported up to Ubuntu 18.04, but users "will not be allowed to upgrade to Ubuntu 18.10 as dropping support for that architecture is being evaluated".

Ubuntu's official software package repository includes, for example, UNetbootin.

Ubuntu is available in many different variants, e.g. because there are several options for which desktop environment to use.

The official sister distributions which are fully supported by Canonical are:



The Second Coming (TV)

The Second Coming was a television drama shown by ITV, starring Christopher Eccleston.

The story is about a man named Steve who goes away for 40 days and 40 nights (like Jesus). When he comes back he is convinced he is the Son of God but nobody believes him. He turns day into night and everyone believes him then. He has a message from God to find the "Third Message". He finds from his friend July that the Third Message is her writings and one of her writings demands that he die. When Steve dies, he does not go to Heaven as it is destroyed, along with God, Satan and Hell. This is so humanity can work things out for itself.

Eid festival

In Islam, Eid is the name of two Islamic festivals:

The Eids are celebrated by Muslims all around the world.


Alessandria

Alessandria is an Italian city in Piemonte. It has 94,280 people.

Asti

Asti () is an Italian city in Piemonte. It has 74,392 people living in it.

Biella

Biella () is an Italian city in Piemonte. It has 45,822 people.

A.S.D. Junior Biellese Libertas is the football club of the town.

Cuneo

Cuneo is an Italian city in Piemonte. It has 54,992 people.

Novara

Novara () is an Italian city in Piemonte. There are 102,630 people living there.

Vercelli

Vercelli () is an Italian city in Piemonte. About 46,000 people live there.

Kate Moss

Katherine Moss (born 16 January 1974), better known as Kate Moss, is an English model.

Moss rose to fame in the early 1990s. She is known for her waifish figure, and her role in size zero fashion. She is also famous for her controversial private life, high-profile relationships, party lifestyle, and drug use. In 2007, she came 2nd on the "Forbes" top-earning models list, estimated to have earned $9 million in one year. Aside from modelling, Moss has started several ventures, including her own clothing line and various musical projects.

She was found at the age of 14 by Sarah Doukes of the Storm Modeling Agency in 1988 while in an airport. Moss' career began when Corinne Day shot black and white photographs of her for British magazine "The Face", in a photo shoot titled "The Third Summer of Love".

Moss starred in a series of Calvin Klein in the 1990s, spurring a period of waify "heroin chic" in the modelling world. She was photographed with a blank face, as if affected by drugs or exhausted.

Moss charmed the fashion industry and has modelled for such elite houses including Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, Burberry, Chanel, Missoni and Dior.

Moss has been a supporter of the Breakthrough Breast Cancer charity, and in the 1990s featured in one of their target T-shirt campaigns. She also supported War Child. Moss also designed a charm in a necklace for Wallis in 2007 in aid of Cancer Research UK and said "I am happy to give my support to help fund crucial research, as so many lives are affected by this terrible disease".

She has also helped to launch the SamandRuby charity in March 2006. The charity was started to provide funding for the education and shelter of Thai children. The SamandRuby organisation is named after a friend of Moss's Samantha Archer Fayet and her 6 month old daughter Ruby Rose who were killed by the Tsunami while visiting Thailand. Moss also supports the Elton John AIDS Foundation, the Hoping Foundation, the Lucie Blackman Trust, Make Poverty History, Comic Relief and Homes of Hope which her close friend Sadie Frost also supports.

Moss checked herself into a psychiatric centre in 1998, claiming she was suffering from "exhaustion." She was suffering from depression over her separation from longtime boyfriend, actor Johnny Depp who was with her from 1994 to 1998.

On 15 September 2005, photos were shown in newspapers that seemed to show Moss snorting several lines of cocaine. Moss lost major modeling contracts with several international companies. She was able to continue her career after a detoxication and was on both the 2005 and 2006 list of Forbes The Celebrity 100.

Alesha Dixon

Alesha Anjanette Dixon (born 7 October 1978) is a British singer and television personality. She was a member of the girl band Mis-Teeq and is also known for being a judge on "Britain's Got Talent".

She was born in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England. Her mother was Scottish. Her father was Jamaican. Dixon released her first UK solo album, "The Alesha Show", in 2008.

Dixon's career began in 1999 when she met Sabrina Washington. They had both joined Dance Attic (a popular dance class school in West London). They recorded a demo called "Inspiration". During an audition, they met with Su-Elise Nash, and then formed a trio. They were soon signed to Telstar Records with a new member, Zena McNally. They became the popular UK garage/R&B girl band Mis-Teeq. They released their first single "Why?" in 2000. Soon, McNally left the band to perform by herself. The band decided to remain a trio.

In 2001, they released their first album "Lickin' On Both Sides". It had the songs "All I Want", "One Night Stand", "B With Me" and "Roll On / This Is How We Do It". In 2003, they released their second album "Eye Candy". That album had the songs "Scandalous", "Can't Get It Back" and "Style". In 2004, Mis-Teeq toured the United States. They released their first single "Scandalous" from their first American album "Mis-Teeq". "Mis-Teeq" was a compilation of the albums "Lickin' On Both Sides" and "Eye Candy". They released "One Night Stand" before coming back to Europe to start work with their third album. However, Telstar Records was shut down and the band had to have a 'Greatest Hits' compilation released under exclusive licenses with Universal Recording Company.

Dixon appeared in the N.E.R.D. music video for "She Wants to Move". That song was from N.E.R.D.'s second album "Fly or Die". The last song Dixon recorded with her band was "Shoo Shoo Baby". It was recorded for the Disney movie "Valiant". In March 2005, they released their 'Greatest Hits' compilation. They also announced that they were going to start working separately. Dixon later announced that she signed a ₤500,000 contract deal with Polydor Records. She also announced that she will work on material for her first solo album. In the summer of 2005, she married her long-time fiancé, rapper MC Harvey (formerly of So Solid Crew).

Dixon spent a year preparing for her solo first album, "Fired Up". In June 2005, she announced the single "Superficial". After the song leaked illegally, the company said her next single would be "Lipstick". She released "Lipstick" on 14 August 2006. It went to number 13 on the UK Singles Chart. Dixon worked with several producers for her first solo album, including Richard X, Xenomania, Johnny Douglas, Brian Higgins, and Paul Eppe. She worked on a song with famous UK singer Estelle.

Dixon announced that her second single would be "Knock Down". She calls the song "reggae-influenced". It was released on 30 October 2006. An album promo of "Fired Up" was released during the early weeks of September. It had the songs "Lipstick", "Knock Down", "Ting-A-Ling", "Fired Up", and "Free". All those songs were expected to be on her first album.

After "Knock Down" did not chart in the top 40, her record company dumped her. "Fired Up" was not released anywhere except Japan. After winning "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2007 she made a comeback. In 2008, Dixon released "The Boy Does Nothing", the lead single from her album "The Alesha Show". She then released "Breathe Slow" which charted at number three on the UK Singles Chart. That was her highest-charting single so far.

Dixon gave birth to her first child, Azura Sienna, in 2013.



Lake Tahoe

Lake Tahoe or Tahoe is a fresh water lake in the Sierra Nevada. It is on the borders of the states of California and Nevada, in the United States of America.

Lake Tahoe is one of the deepest (1645 feet/501 m), largest (192 sq. mi./497 km²), and highest elevation (6229 feet/1898 m) lakes in the United States. Of the lakes in the United States, only Oregon's Crater Lake is deeper at 1930 feet (588 m).

Some visitors experience altitude sickness, because there is less oxygen in the air at higher altitudes. To fight this, experts recommend avoiding heavy exercise or drinking alcohol until the body adjusts to the lower oxygen level.

Dull, Perth and Kinross

Dull is a village located in the county of Perth & Kinross in Scotland. It is in the Highland part of the county. There is only one street of houses in Dull, on the north side of the valley of the River Tay. The place-name means 'meadow' in Gaelic. The parish church, unused since the 1970s, is on the site of an early Christian monastery founded by St. Adomnán, Abbot of Iona.

Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde

Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1886. The book has been adapted to movies, comic books, and other media.

Dr Henry Jekyll is a respected doctor. He believes that man has both good and evil sides. He creates a serum of a special drug. It is supposed to separate the two different sides. He tests it on himself. The experiment succeeds all too well. Dr Jekyll changes into his evil self, Edward Hyde. Hyde commits horrible crimes in London, and changes back into Dr Jekyll. Eventually, Jekyll turns into Hyde without wishing to, resulting in Jekyll committing suicide.

The novel is based on the Victorian English idea of pretending to be someone else, and acting a different way around other people to look more respectable. This is shown by Jekyll changing into Hyde. It is also a variation on the theme of "scientist meddling with nature comes to grief".

Hafez al-Assad

Hafez al-Assad (; 6 October 1930 – 10 June 2000) was president of Syria from 1971 until his death. He was also the general of Syrian Air Force from 1955 - 1972. He was born in Qardaha and died in Damascus. He had four sons and a daughter. His eldest son Bassel al-Assad died in 1994. In 2000, al-Assad died of a heart attack. He was succeeded as president by his second-oldest son Bashar al-Assad (born 1965), who still has that job.

Eroticism

Eroticism is the quality of sexual excitement. In other words, if something is sexually exciting, then it is said to be "erotic". Eroticism is an "erotic" feeling. It is named after Eros, the Ancient Greek god of love.

Many types of things can be part of "eroticism". Things that make a person feel erotic (sexually aroused or excited) include the sight, touch, smell, and sound of another person. A person may feel erotic when they see or touch or smell, or hear someone that they love in a sexual way. 

Sometimes "eroticism" has nothing to do with another person. A person might feel erotic from watching a movie, looking at pictures in a magazine, listening to a piece of music, reading a story or article, or just thinking their own thoughts, or being aware of their own body. In fact, everything can be eroticism for someone.

Some things are designed and made especially to make people feel erotic. Things that are designed to make people feel erotic are called "erotica". This word is most often used for art, books and magazines.


Most people believe there is a difference between "erotica" and "pornography", but some people have argued that all "erotica" is "pornographic". (In other words, some people believe that all pictures, movies or writing which are sexually exciting are rude and wrong, and should not be made.)

People who have studied this subject say that erotica is not harmful to anyone, and may be helpful with people's loving relationships. The same writers say that pornography, which generally shows a person being treated without respect or love, is not helpful with people's loving relationships.


Tarantella

A Tarantella is a very fast dance in 6/8 time. The name comes from the town of Taranto in Italy. People used to believe that if someone was bitten by a tarantula spider they needed to do this dance in order to drive out the poison. The dancer would get more and more excited until he (or she) seemed mad.

Some people think that maybe these people never really believed this, but that it was an excuse to dance at a time when the church said that dancing was not allowed. The spider is, in fact, only a little bit poisonous.

Some composers enjoyed writing fast pieces in 6/8 time which they called "Tarantella". Mendelssohn wrote one as the last movement of his Symphony no 4 (the Italian). Chopin and Liszt also wrote Tarantellas.


Flag of Germany

The flag of Germany (German: "Bundesflagge") was adopted in its present form in 1919. It was readopted with the new constitution of 1949. It has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured black (top), red, and gold (bottom).

The "Dienstflagge" or service flag is the version of the flag for government use. It has the national coat of arms in the centre. Ships of the German Navy use this flag with a triangle cut out of the end as an ensign.

Some states use the national flag with the state coat of arms as a state flag, the black stands for determination, red for bravery and yellow for valour.

The modern Black-Red-Gold tricolour of German was first seen in the 1840s used ‘officially’ for the first time by the short lived between 1848 and 1849, It was readopted by the Weimar Republic in 1919 and then again in 1949 after the collapse of the Nazi Regime and the Occupation of Germany ended. It was used as is in the Federal German Republic, aka West Germany, and in East Germany a laurel of Wheat with a hammer and compass inside was placed over the tricolour. After reunion of Germany in 1990 the blank tricolour was used only and the eastern design was abandoned. Other types of German flags are flown in modern Germany by political groups, some far rightist and Neo-Fascists of Germany sometimes wave the Imperial German flag as the Swastika is banned. Although there is a small portion of people who fly it for a monarchist cause as well. Occasionally leftist Germans political groups fly the old Eastern German flag as well.

The German Empire and North German Confederation used a flag that was a tricolour of black white and red, dubbed the . First designed in 1867 the flag was based partially on the earlier flag of 

Under the Nazi government between 1933 and 1935 Germany used the Black, white and red Tricolour, resurrected from the flag of the German Empire. In 1935 Germany adopted a with a swastika on it, used between 1935 and 45. The red represented the ideals of the Nazi Movement while the white symbolised national ideals and thought. Based on the NDSAP party badge which contained a red circle with German text with a swastika in the middle. It is not legal to put up this flag in Germany now. There was an early prototype idea of the German flag which contained a cog around the white circle representing trade unions and the German people. The idea was never made official, just used as a symbol of the 

After the fall of the Nazis Germany was divided in four occupation zones, none having a flag, the commonly used merchant flag of Germany was used as a semi official flag being so recognisable. Dubbed the ‘C-Pennant’ It is a 5 striped flag, Blue stripes at the top and bottom, red in the middle and white between.

After the unification for the British, French, and American occupation zones of Germany into the Federal German Republic they adapted the former Weimar flag for their republic, The east used a modified version with communist and socialist symbolisms included.

Ancona

Ancona ( (elbow)) is a "comune" and a seaport in the Marche region, in central Italy. Ancona is the capital of the province of Ancona and of the region.

Ancona is one of the main ports on the Adriatic Sea, especially for passenger traffic, and is the main economic and demographic centre of the region.

Ancona is on the Adriatic Sea. It is the center of the province and the capital of the region. The city is northeast of Rome. The town is between Monte Conero, Monte Astagno and Monte Guasco.

The "comune" borders with the following "comuni"ː Agugliano, Camerano, Camerata Picena, Falconara Marittima, Offagna, Osimo, Polverigi, Sirolo.

The climate in Ancona is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfa (humid subtropical climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Ancona is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Ancona is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

There are 100,696 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "anconetani" or "anconitani".

There are also several fine late Gothic buildings, including the "Palazzo Benincasa", the "Palazzo del Senato" and the "Loggia dei Mercanti", all by Giorgio da Sebenico, and the "Palazzo del Governo", which has Renaissance additions.

Ancona is twinned with:

Fermo

Fermo () is a "comune" and city in the Marche region, in central Italy. Fermo is the capital of the province of Fermo.

Fermo is on a hill only a few miles from the coast of the Adriatic Sea. It is region with a high population density near seaports like Porto San Giorgio and Porto Sant'Elpidio.

Fermo is on a hill, the "Sabulo", high, at about from the Adriatic Sea. It has an area of and its altitude is .

The "comune" borders with the following "comuni"ː Altidona, Lapedona and Monterubbiano to the south; Ponzano di Fermo to the southwest; Grottazzolina, Magliano di Tenna and Rapagnano to the west; Torre San Patrizio to the northwest; Monte Urano, Sant'Elpidio a Mare and Porto Sant'Elpidio to the north. To the east is Porto San Giorgio and the Adriatic Sea.

The "comune" has two small exclavesː the largest ("Gabbiano") has an area of and is surrounded by Mogliano (province of Macerata), Francavilla d'Ete, Massa Fermana and Montegiorgio; and the smallest ("Boara") has an area of and is surrounded by Montegiorgio, Magliano di Tenna, Grottazzolina and Belmonte Piceno.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Fermoː Camera, Campiglione, Cantagallo, Casabianca, Capodarco, Cartiera di Tenna, Concerie, Contrada Boara, Ete Palazzina, Faleriense, Gabbiano, Girola, Lido di Fermo, Madonnetta d'Ete, Marina Palmense, Moie, Molini Tenna, Montesecco, Montone, Parete, Pompeiana, Ponte Ete Vivo, Sacri Cuori, Salette, Salvano, San Biagio, San Girolamo, San Lorenzo, San Marco, San Michele, Lido San Tommaso, Torre di Palme and Villa San Claudio.

There are 37,396 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "fermani".

Fermo is twinned with:


Macerata

Macerata is a city and "comune" in the Marche region, central Italy. It is the capital of the province of Macerata.

The football team is A.C. Maceratese. They play in the D League.

The historical city centre is on a hill between the Chienti and Potenza rivers. The "comune" of Macerata has an area of and its altitude is .

Macerata borders with the "comuni" Corridonia, Montecassiano, Pollenza, Appignano, Treia, Montelupone, Morrovalle, Recanati and Tolentino (a small part).

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Macerataː Acquesalate, Acquevive, Botonto San Giacomo, Botonto Sant'Isidoro, Cervare, Cimarella, Cincinelli, Collevario, Colleverde, Consalvi, Corneto, Helvia Recina, Isola, Madonna del Monte, Montanello, Piediripa, Sforzacosta, Valle, Vallebona, Valteia, Villa Potenza.

There are 42,209 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "maceratesi".

Macerata is twinned with:


Ban

A ban is an action used to stop people from doing something, either bad or dangerous. Ban can also be made on products. For example, Singapore, a country, bans chewing gum. Ban may sometimes be made on the Internet, where an administrator or a moderator with higher powers than other members can stop vandals from causing harm to others. Sometimes, users of a website say that moderators or administrators have banhammers that they use to ban bad users.

Neurology

Neurology is a medical specialty that deals with the disorders of the nervous system. Neurology is about the medical diagnosis and treatment of conditions and illnesses of the nervous system. This can include both the physical condition of the brain, nerves, and brain messages between the body and the nervous system. Neurological practice relies heavily on the field of neurobiology, which is the scientific study of the nervous system.

World Federation of Neurology coordinates neurology researches.

Neurology also references to animals, not only to humans.



Steve Irwin

Stephen Robert Irwin (22 February 1962 – 4 September 2006) was an Australian zookeeper, television personality, wildlife expert, environmentalist, and conservationist. He was famous for the television program "The Crocodile Hunter", a well-known real-life animal program that he made with his wife Terri Irwin. Irwin's character and adventures on his program made him an international star.

Irwin's mother and father were Lyn and Bob Irwin was born in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The family moved to Queensland in 1970, when Irwin was 8. Bob Irwin was very interested in reptiles (a type of animal that includes snakes and crocodiles). When the family moved, Bob and Lyn Irwin started the small "Queensland Reptile and Fauna Park". Irwin lived there until he became an adult.

Irwin worked in his family's park when he was nine: feeding the animals, and taking care of the grounds. He began working with crocodiles when he was nine, and became a crocodile-trapper (someone who traps crocodiles without killing them) when he was older. Irwin trapped crocodiles that were near places where people lived, and kept them for the park. He also worked for free for the Queensland Government's "East Coast Crocodile Management program".

Irwin became head of the park in 1991 and changed the name to "Australia Zoo". In 1992, at the Zoo, he met and married Terri Raines. As part of the marriage event, Irwin and his wife went on a journey to trap crocodiles. The journey was recorded for television and became the first part of the television show "The Crocodile Hunter". This show made Irwin famous. "The Crocodile Hunter" has been seen by people in 120 countries across the world, and has a large number of fans (people who like it very much) in the UK and Australia. He made his fame wrestling crocodiles and other reptiles

Irwin made the zoo larger by adding the "Animal Planet Crocoseum", a place where rainforest birds can be seen, and the "Tiger Temple". He also started the "World Wildlife Warriors" (which was named the "Steve Irwin Conservation Foundation"), an organisation that tries to preserve rare animals that are in danger of dying out.

In 2003, one of the locomotives on "The Ghan", the Adelaide to Darwin railway was named the "Steve Irwin".

At about 11:00 a.m. Australian eastern standard time (01:00 UTC) on 4 September 2006, Irwin was cut in the chest by the tail of a stingray (a large sea animal) while snorkeling (a way of swimming using a tube to help you breathe under water) in Batt Reef, near Port Douglas in Queensland, Australia. He died from the wound. At the time, Irwin was being recorded for a television show, "The Ocean's Deadliest". Bad weather had stopped recording and Irwin took the time to record some different pictures for another program. Irwin's friend, John Stainton, was on Irwin's boat. Stainton says Irwin swam too near to one of the animals - "He came on top of the stingray and the stingray's barb "(a point on the stingrays' tail)" went up and into his chest and put a hole into his heart". His wife (Terri Irwin) did not find out about his death until a few hours later because she was trekking in Tasmania.



Karlstad

Karlstad is a city in Värmland, Sweden. About 58,544 people live there. Karlstad has a University and a Cathedral.


Search and seizure

Search and seizure is an act that police and other law enforcement authorities are allowed to do. It is when they search a place for evidence of a crime. If they find that evidence, they may take it. They usually knock the door down with a search warrant. Warrants are a document stating that the government has permission to go into a building due to found evidence.

Impulse (physics)

In classical mechanics, an impulse is defined as the integral of a force with respect to time:

where

Impulse is also described as the change in momentum. If the force and the mass of the object do not change, impulse can be simply expressed as:
where


Ruler

A ruler (or 'rule') is an instrument of measurement. Rulers measure length. Length is how long or short something is. Most rulers work by having numbers (parallel to the measuring edge) and little lines (perpendicular to the measuring edge). Rulers can also be used as a straight edge to draw lines with.

Rulers come in many different forms. They can be made of plastic, wood and metal, and other materials. Rulers also come in a variety of lengths. For example, there are 1 metre rulers, 30 centimetre rulers, 20 centimetre rulers and 15 centimetre rulers. These are examples of metric rulers. You can also get 1 yard rulers, 18 inch rulers and 6 inch rulers, etc. These are examples of imperial rulers.

Mutation

In biology, a mutation is a change in the genetic material. This means changes to the DNA or to the chromosomes which carry the DNA. These changes are heritable (can be passed on to the next generation) unless they have lethal effects.

Mutations can happen for several reasons. It can happen because of errors when "meiosis" produces the gametes (eggs & sperms). Damage by radiation, or by certain chemicals may cause mutations. Mutations occur at random.

Also, by derivation, an individual carrying the mutation may be called a mutant or a "mutation". So is the trait (character) most obviously affected by the mutation.

When DNA is copied mistakes are sometimes made – these are called mutations. There are four main types of mutations:

These terms are explained in the third diagram.

Mutations may be bad for the organism, or neutral, or benefit the organism. Sometimes mutations are fatal for the organism – the protein made by the 'new' DNA does not work at all, and causing the embryo to die. On the other hand, evolution is moved forward by mutations, when the new version of the protein works better for the organism.

Mutations are the ultimate source of variation, upon which "natural selection" acts. What happens is that some mutations affect the organism's ability to live and reproduce. This is an important part of the theory of evolution. The amount of heritable variation carried by a population can be huge, and as a result natural populations can change and adapt to conditions in their environment.


Södermanland

Södermanland is a province of Sweden. A part of Stockholm is in Södermanland.

Dalarna

Dalarna, Dalercarlia or the Dales is a province in Sweden. The province was part of Svealand before Sweden was consolidated in the 11th century.

Hälsingland

Hälsingland is a province of Sweden.

Stingray

The stingrays are a large suborder of the rays. They are cartilaginous fish related to sharks. They are in the suborder Myliobatoidei of the order Myliobatiformes, which consists of nine families.

Most stingrays have one or more barbed stings on the tail, which is used "only" for self-defence. The sting may reach about 35 cm, and its underside has two grooves with venom glands. The sting is covered with a thin layer of skin, the sheath, in which the venom is held. A few members of the suborder, such as the manta rays and the porcupine ray, do not have stings.

Stingrays are common in coastal tropical and subtropical marine waters throughout the world. There are species in warm temperate oceans, and some found in the ocean. Some live in fresh water. Most stingrays live at or near the bottom of the water, but some are pelagic.

Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding, often leaving only their eyes and tail visible. Coral reefs are favorite feeding grounds and are usually shared with sharks during high tide.

The flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to hide themselves. Stingrays agitate the sand and hide beneath it. Their eyes are on top of their bodies and their mouths on the undersides. Stingrays use smell and electro-receptors (like those of sharks) to find their prey.

Stingrays feed mostly on molluscs, crustaceans, and occasionally on small fish. Some stingrays' mouths have two powerful, shell-crushing plates, while other species have sucking mouthparts that bring in the plankton.

Stingrays are ovoviviparous, bearing live young in 'litters' of five to thirteen. The female holds the embryos in the womb without a placenta. Instead, the embryos absorb nutrients from a yolk sac, and after the sac is depleted, the mother provides uterine 'milk'.

At the Sea Life London Aquarium two female stingrays have delivered seven baby stingrays, although the mothers have not been near a male for two years. "Rays have been known to store sperm and not give birth until they decide the timing is right".

Like all fish, stingrays get little parasites (such as flukes or copepods) on their gills or body. A cleaner fish helps the stingrays by eating the parasites it can get at.

There are eight families in the stingray group. They are:

Sergei Rachmaninoff

Sergei Vasilievich Rachmaninoff (; pronounced rahk-MAH-nin-off) was a famous Russian composer and pianist. He was born on April 1, 1873 (N.S.) and died on March 28, 1943. Because the Russian language uses a different alphabet his name is sometimes spelled in different ways in English (“Sergei” or “Sergey”, and “Rachmaninoff”, “Rachmaninov”, “Rakhmaninov” or “Rakhmaninoff”). "Sergei Rachmaninoff" is the way he spelled his own name when he was in the United States.

Rachmaninoff is considered one of the greatest pianists of the 20th century. He could play extremely difficult music and had very large hands, so that he could play chords with large stretches. It is said that he could play a 13th. Rachmaninoff was a very tall man for his times, standing about . Rachmaninoff is also considered a great composer, writing very well in the Romantic style, even though he lived most of his adult life in the 1900s, whereas the Romantic style period is usually said to have ended around 1910. His music is characterized by lyrical melodies that are very memorable. His piano compositions are among the most difficult to play in the keyboard.

Rachmaninoff was born in Semyonovo, near Novgorod in the north-west of Russia. Members of his family were important people who had been in the service of the tsars of Russia. His parents played the piano and arranged for him to have piano lessons in Saint Petersburg and then Moscow.

While he was still a student he wrote a short opera called "Aleko". He also wrote some piano pieces including a "Prelude in C sharp minor" with loud, heavy chords. This piece became extremely famous and is still very popular today. He used to get fed up with people asking him to play the piece.

Not all his music was well-liked at first. The critics thought his "First Symphony" was very bad. This may have been because the orchestra played it so badly some of Rachmaninoff's friends thought the conductor was drunk, but the public reaction made Rachmaninoff compose a lot less for a while. After some years of feeling depressed he wrote his "Second Piano Concerto" which everybody liked very much, and is one of his most popular pieces.

Rachmaninoff became happier. He was allowed to marry Natalia after years of engagement during which the Russian Orthodox Church did not want them to be married. The political conditions in Russia were bad so he lived in Germany and Italy for a time. After the Russian Revolution of 1917 he left his country and never returned. He had been very successful with his "Third Piano Concerto" in the United States, so he went to live in the United States in 1918. Russia had become the Soviet Union and for many years Rachmaninoff’s music was not allowed to be performed there. This worried him a lot and he felt homesick. He did not write very much music during the rest of his life in the United States. One work that did become very popular was the "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini" which he wrote in Switzerland in 1934. He died of melanoma in Beverly Hills, California.

Rachmaninoff’s piano music is mostly difficult to play. He wrote many short pieces called preludes, and some studies which are considered to be very hard. As well as the "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini" he wrote four piano concertos. The Second and Third are very popular today, as is his "Second Symphony". The second concerto reaches the lowest C on the piano, making it one of the lowest pieces of music (this is lower than a bass, which goes down to D).

He wrote some very beautiful choral music which includes a piece for choir and orchestra called "The Bells" and a very long, religious work called the "All-Night Vigil" (sometimes called the "Vespers").

He wrote some chamber music including a cello sonata.

There are several excellent recordings of Rachmaninoff playing his own music. Most of these are available now on CD reissues.


Turbot

The turbot ("Scophthalmus maximus") is a relatively large flatfish found in the Atlantic, Baltic Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.

Turbot are fished for food, and have a delicate flavour. They are farmed in a number of countries, and are quite expensive in restaurants.

When caught, professional fishermen often make small cuts through the bone near the tailfin. This lets the blood out and keeps the meat white. Storing the Turbot upside down also helps in keeping the underside of the fish white.

William Gallas

William Gallas (born 17 August 1977) is a French football player. He plays for Arsenal in England. He plays as a Defender.

Before joining Arsenal, Gallas has played for Olympique Marseille of France and Chelsea of England. He also played for France in the 2006 World Cup, winning the runner-up. In 2006 he turned to join Arsenal.

118||2||||||||||||||118||2
234||21||8||1||1||0||23||3||266||25
351||23||8||1||1||0||23||3||383||27

!Total||84||4

Ruud van Nistelrooy

Ruud Van Nistelrooy (born 1 July 1976) was a Dutch retired professional football player who has played for the Netherlands national team. He is the fourth-highest goalscorer in UEFA Champions League history with 56 goals. He played for Manchester United until 2006, where he has the record for being the club's top scorer in European competition. Van Nistelrooy last played for Hamburger SV. He retired on 14 May 2012.

167||92||14||7||colspan="2"|-||15||9||196||108
150||95||14||14||6||2||47||38||217||149
68||46||7||2||3||3||19||13||97||64
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
385||233||35||23||9||5||81||60||510||321

!Total||64||33

Rosa Parks

Rosa Louise McCauley Parks (February 4, 1913 – October 24, 2005) was an African-American civil rights activist. She was called "the mother of the Modern-Day American civil rights movement" and "the mother of the freedom movement".

Parks is best known for what she did in her home town of Montgomery, Alabama on December 1, 1955. While she sat in a seat in the middle of the bus, the bus driver told her to move to the back of the bus so a white passenger could take the seat in the front of the bus. During this time, when there were no white seats for white people, black people were told to get up out of their seat. Parks refused to move. She was a member of the local chapter of National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Like so many others she was tired of being treated as a lower class person because of the color of her skin. 

She was arrested. This led to the Montgomery bus boycott. The boycott lasted 381 days. This caused a change in the law. After that, black people were able to sit wherever they wanted to on the bus. Her refusal to let others treat her differently was an important symbol in the campaign against racial segregation.

Rosa Parks was born in Montgomery, Alabama, on February 4, 1913. Her parents were James and Leona McCauley. She was mainly of African ancestry. One of her great-grandfathers was Scots-Irish and went to Charleston, South Carolina as an indentured servant.

Her father left home to find work when Rosa was 2 years old. Her mother taught school in another town. Rosa and her brother Sylvester were brought up by their grandparents.

Rosa started school in 1919 when she was 6 years old. At that time, schools were segregated. There were black schools and white schools. Later, Parks remembered how buses took white students to their school, but black students had to walk to theirs:
"I'd see the bus pass every day... But to me, that was a way of life; we had no choice but to accept what was the custom. The bus was among the first ways I realized there was a black world and a white world."

In 1924 she went to the Montgomery Industrial School for Girls in Montgomery, Alabama. After 5 years, she left school and went to work in a shirt factory. She also took care of her grandmother.

On December 1, 1955, Parks got onto a city bus to go home after work. She paid her 10¢ and sat down in the first row of seats behind the painted line on the floor which marked the black section. After several stops, more white passengers got on the bus. The bus driver ordered Parks and three other black people to give up their seats so the white people could sit down. The other three moved to the back of the bus, but Parks slid over to the window. She said she was following the law by sitting in the right section. Later, she said that when she was told to go to the back of the bus, "I thought of Emmett Till and I just couldn't go back." (Till was a black 14-year-old boy who was lynched in Mississippi about three months earlier.)

The driver stopped the bus and called the police. Two police officers arrested Parks and took her to jail for violating Alabama's bus laws. 
Her mother called upon Edgar Nixon to bail her out. Nixon was the president of the local NAACP chapter. Nixon knew the danger Parks was in and immediately arranged her bail.

The local NAACP had been looking for a test case to challenge the bus segregation laws. Parks was a respected working woman. She was well-spoken, and her case would be a good way to challenge the law. It was decided that on December 5, a boycott of all the buses in Montgomery would be held.

The word was spread throughout the black community of the intended bus boycott. Black ministers told their congregations to support the boycott. On Monday, December 5th, Rosa Parks had to appear in court. This was also the first day black riders would stay off the Montgomery buses. The streets of Montgomery were filled with black people walking to work. Black children walked to school. That same morning, all Montgomery buses were assigned two motorcycle policemen to guard against any black gangs intimidating riders. There were no black gangs. The black community simply cooperated with the boycott. The buses remained empty all day. White riders fearing trouble stayed off the buses as well.

In addition to the charge of violating the bus laws, Parks was also charged with disorderly conduct. Her trial was quick, only about 30 minutes. The court found her guilty of all charges and fined her $14. The boycott continued.

Parks appealed her conviction. Her attorney, Fred Gray, and others in the NAACP brought an appeal named "Browder v. Gayle". The appeals court ruled on June 19, 1956 in favor of the black citizens of Montgomery. But the city appealed the decision.

On September 13, 1956, the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the lower court. The bus boycott ended. It had lasted 381 days. Black citizens of Montgomery could ride the buses and sit where they chose. Rosa Parks rode the bus again on December 21, 1956. This time it was an integrated bus. Ironically, she had the same bus driver who had her arrested the year before. In an interview, Parks said "He didn't react (pause) and neither did I".

Rosa Parks was a heroine of the black community. While she didn't do it alone, her actions sparked a fire that led to great changes.

After the Montgomery Bus Boycott, Parks went through many difficulties. She lost her job at the department store. Her husband was forced to quit his job.

In 1957, Parks and her husband left Montgomery for Hampton, Virginia to find work. In Hampton, Parks found a job as a hostess in an inn at Hampton Institute, a historically black college.

Later, Parks and her husband moved to Detroit, Michigan. Parks continued to work as an activist. For years, she worked for United States Congressman John Conyers. After that, she worked as an activist against apartheid in South Africa. She also opened a center in Detroit that gave advice to black youth about careers and job opportunities.
In 1999, President Bill Clinton awarded Parks a Congressional Gold Medal. This is the United States' highest honor (most important award) for civilians. When he gave her the award, President Clinton said: 
"We must never ever, when this ceremony is over, forget about the power of ordinary people to stand in the fire for the cause of the human dignity." 

Parks died on October 24, 2005, at her home in Detroit due to dementia. On October 30, her casket lay in state in the United States Capitol. This is a great honor for people in the United States.


Euler's identity

Euler's identity, sometimes called Euler's equation, is this equation:

formula_1

It features the following mathematical constants:


It also features three of the basic mathematical operations: addition, multiplication and exponentiation.

Euler's identity is named after the Swiss mathematician Leonard Euler. It is not clear that he invented it himself.

Respondents to a "Physics World" poll called the identity "the most profound mathematical statement ever written", "uncanny and sublime", "filled with cosmic beauty" and "mind-blowing".

Many equations can be written as a series of terms added together. This is called a Taylor series.

The exponential function formula_8 can be written as the Taylor series

formula_9

As well, the sine function can be written as

formula_10

and cosine as

formula_11

Here, we see a pattern take form. formula_12 seems to be a sum of sine and cosine's Taylor series, except with all of the signs changed to positive. The identity we are actually proving is formula_13.

So, on the left side is formula_14, whose Taylor series is formula_15

We can see a pattern here, that every second term is "i" times sine's terms, and that the other terms are cosine's terms.

On the right side is formula_16, whose Taylor series is the Taylor series of cosine, plus "i" times the Taylor series of sine, which can be shown as:

formula_17

if we add these together, we have

formula_15

Therefore,

formula_13

Now, if we replace x with formula_2, we have:

formula_21

Since we know that formula_22 and formula_23, we have:
which is the statement of Euler's identity.


Hideki Tōjō

Hideki Tōjō (30 December 1884 – 23 December 1948) was the Prime Minister of Japan during most of World War II.

Hideki Tōjō was born on 30 December 1884 in Tokyo, Japan. He was the third son of a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army named Hidenori Tōjō. Tōjō had two older brothers but they died before he was born. 

In 1909, he married a woman named Katsuko Ito and he had seven children with her: three sons and four daughters.

In the late 1930s, Hideki Tōjō fought in the Second Sino-Japanese War, leading Japanese forces in occupied Manchuria. He returned to Tokyo in 1940 and held ministerial posts, where he urged an alliance with Germany and Italy against the Allied forces. Tojo became Prime Minister in 1941 and within two months ordered a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor planned by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto. He followed it with a declaration of war against the United States, Britain, and the Netherlands. 

After Japan surrendered, American troops went to arrest Tojo and surrounded his house. He shot himself four times in the chest, but missed and the bullets hit his stomach. Disarmed and with blood gushing out of his chest, Tojo began to talk. He said, "I am very sorry it is taking me so long to die. The Greater East Asia War was justified and righteous. I am very sorry for the nation and all the races of the Greater Asiatic powers. I wait for the righteous judgment of history. I wished to commit suicide but sometimes that fails." 

After his injuries healed, the Allies found Tojo guilty of war crimes and hanged him in Tokyo on 23 December 1948.


SuSE Linux

SUSE is a main version of a Linux distribution, produced in Germany and owned by Attachmate Group. SUSE is also a founding member of the Desktop Linux Consortium. Starting from version "10.2 Alpha 3" its official name is openSUSE. The current mascot of SUSE is a chameleon called "Geeko".

The SUSE Linux distribution was originally a German translation of Slackware Linux. The Slackware distribution was founded by Peter MacDonald, and was the first distribution to contain X and TCP/IP. S.u.S.E was founded in 1992 as a UNIX speaking group, which among other things regularly released software packages that included SLS and Slackware, and printed UNIX/Linux manuals. In 1994 the group released the first CD version of SLS/Slackware, under the name "S.u.S.E Linux 1.0." Then in 1996, SuSE Linux gained many aspects from Red Hat Linux. The name "SUSE Linux" came in September 2003.

On 4 November 2003, Novell announced it would buy SuSE. They planned to release the administration program YaST2 under the GPL license and add a community project, openSUSE. The openSUSE desktop environment can be GNOME or KDE. Most parts of the program were "open"—not completely, but more than before. The version "10.0" was the first version that had public beta testing. The philosophy changed from before. There were multiple versions of the "10.0" Linux distribution for download. They are "OSS" (completely open source), with all programs "free" and without proprietary softwares, and "eval" (has both open source and proprietary applications).


Laissez-faire

Laissez-faire is an economic and political philosophy. It is from a French phrase that means to "leave alone". It means that government does not interfere with business and economy. Finance and trade decisions are left for the private individual to make. It is the belief that unregulated competition in business represents the best path to progress. Supporters claim that a free and unregulated market creates a natural balance between supply and demand. The phrase is supposed to have come from the 18th century. In a meeting between the French finance minister Colbert and a businessman named Le Gendre, Colbert asked how the government could help commerce. Le Gendre replied "Let us do what we want to do".

In Ancient China, there were three schools of political thought. Taoism believed in almost no economic interference by the government. Legalism included the belief that the state should have the maximum power. They created the traditional Chinese bureaucratic empire. Confucianism was split between these two extremes although was closer to Legalism than Taoism. 

During the 19th century Laissez faire developed as a social and economic philosophy. It was believed that government involvement in business was harmful at worst and ineffective at best. Socially, it was believed that government intervention to help the poor was harmful because it made them lazy and dependent on the government. Economically there was debate at this time in Europe and the United States over whether free trade or tariffs promoted the most economic growth. Up until the 1840s protectionism was favored over Laissez faire. In Britain the Corn Laws placed high tariffs on imported corn to protect British farmers and land owners. 



Walter Moers

Walter Moers (born 24 May 1957 in Mönchengladbach, Germany) is one of the best-known and most commercially successful German comic book creators and authors.



Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger

Dorothy Marie "Dottie" Metcalf-Lindenburger (born on May 2, 1975 in Colorado Springs, Colorado) is an American astronaut. She works for NASA.

She is married to Jason Metcalf-Lindenburger, who was a 7th grade school teacher at the time.

Metcalf-Lindenburger was selected by NASA in May 2004 and began training. Astronaut Candidate Training includes tours, many scientific and technical meetings, much learning about the Shuttle and International Space Station systems, physiological training, T-38 flight training, and water and wilderness survival training. 

She successfully finished this training in February 2006. This qualified her as a NASA Astronaut.




Worker

A worker is a person who works. This usually means a person who does manual labour, like manufacturing goods. In economics there are three factors of production. These are "labour" (the work done by workers), land (usually people need some space to produce something), and capital (it will cost resources, or money, to produce something).

People who work, usually get paid for the work they do. This is either called wages (if it is bound to a time period, like an hour), or a salary (if it is independent of the time taken). 

May Day is an international holiday for workers' rights.

Actinium

Actinium is chemical element 89 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Ac. Actinium's mass is 227 g/mol. 

Actinium is a silver radioactive, solid metal in actinide group. It is so radioactive that it glows in the dark. Even a small amount of actinium is dangerous to people.

Actinium was discovered in 1899 by André-Louis Debierne, a French chemist. In 1899, Debierne described the substance as similar to titanium and (in 1900) as similar to thorium.

Actinium is a soft, silvery-white, radioactive metal. Its estimated shear modulus is similar to that of lead. Because its strong radioactivity, actinium glows in the dark with a pale blue light.

Actinium reacts quickly with oxygen and moisture in air forming a white coating of actinium oxide that stops the actinium from oxidizing.

Actinium that is found in nature is made up of two radionuclides Ac and Ac. Thirty-six radionuclides of actinium have been found. The most stable is Ac which has a half-life of 21.772 years. The shortest-lived known isotope of actinium is Ac which has a half-life of 69 nanoseconds.

Actinium is only found in trace amounts in uranium ores. For example, one tonne of uranium ore contains about 0.2 milligrams of Ac. Thorium ores contain about 5 nanograms of Ac per one tonne of thorium.

Ac is now being studied for use in cancer treatments. Ac is studied for use as an active element of radioisotope thermoelectric generators. Ac is used in medicine to make Bi in a reusable generator. It can be used in radiation therapy.

Alyson Michalka

Alyson Renee "Aly" Michalka (born March 25, 1989) is an American actress and musician. She works with Disney Channel and takes part in duo group 78violet with her sister, Amanda Michalka. She is most well known for playing the part of Keely Teslow on the Disney series Phil of the Future.

Alyson Michalka was born in Torrance, California, United States on March 25, 1989 to Mark Michalka and Carrie Begley-Michalka. She was raised mostly in the city of Seattle, Washington. She has two dogs named Saint and Bandit.

She began to be home schooled. She started acting for Disney Channel on "Phil of the Future", then began her singing career. She says on "Disney 411" that she started playing guitar with her sister at the ages of 12 and 10. She lives in a multimillion-dollar California mansion.

Michalka has been singing since her sister was able to speak and sing. Then, for the movie "Now You See It..." her sister and she started a band and created a music video called "Do You Believe In Magic?". The band is called 78violet. Then they left Disney Channel to "take off" with their musical career.

Soon she started acting for Disney Channel in the show "Phil of the Future", which she had quit in 2006. She has been seen in many movies, outside of Disney channel, she worked with WB and NBC with TV dramas with her sister. She was most known for playing "Keely Teslow" in "Phil of the Future" on Disney Channel, though now has gained popularity being in a band. She has been in other Disney Channel productions like "Now You See It..." and "Cow Belles". She is half of the musical duo 78violet, with her sister.




Phil of the Future

Phil of the Future is an American comedy children's television series. It was produced by 2121 Productions (a part of Brookwell McNamara Entertainment). It was first shown on June 18, 2004 on the Disney Channel, and ended on August 19, 2006 as part of the Disney Channel Games. Stars of the show include Ricky Ullman (Phil Diffy), Amy Bruckner (Pim Diffy), and Alyson Michalka (Keely Teslow). The last episode was shown in the United States on August 19, 2006.





Brenda Song

Brenda Song (born March 27, 1988) is an American actress. She is also a former child model. Song was first famous for her appearances on the Disney Channel. She was a regular part on "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody". Her character was noted as one of the Disney Channel's longest continuous characters. In 2010, she moved into mainstream movies and TV. These included "Changeland", "Angry Angel", and "Station 19".

Brenda Song was born in Carmichael, California to a Hmong American father and a Thai American mother. Song has two younger brothers, Timmy and Nathan. Brenda Song holds a black belt in Taekwondo and was named an All-American Scholar in ninth grade.

Brenda Song began acting and modeling at age 6. She also played a very minor role in a skit on MADtv.

One of Song's more notable acting roles is her portrayal of London Tipton in the Disney Channel Original Series "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody" (along with Ashley Tisdale and twins Cole and Dylan Sprouse). She later continued this role in the spin-off "The Suite Life on Deck". She also played a recurring role as Tia in the Disney Channel Original Series "Phil of the Future". Song had minor guest appearances on both "That's So Raven" and "".

Song had her first starring role in 2006 in the movie "".

In 2010, Song was part of the main cast of "The Social Network". This marked her entry into mainstream movies and TV.

In 2012, Song starred in the short film "First Kiss" along with her "Social Network" costar Joseph Mazzello.

In 2017, Song was cast in Freeform's movie, "Angry Angel".

In January 2019, Song was cast in a starring role in the Hulu television series "Dollface" alongside Kat Dennings.

She has received a black belt in one martial arts and had used her skills in the Disney Channel movie, "".

In 2017, Song began a relationship with actor Macaulay Culkin. They have a daughter together named Dakota, born in 2021.


William E. Nelson

William E. Nelson (born February 18, 1941) is an Environmental Wax Researcher.

Racket

Racket might mean:


Guide dog

Guide dogs are dogs trained to help blind or vision impaired people live on their own. They are sometimes called "Seeing Eye" dogs. Guide dogs are one type of assistance animals, which are animals trained to help people with a disability to lead more complete lives.

The blind person (sometimes called a "handler") and the dog need to work together. Both the dog and the handler must take special training to learn how to work as a team. The handler needs to let the guide dog know the direction they want to go. The dog can lead the person around things that may be dangerous, such as moving cars or other things. Also, guide dogs may be taught to press buttons to work elevators or get things for their handler. Because dogs cannot see colors as well as people, they cannot read traffic signals, so the handler must use ways to tell if it is safe to cross a street.

Because the guide dog and handler will be in public, it is important that the dog stays calm in busy or loud areas. In many countries, guide dogs are allowed inside places where animals normally are not allowed, such as restaurants, stores, buses and trains.

Germany started the first guide dog schools during World War 1, to help soldiers who were blinded in the war. By 1931, schools and organizations such as The Seeing Eye in Morristown, New Jersey in the United States and the British Guide Dog Association in the United Kingdom were founded.


Keelung City

Keelung (; Hokkien POJ: '), officially known as Keelung City"', is a provincial city of Taiwan Province, Republic of China. It is in the northeastern part of the island. It is next to Taipei County. Nicknamed the "Rainy Port" for its frequent rain and maritime role, the city is Taiwan's second largest seaport (after Kaohsiung). 

Keelung was first inhabited by the Ketagalan, a tribe of Taiwanese aborigine. The Spanish expedition to Formosa in the early 17th century was its first contact with the West; by 1624 the Spanish had built , a fort in Keelung serving as an outpost of the Manila-based Spanish East Indies. The Spanish ruled it as a part of Spanish Formosa. From 1642 to 1661 and 1663–1668, Keelung was under Dutch control. The Dutch East India Company took over the Spanish Fort San Salvador at Santissima Trinidad.

Keelung is twinned with:


Chocolate cake

A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate or cocoa. The ingredients are put into a bowl and mixed together; then the mixed ingredients are put into a cake tin and put in an oven until it is fully cooked. Then the cake is taken out of the oven and placed on a cooling stand. If the cake maker wants to, they can ice the cake, when it has cooled down, by spreading thick icing on it. Chocolate cakes are sold in shops as well as made at home. They are a sweet food and should not be eaten all the time, which would be unhealthy.

There are many different types of chocolate cake, depending on the recipe and different types of chocolate used. Different countries have different recipes for chocolate cakes. In France, "gâteau au chocolate" is popular. In Germany, "Sachertorte" is popular.

In 1828 Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands made a mechanical extraction method for taking away the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the mostly de-fatted cacao. It was a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was "rock cacao" or ground into powder. The processes made chocolate from an luxury to an cheap daily snack. A process for making smoother chocolate called conching was made in 1879 by Swiss Rodolphe and made it easier to bake with chocolate as it ""amalgamates smoothly and completely with cake batters"." Until 1890 to 1900 chocolate recipes were mostly for drinks.
In the U.S., chocolate decadence cakes were popular in the 1980s; in the 1990s, single-serve chocolate cakes with liquid chocolate centers were popular.

Ten Who Dared

Ten Who Dared is a movie made by Disney in 1960. It tells the real story of an officer of the United States Army called John Wesley Powell who was the first to travel up the Colorado river with other nine men to make a map of the region, and the dangers they had to face in their trip.

Some people say it is one of the worst movies made by Disney.


Imaginary unit

In math, the imaginary unit (written as formula_1) is a mathematical constant that only exists outside of the real numbers and is used in algebra. When we multiply the imaginary unit by a real number, we call the result an imaginary number. Though imaginary numbers can be used to solve a lot of mathematical problems, they cannot be represented by an amount of real life objects.

Imaginary units were invented to answer the polynomial equation formula_2, which normally has no solution (see below). The term "imaginary" comes from by René Descartes and was meant to be insulting as, like zero and negative numbers at other times in history, imaginary numbers were thought to be useless as they are not natural. It wasn't until later centuries that the work of mathematicians like Leonhard Euler, Augustin-Louis Cauchy and Carl Friedrich Gauss would prove that imaginary numbers were very important for some areas of algebra.

A common rule for multiplying and dividing numbers is that if the signs are different then the result is negative (e.g. formula_3), but if both numbers have the same sign then the result will be positive (e.g. formula_4 and formula_5). However, this leads to problems with square root numbers of negatives, as two negative numbers will always make a positive number:

To fill in this value gap the imaginary unit was made, which is defined as formula_10 and formula_11. Using imaginary numbers we can solve our last example:

Although the imaginary unit comes from solving a quadratic equation (an equation where the unknown appears squared), we could ask whether we need to create new number values like the imaginary unit to solve equations where higher powers of formula_16 like formula_17 and formula_18 appear. For example, the equation formula_19 has a fourth power of the unknown variable formula_16. Do we need new units like formula_1 to solve this equation?

We could also ask a similar question: we needed to create a new number to find the square root of -1, and we called this new number formula_1. Do we need to create a new number to find the square root(s) of formula_1?

It turns out the answer to both these questions is no. For the second question, the square roots of formula_1 can be written in terms of a real part and an imaginary part. Specifically, the square roots of formula_1 can be written as: formula_26. We can check that these are really the square roots of formula_1 by squaring them and seeing if we get formula_1:

We can also notice that formula_29, so formula_30 solves the equation formula_19, partially answering our first question-- for the equation formula_19, the solutions are still complex numbers (the result of adding a real number and an imaginary number). There are two more solutions for this particular equation, formula_33, and they are also complex numbers. No new numbers like the imaginary unit are needed to solve the equation.

In general, "every" equation where the unknown appears with whole number powers can be solved by complex numbers, so once we know about the imaginary unit, we can solve any equation of this form. This result is so important that it is called the fundamental theorem of algebra.

The powers of formula_1 or formula_1 follow a regular and predictable pattern:

As shown, each time we multiply by another formula_1 the values are formula_49 and then repeat.


Phycology

Phycology (or algology), a part of botany, is the study of algae. Algae are important as primary producers in aquatic ecosystems. Most algae are eukaryotic, photosynthetic organisms that live in a wet environment. They are different from the higher plants by a lack of "normal" roots, stems or leaves. Many types have one cell and are very small or microscopic (including plankton and other microalgae); many others have many cells; some of these are very big, like seaweeds such as kelp and "Sargassum".

Phycology includes the study of prokaryotic forms known as blue-green algae or cyanobacteria. Some microscopic algae are also in lichens.

A phycologist is a person who studies phycology...

Snorkeling

Snorkeling is swimming while using a tube to breathe underwater. Snorkeling is a very popular activity, particularly in places with clear, calm, warm oceans. It allows people to see underwater life in a natural setting, without the complicated equipment and training required for scuba diving. 

Generally, people snorkel in shallow reefs ranging from sea level to 4 meters (13 feet) deep. Snorkelers can also explore deep water reefs. However, to see deeper reefs, a snorkeler has to hold their breath and dive down to the reef to see it. This kind of snorkeling takes more skill and fitness than shallow water snorkeling. It is also more dangerous than shallow water snorkeling.

Snorkelers use masks so they can see underwater. This allows them to see fish, coral reefs, and other kinds of sea life.

Man has always been interested by what is under the ocean. Evidence shows that people have been free diving for at least 5,000 years. The earliest known free divers were sponge farmers in Crete, who lived around 3000 B.C.E. These farmers used free diving to collect underwater sponges. They used hollow reeds like modern snorkels, to allow them to breathe while underwater.

Snorkelers use three basic pieces of equipment:

Snorkeling is swimming on the surface of the water, with the head and nose under the water, using a diving mask, snorkel, and diving fins. Scuba diving is swimming with the whole body underwater. Scuba divers breathe through an oxygen tank, which allows them to breathe underwater for long periods at a time. Scuba divers also wear a tight diving suit, a diving mask, and diving fins.

Before a person can scuba dive, they have to get training how to use the breathing equipment and dive to deep waters. Snorkeling does not require any training. People who cannot swim can still snorkel if they use a life jacket to keep them floating on the water.


Kelly Tarlton's Antarctic Encounter and Underwater World

Kelly Tarlton's Antarctic Encounter and Underwater World is an aquarium in Auckland, New Zealand. It is all underground and within the walls of Auckland City's sewage holding tanks, unused since 1961. It opened on January 25 1985.

Kelly Tarlton, an avid diver, treasure hunter and undersea explorer, was responsible for the Underwater World concept and construction. 

Construction took 10 months and cost $3 million. Kelly Tarlton died suddenly of a heart attack on March 17, 1985, seven weeks after the Underwater World opened.

Large sharks, stingrays and 1500 fish of forty different species may be viewed through a 114 metre-long underwater plexiglass tunnel in a figure-of-eight shape. The plexiglass is 7 centimetres thick.


List of cat breeds

This page lists breeds of domestic cats. The list includes breeds that are old traditional breeds, and also rare breeds or new breeds that are still being developed. Please see individual articles for more information.

Grave (mass)

Grave, shortened as "gv", was the word that was used to describe mass before the word "kilogram" was introduced. "Grave" comes from the word "gravity" and was first used in 1793 in France. The name "kilogram" was introduced in 1795 but was not the official word for mass until 1875.

In order to have full consistency in the International System of Units (SI), many people think that the kilogram should be called something different. Using the word "kilogram" creates a problem because it is a base unit that has the prefix "kilo" already in its name. To fix the problem, some people have suggested using the word "grave" again.


The Smiths

The Smiths were an English rock band from Manchester. They formed in 1982 and split up in 1987. They released four studio albums. The band consisted of Morrissey (singing), Johnny Marr (guitar), Andy Rourke (bass) and Mike Joyce (drums). Critics have called them the most important alternative rock band to emerge from the British independent music scene of the 1980s. "Q" magazine writer Simon Goddard wrote that The Smiths were the one truly important group of the 1980s, "the most influential British guitar group of the decade" and the first independent group to become successful in the main music scene.

The band was based on the songwriting partnership of Morrissey and Marr. They signed to the independent record label Rough Trade Records. On this, they released four studio albums: "The Smiths" (1984), "Meat Is Murder" (1985), "The Queen Is Dead" (1986) and "Strangeways, Here We Come" (1987). They have also released several compilations, and many singles that were not released on any of their studio albums.

The Smiths had several singles reach the UK top twenty. All four of their albums reached the UK top five, including one which topped the charts. They won a large following of fans. The band had limited commercial success outside the UK while they were still together. The band broke up in 1987 and have refused several offers to reunite.

The music focuses on a guitar, bass and drum sound. They blend 1960s rock and post-punk. This sounded very different to the synthesiser-based contemporary dance pop that was popular in the early 1980s. Marr's guitar playing on his Rickenbacker often had a jangly sound influenced by Roger McGuinn of the 1960s group The Byrds. It influenced later bands from Manchester, such as The Stone Roses and Oasis. Morrissey's lyrics combined stories about ordinary people's lives with a sense of humour.




Countdown (game show)

Countdown is a British game show on Channel 4. It began on 2 November 1982 as the first programme to air on Channel 4. It is currently presented by Colin Murray and Rachel Riley with etymologist Susie Dent in Dictionary Corner alongside a celebrity guest. It was hosted by Richard Whiteley until his death in 2005, then by Des Lynam from 2005 to 2006 and then by Des O'Connor from 2007 to 2008. Both O'Connor and Carol Vorderman, the show's co-host who has been on the programme since it began, left the show in December 2008. From 2009, Jeff Stelling and Rachel Riley replaced O'Connor and Vorderman respectively. It has been hosted by Nick Hewer from 2012 to 2021, on 28 June 2021, Anne Robinson became the host but she presented her final show on 13 July 2022 with Colin Murray taking over the next day. The show was 30 minutes long, but since 2001, it is 45 minutes long.

With nearly 8,000 episodes, it is one of the longest-running game shows in the world, along with the original French version Des chiffres et des lettres which has been running on French television continuously since 1972.

"Countdown" originated from the format of the French game show "Des chiffres et des lettres" ("Numbers and Letters"), created by Armand Jammot. After watching the programme, Belgian record executive Marcel Stellman brought the format to Britain on the belief it could be popular overseas and proposed his concept for the British version to several networks. The concept was purchased in the early 1980s by Yorkshire Television which commissioned a series of eight shows under the title "Calendar Countdown", aimed at being a spin-off of their regional news programme "Calendar" with the programme's host Richard Whiteley deemed the natural choice for the concept. The spin-off was aired only in the Yorkshire area, with Whiteley earning the nickname of "Twice Nightly Whiteley" because of his daily appearances on both programmes. He was assisted by Cathy Hytner and Denise McFarland-Cruickshanks who handled the letters and numbers rounds respectively.

By 1982, after an additional pilot episode was made with a refined format, an episode that was never broadcast - the show was bought up by Channel 4, a new British television channel set to launch in November 1982, based on the refined concept. While Whiteley and Hytner from the original cast were retained, the programme was renamed "Countdown", with the format was expanded to include additional members in the hosting team, including letters and number experts. An additional spin-off to the programme for young contestants was proposed at the same time, dubbed "Junior Countdown," the concept would be similar in format, but with it hosted by Gyles Brandreth and Ted Moult, but while a pilot was created, the proposal was abandoned after it was found to be highly flawed. Instead, the production staff opted to allow contestants of differing ages, young and old, to participate on "Countdown".

The show with its first episode was the first to be broadcast when the channel launched on 2 November 1982, with Whiteley opening the programme with the line:

Alongside the original cast from "Calendar Countdown", the new format of the show led to production staff seeking out further hostesses through advertisements in national newspapers for young women to become a member of the programme's cast, with notable conditions about their involvement, in particular, those recruited for calculations found it made clear that as an applicant, their appearance would be less important than their skill as a mathematician. Amongst those recruited, Beverley Isherwood was hired to work alongside Hytner in handling the selection of number and letter tiles respectively, while Linda Barrett and Carol Vorderman were recruited for checking over calculations by contestants in the numbers round. In addition, a lexicographer was also required to form part of the format's "Dictionary Corner" segment of the show, in order to verify words given by contestants in the letters round (see "Letters round rules"), along with pointing out any longer or otherwise interesting words available, such a role was aided by the show's producers, with no assistance from any computer programme and the role accompanied by a celebrity guest for a set period on the programme, contributing words and providing entertainment through anecdotes, puzzles, poems and stories. Amongst these who have appeared on the programme are Nigel Rees, Jo Brand, Martin Jarvis, Richard Digance, Geoffrey Durham, Ken Bruce, Magnus Magnusson, Pam Ayres, Paul Zenon, Jenny Eclair, Al Murray, John Sergeant and Gyles Brandreth.

Over time, the additional hostesses on the programme were dropped by production staff but retained Vorderman and assigned her primarily to handle the selection of letter and number tiles, as well as verifying contestant calculations. Thus her role was expanded to that of a co-presenter alongside Whiteley in 1989. The programme frequently rotated between various lexicographers, including Richard Samson and Alison Heard, for each series, until in 2003 the role was permanently given to Susie Dent, after her debut on "Countdown" in 1992.

On 26 June 2005, Whiteley died after a failed heart operation. At the time, he had been slowly recovering from pneumonia earlier that year. This had prevented him from recording further episodes. His death impacted the show, at the time on its 53rd series, causing the episode due to air on 27 June to be postponed by Channel 4 by one day as a mark of respect, while the remaining episodes he had managed to complete were aired after his death, beginning with a tearful tribute from Vorderman with the episode aired on 28 June. After the series' conclusion, "Countdown" was placed into hiatus after 1 July, the series Grand Final, to determine how to proceed.

In October 2005, Channel 4 announced that Des Lynam would take over as the main presenter, having previously participated in the celebrity edition ("Celebrity Countdown") in April 1998. His first show aired on 31 October 2005 and between January and April 2006, additional episodes aired on Saturdays. Lynam's tenure ran until December 2006, whereupon his demanding filming schedule forced him to resign from the programme. His departure was due to the travel requirements that his 2007 schedule required of him, despite an effort by Channel 4 to deal with this by changing the filming location from Leeds to a site closer to his residence in Worthing, West Sussex, viewers reacted angrily to the idea, while Lynam decided it would cause considerable disruption for many of the programme's camera crew.

In January 2007, Des O'Connor took over as the main presenter. During his tenure as host, Dent went on maternity leave over the Winter of 2007–08 and Alison Heard temporarily replaced her on the programme until 6 February 2008. By July 2008, both O'Connor and Vorderman had announced that they would be leaving by the end of that year, after the end of the 59th series. While O'Connor decided to leave in order to concentrate on other projects, Vorderman left after her offer to take a 33% salary decrease was rejected and production staff asked her to take a 90% pay cut, her agent stated that staff had told him that the show had survived without Whiteley and could "easily survive without you". Some media reports suggested that the new presenter would be either Rory Bremner, the early favourite, or Alexander Armstrong, but both ruled themselves out of the job. At the same time there was speculation that several prominent women, including Anthea Turner, Ulrika Jonsson and Myleene Klass, were strong candidates to take over Vorderman's job, but Channel 4 revealed that the role was to be assigned to a previously unknown male or female arithmetician with "charm and charisma", like what they did 26 years earlier when the show launched. O’Connor and Vorderman’s final episode aired on 12 December 2008.

In November 2008, Jeff Stelling was confirmed as the new host, while Oxford maths graduate Rachel Riley was confirmed as Vorderman's replacement. Their first episode aired on 12 January 2009. Stelling remained with the programme until his last episode aired on 16 December 2011 when his football commitments with Sky Sports forced him to reluctantly leave "Countdown". Prior to his departure, "The Apprentice" star Nick Hewer was announced as his replacement and he took over as the main presenter when his first episode aired on 9 January 2012. In 2020, during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it was announced that Colin Murray, a frequent Dictionary Corner guest, would fill in for Hewer while he spent a period of time in isolation due to the UK's second lockdown.

On 7 December 2020, Hewer announced that he would be stepping down as the host of "Countdown" at the end of series 83 in June 2021. Hewer said it had been "privilege and a pleasure to take the helm of "Countdown"". It was then announced on 15 February 2021 that Anne Robinson would take over from Hewer at the start of series 84. Hewer's final show aired on 25 June 2021.

Anne Robinson became the new host of "Countdown" on 28 June 2021, while on 10 September, Sir Trevor McDonald presented a special "Black To Front" episode featuring an all-black cast and black contestants with whoever winning that show would continue their run into the next episode. On 13 December, Rachel Riley took maternity leave and was temporarily replaced with Dr Anne-Marie Imafidon until 14 March 2022 when Riley returned the following day.

On 2 May 2022, it was announced that Anne Robinson would be stepping down from "Countdown" with immediate effect and hosted her last episode on 13 July, early in series 86, a day later, Colin Murray returned to present the show. However, in August, Murray was unwell with COVID-19 and was temporarily replaced with 2 presenters, firstly with Les Dennis, best known for presenting "Family Fortunes," between 4 and 15 August, then with comedian and Dictionary Corner regular Jenny Eclair, between 16 and 19 August, Murray returned on 22 August.

The Countdown intro has changed over time since it began in 1982.

For the 1981 pilot, it was a round span with pink words 'Calendar Countdown'.

The first intro after the beginning of Countdown in 1982 was a black background with the words Countdown in yellow.

After this, it was blue until the late 80s/early 90s, COUNT DOWN with the background having letters and numbers (until the mid 90s), then a yellow triangle with Countdown in Red.

From 1999, the clock appeared for the first time in the Countdown intro, the background was into a mash of pink and orange, and COUNTDOWN in white under the clock.

This continued until 2001 when the current clock and letters 'Countdown' were introduced, until 2003, there were montages of the show in front of the tangerine set. And then in 2003, montages changed to those on the new pink and white striped set.

After Whiteley died in 2005, the Lynam and O'Connor series had letters spitting out of the clock in the same colour form, eventually merging into 'Countdown'.

With the introduction of Stelling in 2009, the background changed to blue and the letters continued to spit out of the clock. Merging into Countdown.

In 2012, the background once again changed to dark blue and the intro would start with a globe of letters and numbers breaking, and then later merging into Countdown, just as it did since the early 2000s.

"Countdown" quickly established cult status within British television – an image which it maintains today, despite the loss of key presenters. The programme's audience comprises mainly students, homemakers and pensioners, owing to the "teatime" broadcast slot and inclusive appeal of its format and presentation. "Countdown" has been one of Channel 4's most-watched programmes for over twenty years, but has never won a major television award. When Des Lynam became the new presenter after Whiteley's death in 2005, the show regularly drew an average 1.7 million viewers every day; this was around half a million more than in the last few years of Richard Whiteley presenting. The Series 54 final, on 26 May 2006, attracted 2.5 million viewers. 3–4 million viewers had watched the show daily in its previous 16:15 slot. The drop in viewing figures following the scheduling change, coupled with the show's perceived educational benefits, even caused Labour Member of Parliament (MP) Jonathan Shaw to table a motion in the UK Parliament, requesting that the show be returned to its later time. Minor scheduling changes have subsequently seen the show move from 15:15 to 15:30, 15:45, 15:25 and 15:10. As of 2018, it is broadcast at 14:10.

On each episode, the prize for defeating the reigning champion is a teapot that is styled to resemble the 30-second time clock used in each round. Introduced in December 1998, the pot is custom-made and can only be obtained by winning a game on the programme. Defeated contestants receive an assortment of "Countdown"-themed merchandise as a parting gift.

At first, the prize for the series winner was a leather-bound copy of the twenty-volume "Oxford English Dictionary", worth over £4,000. Since 2011, the prize consists of ordinary hardback twenty-one-volume dictionaries, a laptop computer and a lifetime subscription to Oxford Online (replaced by a MacBook pro laptop by series 68). David Acton, winner of Series 31, opted for a CD-ROM version of the dictionaries, not wanting to accept leather-bound books owing to his strict veganism, and he donated the monetary difference to charity.

Since Series 54 in 2006, the series champion also receives the Richard Whiteley Memorial Trophy, in memory of the show's original presenter.

Though the style and colour scheme of the set have changed many times (and the show itself moved to Manchester, after more than 25 years in Leeds), the clock has always provided the centrepiece and, like the clock music composed by Alan Hawkshaw, is an enduring and well-recognised feature of "Countdown". Executive producer John Meade once commissioned Hawkshaw to revise the music for extra intensity to introduce at the start of series 31 in January 1996; after hundreds of complaints from viewers, the old tune was reinstated after just 12 shows. The original clock featured until September 2013, when it was replaced.

The first episode of "Countdown" was repeated on 1 October 2007 on More4 and also on 2 November 2007 on Channel 4; this was as part of "Channel 4 at 25", a season of programmes to celebrate its 25th birthday.

On 2 November 2007, "Countdown" celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary and aired a special 'birthday episode'. The two players were 2006 winner Conor Travers and 2002 winner Chris Wills. However, for the rounds, VIP guests selected the letters and numbers. Guests included Gordon Brown, Amir Khan and Richard Attenborough. A statement from the French TV network France Télévisions was read out on air by Vorderman to commend Channel 4 on its success of "Countdown".

On 26 March 2010, Queen Elizabeth II congratulated "Countdown" for amassing 5,000 episodes. On 5 September 2014, the programme received a Guinness World Record at the end of its 6,000th show for the longest-running television programme of its kind during the course of its 71st series.

"Countdown" has occupied a tea-time broadcast slot since its inception, originally in a 30-minute format. Since 2001, an episode lasts around 45 minutes including advertising breaks. During the normal series, the winner of each game returns for the next day's show. A player who wins eight games is declared an "octochamp" and retires from the programme. At the end of the series, the eight best players (ranked first by number of wins, then by total score if required to break a tie) are invited back to compete in the series finals. They are seeded in a knockout tournament, with the first seed playing the eighth seed, the second playing the seventh, and so on. The winner of this knockout, which culminates in the Grand Final, becomes the series champion. Each series lasts around six months, with about 125 episodes.

Approximately every four series, a Champion of Champions tournament takes place. For this, sixteen of the best players to have appeared since the previous Championship are invited back for another knockout tournament. The producer, former contestant Damian Eadie, decides which players to include, but typically the tournament includes the series winners and other noteworthy contestants. Series 33 was designated a "Supreme Championship", in which 56 of the best contestants from all the previous series returned for another knockout tournament. Series 10 champion Harvey Freeman was declared Supreme Champion after beating Allan Saldanha in the final. There are also occasional special episodes, in which past contestants return for themed matches. For example, David Acton and Kenneth Michie returned for a rematch of their Series 31 final, while brothers and former contestants Sanjay and Sandeep Mazumder played off against each other on 20 December 2004.

Since the change to 45-minute episodes, the game has been split into three sections, separated by advertising breaks. The first section contains two letters rounds and a numbers round, the second has two letters rounds and a numbers round followed by the anecdote from the Dictionary Corner guest and then a further two letters rounds and a numbers round, while the last section has two letters rounds, Susie Dent's "Origins of Words" item, two further letters rounds, a numbers round and a final "Conundrum" puzzle. With the exception of the Conundrum, the contestants swap control after every round so that each of them has control for five letters rounds and two numbers rounds.

At the end of the first two sections, Each presenter poses a "Teatime Teaser" for the viewers, giving a set of short words and a cryptic clue to a single word that can be anagrammed from them. The solution is revealed at the start of the next section. (Example: Given the words HAD SAIL and the clue "Flowers seen 7 times a week," the solution would be DAHLIAS, given the words GON GOLD and the clue "A greyhound at full stretch, perhaps," the solution would be LONGDOG, given the words NUDE LUMP and the clue "It helps you get into the swing of things," the solution would be PENDULUM, given the words WOECALLS and the clue "This is something for you to chew over," the solution would be COLESLAW, given the words ICYHINGE and the clue "It's the condition of good clean fun," the solution would be HYGIENIC, and given the words SAD MOODY and the clue "We'll all be sad and moody when this arrives," the solution would be DOOMSDAY.) When the Teatime Teaser was first introduced, the anagrams were seven letters long; they were later extended to eight, then to nine in late 2016 before returning to 8 in 2020.

Allotheria

The Allotheria are an extinct infraclass or superorder of mammals. They are related to the prototheria and theria.

The allotheres was a branch of successful Mesozoic mammals. The most important characteristic was the presence of lower molariform teeth with two longitudinal rows of cusps.

Allotheres also had a narrow pelvis, indicating that they gave birth to tiny, helpless young as marsupials do.

The Haramiyida from the Triassic period were the earliest group, and the Multituberculates survived until the Oligocene, 35 million years ago.

Multituberculate

The multituberculates were a group of rodent-like mammals which survived for about 166 million years – the longest fossil history of any mammal line.

They were eventually outcompeted by rodents, becoming extinct during the late Eocene. 

At least 200 species are known, ranging from mouse-sized to beaver-sized. These species occupied many ecological niches, ranging from burrow-dwelling to squirrel-like tree-dwelling. 

Multituberculates are usually placed outside both the two main groups of living mammals, the Theria (placentals and marsupials), and monotremes. Some cladistic analyses put them closer to Theria than to monotremes.

The multituberculates had a head anatomy similar to rodents. They had cheek-teeth separated from the chisel-like front teeth by a wide tooth-less gap (called the "diastema"). Each cheek-tooth displayed several rows of small cusps (or tubercles, hence the name) which worked against similar rows in the teeth of the jaw. It was an efficient chopping device.

Most small multituberculates would have eaten seeds and nuts, supplemented with insects, worms, and fruit.

The structure of the pelvis in the Multituberculata suggests that they gave birth to tiny helpless young, similar to modern marsupials.

Gondwanatheria

Gondwanatheria is an extinct group of mammals that lived during the Upper Cretaceous to the Miocene. They lived in the Southern Hemisphere continents which had been part of the supercontinent Gondwana. 

These mammals are known only from isolated teeth and a few lower jaws. Because of these fragmentary remains, their relationships are unclear. Later finds have improved our knowledge of them. It was thought previously that climate changes at the Eocene–Oligocene boundary had caused their extinction.

Fossils have come from South America, India and Antarctica, where gondwanatherids lived in the lush forests which once covered much of the world. 

Taichung

Taichung City ( or ; POJ: Tâi-tiong) is a city in west-central Taiwan with a population of over 2.7 million people, making it the second largest city on the island. The city's name is Chinese for "Central Taiwan". The average temperature of Taichung City is about 23°C, and average rainfall is about 1.7 m per year.


Majuro

Majuro is the capital city of the country of the Marshall Islands. Built on 64 islands, Majuro has a port and an international airport. It has a population of 25,400 (2004). Majuro is located at 7°7'30" North, 171°4' East (7.125, 171.0667). 

The atoll of Majuro has a land area of only 3.75 mi² (9.7 km²), and is surrounded by lagoon of 113.92 mi² (295 km²). Sport fishing and underwater diving are popular. During World War II, on January 30, 1944, United States troops attacked Majuro (controlled by Japan).

South Tarawa

South Tarawa (in Gilbertese and English: Teinainano Urban Council or abr. TUC) is the capital city of the country Kiribati. It is on an island called Tarawa Atoll. The meaning of Teinainano is "down of the mast", referring to the sail-shape of the atoll.

The South Tarawa population center is made up of all the small islands between Bairiki (on the west) to Temaiku on the east. All of separated islands are joined by causeways, forming one long island on the reef along the southern side of the Tarawa Lagoon. There is also a new causeway—the Japanese Causeway—that links South Tarawa to Betio. South Tarawa is at 1°19' North, 172°58' East (1.31667, 172.9667). 

There is a Kiribati Teacher College and one University of the South Pacific center on South Tarawa. Bairiki is sometimes considered "the" capital of Kiribati because at one time both the Parliament, the Presidency and main administrative offices were located there. The Parliament meets on Ambo island; Government department are spread among South Tarawa, Betio and Christmas Island.

The Roman Catholic diocese and the Kiribati Protestant Church are on South Tarawa. Bairiki (executive), Ambo (legislative), Betio (judicial) are the main places of the capital.

Bairiki

Bairiki is a village and an island now part of South Tarawa, and one time is the center of government of Kiribati. One of three post offices on Tarawa is located at Bairiki. Bairiki Island is the most southern island on the atoll of Tarawa. About nine islands are larger than Bairiki.

Bairiki includes the main administrative center of Kiribati, but the Parliament has since moved to Ambo, halfway between Bairiki and Bonriki. In the village there is a small port and near Bairiki is a center of the University of the South Pacific.

Audio engineer

An audio engineer (or simply engineer for short) is a person who operates, and usually chooses and sets up recording equipment. The term applies mainly to a person who works in a recording studio but can also apply to people who do the same kind of work, in other places. An engineer may work with multitrack recordings or stereophonic remixes.

Audio engineering deals with the recording and reproduction of sound through mechanical and electronic means and is a part of audio science. The field draws on many disciplines, including electrical engineering, acoustics, and music. An audio engineer is closer to the creative and technical aspects of audio than an acoustical engineer.

Some amateur (and a few professional) engineers are self-taught, and learn mostly by doing, or with the help of an instruction manual. Many engineers started in other studio jobs (such as running errands), and learned about recording as they became familiar with the studio where they worked. An engineer learns about the use and placement of microphones, how to operate and maintain an audio mixer, recording deck, sound effects, and other machines, and how to switch between live and recorded sounds, to make the best, and often the most unique, recording possible. A good engineer will strive to make recordings that are both of high technical quality, and also pleasing to hear.

Starting wages may be small in recording studios, and many beginners work as unpaid volunteers. Experienced engineers, especially those who have worked on a hit record, may command a large wage. Some engineers are paid a salary, while others may earn hourly pay (sometimes based on the studio's rates), or be paid per session. Many go on to start their own recording studios, or maintain a private studio or mobile recording service. A few work only for a single recording artist, band, or producer.

Several colleges and universities in the United States and other countries offer classes in recording, which may cover its history, its uses, and of course technique and technical knowledge. Some schools offer degree or diploma programs in Recording. Graduating such a program does not guarantee a person a studio job, but increases one's chances, and can provide better preparation for such a career.

Besides studio work, some engineers have one or more specialties, such as making new digital versions of old recordings, as consultants to places that give concerts and live performances, and sometimes as expert witnesses in court trials, when sounds or a recording may be important to the outcome of a case.




Phil Spector

Harvey Phillip Spector (December 26, 1939 – January 16, 2021) was an American record producer. He was co-owner of Philles Records (with then-business partner Lester Sill), and later owner of Phil Spector Records. In 2009 he was found guilty of second-degree murder. He was in prison from 2009 until his death in 2021.

Spector's signature style was called the Wall of Sound. He used large amounts of echo, doubling and multiplying of musical instruments and the parts to be played, and of recorded parts. The built-up effect gave his records an operatic, theatrical quality. The music sounded "bigger than life". The effect carried over especially well on AM radio, which was how most music was broadcast in the 1950s and 1960s. Spector said the Wall of Sound made "...little symphonies for the kids...".

The recording artists who worked with Spector over the years included The Crystals ("Then He Kissed Me"), The Ronettes ("Be My Baby"), The Righteous Brothers ("You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'"), Gene Pitney ("Every Breath I Take"), Darlene Love ("(Today I Met) The Boy I'm Gonna Marry"), and Tina Turner ("River Deep, Mountain High"). Sonny Bono and Cher were among his backup singers. He married Veronica (Ronnie) Bennett of the Ronettes, who took the name Ronnie Spector.

Spector's strongest work was in creating hit singles. He knew many fans never listened to the B-sides of singles, and radio seldom played them, so often his B-sides would feature an instrumental jam session, without the singers credited on the record, and with titles like "Flip and Nitty". Spector also disliked albums. He called them "two hit (song)s, and ten pieces of junk". When stereo became more popular than mono in recording, Spector did not follow the trend. In later years he wore a red badge in public, with the words BACK TO MONO.

Many other producers and musicians imitated the Wall of Sound style, or included elements of it in their own work, including Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys. Wilson thought of Spector as his biggest rival, although the two did work together on one song, that was used in a .

Not all of Spector's productions became hits. One record, "He Hit Me (And It Felt Like A Kiss)" was pulled from release after complaints were made by listeners, about the song's theme. (The song was later performed by singer Courtney Love.) Another record, "This Could Be The Night" (working with both Harry Nilsson and Chip Douglas), went unreleased, although radio Rodney Bingenheimer used it later as his show's . "(Let's Dance) The Screw" was a private to Lester Sill, when his partnership with Spector ended badly, and only a few copies were pressed. "River Deep, Mountain High", which Spector thought of as his all-time best work, drew little attention in the United States, but it was a hit in other countries.

One of the few full albums Spector produced, "A Christmas Gift to You", was released in 1963. The album featured nearly all of the artists Spector worked with regularly. The album did not become a hit at first, but it went on to become a Christmas perennial. Many music listeners consider the album a .

The Beatles handed over the rough tapes of their unfinished "Get Back" album for Spector to post-produce, after John Lennon and George Harrison both worked successfully with him on "Instant Karma!'", which became a hit single for Lennon. "Let it Be" was the title for the finished album (and movie, filmed during the recording sessions). Beatles fans bought and enjoyed the album and its singles, but some fans and experts disliked portions of Spector's work. Paul McCartney hated the changes Spector made to "The Long and Winding Road", which he meant to have a simple accompaniment, but was released with a choir and orchestra added. McCartney never recorded with Spector, but the other three Beatles worked with him several times, on solo recordings.

Spector appeared as an actor a few times. One appearance was in an episode of "I Dream of Jeannie", as a music producer. Another was in the movie "Easy Rider", as a rich man who buys cocaine from the two main characters. A character in a 1970 movie, "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls", was based on the way many people saw Spector. He appeared as himself in scenes from "Imagine", a 1973 movie about the recording of John Lennon's 1971 album of the same name.

Spector worked less often in the 1970s and 1980s, and his most notable work from those years was with The Ramones and Yoko Ono, the widow of John Lennon. Spector and Ronnie were divorced, and she sued him years later for unpaid royalties from her years as a singer. She collected over a million dollars, after many years of going to court. Spector spent much of his time as a "retired celebrity", staying home at his Alhambra, California or dining out. He sometimes invited women guests home, after a night out drinking alcohol. Some of the women reported later having a pleasant time with Spector. Others told stories of being abused, detained, or threatened with a gun.

In February 2003, police were called to Spector's home to investigate a shooting. Actress Lana Clarkson was found dead on the grounds. Spector was charged with second-degree murder. He admitted possible guilt or involvement in Clarkson's death privately, but decided to plead not guilty in court. Attorney Robert Shapiro was hired to defend him, but Bruce Cutler, and later Linda Kenney-Baden, took over the job. Spector's case went to trial in the spring of 2007, and ended in a mistrial that Autumn. Spector was tried again in 2009 and found guilty of second degree murder.

Spector died, still under arrest, on January 16, 2021 at a hospital in French Camp, California from problems caused by COVID-19 at the age of 81.

Fugue

A fugue is a piece of music written for a certain number of parts (voices). It is a type of counterpoint with a precisely defined structure. It is based on a tune called the "subject" of the fugue. The word “fugue“ comes from the Italian “fuga“ meaning “flight“.

A fugue is based on one particular tune. This tune is called the subject. Each part has an equal share in playing the subject. When we talk about the “parts” in a fugue we do not mean the “sections” of the piece but the number of voices needed to sing it or instruments to play it. A “3 part fugue” means a fugue written for three voices or instruments. 

Fugues can be in 2, 3, 4, 5 or even 6 parts. The more parts there are the harder it is to write a fugue because each part has to sound interesting by itself, but together they must also make sense. 3, 4 and 5 part fugues are usual.

A fugue always starts with just one part playing the subject. Then the other parts come in one at a time until they are all playing. When the second part comes in it will always be half an octave higher or lower than the beginning (musicians say: “on the dominant”, meaning that it starts on the 5th note of the scale instead of the “tonic” or 1st note). This called: the answer. The third part to come in will be the “subject” (in the tonic once again) and the fourth part will be another answer, etc.

If the answer is an exact transposition of the subject (i.e. exactly the same but in the dominant key) it is called a real answer. Sometimes one or two notes have to be changed so that the music sounds right. This is called a tonal answer. For example: a subject that starts with a rising “doh – soh” (an interval of a fifth) will be answered by a rising “soh – doh” in the answer (an interval of a fourth).

When the second part comes in with the answer the first part will have to play something else, called a countersubject. If this “something else” is used every time in the piece to accompany the answer then it is called a regular countersubject. The countersubject should sound nice, and be grammatically correct, whether it is on top or below the subject. This is called “invertible counterpoint”.

If a part is not playing a countersubject it may just be playing a “free part”.

A redundant entry is the repetition of the subject or answer in a voice in which one or two of the aforementioned have already been stated.

Sometimes entries overlap. This is called stretto (NB “stretto” also has a different meaning in music: “hurried”).

If none of the parts are playing the subject or answer (i.e. they are all playing free parts) this is called an episode. If it happens during the first section (exposition) then it is called a codetta.

Because a fugue is a piece which puts several lines of melody together it is a form of contrapuntal music.

A fugue usually has three sections: the first section is called the “exposition”. This lasts until all the parts have entered. The middle section will go through various keys (modulate), and the final section will be back in the main key (tonic), and all the parts will probably play the subject or answer in turn once more.

The fugue became a very popular form of music in the Baroque period. It was often played after a prelude. The most famous composer of fugues was Johann Sebastian Bach. He wrote two books, each with 24 Preludes and Fugues, called "The Well-Tempered Clavier" (in German: "Das Wohltemperierte Klavier"). Each book has a prelude and fugue in a different major and minor key. He also wrote many Preludes and Fugues for organ, sometimes writing a passacaglia, fantasia or toccata instead of the prelude, as in the case of the famous Toccata and Fugue in D minor. 

Bach’s fugues became models for future generations. Composers from later periods studied Bach’s fugues in order to learn how to write their own. For example, Dmitri Shostakovich, a 20th century composer, wrote preludes and fugues in the same style as Bach.

Fugues can be very dramatic and exciting as each part comes in one at a time and the music builds up. This is why many composers have ended long works with a fugue. It helps to build up the tension towards the end of the work. Even if it is not a strict fugue it might be “fugal” i.e. it might start off as a fugue and then become freer (adding extra parts etc.). Beethoven uses fugues a lot in the last movement of his late piano sonatas. Benjamin Britten writes a fugue at the end of A Young Person’s Guide to the Orchestra. At the end of his song for choir called “The Twelve” William Walton starts a fugue with a very long, fast and complicated fugues subject, but it soon develops into a much freer piece of music.

Jermain Defoe

Jermain Defoe (born 7 October 1982) is an English football player. He plays for Tottenham Hotspur and England national team.

Tottenham Hotspur

Rangers
Individual

Orders

Province of Ascoli Piceno

The Province of Ascoli Piceno () is a province in the region of Marche in Italy. Its capital is the city of Ascoli Piceno.

Ascoli Piceno has an area of . The province is bordered to the east by the Adriatic Sea and to the north with the provinces of Macerata and Fermo. It borders with three regionsː the Abruzzo region to the south, the Lazio region to the soutwest and the Umbria region to the west.

The main river in the province is Tronto, long and the highest mountain is Monte Vettore (), with an altitude of .

There are 209,450 persons living in the province (1 January 2017). The population density was inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 33 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is Ascoli Piceno, with and the smallest is Colli del Tronto, with . The "comune" with fewest inhabitants is Palmiano, with 188 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Ascoli Piceno

Ascoli Piceno () is a "comune" and city in the Marche region, in central Italy. Ascoli Piceno is the capital of the province of the same name.

The central historical part of the city is built in marble called "travertino", a grey-hued stone extracted from the surrounding mountains. Its central Renaissance square, "Piazza del Popolo" ("Square of the People") is considered one of the most beautiful in Italy.

The town is in the valley of the Tronto river, at the confluence of this river and the small river Castellano and is surrounded on three sides by mountains. Two national parks border the town, one on the northwestern side ("Parco Nazionale dei Monti Sibillini") and the other on the south ("Parco Nazionale del Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga").

The "comune" of Ascoli Piceno has an area of and its altitude is . It has a small exclave ("Piana della Forcella", 0,5 km).

Ascoli Piceno borders with the following "comuni"ː to the north, Venarotta, Rotella, Castel di Lama and Castorano; to the east, Castignano, Appignano del Tronto and Colli del Tronto; to the south, Folignano, Maltignano and the "comuni" of the province of Teramo (Abruzzo) of Ancarano, Sant'Egidio alla Vibrata, Civitella del Tronto and Valle Castellana; and to west with Acquasanta Terme, Roccafluvione and Venarotta.

Some mountains close to "comune" are Monte Ascensione, Montagna dei Fiori and Monte Vettore.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Ascoli Picenoː Bivio Giustimana, Campolungo, Caprignano, Carpineto, Casalena, Casamurana, Case Schiavi, Castel Trosino, Cavignano, Cervara, Colle, Colle San Marco, Colloto, Colonna, Colonnata, Coperso, Faiano, Fonte di Campo, Funti, Giustimana, Il Palazzo, Lago, Lisciano, Lisciano di Colloto, Montadamo, Monte di Rosara, Morignano, Mozzano, Oleificio Panichi, Palombare, Pedana, Piagge, Pianaccerro, Polesio, Ponte Pedana, Porchiano, Rosara, San Gaetano, San Pietro, Santa Maria a Corte, Talvacchia, Taverna di mezzo, Trivigliano-Villa Pagani, Tozzano, Tronzano, Valle Cupa, Valle Fiorana, Valle Senzana, Valli, Vena piccola, Venagrande, Villa Sant'Antonio.

Ascoli was founded by an Italic population (Piceni) several centuries before the building by Rome of the important "Via Salaria", the salt road that connected Latium with the salt production areas on the Adriatic coast. In 268 BC it became a "civitas foederata", a "federated" city with nominal independence from Rome.

In 91 BC, together with other cities in central Italy, it revolted against Rome, but in 89 BC was reconquered and destroyed by Pompeius Strabo. Its inhabitants got Roman citizenship, following the developments and the eventual fall of the Roman Empire.

There are 49,203 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "ascolani".

Ascoli Piceno is twinned with:


Franz Beckenbauer

Franz Anton Beckenbauer (, ; 11 September 1945 – 7 January 2024) was a German professional footballer and manager. Franz was often called "Der Kaiser" ("The Emperor"). He was regarded to be one of the greatest players in the history of football. Franz was often credited for inventing the role of the modern sweeper ("libero").

Beckenbauer died on 7 January 2024 in Munich at the age of 78.

Bayern Munich

Hamburger SV

New York Cosmos

West Germany

West Germany

Marseille

Bayern Munich

Player
Manager



!colspan="3" style="background:#C1D8FF;"| World Cup-winners status

Groundhog

The groundhog (also known as the chuck, wood-shock, groundpig, whistlepig, whistler, thickwood badger, Canada marmot, monax, moonack, weenusk, red monk, or siffleux) is a rodent. It belongs to the group of ground squirrels. Those squirrels are also known as marmots. The animal may also be called woodchuck, or whistlepig. Groundhogs dig tunnels and live underground. Groundhog holes, called burrows, are easy to recognize; they are holes, about 9.in (inches) (23 cm (centimeters)) wide which usually have large piles of dirt and rocks at the entrance. Each hole can contain tunnels leading to up to ten other holes. The tunnels are spacious and can have chambers. Groundhogs can make their homes under trees, around buildings and in open fields. 

Some problems with groundhogs are that they eat crops and dig around the foundations of buildings. When groundhogs dig around buildings this can cause damage if the holes go too far under the building.

In the United States, there is a holiday called Groundhog Day. It is celebrated on February 2 of every year.

Squirrel

Squirrels are a large family of small to medium rodents. It includes tree squirrels, which are described on this page.

The other squirrels are: ground squirrels, chipmunks, marmots (including groundhogs), flying squirrels, and prairie dogs. 

Squirrels are native to the Americas, Eurasia, and Africa, and have been introduced to Australia. The earliest known squirrels date from the Eocene and are most closely related to the mountain beaver and to the dormouse among living rodent families.

Most squirrels are omnivores; they eat anything they find. Many kinds of squirrels live in trees, so they often find nuts. They eat seeds, berries, and pine cones too. Sometimes they eat bird's eggs and insects. Most tree squirrels store food in the fall, to eat in the winter. Ground squirrels do not store food. They hibernate which means they spend winter in a deep sleep. 

Squirrels have many predators or enemies. Their predators are foxes, wolves, coyotes, bears, raccoons, lynxes, cougars, weasels, cats, dogs, badgers, snakes, and birds of prey. 

The most common European squirrels are red or brown in color, while common American squirrels are grey or black. Grey squirrels have been introduced from America into Europe (most notably, Great Britain). 

The greys carry a virus to which they are immune, but which is deadly to red squirrels. They have taken over most of the red squirrels' territory in deciduous forest. This has greatly reduced the red squirrel's population. Red squirrels still enjoy dominance in the pine forests of northern Britain, but they are now rare in southern areas.

The grey squirrel is regarded as vermin. It is illegal to release any into the wild, and any caught have to be humanely killed.

Squirrels breed in February and March in winter, and in June and July in summer. Females may become pregnant up to twice a year. Usually four to six young are born, after a gestation period (pregnancy) of around thirty-nine days. Only the mother looks after the young, which are born completely helpless. Young squirrels are deaf and blind during the first few weeks of their life. 

Most squirrels die in the first year of life. Adult squirrels can have a lifespan of five to ten years in the wild. Some can survive 10 to 20 years in captivity.

Squirrels are considered exotic pets and are legal in only some parts of the world. Areas where they can be kept as pets include Canada and parts of Australia (in New South Wales only) and the United States (in 21 states). They are considered wild animals in most European countries and pests or potential pests in many countries, such as New Zealand and most of Australia.


Gestation

Gestation is the carrying of an embryo or fetus inside a female viviparous animal, until its birth. Mammals can have more than one embryo or fetus at the same time.

The time between fertilization of an ovum and the birth of the young is called the gestation period. Humans have a gestation period of around 37 weeks or about 9 months and 1 week. Syrian hamsters have a gestation period of 16 days. That is believed to be the shortest gestation period for a mammal. The time the gestation period takes depends on the size of the animal, smaller ones have short lengths and bigger ones have the opposite.

Shrew

Shrews are small mammals which look rather like mice. They were classified in the old Insectivora, but that is no longer used. Now they are classified in the family Soricidae, suborder Soricomorpha.

True shrews are not to be confused with West Indies shrews, treeshrews, otter shrews, or elephant shrews, which belong to different families or orders.

Although its external appearance is generally that of a long-nosed mouse, a shrew is "not" a rodent, as mice are. In fact it is related to moles. Shrews have sharp, spike-like teeth, not the familiar gnawing front incisor teeth of rodents.

Shrews are distributed almost worldwide. Of the major tropical and temperate land masses, only New Guinea, Australia, and New Zealand do not have any native shrews. In South America, shrews are relatively recent immigrants and are present only in the northern Andes. In terms of species diversity, the shrew family is the fourth most successful mammal family.

The old order Insectivora was not a natural (monophyletic) group. New terms are used to classify its former groups. That explains the little-known terms in the taxobox.

All shrews are small, most no larger than a mouse. The largest is the Asian house shrew ("Suncus murinus"), which is about 15 cm long and weighs around 100 grams. Several are very small: the Etruscan shrew ("Suncus etruscus"), is about 3.5 cm and 2 grams. It is the smallest living terrestrial mammal and the smallest type of shrew.

In general, shrews live in and on the ground. They search for seeds, insects, nuts, and worms. Some climb trees, some live underground, some live under snow, and some hunt in water. They have small eyes, and generally poor vision, but have excellent senses of hearing and smell. They are very active animals, with big appetites. Shrews have an unusually high metabolic rate. Shrews usually eat 80–90% of their own body weight in food daily.

They do not hibernate, but can enter torpor. Shrews can lose between 30% and 50% of their body weight in winter, shrinking the size of bones, skull and internal organs.

Unlike rodents, which have gnawing incisors that grow continually, the teeth of shrews wear down throughout life, and they lose their milk teeth before birth. Therefore, they have only one set of teeth for their lifetime. Apart from the first pair of incisors, which are long and sharp, and the chewing molars at the back of the mouth, the teeth of shrews are small and peg-like, and may be reduced in number. The dental formula of shrews is: upper=3.1.1-3.3; lower=1-2.0-1.1.3.

Shrews are fiercely territorial. They drive off rivals, and come together only to mate. Many species dig burrows to store food and hide from predators, but this is not universal. Some of them echolocate by squeaking, some are venomous, some have teeth strengthened by iron on the tips, they make ultrasonic squeaks, and two genera echolocate by clicks.

They eat plenty and often. They are very active animals, with voracious appetites. Shrews have unusually high metabolic rates, above that expected in small mammals. For this reason, they need to eat almost constantly. Probably the aquatic nymphs of insects (for example, mosquito larvae) are on the menu even though many of these are themselves hungry eaters.

Ground squirrel

Ground squirrels are marmots. These are small rodents, squirrels which live on and in the ground.

Most of them live in the mountains, like the Sierra Nevada, or the Alps. Marmots make holes in the ground. They live in burrows, underground. They hibernate, that is they sleep through the winter. Marmots are very social animals. They group together easily. They also like to communicate with each other, with whistles, especially when they sense danger.

They vary in size and habits. Most are able to rise up on their hind legs and stand fully erect comfortably for long periods. This way they watch for predators. They tend to live together more than other squirrels, and many live in colonies with complex social structures. Most Marmotini are rather short-tailed and large squirrels. The Alpine marmot ("Marmota marmota") is the largest living member of the Sciuridae, at 53–73 cm in length and weighing 5–8 kg.

Many historians suggest that marmots, rather than rats, were the carriers of bubonic plague epidemics in the Middle Ages.


Human Be-In

The 'Human Be-In' was an event during the afternoon and evening of January 14, 1967. It was held in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park. The Human Be-In caused the Summer of Love, which introduced hippie life and the word psychedelic to everyday Americans, and made the Haight-Ashbury area of San Francisco famous because it was the center of an American counterculture.

The hippie movement had two main sources. One source was college students who were not happy about the way the country was headed. They did not like the way African Americans were being treated in the South or the way young men were being drafted to fight in the Vietnam War. The other source of the hippie movement was the 'Beat Generation' (poets and jazz hipsters).

Throughout the early 1960s, college students who were against the policies of segregation in Southern United States would travel to the south. They took part in sit-ins, register African Americans to vote, demonstrate, march, and other activism. More and more people were unhappy about the Vietnam War and the riots. During this time, San Francisco was becoming a center for younger people who liked to experiment with drugs, and it was also a center for the music scene. From the idea of the 'sit-in', they got the idea to have a 'Human Be-In' in early January to get people's minds off politics and the war.

The Human Be-In was announced on the cover of the first issue of the "San Francisco Oracle" as "A Gathering of the Tribes for a Human Be-In". Speakers at the rally included Timothy Leary, Richard Alpert (soon to be more widely known as 'Ram Dass'), and poets like Allen Ginsberg, who chanted mantras, and Gary Snyder. Leary set the tone that afternoon with his famous phrase "Turn On, Tune In, Drop Out". Other counterculture leaders who were there included comedian Dick Gregory, Lenore Kandel, and Jerry Rubin. The Hells Angels, at the peak of their 'outlaw' reputation, looked after lost children. Local rock bands such as Grateful Dead and Quicksilver Messenger Service provided the music, and Owsley "Bear" Stanley provided massive amounts of his "White Lightning" LSD to the gathered masses.

Soon every gathering was being called an '-In' of some kind. "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", a television comedy series, began to appear on NBC just a year later, January 22, 1968.

During 1967, more and more young people from around the country began traveling to San Francisco. By the summer there were between 100,000 and 200,000 there taking part in the "Summer of Love".


Suva

Suva is the capital city of Fiji. It is on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu. Suva became the capital of Fiji in 1877. It was changed from the settlement of Kaivalagi on the island of Ovalau because that settlement had no space left to grow. Kaivalangi had been established by the Europeans. In 1996, 77,366 people lived in Suva. Including independent suburbs, 167,975 people lived in the Greater Suva city area.


Honiara

Honiara is the capital city of Solomon Islands and of Guadalcanal Province. It has a population 84,520 (2017).

The town is on the island of Guadalcanal. It was built to replace the former capital of Tulagi at the end of World War II. Honiara became the capital of the Solomon Islands in 1952. The town is on the Kukum Highway, which connects Henderson field in the east of Honiara with the White River in the west, and passes the hospital Nambanaen and the burned down Chinatown. Honiara has a dock from which ships depart to other provinces. The gardens of the National Art Gallery are popular for afternoon strolls. 

Port Vila

Port Vila is the capital city of Vanuatu. Located on the south coast of the island of Efate, it has the country's most important dock and airport, Bauerfield International, making it the nation's economic and commercial center. As of the 2020 census, the population as 49,034.

During World War II, Port Vila was an American and Australian airbase. In 1987 and 2015, tropical cyclones badly damaged the city.

Tainan

Tainan City () is a city in Southern Taiwan. It is the fifth largest city after Taipei, Kaohsiung, New Taipei City and Taichung City. Tainan was the capital of Taiwan in 1661 when Koxinga took the island from Dutch colonial rule. In 1684, the Qing Dynasty conquered Taiwan and created "Taiwan Fu" (the first local government in Taiwan). This was later renamed to "Tainan Fu" in 1885. Because it was the capital of Taiwan, Tainan is also called Fu-cheng (Government City). Tainan was also the capital of the Republic of Formosa. Tainan is one of the oldest cities in Taiwan, with the Dutch port at An-ping (安平) in 1624. It is also one of Taiwan's cultural capitals, as it built the First Confucian School/Temple on the island. There are remains of the Northern and Southern gates of the old city, and other old monuments. Tainan is the city with the most Buddhist and/or Taoist temples on Taiwan. Tainan City is surrounded by Tainan County to the north and east and the South China Sea to the west and south.

Tainan is famous with its 300-year history and buildings with old designs. Before the year of 1700, there were only the earliest people living there. But everything changed after the Dutch got to Tainan and made Fort Zeelandia (also called Anping Fort) in Anping. Then in 1661, the Dutch were kicked out by Koxinga, who followed the ideas of the Ming Dynasty, and his army. He ended 38 years of Dutch rule in Taiwan.

Twenty-two years later, the chief town of Taiwan moved to Tainan and Taiwan became a part of China under the Qing Dynasty’s rule. But the Qing Dynasty didn't care much about Tainan. Afterwards, Japan took over Taiwan and built "the Office of the Governor-General" in Taipei. From then on, Taipei became more important than Tainan. After World War II, Taiwan is no longer under Japanese people's rule. Even though Tainan is not the chief town of Taiwan anymore, Tainan is still called ”Taiwan's cultural capital” because of its long history in Taiwan.

Tainan City once had six districts: Anping, Annan, East, West Central, South, and North districts. Annan district was originally the An-Shun township of Tainan County, and was added into Tainan City in 1946. On December 25, 2010, it got merged with Tainan county, and upgraded into a special municipality. Its name remains Tainan City. Now the great Tainan City has 31 districts, and the central government want those districts incorporated into 10 to 12 districts in the future. But people in every township are not very positive about this. Because people are afraid that their budget would be downsized while every administrative area become much larger. For the central and local city government, there is a long way to go.

Tainan has a lot of popular scenic spots, such as:

Tainan has 28 twin towns and sister cities worldwide. Tainan signed the agreements with 9 cities in the US between 1965 and 1991. They are:



Chiayi City

Chiayi City (; Taiwanese: Ka-gī chhī) is a provincial city of southwestern Taiwan Province of the Republic of China. Formerly called "Kagi" during the Japanese era, its historical name in Chinese (諸羅山) is borrowed from the Taiwanese aboriginal word "Tirosen".



Example

An example (Latin "exemplum", the shorthand "e.g". stands for "exempli gratia", which means "for example") is a short story, or an anecdote. This story is told to illustrate something else, like an idea or a concept.

In the Middle Ages, preachers and priests used examples in their sermons. They did this to explain things from the bible. They also did this to explain to all those people (that were incapable of reading) how they should lead their lives, as a good person.

Examples help illustrate a point. 

The phrase "make an example" is sometimes used, when a person is harshly punished for others to see. This is done to keep other people (especially the person's peers) from doing the same thing that got that person into trouble.

Hsinchu

Hsinchu City (Chinese:新竹; POJ: Sin-tek) is a provincial city of Taiwan Province of the Republic of China. Hsinchu is popularly nicknamed "The Windy City" ("Fengcheng" 風城) for its windy climate.

The city is surrounded by Hsinchu County to the north and east, Miaoli County to the south, and the Taiwan Strait to the west. 
Hsinchu City is made up of three districts: North District, East District, and Siangshan District.

The city is the base of high tech industry in Taiwan. Built in 1980, Hsinchu Science Park is home of 360 high tech companies including TSMC, Philips and United Microelectronics Corporation. As the result, the city has the highest income level.


Kangaroo rat

Kangaroo rats are small rodents from North and Central America. They got their name because they look like small kangaroos when standing upright. But they are not related to kangaroos, except that they are mammals. The genus of the kangaroo rats is called Dipodomys.

Currently, there are 22 species in that genus. They vary in size from 10cm to 20cm, and they weigh between 35 and 180 grams for adult animals.

Kangaroo rats live in dry climates. They can live in deserts also, like the Thar Desert. This means that they have developed traits from other species that live in such climates, but are not related to them. Some of those species are the jerboas, which can be found in the deserts of Africa and Asia, and the hopping mice of the Australian Outback. 

All of those species have highly developed hind legs. They also live in deep burrows that protect them from the worst heat of the day. Water may be difficult to find in such climates. Therefore, they only rarely need to drink water. Instead, they have a very efficient metabolism. Their kidneys are much more efficient than human kidneys. They can also chemically split off water from the food they eat. 

Kangaroo mice are found in areas of the United States and Mexico, where there is some grass or vegetation left, but which have a rather dry climate. Scientists call those areas arid and semi-arid. The animals live on seeds, leaves, nuts and other fruit they can find. They also catch insects. They are also known for stockpiling (keeping) some food in their burrows, for bad times. 

Usually, the animals have a color that blends in nicely with the sandy surroundings. Most often they are a tone of dark yellow to deep brown.

They are nocturnal which means that they are active during the night. 

Hibernation

Hibernation is a time of inactivity. Some endothermic (warm-blooded) animals hibernate, usually during the winter, when food is short. They fall into a sleep-like state. They regulate their metabolism to consume less energy. They lower their body temperature, slow their breathing, and slow other vital functions. During hibernation, the body uses fat for energy, which the animal has gathered in summer and autumn. They hibernate from the end of autumn to the start of winter. Animals try and eat as much as they can to increase the fats in their body.

Mammals like bats, ground squirrels (like marmots), hedgehogs, marsupials and others hibernate.

The phases of sleeping (called torpor) are different for the different animals. Hedgehogs sleep for 1–3 weeks, without waking, The fat dormouse sleeps for 20–33 days, without waking. The winter sleep of bears is not as deep as hibernation.

Only mammals hibernate. However, a few birds including hummingbirds do something similar.


Pack rat

The pack rat, also known as the wood rat or trade rat, is a rodent of one of several species in the genus Neotoma. Very often, people mean the bushy-tailed woodrat ("Neotoma cinerea"). Packrats are common in the deserts and highlands of the western United States and northern Mexico. They are smaller than a usual (Old World) rat, and usually have long, sometimes bushy tails. They are also not related to the rat, other than also being a rodent. 

Mohamed ElBaradei

Mohamed ElBaradei (born June 17, 1942) is an Egyptian scientist, administrator, politician, diplomat and 2005 recipient of the Nobel Prize for Peace.

ElBaradei was born and raised in Cairo, Egypt. He has a doctorate in International law.

ElBaradei is best known as the former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) "(1997-2009)". The IAEA is an inter-governmental organization related to the United Nations. It is based in Vienna and tries to bring about the peaceful use of nuclear energy. ElBaradei and the IAEA were both awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005. They won the prize for their efforts in Iraq, finding that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.


Bandicoot

A bandicoot is a kind of marsupial. There are about 20 species of bandicoots. 

Bandicoots are omnivores. They eat bugs, earthworms, larvae, and spiders. They live in parts of Australia. They are nocturnal. Bandicoots are endangered species. For protection against foxes and wild cats, they retreat to their burrows for safety.

There are different species of bandicoot including:

Lesser bandicoot rat

The lesser bandicoot rat ("Bandicota bengalensis") is a rodent. It lives in south Asia. It can grow up to 40cm long. It is a rat, but is not in the genus "Rattus". They may be a pest to cereal crops, and gardens in India and Sri Lanka. When attacking the rat grunts like a pig. Their fur is dark brown on the back and usually lighter or darker grey on the belly-side (ventrally). The length of their body is about 25cm, and the tail is shorter than the body.

Sometimes, the rats live in empty houses in villages. When they feel threatened, they are very aggressive. Many see them as a threat to infants (babies). Packs of lesser bandicoot rats have been known to attack and devour infants left alone. 

Despite its name, the rat is not related to the bandicoot, which is a marsupial.

The International Union for the Conservation of Nature says there are large numbers of lesser bandicoot rats found over a wide area. They have listed them as being of Least Concern for survival. 

Roquefort cheese

Roquefort cheese is a kind of blue cheese. It comes from the south of France. It is made from sheep's milk. French laws about AOC say that only cheese from the region of Roquefort-sur-Soulzon (close to Millau) may be called Roquefort cheese. 

The cheese breaks into little pieces easily. It is a little moist. Blue mould is added to Roquefort cheese. This gives it a particular taste. Roquefort is made in big wheels. They weigh around 2.5 kilograms. They are about 10 cm thick. Roquefort needs to ripen for around 5 months. It is best eaten April to October, but of course it is available all year round. 

In the year 2003, there were seven Roquefort producers. The largest by far is Roquefort Société. Roquefort Papillon is also a well-known brand. The five other producers are Carles, Gabriel Coulet, Fromageries occitanes, Vernières and Le Vieux Berger.


Serial ATA

Serial ATA (SATA or Serial Advanced Technology Attachment) is a standard that has been defined to connect storage devices or optical drives to a computer. The most common standard that was used beforehand was called ATA or IDE; it has been renamed PATA. The main difference between the two lies in the cables: SATA cables have seven wires, PATA cables have 40 or 80. Another difference is that with SATA, there is one cable for each device, while with PATA, all devices are connected to the same cable.

As of 2022, almost all desktop computers have a SATA interface. PATA is very rare nowadays, but some old computers still use it. Computers that still use PATA are mostly used for industrial applications and embedded systems. Some computers (mostly laptops) do not have a SATA interface. They have an M.2 NVME interface to connect NVME SSDs which are based on the PCIE standard. Some laptops also have an embedded flash memory. SATA will most likely disappear from laptops (and some computers) in the future and be replaced with M.2 NVME SSDs.

Electric signals transmitted on a parallel bus made of several wires will influence each other, if the transfer speed is increased. This phenomenon is known as crosstalk. Another problem with PATA is that the termination of the bus is not specified. Serial ATA uses low-voltage differential signaling, which avoids most of these problems.

Serial ATA uses 8B/10B encoding. This means that 10 bits are used to transfer 8 bits. The first standard of SATA used 1.5 GBit/second transfer speed (or 1.2 GBit/second usable data rate). This is only slightly faster than the last PATA standard (ATA/133). Later standards doubled this rate, at almost every revision. These values are transfer speeds, because of signalling, the usable speed is 25% lower.

Other benefits are that SATA cables are much easier to handle than PATA cables. Some SATA drives can also be connected and disconnected while the computer is running. This is called hot swapping. Finally, some drives support a technology called "Native Command Queueing". This means that the drive can rearrange the order of what it's told to do so that it gets done faster.

From the first version, SATA has been fast enough for hard drives. The data needs to be read from a number of locations on the drive. Between the locations, the electronic device used for reading and writing has to be repositioned. Even with current drives, this does not happen fast enough so that the 1.2 Gbit/s poses a problem.

As of 2016, there are five different revisions of the SATA standard.
SATA Express is a version of the SATA standard that uses the same protocol as PCI Express. Current solid state drives (SSDs) are able to saturate SATA III, specified at 6 Gbit/s. For this reason SATA Express has been introduced.

Diffferent versions of the Serial ATA standard are compatible with each other. This means that older devices can be operated on a newer controller, but they will only support the features and speed of the standard for which they were built. Similarly, devices built for a newer standard can be operated on an older controller. In this case, the controller is the limiting factor, and some of the newer functions may not be supported. An SAS (Serial Attached SCSI) controller is compatible with SATA drives, but a SATA controller is not compatible with SAS drives.

At the level of the operating system, SATA and PATA devices can be made to look the same. At the physical level, they are incompatible however.

To be usable, the devices using SATA need to be connected to the motherboard. This is probably the most visible difference between SATA and PATA. SATA drives have two different connectors, One connection is for transmitting the data and the other connection is for transmitting power. In some cases, both have been combined into one cable, to connect external drives. The normal case though is that two different connectors are used. Some connectors can be locked in place.

PATA specified that power is transmitted using a 4 pin Molex connector. With SATA, this connector. The 4 pin Molex connector has also been used to power floppy drives. SATA changed this connector. With SATA, the power connector and the data connector look similar, but the power connector is wider than the data connector. The standard power connector has 15 pins. It is used for standard 3.5 inch and 2.5 inch drives.

Smaller form factors can also use a smaller power connector, It has six pins and a coding notch. For smaller drives, there is a connector with 8 pins. A coding notch makes sure that the power connector cannot be connected to the plug which transfers the data.

As with the power connector, there are different versions of the data connector, for different applications. The standard connector has 7 pins, and is used for 3.5" and 2.5" drives. The most common other form factors are mSATA, and M.2 (or NGFF).
eSATA is a version of SATA which is used to connect external drives. Its plugs are more robust, and its cables are more rugged. In this market, SATA competes with other standards, such as USB or Firewire. Many external drives are standard SATA drives in an external case. To be able to communicate over USB or Firewire, an extra electronic board is needed. This board translates between SATA and the external interface. When eSATA is used, no translation is necessary. Using USB or Firewire may have other benefits though.

There also is a version of eSATA called eSATAp. It combines the pins of the USB, those of SATA, and those of the power connector. This makes it possible to directly connect SATA or USB drives externally, with only one cable. In addition to the data, power is also transmitted over this cable, so no extra power connection is necessary.

Legnica

Legnica () is a city in Poland. The river Katzbach runs through Legnica. There live over 100,000 people. The city is in west part of Poland (near Germany and Czech border). Legnica is near a bigger city, Wrocław.

Legnica is in the middle of Silesia. The area used to be part of Prussia, and Legnica was the capital of one of the three Silesian government areas (Regierungsbezirk).

Silesia, a Prussian Province, was divided in 3 administrative regions (Regierungsbezirk): Liegnitz, Breslau and Oppeln.

The Regierungsbezirk Liegnitz comprised the following districts:







Cruzeiro Esporte Clube

Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, usually called Cruzeiro EC or Cruzeiro, is a Brazilian football team from the city Belo Horizonte, Brazil. The team was founded on January 2, 1921. They are usually called the "raposa", which means fox in Brazil. They are also called the "celeste" which means celestial because their logo and name refer to a constellation. Currently the team disputes the second division of the Brazilian championship.




Flag of Estonia

The flag of Estonia has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured blue (top), black, and white (bottom). Blue mirrors the sky, black the colour of the soil and national coat, and white the peoples' happiness and light. In Estonian language it is called the "sinimustvalge" (literally "blue-black-white"), after the colours of the bands. The flag was designed in the 1880s and adopted when Estonia became independent in 1918.

Coat of arms of Estonia

The coat of arms of Estonia is a golden shield which includes three slim, blue "leopard"s (or lions passant guardant) in the middle, with oak branches along the side of the shield.

The coat of arms of Estonia has existed long before they were official recognized after the War of Independence between 1918 and 1920, when the Republic of Estonia was internationally recognized.

The symbol has been in use since the 13th century, where the big coat of arms was used for the capital city, Tallinn. The origin of the slim blue lions can be traced back to the King of Denmark at the time, Valdemar the Second. As Denmark was the ruling power of Northern Estonia at the time, it imposed the coat of arms upon the state.

Ichthyology

Ichthyology is the scientific study of fish.
The term Ichthyology which is derieved from following two "Greek" word 'Ichthyus' means fish and 'logos' means knowledge.
It includes hagfish and lampreys (jawless fish), cartilagenous fish (such as sharks, skates and rays) (Chondrichthyes) and bony fishes (Osteichthyes). 

A person who studies fish is called an "ichthyologist".

Indre, Loire-Atlantique

Indre is a city in France at the Atlantic Ocean. It is the south eastern end of the Brittany.

Indre has about 3,643 inhabitants.

Indre

Indre can mean different things:

Apatosaurus

APATOSAURUS is a sauropod dinosaur which lived in the Upper Jurassic period. It is in the same family as "Diplodocus". "Brontosaurus" was once thought a later name for "Apatosaurus", but is now proved to be a separate genus.

"Apatosaurus" grew as big as 21 meters long, 4.5 meters tall at the hip, and weighed up to 23 metric tons. It ate plants. Its bones have been found in Wyoming, Colorado, Oklahoma, and Utah.

When it was first found, scientists thought that "Apatosaurus" lived partly under water, as if it could not hold its own weight on dry land. Now they think it lived on dry land, probably in herds.

The cervical vertebrae were less elongated and more solid than those of "Diplodocus". The bones of the leg were much stockier (despite being longer), implying a more robust animal. The tail was held above the ground during normal locomotion. Like most sauropods, "Apatosaurus" had only a single large claw on each forelimb, with the first three toes on the hind limb possessing claws.

There are at least two species of "Apatosaurus":

It was believed throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries that sauropods like "Apatosaurus" were too massive to support their own weight on dry land. It was theorized that they lived partly submerged in water, perhaps in swamps. Recent findings do not support this. Sauropods are now thought to have been fully terrestrial animals. A study of diplodocid snouts showed that the square snout, large proportion of pits, and fine, subparallel scratches of the teeth of "Apatosaurus" suggests it was a ground-height, nonselective browser. It may have eaten ferns, cycads, seed ferns, horsetails, and algae.

Important issues like heat control, metabolic rate and respiration are still unclear. Some scientists state that the heart would have had trouble sustaining sufficient blood pressure to oxygenate the brain. Others suggest that the near-horizontal posture of the head and neck would have eliminated the problem of supplying blood to the brain because it would not have been elevated.

James Farlow calculates that an "Apatosaurus"-sized dinosaur about would have had of fermentation contents (food being digested). "The heat of fermentation may have been a significant source of thermoregulatory heat for these reptiles".

Hanseatic League

The Hanseatic League (German: die Hanse, Dutch: de Hanze, Estonian: hansa, Latvian: Hanza Polish: Hanza, Swedish: Hansan) was an alliance of trading guilds. These guilds established and maintained a trade monopoly over the Baltic Sea and most of Northern Europe. This monopoly lasted for a time in the later Middle Ages and the Early Modern period, between the 13th and 17th centuries.

Many cities were part of it. 

The following cities were part of the Hanse. They carry the word "Hansestadt" ("Hanseatic City") as part of their official city name:


Steve McClaren

Stephen McClaren (born 3 May 1961) is an English former professional footballer and coach who currently serves as an assistant coach for Premier League club Manchester United, in his second spell at the club.

Derby County

Middlesbrough

Twente

Individual

Condom, Gers

Condom (), also called Condom-en-Armagnac or Condom-sur-Baïse, is a commune in southwestern France in the department of Gers, Occitanie region, of which it is a subprefecture.

The name "Condom" comes from the Gaulish (an ancient Celtic language spoken in parts of Europe) words "condate-ó-magos" which means "market of the confluence". "Condatómagos" later became "Condatóm" and then "Conddóm". The spelling "Condom" first came from Latin in the 10th century as ' or '.

The name of the town has nothing to do with the condom, which in French is called . There used to be a museum of condoms in Condom, but it closed in 2005.

After the colonization of the area by the Romans, the Abbey of Saint Pierre was built in 1011. During the Hundred Years' War, the city was taken twice by the English. The Saint Pierre Cathedral was begun in 1507.

Condom is a town on the "Via Podiensis" (the "Le Puy Route"), one of the three major French pilgrimage routes of the Way of St. James. This particular route begins in Le Puy and ends in Santiago de Compostela in northwest Spain. Pilgrims came to Condom from Miradoux and continue on to Larressingle.

Condom is a "commune" found along the Baïse river, between Armagnac and Agenais. Condom is the main town of the "Condomès" or "Ténarèze" region.

The "commune" has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Condom is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Condom, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Condom are known, in French, as "Condomois" (women: "Condomoises").

With a population of 6,835 (2014), Condom has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Condom

The "commune" of Condom depends mainly of the agriculture, the tourism and the trade.

Important agricultural products are Armagnac (an alcoholic beverage like a brandy), "Floc de Gascogne" (a regional apéritif) and "foie gras".

Some of places of interest are:

Condom is twinned with:



Trojan horse (computing)

In computing, a Trojan horse (also written as trojan) is malicious software that misleads users of its true purpose. Sometimes a Trojan horse does exactly what it claims to do but it also does something else. This is because its real hidden purpose is to perform malicious actions in the background, such as allow a stranger to read and change the computer's information. In some cases the user notices, in other cases they do not. Although a Trojan horse can contain any type of harmful code, many modern forms act as a backdoor, which bypasses normal authentication or encryption in a computer.

Trojans are generally spread by some form of trickery, for example getting users to click on bad popups, Email, text, attachments, advertisements, or fake device driver updates. A trojan may act as a "backdoor" to the computer, contacting a controller which can then have unauthorized access to the affected computer. Trojans may also access users' personal information such as banking information, passwords, or personal identity. It can infect other devices connected to their networks. 

It is rare to get a trojan on your computer by merely visiting a website, though it can happen. Usually, though, trojans are attached to something the user downloads, such as music, wallpapers, backgrounds, games, and especially programs (apps). 

Trojans were named after the Trojan Horse in Greek mythology, which was a large wooden horse, given by the Trojans (from Troy) to the Greeks (from Greece) as a gift, but when the Greeks brought it inside their city walls, Trojan soldiers came out and defeated the city.

Cognac

Cognac is an alcoholic drink. It is made from grapes. It is a kind of brandy. This means there is 40 percent of alcohol or more in it. It is made around the city of Cognac. Only a few very special kinds of grapes may be used to produce the brandy. 

The most important cognac importers are the United States, followed by Great Britain and Japan.

Den Helder

Den Helder is a municipality in the Netherlands. It is in the province of North Holland. Den Helder is at the northernmost point of the province, excluding the island Texel. About 60,000 people live there.

Art of Life

Art of Life was the fourth album by the Japanese band X Japan. It was released in 1993 and contained only a song of 29 minutes of the same name.

Barbecue

Barbecue (or "Barbeque", "BBQ") is a special type of grill. It is also a way to prepare meat which is then cooked with a barbecue sauce. It is especially popular in Australia and in certain parts of the United States. 

Barbecue cooking is often done very slowly. It is not as hot as grilling. Some meats must be cooked slowly to be tender, and easy to chew. Sometimes, meat may be slowly cooked for 8 to 24 hours on a barbecue.

In the United States, people barbecue chicken, beef and pork, depending on the part of the country. Barbecuing is very popular in the Central and Southern U.S., especially in Texas with beef and Kansas City and North Carolina with pork. In the United States barbecued meat is usually covered in barbecue sauce, a type of thick, dark red sauce that often contains spices, tomatoes, and honey. Very often, American barbecue grills get heat from hickory wood.

In California, it was common to barbecue beef in a hole in the ground rather than a grill. This is called a "pit barbecue".

In Greek cuisine, a barbecue is called a skara.
A Greek skara is typically used to grill various cuts of meat, such as steak, koftas, pork, souvlaki, chicken wings and chicken breasts. Greek salad and other cold foods accompany the meal.

A Brazilian barbecue is called a Churrascaria.

Cow Belles

Cow Belles is an American teen movie romantic comedy movie produced Disney Channel original movie. It was shown on television on March 26, 2006. This movie stars Aly and AJ of Aly & AJ.

Two spoiled sisters (Aly & AJ) are rich, but their father and the family have many losses, forcing the girls to do dairy farm work. Courtney (AJ) still saves party money enough to save the family. Taylor (Aly) decides to give up the money after she was told not to just to save the family. Soon the girls learn a lesson about friendship, sisterhood, and love, and that it is better to choose brains of bronze.

Legacy

In law, a legacy is something that someone gets by inheritance, or by a will. In historical terms, a legacy is something that is handed down from one period of time to another period of time. Often it means something handed down from an ancestor or predecessor.

In loose terms, it is sometimes said that countries or civilization can leave a legacy, such as an idea that will be remembered for a long time. That is clearly an extension of its original meaning(s) which were about individual people.

Buddha Confucius and other religious and philosophical teachers have left moral legacies. 

More than 2,000 years ago the Greek Mathematician, Euclid of Alexandria, collected and wrote down ideas about geometry and measurement in a text called "Elements". Students still use these ideas when they learn about mathematics. Other sciences also owe inherited much from Ancient Greece, and science, in general, is a system of legacies. Greek science developed from Ancient Egyptian and Babylonian science, as Islamic science used its legacy rather than those of other cultures. Renaissance science built on its predecessors, as did modern science.

In Athens, citizens voted on what the city would do. This early form of democracy is a cultural legacy. Ancient Rome elected some of their leaders and made Roman laws that became a legal legacy for later civilizations. Roman and Greek architecture are also often imitated, as another kind of legacy.

Some families pass objects and ideas down from generation to generation. These heirlooms and ideas can also be called legacies. It may have to do with a person or many people. Individuals can leave a historical legacy.

Legacy is a similar concept as inheritance and heritage. It is something we inherit from past generations and pass to our future generations. Usually, "heritage" refers to material and economical inheritance, while "legacy" refers to immaterial and cultural inheritance.

When software source code is reused in new software development, the old code is often called legacy code.

Lulu (singer)

Marie McDonald McLaughlin Lawrie (born 3 November 1948), best known by her stage name Lulu, is a Scottish pop singer and actress. Her most famous hit is the song ""Shout"". 

Lulu's first hit was the song ""To Sir with Love"", which was the title song of the 1967 movie "To Sir, with Love", which was also her movie debut. 

In 1969, she represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest. Lulu tied for first place alongside three other countries due to no tie-breaking rule. 

She sang the title song of the 1974 James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun".

She was a contestant in the 2011 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".


Catanzaro

Catanzaro () is an Italian city in Calabria. It has 95,099 people.

Vibo Valentia

Vibo Valentia () is an Italian city in Calabria. It has 33,957 people.


Reggio Calabria

Reggio di Calabria (, ; ) is a city in southern Italy, capital of the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria, and the twenty-first most populous city in Italy after Modena. Reggio was the capital of Magna Graecia. It was the first city to take the name of Italy, founder of the ononymous name, formerly populated by Italics. It is the third economic centre of mainland Southern Italy, the city proper has a population of more than 200,000 inhabitants spread over , while the fast-growing urban area numbers 260,000 inhabitants. About 560,000 people live in the metropolitan area, recognised in 2015 by Italian Republic as a metropolitan city and is the 100th most populated city in the EU.
Reggio is located on the "toe" of the Italian Peninsula and is separated from the island of Sicily by the Strait of Messina. It is situated on the slopes of the Aspromonte, a long, craggy mountain range that runs up through the centre of the region.

As a major functional pole in the region, it has strong historical, cultural and economic ties with the city of Messina, which lies across the strait in Sicily, forming a metro city of less than 1 million people.
Reggio is the oldest city in the region, and during ancient times, it was an important and flourishing colony of Magna Graecia. Reggio has a modern urban system, set up after the catastrophic earthquake of 1908, which destroyed most of the city. The region has been subject to earthquakes.
It is a major economic centre for regional services and transport on the southern shores of the Mediterranean. Reggio, with Naples and Taranto, is home to one of the most important archaeological museums, the prestigious National Archaeological Museum of Magna Græcia, dedicated to Ancient Greece (which houses the Bronzes of Riace, rare example of Greek bronze sculpture, which became one of the symbols of the city). Reggio is the seat, since 1907, of the Archeological Superintendence of Bruttium and Lucania.

The city centre, consisting primarily of Liberty buildings, has a linear development along the coast with parallel streets, and the promenade is dotted with rare magnolias and exotic palms. Reggio has commonly used popular nicknames: The "city of Bronzes", after the Bronzes of Riace that are testimonials of its Greek origins; the "city of bergamot", which is exclusively cultivated in the region; and the "city of Fatamorgana", an optical phenomenon visible in Italy only from the Reggio seaside. 

Crotone

Crotone () is an Italian city in Calabria. It has 60,517 people. It was founded by Greek colonists in the second half of the 8th century BC and it quickly became one of the most important centres of Magna Graecia (). The city is located on the eastern side of Calabria, near the Ionian Sea and the Esaro river, at 8 meters above the sea level. According to the legend, the name of the city derives from the name of the hero "Crotone", son of Aeacus, who was killed by mistake by his friend Heracles. So, in his honor he founded a city with his name.

Cosenza

Cosenza is an Italian city in Calabria. 72,998 people live there.

Common Era

Common Era (CE; ) is a method used to identify a year. It means "a year in our time" (rather than a year a very long time ago). It is the system for recording dates used almost everywhere around the world today. It is in common use. 

CE is an alternative to the AD system used by Christians but the numbering is the same: the year 2024 CE is equally AD 2024 (but usually we just say "the year is 2024"). AD is an abbreviation of the . The CE method was created as an alternative to AD as not everyone is a Christian. However, the name Christian Era () is another name for Common Era.

When writing about calendars, an era is span of dates, starting from a particular moment in time. In the case of both CE and AD, that start date is approximately the date of the birth of Jesus of Nazareth. Neither system uses a year zero (0): the year before 1 CE was 1 BCE.

Before Common Era (BCE) is the system for the years "Before the Common Era". BCE uses the same numbering as BC (Before Christ). "CE" and "BCE" are placed after the year number. Thus we write "Right now our year is 2024 CE" or "Artaxerxes III of Persia was born in 425 BCE."

Usage of Common Era notation began about 1615 among Christians in Europe, and has been growing among non-Christians and among Christians who desire to be sensitive to non-Christians.


Sheet music

Sheet music is a type of printed music. The music that musicians have in front of them when they play is printed music. The sheet or sheets of paper that contain(s) the written notation of what the musician are to play is called printed music. Sheet music usually refers to a "single sheet" of music; that is, one song or piece printed separately. Printed music includes sheet music but also includes music published in collections. People often confuse sheet music with printed music. 

Sheet music can be published as a separate copy for one piece or song, or it can be a collection of pieces in a larger book. If there is a piece of music for violin and piano, then the pianist will play from the piano part, which will have the piano music written, as usual, on two staves. Above those two staves, printed slightly smaller, will be another stave with the violin part. The violinist will play from a separate part which will just have the violin music. This means that the pianist can always see what the violin should be playing, but the violinist will not be able to see what the pianist is playing. The violinist may need to look at the piano part sometimes to see how the violin and piano part fit together. It would be difficult for the violinist to play from music with both parts because he would need to turn the pages too often. (Unless the violinist had a few measures of rest right before the page turn, the violinist would miss playing some of his/her part while turning the page.)

A score is printed music of a piece written for several instruments. The music (parts) for each instrument are written above one another on separate staves. A conductor can see from the score what each instrument should be playing and how it fits together. Each player only has his or her own part (the notes that that performer plays) in front of him/her. From time to time, if the instrument has long period where he/she does not play (that is, has a block of rests), the publisher may print, usually in smaller type, a portion of the music another instruments (usually an instrument playing the melody) would be playing to help the performer know what to listen before he/she starts playing. These smaller notes are called cues because it cues, or clues, the performer that he/she is going to start playing soon.)


In an orchestral score, the order in which the instrumental lines are usually printed is:

If there is a choir or solo singers their part is written near the bottom, above the strings. Except for vocal parts, bar lines will usually join up the staves of each family. Not joining them for vocal parts allows greater flexibility for placement of lyrics. Joining bar lines makes it easier to find the instruments than if they had been drawn all the way down the page. An experienced conductor knows score order well enough to examine a score and very quickly see which instrument plays a given part, even if the instrument names are not there. Below is an example of score order for a standard orchestral score as it would be listed alongside the staves.


<nowiki>*</nowiki>Indicates a non standard instrument, these are instruments that are used because the composer wants the tone in the ensemble only

In a band score, the instruments will be listed differently. Below is an example of score order for a standard band score as it would be listed alongside the staves.


<nowiki>*</nowiki>Indicates a non standard instrument, these are instruments that are used because the composer wants the tone in the ensemble only


Score

Score or scorer may refer to:










Radian

A radian is a unit of measuring angles. It is shown by the symbol "rad" or, less often, (for circular measure). The radian was once an SI supplementary unit, but was changed to a derived unit in 1995. A radians arc length is equal to the radii from the circle it is part of.

Most people who do mathematics or physics use radians, rather than degrees, because some kinds of calculations, mostly in trigonometry and calculus, are simpler when using radians rather than degrees. Thus, most calculations related to angular frequency (such as angular velocity) use radians per second. 

People who look through a telescope or sniper scope often use milliradians to describe distances as seen through it.

1 radian is equal to about 57.3°. There are 2π radians (about 6.28 radians) in a full circle. The formula for turning radians to degrees and vice versa is:

or:

we can also say that:


Taoyuan City

Taoyuan City () is a special municipality of Taiwan, Republic of China, in the northwestern part of the island, next to New Taipei City. Taoyuan District is in this municipality and serves as the seat of Taoyuan City.

"Taoyuan" means "peach garden," since the area used to have many peach blossoms. Taoyuan is the native home to the Pingpu tribe of Aborigines. It is now an important industrial region of Taiwan. Taipei Taoyuan International Airport, which serves Taipei, is inside this county.

Taoyuan City controls 13 districts.




Tainan County

Tainan County (Chinese:台南縣; Taiwanese: Tâi-lâm-koān) is a county in Southern Taiwan . The name "Tainan" means simply "Southern Taiwan".



Hsinchu County

Hsinchu County (Chinese:新竹縣; POJ: Sin-tek-kōan) is a county in northwestern Taiwan. The population is mainly Hakka; there is a Taiwanese aboriginal minority in the southeastern part of the county.

Hsinchu County controls one township-level city (縣轄市), three city-townships (鎮), and nine rural townships (鄉).



Xindian District

Xindian District (Chinese: 新店區; POJ: Sin-tiàm-khu) is a district in the southern part of New Taipei City of the Republic of China. It has been historically spelt as "Sindian" (Tongyong Pinyin) or "Hsintien" (Wade-Giles) and "Xindian" (Hanyu Pinyin) on road signs in Taipei City. "Sindian" is the Tongyong Pinyin spelling of the city's name.




Apia

Apia, is the capital of Samoa. In 2001, it had 380,800 people. It is part of the Tuamasaga district. The city is on the northern coast of Upolu Island. It is the nation's major port and only city. Fish and copra are the country's major exports, and cotton goods, motor vehicles, meats, and sugar are the major imports.

Apia () is on a natural dock at the mouth of the Vaisigano River. It is on a narrow coastal plain with Mount Vaea (height 472 m) directly to its south. Two main ridges run south on either side of the Vaisigano River, with roads on each sides. The more western of these is Cross Island Road, the fewer roads crossing to the south coast of Upolu.

Mulinu'u, the old capital, is the location of the Parliament House ("Fale Fono") and the historic observatory, which is now the meteorology office. In 1983, the Apia Samoa Temple was built here by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

Funafuti

Funafuti is the capital of the small island nation of Tuvalu. It has a population of 4,492 (2002), making it the most populated atoll in this country. It is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide. There is an airstrip, hotel (Vaiaku Langi Hotel), and administrative buildings, as well as homes, constructed both in the traditional manner, out of palm fronds, and more recently out of cement blocks. The most prominent building on Funafuti atoll is the Church of Tuvalu. Other sites of interest are the remains of American aircraft that crashed on Funafuti during World War II, when the airstrip was used by the American forces to defend the Gilbert Islands (now Kiribati). The United States claimed Funafuti until a treaty of friendship was concluded in the late 70's or early 80's.

The largest island is Fongafale. On this island, there are four villages, of which one is Vaiaku, where the government is. The capital of Tuvalu is sometimes given as Fongafale or Vaiaku, but the entire atoll of Funafuti is actually the capital.

There are at least 33 islands in the atoll. The biggest is Fongafale, followed by Funafala. At least three islands are inhabited, which are Fongafale, Funafala and Motuloa. 



The lagoon surrounded by the atoll is TeNamo. It has a vertical length of more than 20 km. 

Cantonese language

Cantonese is an East Asian language which comes from Canton, southern China. People use the word 'Cantonese' to refer to the Guangzhou dialect, Hong Kong dialect, Xiguan dialect, Wuzhou dialect and Tanka dialect of Yue. Linguists prefer to keep the name 'Cantonese' for the Yue dialect of Guangzhou (Canton) and Hong Kong. Using this classification, Cantonese is the prestige dialect of Yue.

Cantonese is spoken by people in Southern China, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia and Singapore, as well as by many overseas Chinese who came from Cantonese-speaking parts of China. It is also the most common language of overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia and North America. It is said that over 100,000,000 people speak Cantonese. It is a tonal language with 6 kinds of tones. While Cantonese is the third most spoken dialect of Chinese, behind Mandarin and Wu, its official status in Hong Kong and Macau make it widely known among other Chinese dialects.

Even though Cantonese is called a dialect of Chinese, Cantonese is so different from Mandarin, the most spoken dialect of Chinese, that they are mutually unintelligible, meaning that a speaker of one language cannot understand the other language without learning it beforehand. It is said that Cantonese is more closely related to Classical Chinese or the Traditional Chinese than Mandarin.

Cantonese is from the Sino-Tibetan family of languages.

In Hong Kong, the official languages are English and Chinese, according to the Basic Law of Hong Kong. The vagueness of listing Chinese as the official language allows for the wide use of Cantonese, as it is called a dialect of Chinese. In Hong Kong, many people speak Cantonese instead of Mandarin, and some may even get offended if you speak Mandarin. Most schools in Hong Kong teach in Cantonese, rather than the language that they speak in Mainland China. 

In Macau, the majority speak Cantonese and it is also the official language with the other being Portuguese. But here the people speak lots of other languages as it is popular with tourists because of its casinos.

Skirt

A skirt is a piece of clothing that hangs downwards from the waist.
Different skirts have been worn in many different cultures at different times. There are skirts that are clothing for women, for men, or for both.

In modern Western / European culture skirts are usually worn by women. An exception is the kilt and the fustanella, which are traditional skirts for men that are still worn today.

Skirts are worn at semi-formal occasions, and sometimes at formal events, although a dress is more common.

The bottom part of a dress can also be called a skirt.

Skirts have been worn by people for a very long time in the past.

A skirt made out of straw from 3.900 BC was found in Armenia. In ancient Egypt, men and women have worn skirts.

In the Bronze Age, the people in the South of West and Central Europe used clothes that go around the body like dresses. In Northen Europe, people wore skirts and blouses.

In the Middle Ages, men and women also used clothes like dresses. The bottom part of the dress for men were shorter than the dresses that women wore.

Today, skirts are still used by men and women. Such skirts are the lungi, lehnga, kanga, sarong which is used in South Asia and Southeast Asia. The kilt is used in Scotland and Ireland.

The Chinese were one of the early societies who wore miniskirts, which are short skirts.

In the 1900s, the dresses worn by Western women had more types than other years. The waistline of the dresses moved from under the breasts to the natural waist. Skirts were narrow at first, but they slowly became wider, particularly in the 1860s.

The "rainy daisy" skirt came in the 1980s, where the bottom of the skirt stopped touching the floor. This would give idea to the modern skirts with shorter lengths.

In the 1920s, short skirts had become famous. The longer skirts came back in 1930, before shorter skirts were used in war times because there were limits on fabric.

In the years of 1967 to 1970, skirts became very short, where the bottom of the skirt was up to the bottom of underwear.






Kaohsiung County

Kaohsiung County (Chinese:高雄縣; POJ: Ko-hiông-kōan) was a county in southern Taiwan administered as part of Taiwan Province of the Republic of China. It was combined with the former Kaohsiung City in 2010 to create a new Kaohsiung City.



Red blood cell

Red blood cells (also known as RBCs, red blood corpuscles or erythrocytes) are cells in the blood which transport oxygen. In women, there are about 4.8 million red blood cells per microliter of blood. In men, there are 5.4 million red blood cells per microliter of blood. Red blood cells are red because they have hemoglobin in them. Quantity of Red Blood Cells in the Human Body. The average male adult has about 5 million red blood cells per cubic millimeter of blood, while the average female adult has about 4.5 million red blood cells per cubic milliliter of blood. This may vary by about 300,000 to 500,000 red blood cells.

The most important function of red blood cells is the transport of oxygen (O) to the tissues. The hemoglobin absorbs oxygen in the lungs. Then it travels through blood vessels and brings oxygen to all other cells via the heart. The blood cells go through the lungs (to collect oxygen), through the heart (to give all cells oxygen). They go back to the heart to be re-pumped to the lungs (to again collect oxygen), so the blood in your body travels in a double circuit, going through your heart twice before it completes one full circulation of the body.

Red blood cells are doughnut-shaped, but without the hole. This shape is called a bi-concave disc. However, hereditary diseases such as sickle-cell disease can cause them to change shapes and stop blood flow in capillaries and veins. Plasma is got from whole blood. To prevent clotting, an anticoagulant (such as citrate) is added to the blood immediately after it is taken. 

Jan Swammerdam a scientist from the Netherlands was the first person to observe red blood cells under a microscope. Antoni van Leeuwenhoek, another scientist from the Netherlands, was the first to draw an illustration of "Red Blood Cells".

Mammalian RBCs are unique in that they have no cell nucleus in their mature form. These cells have nuclei during development, but push them out as they mature. This gives more space for haemoglobin. Mammalian RBCs also lose all other cellular organelles such as their mitochondria, Golgi apparatus and endoplasmic reticulum. All other vertebrates have nucleated red blood cells.

As a result of not having mitochondria, the cells use none of the oxygen they carry. Instead they produce the energy carrier ATP. Because they lack nuclei and organelles, mature red blood cells do not contain DNA and cannot synthesize any RNA. They cannot divide, and have limited repair capabilities. This also makes sure no virus can target mammalian red blood cells. 

Carbon dioxide (CO) is carried in blood in three different ways. The exact percentages vary depending whether it is arterial or venous blood.

Chișinău

Chișinău (IPA /ki.ʃi.'nəu/), formerly known as Kishinev, is the capital city and industrial and commercial center of Moldova. It is also largest city of Moldova. It is in the center of the country, on the river Bîc.

The city is in the middle of the central area of Moldova. It is divided into five administrative districts. These are:

Chișinău was founded in 1436 as a monastery town. The city was part of the Moldavian Principality, which, starting with the 16th century fell under the suzerainty of the Ottoman Empire. At the beginning of the 19th century it was a small village of 7,000 people. In 1812 it was occupied by Russia, who made it the centre of Bessarabia. By 1862, there were 92,000 people. By 1900, there were 125,787.

Following the Russian October Revolution the country declared independence from the fallen empire, before joining the Kingdom of Romania. With Moldova only autonomous in the new state, Chișinău lost its title as Capital and moved into the background.

Between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work. In 1927 a monument to the famous prince Stephen III of Moldavia, by the artist Alexandru Plămădeală was erected.

In the chaos of the Second World War Chișinău was nearly completely destroyed. This began with the Soviet occupation led by the Red Army from 28 June 1940. As the city began to recover from the takeover, a devastating earthquake occurred on 10 November 1940. The epicenter of the quake, which measured 7.3 on the Richter scale, was in eastern Romania and subsequently led to substantial destruction in the city.

After less than one year the assault of modern-day Moldova by the German army began. From July 1941 the city suffered from large-scale shooting and heavy bombardments by Nazi air raids. The Red Army resistance held until Chișinău finally fell on 17 July 1941.

Following the occupation the city suffered from mass murder of predominantly Jewish inhabitants. As had been seen elsewhere in Europe, the followers of Judaism were transported on trucks to the outskirts of the city. There they were then shot in partially dug pits. The number of Jews murdered during the occupation of the city is estimated at 10,000 people.

As the War drew to a conclusion the former capital was pulled once more into heavy fighting as German troops retreated. After nearly six months of fighting Chișinău finally fell on 24 August 1944 to the Red Army. By this point the city had lost 70% of its buildings and constructions - the earthquake of 1940 and the air raids contributing to the largest part of this.

After the war the head of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin, claimed the area around Bessarabien. Stalin reorganised the political landscape of Eastern Europe, giving nominal independence to Romania and incorporating Moldova into the USSR. Chișinău was once more made capital of the now 'autonomous' republic.

In the years 1947 to 1949 the architect Alexey Shchusev developed a plan with the aid of a team of architects for the gradual reconstruction of the city.

The beginning of the 1950s saw a rapid increase in the number of people. The Soviets responded by constructing large-scale housing and palaces in the style of Stalinist architecture. This process continued under Nikita Khrushchev, who called for construction under the slogan "good, cheaper and built faster". The new architectural style brought about dramatic change and generated the style that dominates today, with large blocks of flats arranged in considerable settlements.

The period of the most significant development of the city was from 1971, when the Council of Ministers of the USSR has adopted a decision "About the measures for further development of Kishinev city", that secured more than one billon rubles of investments from the state budget, until 1991, when Moldova gained independence.

Chișinău is governed by the City Council and the City Mayor, both elected once every four years. The current mayor is Dorin Chirtoacă. Ursu is the former vice-mayor, between August 1994 and April 2005 was Serafim Urechean. Under the Moldovan constitution, Urechean - elected to parliament in 2005 - was prevented from holding an additional post to that of an MP. The Democratic Moldova Bloc leader accepted his mandate and in April resigned from his former position. During his 11-year term, Urechean committed himself to the restoration of the church tower of the "Catedrala Naşterea Domnului", as well as improvements in public transport. From 1994, Chișinău saw the construction and launch of new trolley bus lines.

Chișinău is the most economically developed and industrialised city in Moldova. Chișinău is a major industrial and services centre; its main industries include consumer and electrical goods, building materials, machinery, plastics, rubber, and textiles. The main service fields are banking and shopping/commerce.

The city has thirty-six universities, and the Academy of Sciences of Moldova. Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the city has become a relatively lively and well-provisioned capital, with a much higher standard of living than most rural areas.




Jöns Jakob Berzelius

Jöns Jakob Berzelius (20 August 1779 – 7 August 1848) was a Swedish chemist. He invented the modern chemical notation. Berzelius, John Dalton and Antoine Lavoisier are said to be the fathers of modern chemistry.

Berzelius was born in Linköping in Östergötland in Sweden. He graduated from Uppsala University as a physician. He became a professor in medicine and surgery at the Stockholm School of Surgery in 1807. In 1810, this became part of Medico-Chirurgiska Institutet (later the Karolinska Institute) and Berzelius became a professor of chemistry and pharmacy.

Not long after going to Stockholm, Berzelius wrote a chemistry textbook for his medical students. While doing experiments for the textbook, he found that inorganic compounds are made of different elements in proportion by weight. Based on this, in 1828, he created a table of relative atomic weights. On this table, oxygen was set to 100. The table had all of the elements known at the time. This work gave evidence of the atomic hypothesis that 
chemical compounds are made of atoms combined in whole number amounts. 

In order to help his experiments, Berzelius created a system of chemical notation. In this notation, the elements were given simple written labels, for example, O for oxygen, or Fe for iron. The proportions of the elements was shown by numbers. This is the same basic system used today. The only difference is that instead of the subscript number used today (for example, HO), Berzelius used a superscript.

Berzelius found the chemical elements silicon, selenium, thorium, and cerium. Students working in Berzelius laboratory also found lithium and vanadium.

Berzelius was the first person to show the difference between organic compounds (those made with carbon), and inorganic compounds. He helped Gerhardus Johannes Mulder in his analysis of organic compounds such as coffee, tea and many proteins. The term "protein" itself was created by Berzelius, after Mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and might be made of a single type of a (very large) molecule.

Berzelius wrote a great deal. He helped many leading scientists (such as Mulder, Claude Louis Berthollet, Humphry Davy, Friedrich Wöhler and Eilhard Mitscherlich), and many less-notable scientists.



Antibody

Antibodies (also called immunoglobulins) are large Y-shaped proteins that can stick to the surface of bacteria and viruses. They are found in the blood or other body fluids of vertebrates. Antibodies are the key element in the adaptive immune system.

The antibody recognizes a unique part of the foreign target called an antigen. Each tip of the "Y" of an antibody contains a structure (like a lock) that fits one particular key-like structure on an antigen. This binds the two structures together.

Using this binding mechanism, an antibody can "tag" a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system, or can neutralize its target directly. The production of antibodies is the main function of humoral immunity.

Each antibody is different. They are all designed to attack only one kind of antigen (in practice, this means virus or bacteria). For instance, an antibody designed to destroy smallpox is unable to hit the bubonic plague or the common cold.

Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar, that small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable. This allows millions of antibodies with different tip structures to exist. Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen. This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens.

There are two types of white blood cells: Phagocytes and Lymphocytes.

Phagocytes are a type of white blood cell. Once the antibodies attach to the pathogen the phagocytes bind to and engulf the pathogens. Once the pathogen is surrounded, the phagocyte then breaks down the cell using enzymes in its body. Phagocytes rely on antibodies to flag down pathogens in the blood system. 

The other type of white blood cell is called a Lymphocyte. These white blood cells are the ones that are in charge of producing antibodies. The Lymphocytes can detect what pathogen is in your body at that given moment and the Lymphocyte will produce a specific type of antibody to specifically attack that pathogen. These antibodies help group pathogens together into one mass so that the phagocytes can just engulf them whole, rather than going around and individually finding pathogens. They produce antibodies that are specific to the pathogen. It takes a while for lymphocytes to produce these specific antibodies. In addition, some lymphocytes produce toxins that counteract the effect of pathogenic exotoxins in the body.

Although a huge variety of different antibodies is made in a single individual, "the number of genes available to make these proteins is limited by the size of the genome".

There are a vast number of microbe strains, and so vertebrates need millions of different antibodies. Actually, humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies, each capable of binding a distinct antigen site. This must be done with a very much smaller number of genes: the total human genome has only about 20,000 genes.

Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved. These allow vertebrate B cells to generate a huge pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes. The full details are not presented here, just a summary.

The variety of antibodies is got by combining segments from a pool of genes in many different ways. Then, hyper-mutations occur in the binding site area of the antibody gene. This creates further diversity.

Antibodies are glycoproteins belonging to the immunoglobulin superfamily; the terms "antibody" and "immunoglobulin" are often used interchangeably. Antibodies are typically made of basic structural units—each with two large "heavy chains" and two small "light chains". There are several different types of antibody heavy chains, and several different kinds of antibodies, which are grouped into different "isotypes" based on which heavy chain they possess. Five different antibody isotypes are known in mammals. They help direct the appropriate immune response for each different type of foreign object they encounter.

Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar, a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable, allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures, or antigen binding sites, to exist. This region is known as the "hypervariable region". Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen. This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens. The large and diverse population of antibodies is generated by random combinations of a set of gene segments that encode different antigen binding sites (or "paratopes"), followed by random mutations in this area of the antibody gene, which create further diversity. Antibody genes also re-organize in a process called class switching, which allows a single antibody to be used by several different parts of the immune system.

The specific antibody that is produced to fight Group A streptococcus is called Antistreptolysin-O, also known as ASO.

Detection of ASO via antistreptolysin-O titer or anti-deoxyribonuclease B (anti-DNase B) is a common way of testing for a group A streptococcal infection. These tests indicate if streptolysin antibodies are present. These proteins are only synthesized by lymphocytes in the event that streptolysin enters the immune system, thus this is a useful way of determining if a patient has the infection.

Understanding the function and mechanism of antibodies is a powerful tool for disease treatment. Though most antibodies used in current clinical research are developed from mouse monoclonal antibodies, this method is allowing the scientific community to make great progress. Such developments include creating antibodies with highly conserved targets and the synthesis of new structures based on the antibodies themselves. There have also been advancements in increasing the binding affinity of antibodies to their associated antigens, a crucial quality to the effectiveness of the antibodies themselves.

Antibodies are constantly being developed in order to protect the immune system from harmful pathogens. For example, a team of researchers is working on creating a monoclonal antibody that combats Human T-cell leukemia virus type-1 (HTLV-1). The antibody specifically targets the HTLV-1 envelope protein gp46 glycoprotein as a means of destroying HTLV-1-infected cells. The results of the study demonstrate that antibodies can be developed as a therapeutic tool against pathogen-infected cells, thereby serving as a means of treating diseases caused by said pathogens.


Anura

The order Anura includes the frogs and toads. They are the most successful living amphibia, judged by number of species. There are about 7400 different species of amphibians, and about 6500 are in the Anura.

There is no fundamental difference between frogs and toads. Frogs have a short body, webbed digits (fingers or toes), protruding eyes, forked tongue and no tail. They are exceptional jumpers: many of their features, particularly their long, powerful legs, are adaptations to improve jumping performance. They often live in semi-aquatic or humid areas.

A popular distinction is often made between frogs and toads on the basis of their appearance. The warty skin of toads is an adaptation for making their toxic slime. Apart from these glands, their skin is dry, and that is an adaptation to drier habitats. These features have evolved a number of times independently: convergent evolution. The distinction has no taxonomic basis: the Anura are not divided into frogs and toads. The only family exclusively given the common name "toad" is the Bufonidae (the "true toads"), but many species from other families are also called "toads".

Frogs have smooth (soft) skin, while toads have rough (hard) skin. Frogs need their skin to be wet in order for them to get oxygen. Frogs and toads have broad heads and plump bodies. They have short fore limbs and long webbed hind feet. This helps them to move and swim in water. They can also use their legs to crawl, hop and leap. Frogs are good jumpers, and some can leap up to six feet in the air. Tree frogs can climb on any surfaces, they use their sticky hands to do this. The tympanum membrane can only be seen on frogs. The tympanum membrane can be found between the frog's ears and eyes. Frogs have tiny teeth inside their mouths. They are found on the lower jaw. The African bullfrog is the only species where the males are longer than the females. Males can reach up to 9-10 inches in length, while the female only grows up to 4 inches. Frogs belonging to the suborder Neobatrachia, such as the poison dart frogs and Mantellinae frogs, can kill humans. Like most poisonous animals, they get their toxin from their food.

Most frogs and toads lives near slow moving waters like rivers, swamps, lakes and ponds. Others such as tree frogs and poison dart frogs lives in forests. Frogs and toads can be found almost everywhere except Antarctica. Frogs and toads squeak or make calls when they are touched or feel threatened. They also make those sounds to communicate with others in their habitat. They make these sounds by expanding their throats with air and letting the air go out. Male bullfrogs will roar while mating with a female. Most frogs and toads are territorial. This means that they go to battle when an animal of their own kind gets close to where they live. They will jump, wrestle and even chase any animal away. They do this to also attract females to their territory. Females choose a territory where there is enough food for her to eat and if there is a lot of water to swim and lay her eggs.

Toads spend most of their time on land, while frogs spend most of their time in the water. Tailed frogs looks similar to toads because of their hard skin. A tailed frogs "tail" is really an organ they use to release sperm in fast-moving waters. They are the only frogs with this organ. The genus "Eleutherodactylus" are terrestrial frogs. This means that they lay eggs on land. Spadefoot toads make crying sounds during a rainstorm.

There are over 400 species of "true" toads, the Bufonidae. The marine toads are the only toads which live in Australia, where they were introduced by people. True toads have poison parotoid glands that can paralyze or even kill dogs. However, some other animals eat true toads without ill effects. Toad poisons are secreted by warts. Touching them is not harmful to humans.

There are over 400 species of tree frogs, many of which can change the color of their skin. Tree frogs have sticky feet, which helps them to climb and hang on to the big leaves. "True frogs", the Ranidae, are found in every continent except Antarctica. The family has over 700 species. The feet of burrowing frogs feet help them to dig.


Noel Edmonds

Noel Ernest Edmonds (born 22 December 1948) is an English television presenter. He is best known for hosting the television programmes "Multi-Coloured Swap Shop", "Noel's House Party, Noel's Knocking Shop" and "Deal or No Deal?". Edmonds is host of a TV game show called "Are You Smarter Than A Ten-Year-Old?" (the British version of "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?"). 

He was a DJ on BBC Radio 1 during the 1970s. 

Edmonds was married to Gillian Slater in 1971. The marriage ended in divorce after eleven years. In July 1986, he married Helen Soby. They have four daughters: Charlotte, Lorna, Olivia and Alice. The couple bought an estate at Jacobstowe, near Okehampton, Devon, as a family home. In 2004, he and Soby divorced. There was much tabloid publicity because of her extramarital affair.

It was reported Edmonds was involved with English teacher and former Miss England Pauline Bull. 

On July 23, 2009 Edmonds married his third wife, Liz Davies. She was a make-up artist on the programme Deal or No Deal?. 

As a result of his success on "Deal or No Deal?", Edmonds purchased a new home in Devon, a £1.7 million Grade-II manor house.

Edmonds was one of the trio Brown Sauce, along with Maggie Philbin and Keith Chegwin. They released the single "I Wanna Be a Winner" in 1981. It reached number 15 in the UK singles chart.

Quizmania

Quizmania was a quiz television show on ITV Play. Viewers at home phoned in to guess answers to questions to win money.

"Quizmania" was on ITV from 2005 to 2007. It has been online since 2008.


Davina McCall

Davina Lucy Pascale McCall (born 16 October 1967) is an English-French television presenter. She is best known for having presented the early seasons of "Big Brother UK" through its time on Channel 4.

She was born in London to a French mother and British father. She is the presenter of quiz show "The Million Pound Drop Live." She is also currently a judge on the UK "Masked Singer".


Artiodactyl

The Artiodactyla are even-toed ungulates, an order of mammals. They have an even number of toes: two or four. For example, camelids or animals of the Giraffidae family have two toes, but hippopotami have four toes.

Whales are ocean creatures without toes, but are classified in the related super-order Cetartiodactyla because their ancestors were even toed ungulates.

Some artiodactyls are ruminants (Ruminantia and Tylopoda). They ruminate their food—they regurgitate and re-chew it. This is a very important evolutionary advance. Their stomachs are divided into three to four sections. 

After eating, the food re-enters the mouth, where it is chewed again. The food passes to the "fermentation chamber" (rumen and reticulum), where microbes (bacteria, protozoa, and fungi) help to break down the cellulose found in plant material. 

This form of digestion has two advantages: ruminants can digest plants that are indigestible to other species, and they can take less time in eating. The animal spends only a short time out in the open with his head to the ground—rumination can happen later, in a sheltered area.



Odd-toed ungulate

Odd-toed ungulates are the Perissodactyla, an order of mammals. 

Odd-toed ungulates have an uneven number of toes: Horses have only one toe, rhinoceros have three toes, and tapirs have four toes on the front feet and three toes on the hind feet.

Their digestive system is more basic than the even-toed ungulates. A key difference between the two is that odd-toed ungulates digest plant cellulose in their intestines rather than in one or more stomach chambers as the even-toed ungulates do.

Horses, for example, get much less nutrition out of grass than bovines do. This has the consequence that horses have to stop and feed more often, which in turn makes them more liable to predators. However, horses are very well-adapted for running, more so than many oxen or other Artiodactyls.

The living ungulates are a much-reduced group: the horses (including zebras), the tapirs and the rhinoceros.


Condor

Condor is the name for two species of New World vultures. Each is the only species in its genus. They are the largest flying land birds in the Western Hemisphere. They are:


Condors are part of the family Cathartidae, whereas the 15 species of Old World vultures are in the family Accipitridae, that also includes falcons, hawks, and eagles. The New World and Old World vultures evolved from different ancestors. 

Condors are scavengers. They feed on carrion (dead animals). Their distinctive bare heads are an adaptation to their feeding method. It helps to keep them clean as they feed inside a carcass.

The Andean Condor has a wingspan of between 274 and 310 cm, and weights around 11–15 kg. The California Condor is smaller.

Fossils from the Pleistocene era have been found in various parts of North America, including New York and Florida. California Condors or their ancestors once lived on the west coast of North America as well as all the way to the eastern coast. An ancient relative of the condor, "Argentavis magnificens" from South America, may have been the largest flying bird ever with a wingspan of .


Carrion

Carrion is the carcass of a dead animal. There are several kinds of animal that feed on such meat, such as vultures, hyenas, condors, or Tasmanian Devils. Carrion is an important source of food for several kinds of carnivores and omnivores. 

The Carrion beetles also feed on it. Some plants fake the smell of carrion (they smell like carrion), so that they will attract insects they eat. Predators do not normally feed on carrion- they hunt and kill the animals they eat.

Chongqing

Chongqing (Simplified Chinese: 重庆, Traditional Chinese: 重慶; pinyin: Chóngqìng; Postal System Pinyin: Chungking) is a city and a district in Central China.
The Chongqing district is the most populated district of China and has 31,442,300 inhabitants (2005).

Chongqing is said to be the semi-mythical State of Ba that began in 11th century BC, when the Ba people began living here until they were destroyed by the State of Qin in 316 BC. 
The Qin emperor ordered a new city to be constructed, called Jiang (江州) and Chu Prefecture (楚州).

In 581 AD (Sui Dynasty), Chongqing was renamed to Yu Prefecture (渝州).

In 1102 the city was renamed Gong Prefecture.

In 1189 renamed Yu Prefecture to Chongqing Subprefecture.

In 1362 (Yuan Dynasty), Ming Yuzhen, a peasant rebel leader, established Daxia Kingdom at Chongqing for a short time.

In 1621, another short-lived kingdom of Daliang was established there.

In 1891, Chongqing became the first inland commerce port open to foreigners.

Since 1929, Chongqing was a municipality of the Republic of China. 
Chongqing was the provisional capital of the government of Chiang Kai-shek during the Second Chinese-Japanese War from 1937 to 1945.
The Japanese bombed Chongqing very hard in World War II.

In 1954, the municipality was reduced to a provincial city of the People's Republic.




Bologna

Bologna (Emilian and Romagnol: "Bulåggna") is the capital and largest city of Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy. It has about 400,000 inhabitants.
Bologna was founded by the Etruscans with the name "Felsina" (c. 534 BC) and became a Roman colony in 189 BC.

In the 11th century Bologna began to grow again as a free commune, joining the Lombard League against Frederick Barbarossa in 1164.

The University of Bologna, founded in 1088, is the oldest existing university in Europe.

After being crushed in the Battle of Zappolino by the Modenese in 1325, Bologna began to decay and asked the protection of the Pope at the beginning of the 14th century.

In 1980, 85 people were killed in a bombing at Bologna Centrale railway station. This was the most deadly terrorist attack in the history of Italy.

Bologna has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Oviedo

Oviedo () is a city in the North of Spain and capital of the Principality of Asturias. In 2020 it had 220,406 inhabitants.

Oviedo was founded about 761 A.D. by two monks Maximus and Fromestanus who built a monastery dedicated to Saint Vincent. King Fruela I (757-768) confirmed the foundation and also built a palace and a cathedral dedicated to Saint Saviour.

King Alfonso II the Chaste (791-842) moved the capital of the kingdom of Asturias to Oviedo in 791. He enlarged the city with a new cathedral, palaces, churches and city walls. Examples of these buildings which are still existing are: San Julián de los Prados, ("St Julian in the fields"), also called "Santullano", the head of the church dedicated to San Tirso, ("Saint Thyrsus"), and the Cámara Santa, ("Holy Chamber") which is a chapel which belonged to the palace of the king.
During this period, it was discovered the tomb of the Apostle St James. The king sponsored and create the St James's Way to Santiago de Compostela in order to improve communications of the city and the kingdom as a way to open them to new ideas and influences from the rest of Europe. Its known that ambassadors from Charlemagne or Carles the Great visited Oviedo at the beginning of s. IX.

King Ramiro I (842-850) built the most important and brilliant buildings of the Kingdom of Asturias: Santa María del Naranco, ("St Mary of Naranco"), a hall for the king's rest, and San Miguel de Lillo, ("St Michael of Lillo"). These buildings are at the top of the Pre-Romanesque Asturian Art.

King Alfonso III the Great (866-910), built the only civil building of this period, the water fountain La Foncalada. 

King García I (910-914) moved the capital of the kingdom to León in 910. Since then, the bishops of Oviedo will take the responsibility of the development of the city and also the population and the importance of the city decreased. Even the St James's Way moved to León and Oviedo was left apart.

The Arts Academy of Oviedo started in the 17th century.

1088

1088 was a leap year.



Pieve Ligure

Pieve Ligure is an Italian town in the region of Liguria in the province of Genoa in Italy. The population in "Pieve Ligure" is 2,458.

Pieve has a sea and hill environment. There are no beaches on the coast, but only rocks which people swim and free divew forom. The wildlife there is very varied from young catfish to octopus. The highest place of the town is S. Croce (516 m). The economy is based on agriculture and tourism.

Gamal Abdel Nasser

Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein (15 January 1918 – 28 September 1970) was the second President of Egypt from 1956 until his death. Along with Mohamed Naguib, the first President, he led the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 which overthrew the monarchy of Egypt and Sudan, and brought in a new period of change in Egypt. This change made Egypt a more socialist and modern country. In 1954 the Muslim Brotherhood tried to kill Nasser and he arrested President Naquib. Nasser ruled the country, and became president in 1956. He promoted pan-Arab nationalism, including a union with Syria that did not last very long.

Nasser is seen as one of the most important political figures in modern Arab history and politics. Under his leadership, Egypt nationalized the Suez Canal and other industries, and became important in stopping imperialism in the Arab World and Africa. He was also important in starting the Non-Aligned Movement. Nasser's version of pan-Arabism, which is often called ""Nasserism"", was very popular in the Arab world during the 1950s and 1960s. Even after the Israeli victory over the Arab armies in the Six-Day War damaged the way the public saw him, many Arabs still view Nasser as a symbol of Arab dignity and freedom.

Stork

Storks are a family of birds (Ciconiidae). They usually live near shallow bodies of water where they wade through the water, and catch small animals, like frogs, crabs, or small fish. Many species of stork are migratory, they spend the summer and the winter in different places. There are 19 different species of stork, in six genera. The marabou stork is the largest species of stork. The Abdim's stork is the smallest species of stork

Probably the best known stork is the white stork. It is known to build large nests in high places. Stork nests are often very large. They may be used for many years. Beforehand, people believed storks were monogamous, that they only had one partner in life. More recent research has shown that they may change partners. They are attached to a nest almost as much as to a partner.

The marabou stork, which lives in Africa, has a wingspan of up to 320 cm. This makes it the largest bird still alive, together with the Andean condor.

There are nineteen species of stork. They include:

The stork has many legends (stories) about it, as in the Ancient Greek storyteller's Aesop's (6th century BC) "The Farmer and the Stork" and "The Fox and the Stork". The first fable (short story) begins with a farmer plowing his fields, planting his seeds and spreading his nets. These nets caught a few cranes who hopped behind him eating the seed. Along with the cranes in his net the farmer discovered a stork with a broken leg. The stork begged the farmer to spare his life, saying that he was not a crane, but a stork. He pointed to his feathers and told the farmer that they didn’t resemble a crane’s feathers at all. The farmer laughed at the stork and said, “I have taken you with these robbers (thieves), the cranes, and you must die in their company.” Another common legend is that storks deliver babies instead of the mothers giving birth.

Wharf

A wharf is a permanent structure at a lake, a river, or the sea. It is made so that ships can be loaded and unloaded more easily. 

Public house

Public houses (better known as pubs) are businesses that serve alcoholic drinks such as beer, cider and ale, and usually also non-alcoholic drinks such as lemonade, cola, tea, and coffee to be consumed within the limits of the public house. They are subject to the licensing laws of the country. They may be closed down if not properly conducted. Many pubs also sell food such as fish and chips and meat pies.

Pubs are found in English-speaking countries such as England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, Canada, Australia and the United States. In villages and small towns in many parts of England, Wales, Ireland and Scotland, pubs are the centre of community life. Some pubs hire bands or singers to entertain customers. If the pub has rooms where people can sleep at night, it is usually called an inn.

Public houses may be owned and operated in different ways. Breweries may own a number of pubs themselves. Pubs may be run as franchises by large catering companies. However they are owned, a pub will be managed by a "landlord" or "landlady". Employees do different jobs to provide good service. Bartenders (also called "barmen" or "barmaids") serve drinks at the bar. In most pubs, the customer orders the drinks at the bar and waits for them to be prepared, then carries the drinks back to the tables or area of seating. In some types of pubs may sit at the bar or remain standing with their drinks. Some pubs hire servers, called waiters or waitresses, to bring drinks to people who are sitting at tables or in chairs. Some pubs also hire people to take away empty bottles and glasses, though commonly the bartenders will do this as well.

Pubs that serve food have cooks, dishwashers, and servers to prepare, cook, and serve the food. Bands and singers who entertain customers during the evening are not usually employees of the pub. Instead, the pub signs a contract with these entertainers, in which the entertainer promises to come to the pub on a specified day or night, in return for a sum of money.

Another type of business that serves alcohol is the nightclub. Like pubs, some nightclubs also serve food and have bands or singers as entertainers. Most people go to nightclubs because they enjoy the music and dancing. However, nightclubs often have a much wider selection of alcoholic drinks than pubs. Most nightclubs sell a number of different brands of spirits, liqueurs, wine, sherry, and aperitifs.

The bartenders (also called "barmen" or "barmaids") at nightclubs often make a much larger variety of mixed drinks, or cocktails, than those who work in pubs.

Squaring the circle

Squaring the circle is a problem of geometry. The problem is to construct a square that has the same area as the unit circle, only by using a compass and straightedge construction method. Some people also call this problem the quadrature of the circle.

This is "not" about a circle with corners like a square. It is a problem like squaring a triangle. It is easy to construct a square with the same area as a triangle. Squaring the circle is related to the other ancient problems which have been proved impossible, squaring the cube and trisecting the angle.

In 1882, Ferdinand von Lindenmann proved that this cannot be done because it is impossible to calculate √π exactly, because it is a transcendental number.

Tampa Bay Lightning

The Tampa Bay Lightning is an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were formed in 1991, and began playing in 1992-93 NHL season.

The Lightning has won the Stanley Cup championship twice and won the Division title 4 times (2002-03, 2003-04, 2017-18, and 2018-19). 

Before the Lightning's Stanley Cup championship, the team was regarded as one of the worst team in the league. It made the play-offs once (1995-96) before winning the Southeast Division in 2002-03. 

It won the Stanley Cup championship in 2003-04, the year before the NHL Lock-Out. Under the leadership of captain Dave Andreychuk, and the strong goaltending performance of goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin, the Lightning earned its first Stanley Cup over the Calgary Flames in 7 games.

During the Lightning's Stanley Cup winning year, Martin St. Louis won the Hart Trophy, the league's most valuable player. After game 7 against the Calgary Flames, Brad Richards was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy, the play-offs most valuable player. Also, coach John Tortorella was awarded the Jack Adams Trophy for coach of the year.


Syd Barrett

Roger Keith "Syd" Barrett (6 January 1946 – 7 July 2006) was an English musician. Barrett is most famous for founding the rock band Pink Floyd. He started the band in 1965 under several different names and wrote the band's first album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn". During this time he experimented with psychedelic (mind-altering) drugs and eventually exited the band in 1968. Following his departure from Pink Floyd, he released two records, "The Madcap Laughs" and "Barrett", to little commercial success, due to the unusual lyrics and unsteady beats. He later suffered from mental health issues, possibly related to his history of drug use. Some of his most successful solo songs are "Dark Globe" and "Octopus".

Barrett was born in Cambridge and died there, of pancreatic cancer and type 1 diabetes 


https://www.deviantart.com/syddygurl/art/Sydger-Nuptuals-450319403

Occupation

Occupation could mean:

In business:

In a military context:

Elsewhere:

Tapir

Tapirs are odd-toed ungulates form the family Tapiridae. The only living genus is Tapirus. The first tapirids appeared in the Eocene epoch, and by the Oligocene they looked similar to the present-day species. For much of their history, tapirs were spread across the Northern Hemisphere extinct as recently as 10,000 years ago.


Tapirs are about 2 m / 7 ft long and about 1 meter / 3 ft high. They weigh between 150 - 300 kg / 330 - 700 lb. They have a rounded body and very short stubby tails. Tapirs have hoofed toes, with four toes on the front feet and three toes on the hind feet. The Tapir's upper lip and nose have formed a short trunk, and they have a long tongue.

Tapirs have a short fur, with colors that are reddish-brown to grey to nearly black. Exceptions are the Mountain Tapir and the Asian Tapir. The Mountain Tapir has longer wooly fur. The Asian Tapir has a black front part and legs, and a white middle part and back. All baby tapirs have brown fur, with lighter stripes and dots for camouflage.

Tapirs cannot see very well, but they have good hearing and a very good sense of smell. Tapirs also swim very well.

Tapirs live in of South America and Central America, except the Asian Tapir which lives in Southeast Asia. 
Tapirs live in dense forests, and close to water. They can also live in savannah biomes, or in dry tropical deciduous forests near a permanent water source.

Tapirs are active at night. They eat leaves, fruit, berries, vegetables and nuts.

Tapirs live alone. After a pregnancy of about 13 months, the female gives birth to a single baby. After half a year the baby starts to lose the baby-coloring of its fur. When the young tapir is one year old it looks like an adult tapir, and it leaves its mother. Tapirs become mature when they are 4 years old. Tapirs can become 25 – 30 years old.


Bovid

Bovids are a family of even-toed ungulate mammals. The word "Bovidae" is comes from Latin "bos", "ox". Even-toed ungulates are said to have "cloven hooves": that means their hooves are formed from two toes. They evolved early in the Miocene period.

There 143 living species in this family. They include cattle, goats, sheep and antelopes. The family is widespread, living in all continents except the southern continents South America, Australia and Antarctica.

They are all ruminants, with the double stomach system of digesting vegetation, which is most efficient. The family originated in the Miocene, and is now very successful. Their success is probably helped by their digestive system. The group includes the three domestic animals cows, sheep and goats. 


Cromwell current

The Cromwell current is the name of a submarine river. It was discovered in 1952 by the scientist Townsend Cromwell. It is 250 miles (400 km) wide. It flows to the east. The current appears about 300 feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean at the equator. 

The "Cromwell current" carries a lot of oxygen and nutrients. It is very rich in marine life.

Subduction

Subduction is when two tectonic plates meet. One of the plates is pushed under the other into the Earth's mantle. Subduction causes the most powerful earthquakes in the world. Earthquakes caused by subduction can lead to tsunamis. 

Areas where subduction occurs are called subduction zones. Subduction zones are all around the world in places like Indonesia, Seattle, Washington and in the Himalaya mountain range in Nepal.

Icebreaker

An icebreaker is a special type of ship. Its special features include extra powerful motors and a very strong hull designed to cut through thick sheets of ice floating on oceans and lakes.

Tattoo

A tattoo is a mark made by putting ink into the skin. Tattoos may be made on human or animal skin. Tattoos on humans are a type of body modification (a way of changing the body), but tattoos on animals are most often used for identification. People sometimes get tattoos to show that they belong to a gang or culture group.

People get tattoos in "tattoo parlors". Getting a tattoo is painful, although some people have more pain than others, and some body parts are more painful to tattoo than others. Most tattoos today are created using an electric tattoo machine, which uses needles to put ink into the body.
Preserved tattoos on ancient mummified human remains reveal that tattooing has been practiced throughout the world for many centuries. In 2015, scientific re-assessment of the age of the two oldest known tattooed mummies identified Ötzi the Iceman as the oldest currently known example. This body, with 61 tattoos, was found embedded in glacial ice in the Alps, and was dated to 3250 BCE. In 2018, the oldest figurative tattoos in the world were discovered on two mummies from Egypt which are dated between 3351 and 3017 BCE.

Tattooing is an ancient art. Ötzi the Iceman, a man who lived around 3300 BC and whose mummy was found in 1991, had 61 tattoos consisting of 19 groups of lines simple dots and lines on his lower spine, left wrist, behind his right knee, and on his ankles. These tattoos, which were made of soot, were possibly part of an early form of acupuncture. Tattoos have also been found on mummies from ancient civilizations throughout the world, including Egypt, Nubia the Pazyryk culture of Russia, and from several cultures throughout South America.

Tattoos became popular in the Western world after Westerners first had contact with American Indians and Polynesians during the 1700s. James Cook, a famous British explorer, reported that he had seen tattooing being done when he was in Tahiti in 1769. The word "tattoo" comes from the Tahitian word "tatau".

In some cultures, tattoos have special meaning and importance. For example, Polynesian people like the Māori in New Zealand have a tradition of face tattoos (called "moko") which are sacred and have special meaning related to status and tribal history.

In other cultures, tattoos are forbidden. For example, tattoos are forbidden in Jewish law. In the Old Testament of the Bible, the book of Leviticus 19:28 states: "You shall not make any cuts on your body for the dead or tattoo yourselves."

Tattoos started to become popular in the United States and England during the 1860s and 1870s. At first, tattoos were most often given to soldiers and sailors. The first known professional tattoo artist in the United States was Martin Hildebrandt, a German immigrant who arrived in Boston in 1846. Between 1861 and 1865, he tattooed soldiers on both sides in the American Civil War. The first known professional tattooist in Britain worked in the port of Liverpool in the 1870s, tattooing mostly sailors. However, by the 1870s, tattoos had become fashionable among some members of the upper classes, including royalty. In the United States, tattoos were very popular with sailors. Many cities on the coast had tattoo artists in them. Later, artists such as Maud Wagner helped make tattoos more popular in the rest of the United States.

Since the 1970s, tattoos have become a mainstream part of Western fashion, common among both men and women, to all economic classes, and to age groups from the later teen years to middle age. For many young Americans, tattoos have a very different meaning than they did for earlier generations. In the past, tattoos were viewed as a form of deviance - a way of breaking social rules and standards. Today, it has become an acceptable form of expression.

At times during history, people have been forced to get tattoos to mark them as slaves, criminals, or outsiders. The ancient Romans tattooed criminals and slaves. In the 19th century, the United States marked convicts with tattoos before releasing them from jail, and the British Army marked deserters with tattoos. In the 20th century, prisoners in Siberian and Nazi concentration camps were tattooed with identification numbers.

Today, people choose to be tattooed for many different reasons. Tattoos may be used to show that a person belongs to a specific group. For example, gang tattoos may show that a person belongs to a certain criminal gang. Criminal tattoos may also show a person's criminal accomplishments (such as the number of years they spent in prison, or the number of people they have killed). Tattoos, including full-body tattoos, are popular among the Yakuza (Japanese mafia).

Tattoos can be used for cosmetic reasons. Cosmetic tattoos include "permanent makeup," which uses tattooing to make designs that look like makeup. Cosmetic tattooers can create tattooed eyebrows for people who have lost their eyebrows because of old age, diseases that cause hair loss (like alopecia), or medications that make the hair fall out (like chemotherapy). Cosmetic tattoos can also cover up moles or hide skin that is discolored because of diseases like vitiligo.

Cosmetic tattoos can also be used to cover up surgical scars, like scars from mastectomy (surgical removal of the breast). The use of artistic tattoos to cover mastectomy scars is becoming more popular in the United States and the United Kingdom. Cosmetic tattooing is also used to tattoo nipples onto reconstructed breasts after breast reconstruction surgery (where the breast which was removed during mastectomy is re-created using fat from another part of the body).

Tattoos can also be used for medical reasons. For example, a person may get a medical alert tattoo, which warns that they have a certain medical condition (like diabetes or a severe allergy). When people get radiation therapy for cancer, tattoos may be used to mark exactly where the beam of radiation should be pointed. This helps to make sure that the person gets the same treatment, in the right place, every time they have radiation therapy.

Genital tattooing is the practice of placing permanent marks under the skin of the genitals in the form of tattoos. Nearly the entire genital region can be tattooed, including the shaft and head of the penis, the skin of the scrotum, the pubic region and the outer labia.

Because it breaks the skin, tattooing carries health risks. These risks include infection and allergic reactions to tattoo inks. These problems can often be avoided if the tattooer follows rules of cleanliness, uses certain tools on one person only, and sterilizing their equipment after every use (cleaning it in a special way that will kill germs).

In many places, tattooers are required to have training on blood-borne diseases (diseases which can be spread through the blood, like HIV and hepatitis). As of 2009 in the United States, there were no reported cases of a person getting HIV from a professional tattoo.

In amateur tattooing (like tattooing in prisons), there is a much higher risk of infection. Unsterilized (unclean) tattoo equipment or contaminated ink could spread infections on the surface of the skin, fungal infections, some forms of hepatitis, herpes simplex virus, HIV, staph, tetanus, and tuberculosis.

Most people are not allergic to tattoo inks. However, there have been cases of allergic reactions to tattoo inks, especially to certain colors. Sometimes this happens because the ink includes nickel, which sets off a common metal allergy.

Sometimes, if tattooing pierces a blood vessel, a bruise might appear.

Tattoo removal is mostly done using lasers that break down the ink particles in the tattoo into smaller particles. Dermal macrophages are part of the immune system, tasked with collecting and digesting cellular debris. In the case of tattoo pigments, macrophages collect ink pigments, but have difficulty breaking them down. Instead, they store the ink pigments. If a macrophage is damaged, it releases its captive ink, which is taken up by other macrophages. This can make it particularly difficult to remove tattoos. When treatments break down ink particles into smaller pieces, macrophages can more easily remove them.

Some people who have tattoos wish that they had not gotten them. Tattoos can be taken off with laser surgery, but this is painful and often requires several visits to a dermatologist or skin care professional.


Constructed language

An artificial or constructed language (sometimes called a conlang) is a language that has been made by a person or small group, instead of being formed naturally as part of a culture. Some constructed languages are designed for use in human communication (like the common Esperanto). Others are created for use in fiction, linguistic experiments, secret codes, or simply because the maker likes to play language games.

Constructed languages can be split into a priori languages, which are made from scratch, and a posteriori languages, which borrow words and grammar from existing languages.

Constructed languages can also be split into groups by purpose. These groups are:

Some constructed languages also have constructed scripts to write them.



Joel Engel

Joel S. Engel is an American scientist. He was the Head of Research at Bell Laboratories (Belltel) in 1973. He was born on February 4, 1936 in New York City, New York. In 1973, Martin Cooper made the first mobile phone call to him whilst walking the streets of New York City.

Engineered languages

An Engineered language is a constructed language used to help experiment in logic, philosophy, and linguistics.

There are three types of Engineered language:

Pronghorn

The pronghorn ("Antilocapra americana") is an even-toed ungulate mammal, the only living member of the family Antilocapridae. 

It is a smallish ruminant mammal which looks like an antelope. It is 1.3–1.5 m (4 ft 3 in – 4 ft 11 in) long from nose to tail, and stands 81–104 cm (2 ft 8 in – 3 ft 5 in) high at the shoulder 

The pronghorn lives in North America. It lives in the prairies, but sometimes also in the desert and the Rocky Mountains.

The antilocaprids evolved in North America, where they filled a niche similar to that of the bovids that evolved in the Old World. During the Miocene and Pliocene, they were a diverse and successful group, with many different species. Some had horns with bizarre shapes, or had four, or even six, horns.

In Africa, the bovids evolved many ruminants which look like deer (convergent evolution). True deer are a different mammal, and do not live in the southern continents. For example, in Africa they are replaced south of the Atlas Mountains by bovids.

The pronghorn is the fastest land mammal in the Western Hemisphere, with running speeds of up to . It is often called the second-fastest land animal, second only to the African cheetah, and it can keep up high speeds longer than cheetahs.

The pronghorn has a yellowish-brown to reddish-brown colored fur with a white underside, and white stripes on the neck and around the mouth. Male pronghorns also have black markings on the neck and face. The males have horns that are up to 25 cm long. Females usually have no horns; if they have horns they are very short.

Pronghorns can be active at any time during day or night, but they are mostly active during twilight. Pronghorns eat grass, but also leaves and herbs. Pronghorns have the ability to digest some poisonous plants. Their large liver helps in the filtering the toxins.

In summer, adult males either defend a fixed territory that females may enter, or defend a harem of females. In this territory the male keeps a group of females which he mates in September. 

Where rainfall is high, and the grass is green, adult males tend to be territorial. They mark their territories with scent, by vocalizing, and challenging intruders.

Adult males fight each other to win over the female by injuring the other pronghorn and determining which male is stronger. Young males that do not yet fight for a territory form small groups, and old weak males live alone. Females live in groups of about 20 animals. When the female is close to giving birth, it leaves the group for a time to give birth to its offspring.

After a pregnancy of 7 to 8 months the female gives birth to 1-2 young, seldom three. The new-borns hide for three days, and after a week they can run with their mother. A pronghorn baby has grey fur, and after three months it has the adult coloring. They drink milk for 5–6 months, and start to eat grass after three weeks. Females become mature when they are 15–16 months old, and males become mature when they are 24 months old.

The pronghorn's similarity to deer is an example of convergent evolution, and it is like the parallel between deer and some African bovines.

Pronghorns were hunted almost to extinction by hunters. They were saved by interested people. On January 26, 1931, President Herbert Hoover signed the executive order for the refuge. On December 31, 1936, President Franklin Roosevelt signed an executive order creating a tract; this was the true beginning for pronghorn recovery in North America.

Graphical user interfaces and consoles

Computers can display information and let the user give commands to it using two methods: a command line interface (CLI) or a graphical user interface (GUI).

In a command line interface, the user types commands using the keyboard to tell the computer to take an action. For example, the more command available in most operating systems will display the contents of a file. Sometimes people call CLI “Console”, but consoles can be GUI, too.

In many graphical user interfaces, the user can use the computer mouse to click on buttons. For example, your web browser may have a Print icon to print this page. Some use a touch screen or other method.

Graphical user interfaces are generally thought more easy to use than command lines. Command lines are faster than graphical user interfaces and can be used to give special commands to the computer.

List of operating systems with graphical user interfaces and command-line interfaces:


Water deer

The water deer ("Hydropotes inermis") is an even-toed ungulate mammal of the deer family. It is the only member of the subfamily Hydropotinae. There are two subspecies: the Chinese water deer ("Hydropotes inermis inermis") and the Korean water deer ("Hydropotes inermis argyropus").

Water deer are small deer: they are about 90 cm long and about 50 cm high. They weigh about 13 kg. The water deer has yellowish-brown fur, with a white chin and throat. Both males and females do not have antlers. Males have long upper canine teeth (called tusks), which can be up to 5 cm long.

The water deer originally lived in China and Korea. Today there are also small wild populations in England and France. Water deer live close to water: in swamps and on the shores of rivers and lakes. 

Water deer eat grasses and reeds. They also eat grains and vegetables from fields.

Water deer live alone, but sometimes they form small groups. 

After a pregnancy of 200 days the female gives birth to 2-4 babies. A water deer baby has white dots and stripes on its fur, which disappear after 8 weeks. They drink milk for 3 months. When the young water deer are 6 months old they are independent and leave their mothers. They become mature when they are 1 year old.

Orchestration

Orchestration in music can have two meanings:


People who want to compose music for orchestras need to study orchestration. They can do this by reading books about orchestration, but also they can do this by studying orchestral scores and listening to orchestras in concerts or on CDs. Students at music colleges will also practise orchestration by taking piano music and arranging it for orchestra.

The word instrumentation means almost the same thing as “orchestration”. “Instrumentation” means: understanding each instrument and knowing about all the sounds they can make. It can be about any music with instruments, whereas “orchestration” refers to the orchestra from its beginnings in the 17th century to the present.

Orchestration is all about understanding how to write well for different instruments, how to combine them so that they sound well together and balance well.

Sometimes composers leave the orchestration of their works to other people. Leonard Bernstein is famous as the composer of "West Side Story", but although he composed all the notes he left it to other people to orchestrate. The composer Maurice Ravel took a piano piece called "Pictures at an Exhibition" by Modest Mussorgsky (who had died forty years earlier). He arranged it for orchestra. Most people know this version rather than Mussorgsky’s piano version.

Hector Berlioz and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov are two famous composers who were particularly brilliant at writing for orchestra. They both wrote books on orchestration which are still very useful today.

Blockbusters

Blockbusters was a game show that aired from 1980 to 1987.

One team of two people plays against a solo person to see if two heads are better than one. The team is represented by the color white while the solo player is represented by the color red. There is a game board with letters inside spaces shaped like a hexagon. A player picks a letter on the board, and host Bill Cullen asks a question to see how much the players know. Whoever rings in first and gets the answer right gets their color put on the board in the space where the corresponding letter once was. If the team makes a connection from left to right, they win. If the solo player makes a connection from top to bottom, he/she wins.

Whoever wins after two games goes on to play the "Gold Rush" for a shot at an extra $5,000. The board is the same, except that the spaces are colored gold, and sometimes more than one letter is seen in each space. The object of the game is to make a connection across the board within the 60 second time limit. If they do, they win the $5,000. If they miss a question, a block will go up and they will have to work their way around it.

"Blockbusters" aired on the NBC network and was hosted by Bill Cullen from 1980 to 1982. Then in 1987, comedian Bill Rafferty hosted a new version, which ended the same year. It featured two solo players instead of a team of two people and a solo player.

Theria

Theria is a subclass of mammals. It includes almost all living mammals: the ones that give birth to live young, and not by using a shelled egg.

The Theria are divided into two groups (infraclasses): Metatheria and Eutheria. The surviving Metatheria are the marsupials, and the Eutheria are the placental mammals. 

Ameridelphia

The Ameridelphia is a superorder of marsupial mammals only found in South America. It consists of two orders:


Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva

Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva (born 27 October 1945) is a Brazilian politician and former trade union leader who is the 39th and current President of Brazil since 2023. Previously, Lula was the 35th president from 2003 to 2011. He is a co-founder and member of the Workers' Party. He was a Federal Deputy for São Paulo from 1987 to 1991. He had run three times for president, until winning the presidency during his fourth campaign in 2002, when he was elected to replace Fernando Henrique Cardoso. He was re-elected in 2006 in a landslide victory.

In his first tenure as president, Lula created social programs including Bolsa Família and Fome Zero, which helped fight against poverty and the lower class citizens of Brazil. He also had an important role in international politics such as the nuclear program of Iran and climate change. He helped lower deforestation in the Amazons. His second term became controversial because of many scandals, such as the Mensalão scandal. However, after leaving office, he was seen as one of the most popular presidents in Brazil's history and most popular leader of the world. Lula is a popular figure in Brazilian politics and his ideas have been called Lulism.

In early 2016, Lula was appointed Chief of Staff under his successor Dilma Rousseff, but his appointment was blocked because of federal investigations against him at the time. In July 2017, Lula was convicted on charges of money laundering and corruption in a controversial trial, and sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. After an unsuccessful appeal, Lula was arrested in April 2018 and spent 580 days in jail. In 2021, his sentence was overturned by the Supreme Court of Brazil because his jail sentence was seen as politically motivated.

Lula ran for president again in 2018, however dropped out after being charged for bribery. In May 2021, Lula said he would run for a third term in the 2022 general election, against the incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro. In October 2022 in the run-off election, Lula would beat Bolsonaro, winning 50.9% of the vote.

Lula was born in Caetés, Pernambuco to Aristides Inácio da Silva and Eurídice Ferreira de Melo. He was raised Roman Catholic. Lula was raised in São Paulo. His family lived in poverty and his father died of alcoholism.

He did not learn to read until he was ten years old and quit school after the second grade to work and help his family.

He studied at to become a metalworker. He lost the little finger on his left hand at 19 in an accident, while working as a press operator. It was because of this injury, he became more active in the labor unions and labour rights movement.

Lula joined the labour movement when he worked at . He was elected in 1975, and reelected in 1978, as president of the Steel Workers' Union of São Bernardo do Campo and Diadema.

In the late 1970s, when Brazil was under military rule, Lula helped organize union activities, including major strikes. He was in jail for a month because under the military rule, his strikes were seen as illegal. Lula was awarded a lifetime pension after the fall of the military regime.

On 10 February 1980, Lula co-founded the "Partido dos Trabalhadores" (PT) or Workers' Party. That same year, he became National President of the Workers' Party and was in this role until 1988. In 1982, he added the nickname Lula to his legal name. In 1983, he helped found the (CUT) union association.

In 1987, he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies. During his time as a deputy, he helped write the country's post-military rule constitution. He also focused on agricultural land reform and for fixing the country's debt. He decided not to run for re-election in 1990. He became Workers' Party President again in 1990 and he left the role in 1994.

Lula first ran for President of Brazil in 1989 and lost the election to Fernando Collor de Mello. He ran for president again in 1994 and came in second place again, losing to Fernando Henrique Cardoso. He would lose to Henrique Cardoso again in 1998.

In 2002, Lula was elected President of Brazil, beating José Serra in a landslide victory. In 2006, he was re-elected in another landslide victory, beating Geraldo Alckmin.

Lula created a housing aid program to fix housing problems and help people in poverty have homes.

During Lula's first term, child hunger decreased by 46%. In May 2010, the UN World Food Programme (WFP) awarded Lula da Silva the title of "World Champion in the Fight against Hunger". Lula also fixed the country's economy by fixing its debt, and help make the economy strong enough for foreign banks to make investments and profits in Brazil again.

His second term as president, focused on environmental issues and created protection programs on indigenous lands and stopped deforestation in the Amazons. However, his second term was also controversial because of the Mensalão scandal, which said that Lula da Silva's party, the Workers' Party, had bribed Deputies to support and pass pro-Lula legislation.

When he left office, Lula da Silva was extremely popular, with many calling him Brazil's most popular president and the most popular politician in the world.

In 2017, Lula announced he would run as the Workers' Party candidate for president again in the 2018 election. His campaign was controversial and a target of attacks. In Paraná, a campaign bus was shot, and in Rio Grande do Sul, rocks were thrown at a Lula campaign bus. Despite this, he was seen as the front-runner to win the election.

While bribe charges against Lula were being held, the UN Human Rights Committee ruled on 17 August 2018 that it had requested the Brazilian government to allow Lula to be political and run for office. Despite this, Lula was charged and was forced to withdraw his campaign.

On July 12, 2017, the former president was convicted at first instance of corruption (more specifically, the crime of passive corruption which in Brazilian criminal law is defined by the receipt of a bribe by a civil servant or government official) and money laundering and sentenced to nine years and six months in prison by judge Sérgio Moro. This made him ineligible to run for president in the 2018 election, and he dropped out of the election.

In 2021, his sentence was overturned by the Supreme Court of Brazil and all charges were cleared and seen as politically motivated.

In May 2021, Lula said he would run for a third term in the October 2022 general election, against the incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro. He is seen as the front-runner to win the election and beat Bolsonaro. He was 17% ahead of Bolsonaro in a poll in January 2022. In April 2022, Lula announced former São Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin, who ran against him in the 2006 election, as his running mate.

On 2 October 2022, Lula advanced to the run-off election on 30 October against President Bolsonaro. Lula won 48.43% of the vote against Bolsonaro's 43.20%.

Lula was elected in the second round on 30 October, three days after his seventy-seventh birthday. He became the first president of Brazil elected to three terms and the first since Getúlio Vargas to serve in non-consecutive terms. He is also the first candidate to unseat an incumbent president.

Lula was sworn in on 1 January 2023. At aged 77, he is the oldest person to become president. Lula said that his main goals were to fix the country's economy, democracy and education systems; fight against poverty; and push for more environmental policies.

On 8 January 2023, supporters of Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília, taking over the offices of the Supreme Federal Court, National Congress of Brazil and the Palácio do Planalto.

Lula took a non-aligned stance on the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Lula repeatedly attacked NATO and the European Union as the cause of the war. In April 2023 Lula condemned Russia's violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity and said Russia should withdraw from Ukrainian territory. He also put blame on Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy, saying "This guy is as responsible as Putin for the war," during an interview in May 2022. Later in April 2023, he suggested that Ukraine should "give up Crimea" in exchange for peace, saying Zelenskyy "can not want everything".

In the first 4 months of 2023, Amazon deforestation rate has seen a significant decrease, being reported 40.4% lower in comparison to the same period of 2022. Lula also promised to recognize 14 new indigenous reserves. Six were recognized as of May 2023.

Lula did not support the Hamas attack on Israel that happened on 7 October 2023. On 11 October 2023, he called for a ceasefire in the war, saying, it was "urgently needed in defense of Israeli and Palestinian children". Lula urged Hamas to release kidnapped Israeli children and Israel to stop bombing the Gaza Strip and allow Palestinian children and their mothers to leave the war zone. On 25 October 2023, Lula said, "It's not a war, it's a genocide."

Lula was married to Maria de Lurdes Ribeiro from 1969 until her death in 1971. He was later married to Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva from 1974 until her death in 2017. In 2022, he married Rosângela da Silva. Lula has five children.

In 2011, Lula, who was a smoker for 40 years, was diagnosed with throat cancer. He underwent chemotherapy, leading to a successful recovery.


Paraná (state)

Paraná is a state in Southern Brazil. It is next to Paraguay and Argentina. Its capital is Curitiba. Paraná is a famous state because of Itaipu Dam and the Iguaçu Falls.

Paraná is bounded on the north by São Paulo, on the east by the Atlantic Ocean, on the south by Santa Catarina and the Misiones Province of Argentina, and on the west by Mato Grosso do Sul and the republic of Paraguay, with the Paraná River as its western boundary line.

Paraná is one of the Brazilian states that shows the most signs of recent European colonization. Most of the population are descendants of European settlers, and is one of the most ethnically diverse. Waves of European immigrants started arriving after 1850, mainly Germans, Italians, Poles and Ukrainians. The development of the state is closely linked to the arrival of the immigrants. Nowadays, migrants from other Brazilian states (especially from the São Paulo, Santa Catarina, Rio Grande do Sul and the Northeast Region) come to Paraná in search of a better life.

People of Polish descent predominate in the central and south regions, mainly around Curitiba. Italians predominate in the capital, Curitiba, and in the coast. People of Ukrainian descent predominate in a few cities, such as Prudentópolis; many Ukrainians are found throughout the state. Germans predominate in a few cities, such as Rolândia. Almost all towns have many Portuguese people and their descendants.

People of mixed-race ancestry predominate in a few towns in the north. There is an important Muslim Lebanese and Syrian community around Foz do Iguaçu. In the north, there are many Japanese people.

The main cities of the state are:


Dual Alliance

The Dual Alliance was an alliance made between Germany and Austria-Hungary. It was started to help one another if Russia attacked either of them. It was formed on October 7, 1879.

RCTV

Radio Caracas Television (or RCTV) is one of the largest and most important television stations in Venezuela. It can be seen in all of Venezuela on channel 2. It was the third television station to start up in Venezuela (Televisiora Nacional was the first and Televisa was the second). Both Televisora Nacional and Televisa are no longer on, so RCTV is now the oldest television station in Venezuela. Venevision is RCTV's main rival. RCTV's offices can be found in the center of Caracas.

Radio Caracas Television began on November 15, 1953 (during the dictatorship of General Marcos Perez Jimenez). In 1953, plays, news, and sports were pretty much the only thing seen on RCTV, but by 1954, they began making soap operas (also known as telenovelas). Telenovelas are now RCTV's most liked and seen programs.

In the 1960s, RCTV began videotaping their programs, as they used to be made live. In 1961, there was small fire at RCTV. On July 21, 1969, RCTV was on of the only television station in Venezuela that showed the first visit to the moon by man.

In 1972, RCTV began selling some of its shows to other countries and television stations. The three hundred chaptered telenovela, "La Usurpadora" was the first telenovela to be sold to other countries. Today, RCTV's shows are said to be seen in more than 60 countries and heard in more than 20 languages. In 1974, RCTV began recording some of their programs in color. "Doña Barbara", which was made from a book written by Romulo Gallegos, was RCTV's first show made in color. Radio Caracas Television started the "Fundacion Academia Nacional de Ciencias y Artes de Cine" on November 15, 1978.

In the year 1981, RCTV began recording all of their programs in color.

On November 15, 1999, RCTV had been on 16,000 days.

On July 18, 2005, Empresas 1BC president Marcel Granier and RCTV president Eladio Larez opened up the new building where RCTV's news show, "El Observador", will be made.

President Hugo Chávez closed RCTV because of reports that they tried to take down his government.



AIDS

Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or Acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) is a disease caused by a virus called HIV.

As of 2018, it is estimated that there are 39.7 million people worldwide infected with HIV. The HIV pandemic is most severe in Sub-Saharan Africa. Over 60% of all people with HIV live in the region.

Many people with HIV do not know they have it. Because of this, the exact number of people with HIV is unknown.

Scientists believe the first human who got HIV was a person in Africa in the early 1900s. It infected only a small amount of people (disease not recognised), until it then turned into an epidemic reported to have started in New York (USA) in 1981. It then very quickly started spreading to other countries. This happened when Simian Immunodeficiency Virus (SIV) went from apes or chimpanzees to humans. This virus probably crossed to humans when a hunter came into contact with monkey blood while cutting up monkeys to eat. Research in October 2014 shows that the virus started in Kinshasa during the 1920s. It was quickly spread by unprotected sex, dirty needles used by intravenous drug users, and it then made its way into the medical blood supply . Some people described the spread of the disease as a "sexidemic" (widespread).

Not everyone who has HIV has AIDS. When people first get HIV, they can be healthy for years. A person is diagnosed as having AIDS when he or she gets specific types of illnesses or gets sick in certain ways due to their HIV. Once a person's HIV progresses to (or turns into) AIDS, the person will continue to have AIDS for the rest of their life. While there are many treatments for HIV/AIDS, at this point there is no cure.

If someone has HIV they are called "HIV-positive".

Someone has AIDS if they have HIV and either:

If a person gets an "AIDS-defining illness," this is usually a sign that the person has AIDS. Healthy people do not get these illnesses, because a healthy immune system is strong enough to fight off these diseases. Because of this, getting an AIDS-defining illness is a sign that a person's immune system is seriously damaged. In a person with HIV, getting an AIDS-defining illness signals that the HIV has damaged the immune system badly enough that the person now has AIDS.

Some AIDS defining illnesses are:

HIV can be spread by some body fluids that have HIV in them:
This means a person can get HIV by:

HIV is NOT spread by:

There are medicines that help people with AIDS. These are called "antiretroviral" medicines (or "antiretrovirals".) Anti- means against. HIV is a retrovirus. So "antiretroviral" means it fights retroviruses.

Antiretrovirals cannot cure AIDS. This means they cannot make all of the virus leave a person's body. But they can make people with AIDS more healthy. Antiretrovirals help people fight the HIV virus. This makes their immune systems work better. So antiretrovirals are a "treatment" but not a "cure" for HIV.

People with HIV/AIDS who take antiretroviral medicines live longer. They live longer without getting "AIDS defining illnesses". But after a long time, the HIV virus learns how to fight the antiretrovirals. The HIV virus is not killed by this medicine. HIV becomes "resistant" to the medicine. Then the "resistant" HIV hurts the immune system and the person may get AIDS.

Sometimes when HIV is resistant to one medicine, another medicine can be used. To make less resistance happen, people with AIDS take more than one medicine at the same time. They may take 2–4 medicines at once. This is sometimes called a "cocktail" or "AIDS cocktail".

When HIV gets resistant to one medicine, this is changed to another medicine. So the "AIDS cocktail" that people with AIDS take changes over time. But after a long time, the HIV learns to be resistant to "many" drugs. This is called "multi-drug-resistant" (acronym MDR) HIV. After the HIV in a person has MDR-HIV there may be no more medicines to treat them. So scientists keep trying to find new medicines to fight HIV.
The five most important HIV medicines are:

Many people who die of AIDS, especially in Africa, leave behind children who are still alive, and may need help. These children are called AIDS orphans.

There are many ways people fight the "AIDS epidemic".

The most important way to stop HIV/AIDS is education. People can get HIV from the exchange of bodily fluids and from sharing needles. Children can also get HIV from their mothers (when they grow inside pregnant mothers and when they drink breast milk.)
Sex is one way to get HIV. If people use condoms when they have sex, there is a much smaller chance of catching HIV.

A person can also get HIV by "sharing needles". This means using a needle that has not been cleaned after someone else has used it. Some people who take illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine take these drugs by needle. Some of these people share needles. If one person has HIV and he shares his needles, he can give HIV to other people. But if people have clean needles or if they know how to clean needles, they do not get HIV as much.

Many people do not know that condoms and clean needles help stop HIV. They may not even "know" that sharing needles and sex with someone who has HIV can make them get HIV. Even if people know about condoms and clean needles, they may not "have" condoms and clean needles.

There are some people who do not want people to "know" about condoms or clean needles. They believe that if people know about condoms and have condoms they will have more sex. They believe that if people have clean needles they will use illegal drugs more. Many of these people think this because of their religion. For example, the Catholic church does not want people to have or use condoms. They do not want people to have condoms because they do not think people should have sex unless they are married. They also think that married people should not use condoms, because they believe that if people have sex, they should be prepared to accept a possible pregnancy.

Scientists who study (look at and learn about) people who use condoms, see that if teenagers (children 13–19) learn about condoms (and other birth control) they have "less" unsafe sex. Scientists see that learning about these things does not make teenagers start having sex earlier. The teenagers also have "safer" sex. Safer sex means doing things (like wearing condoms) to try not to get pregnant or get sexually transmitted diseases (STDs or STIs) like HIV, gonorrhea, and syphilis. Using a condom works very well for keeping people from getting pregnant or getting STDs if people know how to use a condom the right way. 

Scientists have also learned that if a city has a needle exchange program it will have fewer people who use illegal drugs. "Needle exchange programs" are where people can come in and trade dirty needles for clean needles. This means that "if" they use drugs they will be more safe. But needle exchange programs do more than give people clean needles. They teach people about drugs. If people want to stop using drugs, they help them.

The best way to stop HIV is thought to be a vaccine. There is no vaccine for HIV yet. Many scientists are looking for an HIV vaccine. Even one that protected some people from HIV would save millions of people's lives.

Some people think that HIV is not the cause of AIDS. They dispute the connection between HIV and AIDS, the existence of HIV itself, or the validity of HIV testing and treatment methods. These claims, known as "AIDS denialism", are rejected by the scientific community. However, they have had a significant impact, particularly in South Africa. There the government's official embrace of AIDS denialism (1999–2005) was responsible for its weak response to that country's AIDS epidemic. It has been blamed for hundreds of thousands of avoidable deaths and HIV infections.

Some conspiracy theories have been put about. Operation INFEKTION was a worldwide Soviet active measures operation to spread the claim that the United States had created HIV/AIDS. Surveys show that a significant number of people believed – and continue to believe – in such claims.



Gibibyte

A gibibyte (GiB) is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices. One gibibyte holds 1024 mebibytes (MiB). Some people call this number of bytes a gigabyte. This would be considered the binary equivalent to the base-10 gigabyte, which consists of exactly one billion bytes.

A gibibyte is equivalent to 2 bytes (1,073,741,824 bytes) while a gigabyte is 10 bytes (1,000,000,000 or a billion bytes)

1024 gibibytes make one tebibyte.


Return to Castle Wolfenstein

Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a first person shooter computer game made by id Software and published by Activision for computers as well as PlayStation 2 and Xbox game consoles.


Ssirum

Ssirûm, or Korean wrestling, is a very old sport. It is shown in pictures that are painted on walls in the ancient graves in Korea. 

This kind of wrestling was formed in Korea. It took place on days of "public enjoyment" that were created by custom. Similar to Sumo. the man who stays on his feet until the end was the winner. He was given the title "changsa" ("the athlete" or "the strong man"). He was also given an ox. 

As Korea grew industrially, this type of wrestling has become a real sport. It has support in the form of the teams of professional athletes coming from colleges and universities. There are also organizations for the national Championship Ssirum Changsa. There are competitions in the country. 

Two fighters fight on the sand inside a circle. They each put on "satpa" - a piece of cloth that ties around the waist and thighs. Using their hands, legs backs, they try to make the other person fall. 

Most wrestlers are in height and in weight. The fights can seem slow at first they are actually very dynamic. 

Li Man-ki is one of the most well known sportsmen in this sport. In the 1980s, he won the title "changsa" ("jangsa") many times. He has caused much of the interest of this sport. 

Queensland

Queensland is a state in eastern Australia. It is the second largest state by area and the third largest state by population. In 2006 there were 3,904,532 people living in Queensland.
It occupies the north-east corner of Australia. The state has the Northern Territory to the west, South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south. To the east, Queensland is bordered by the Coral Sea and Pacific Ocean. The capital city is Brisbane.

The area was first settled by Indigenous Australians and Torres Strait Islanders, who arrived between 40,000 and 65,000 years ago. Later, Queensland was made a British Crown Colony that was separated from New South Wales in 1859. The area that currently forms Brisbane was originally the Moreton Bay punishment colony, intended as a place for criminals with a repeated offence history who had offended while serving out their sentences in New South Wales. The state later encouraged free settlement, and today Queensland's economy is dominated by the agricultural, tourist and natural resource sectors.

The population is concentrated in the south-east corner, which includes the capital Brisbane, Ipswich, Logan City, and the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast. Other major regional centres are in North Queensland and they are Cairns, Townsville, Mackay, Rockhampton, Bundaberg, Toowoomba, and Mount Isa. Queensland is often nicknamed the Sunshine State, since it enjoys warm weather and a sizable portion of the state is in the tropics.



Babes in Toyland (1961 movie)

Babes in Toyland is an 1961 Disney musical movie. It starred Tommy Sands as Tom Piper and Annette Funicello as Mary Contrary. The characters in the movie are taken from Mother Goose nursery rhymes.

Tom the Piper's Son is about to marry Mary Quite Contrary. On the night before of their wedding, evil Barnaby hires two men, Gonzorgo and Roderigo, to drown Tom and take Mary's sheep. The sheep are being taken care of by Little Bo Peep. This will make life very hard for Mary and the children she lives with. It will make her have to marry Barnaby.

Tom and the sheep are taken by Gonzorgo and Roderigo, but they sell Tom to gypsies instead of killing him. Tom escapes from the gypsies and goes with Mary, Bo-Peep, and other Mother Goose characters to Toyland.

Airship

An Airship is kind of lighter-than-air aircraft. It floats in the sky and need not move to stay up. That is because it is filled with a lifting gas that is more lightweight than air. This is different from aeroplanes that stay up in the sky by moving. An airship floats like a balloon. But an airship is different from a balloon. An airship has an engine for power and a way to control its direction of movement. A balloon does not have an engine or a way to control its direction of movement.

There are three kinds of airships. The difference is the amount of structure in the airship.




Blimps were used by the United States in WWII to fight against submarines. Blimps are now used mostly for advertising and sometimes for looking down, for example at sport stadiums and tourist attractions.

The most famous airship was the "Hindenburg". The "Hindenburg" was a rigid airship made by the Zeppelin airship company. It burned when it was landing on May 6, 1937. There were 97 people on the airship when the fire started. The fire killed 35 of these people and one person on the ground. 

New Amsterdam

New Amsterdam is the name the Dutch gave to the island of Manhattan after buying it from local Natives. It was the capital of New Netherland. In 1664 an English fleet arrived and took control. The English renamed it New York.

Universal suffrage

Universal suffrage means that every citizen above the age of 18 is allowed to vote. Most countries have universal suffrage, but some do not. In some countries people had to fight to get it. In other countries, it was granted after demonstrations in the main cities. They thought it was important to have it because they wanted to choose who ruled over them. 


Bruce Dickinson

Bruce Dickinson (born 7 August 1958) is an English heavy metal singer. He is the singer in the band Iron Maiden. 

Dickinson was born on 7 August 1958 in Worksop, Nottinghamshire. He was born as Paul Dickinson, but changed his first name to Bruce. As a teenager, he lived in Sheffield. This was where he started to listen to heavy metal music. He sang in local bands during this time, after trying to play the drums.

In the early 1980s, Dickinson was part of the band Samson. He left Samson in 1981. Later that year, after Paul Di'Anno left Iron Maiden, Dickinson was chosen to be the band's new singer. During the 1980s, Iron Maiden was very popular, and Dickinson's singing was a big part of this.

In 1990, Dickinson made his first solo album, called "Tattooed Millionaire". In 1993, he left Iron Maiden to become only a solo artist. He released five solo albums during the 1990s, but they were not as popular as his work with Iron Maiden had been.

In 1999, Dickinson joined Iron Maiden again, and soon after the band made a new album, Brave New World. Since then, he has stayed as a part of Iron Maiden as well as recording music both by himself and with other people.

Outside of music, Dickinson is interested in fencing, has written both books and a script based on one of his albums for a screenplay, and has worked in the radio industry.

He is also a pilot for Astraeus Airlines, and became marketing director for the airline in September 2010.

Streaming Soundtracks

Streaming Soundtracks is a radio station that is found on the internet. It plays mostly theme music from movies and television shows, but also plays music from video games. It has a website to talk with other listeners.


Étude

An étude (said "ay-TOOD"; French for study) is a short piece of music written to help the player to become a better player. They are usually quite difficult. Sometimes they are just called "studies". Composers such as the pianist Carl Czerny and the violinist Otakar Ševčik wrote lots of études. Each one concentrates on a technical problem: fast scale passages, arpeggios, wide leaps, chords or, for string players, different ways of bowing.

The tradition of writing études started in the early 19th century, when the piano started to become popular. Many of the études from that time are still very popular today, including those by Muzio Clementi.

Frédéric Chopin wrote two sets of études for piano. Franz Liszt also wrote some very difficult études, including the piece known as "La Campanella". These two composers' études are known for being not only good for developing piano technique but are also beautiful to hear. Because of this, they are often performed in concerts and recorded onto CDs.

Nocturne

A nocturne is a piece of music, usually for piano, which suggests the night (“nocturnal” means “of the night”). The Irish composer John Field was the first person to make nocturnes popular. He was inspired by the slow, gentle tunes of Italian operas of his time (early 19th century). His nocturnes are mostly tunes with many long notes in the right hand over.


Delta Air Lines

Delta Air Lines, Inc. is a large airline from the United States. They are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. Their largest hub is also in Atlanta. Delta's first flight was in 1929. In 1972, Delta merged with Northeast Airlines. In 1987, Delta merged with Western Airlines. In 2009, they merged with Northwest Airlines. Until 2013, Delta was the world's largest airline. As of February 2024, the airline goes to 325 cities and has 978 planes. In 2017, they retired their largest aircraft, the Boeing 747, and replaced it with other planes such as the Airbus A350.


Vytorin

Vytorin is a clinical drug made up of chemicals called ezetimibe (right image) and simvastatin (Left image) to help people with diseases that change the amount of fats in the blood.


Blade Runner

Blade Runner is a 1982 American-Hong Kong dystopian science fiction movie directed by Ridley Scott and written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples. It was based on the book Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. "Blade Runner's" main actors are Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos and Daryl Hannah.

The movie takes place in humid rainy climate changed Los Angeles in November 2019 when artificial human adults called "replicants" come to Earth. As replicants are not allowed on Earth anymore after some of them had attacked humans, police officers called "Blade Runners" hunt down and kill them on Earth. Rick Deckard is forced to hunt down some replicants in Los Angeles.

Some movie critics did not like "Blade Runner" because they thought it was slow, but others liked its many ideas. The movie did not sell many tickets in North American movie theaters but was more popular in other countries. Even though it did not make much money, it was liked very much by teachers and science fiction fans. "Blade Runner" looked good and made the future look very dark and old. The movie showed important ideas of the 21st century such as globalization and genetic engineering. "Blade Runner" is an important example of cyberpunk and people believe it has changed the world and affected many cultures. "Blade Runner" made Hollywood interested in stories written by Philip K. Dick.

Seven versions of "Blade Runner" exist because of changes made by different people. The producers took Scott's cut and changed some things about it, which Scott did not like. In 1992, Scott released a Director's Cut version, which was made very fast. It cut the ending of the movie and removed the voice-over. Warner Bros. released the Final Cut, a new 25th anniversary version of the movie, in October 2007. It features some new scenes and removes some of the visible special effects.


Ridley Scott

Sir Ridley Scott (born 30 November 1937) is an English movie director and producer. The movies he has directed and produced include:


He also directed an important and expensive television commercial for Apple Computer called "1984".

Motörhead

Motörhead were an English rock band. The band was started in 1975 by bassist, singer and songwriter Ian Fraser “Lemmy” Kilmister"." They are thought to be one of the bands that started the new wave of British heavy metal in the late 1970s. The word motorhead is a name for someone who likes cars, but in British slang it’s a name for a meth addict/speed freak.

Motörhead played heavy metal music very fast. This was different from how other bands played it at the time. Many listeners call them the first speed metal or thrash metal band. Motörhead are a main influence on other bands that play those styles. Lemmy did not like his band being called anything other than just a rock and roll band. Fans of punk music and metal music liked Motörhead. Their songs have words about war, drug abuse, and sex. They also sing about gambling in their most popular song, "Ace of Spades".

Motörhead are famous to fans of professional wrestling for making wrestler Triple H's theme song. He started using Motörhead's music in 2000. The song is called "The Game". The band has played the song live at two WrestleMania events.

Motörhead was listed at number 26 on VH1's ""The 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock"" TV show.

The band broke up in 2015 when Lemmy died of cancer on December 28, only four days after his 70th birthday.

The band was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2020.


Celebrity (disambiguation)

Celebrity can mean:


Celebrity

A celebrity is a person who is well known and gets lots of public attention, or attention from other people. A person whom the public knows such as a person in government might be well known but not a celebrity unless something else makes them interesting to other people. Usually, a person becomes a celebrity from entertainment such as someone who is in movies, someone who sings or raps songs, or someone who plays a sport.

Some celebrities are not famous because of something they have done. They are famous most often because of which family they are a member of and/or how they are talked about by the media. These people are often called "famous for being famous".

People who act in movies and television actors, people who sing/rap are usually celebrities. High-ranking politicians, people who tell people the news, television show hosts, people who go to outer space, major-league athletes, comedians and people who sing songs are also sometimes celebrities. Sometimes people such as Mother Teresa have achieved fame because they help people who were in need and are saintly.

Music is one of the most common ways that someone will be famous. Many musicians, singers, songwriters and rappers become celebrities because their music and songs are listened to by a large amount of people. 

Another common way that artists will become famous is through winning or participating in competitions such as "The X Factor" (One Direction and Little Mix) and the Eurovision Song Contest (ABBA and Céline Dion).

In addition, many bands become famous. Some famous bands include Take That and the Spice Girls Sometimes, when bands split up, many of its members decide to continue singing as solo artists. For example, Robbie Williams, Gary Barlow and Harry Styles all had very successful solo careers.

It isn't just artists in the music industry who become famous. Some music managers an producers such as Simon Cowell are also famous.

Many actors who appear in popular films and film series tend to become very popular. For example, Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson ("Harry Potter"), Jennifer Lawrence ("The Hunger Games"), Johnny Depp ("Pirates of the Caribbean"),Robert Downey Jr ("Marvel Cinematic Universe").

Also, actors who have recurring roles in television series become well-known due to appearing on TV for a long period of time. Sofía Vergara, Jenna Ortega and Millie Bobby Brown are all known for their TV show work.

Some actors aren't just known for their work on screen, but also for working in theatre, such as Benedict Cumberbatch.

Many actors also pursue careers in singing, such as Ariana Grande and Miley Cyrus. 

Because sports are among the most watched events in the world, many people who participate or are very skilled manage to gather a lot of fans.

Football is one of the most popular sports so many footballers such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappé are very famous, even among those who do not watch sports.

A "television personality" is a person who is well known for being on television. These people are often hosts or guests on television programs such as talk shows or discussion programs. These people can be experts on a subject, comedians adding a comedic point of view to the subject or anyone else the producers of the program think would make the program better or more entertaining for the audience.

These people often have some level of celebrity status because of their main profession but some are just famous because they were on television.

In addition, a "media personality" is a person who may have appeared in film, television, entertainment and is talked about a lot by the media.

High-ranking politicians are also very famous, especially if they are leaders of very influential territories. Examples of politicians who could be considered celebrities are Donald Trump and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Also, many comedians are well-liked because of their ability to make people laugh. In more recent years, people on social media who are very popular have become celebrities, such as Charli D'Amelio. People who are famous because of social media are often called "influencers".

Individuals can achieve celebrity, but there are also many celebrity families, such as various royal families (often interest in these will be highest when scandal is involved, as with the House of Windsor) and artistic 'dynasties' e.g. the Barrymore, Cassidy (David and Shaun Cassidy), the Rockefellers, the Osmonds, Osbournes, the Kardashians (Kim Kardashian), Jackson, the Trump (Donald Trump, Fred Trump) and Baldwin families. Celebrity families can also include political families such as the Kennedys, the Roosevelts, and the Reagans.

Because celebrities have fame similar to that of royalty or gods in the past, some people are curious about their private lives and dislike celebrities for their rewards. Many think that celebrities do not work as hard as non-celebrities and that celebrities do not deserve to be treated specially. Since their failures are made public celebrities can be seen as having lower moral values than most people. Not all celebrities exhibit bad behavior and sometimes they do things that are good and help people.

A recent phenomenon has occurred wherein intricate marketing plans are developed in order to lure adolescents into purchasing celebrity-related goods. Some have argued that the idea of celebrity is self-reinforcing and becoming empty: some celebrities are not famous for their actions, but simply famous for their fame and money. For example, Paris Hilton would not be a public figure without her money, but her family's importance has created and helps her be well known and a celebrity. Hilton is a special celebrity; a part of her fame is for doing bad things other celebrities do. People call people like Paris "famous for being famous." Some believe she is doing it on purpose, but in many ways, people like Hilton and other 21st century celebrities are just doing what other celebrities did before.

Celebrities don’t have a private life due to being in celebrity gossip magazines and celebrity gossip websites like TMZ. Celebrities are usually followed by the paparazzi in Los Angeles, California every day. Some celebrities take drugs and have mental breakdowns because of this. Some celebrities attract stalkers who may want to kill them, get to know them personally, marry them or have sex with them.

Epinephrine

Epinephrine, also known as adrenaline, is a hormone and a medication. The names "adrenaline" and "epinephrine" come from the Latin words "ad"-+"renes" and the Greek words "epi"-+"nephros." Both mean "into or onto the kidney" (adrenaline is made in the adrenal glands, which sit on top of the kidneys). In medical jargon, epinephrine is shortened to just "epi" (pronounced eh-pee).

The hormone was first isolated and purified in 1901 by Japanese chemist Jokichi Takamine. It was patented in the United States with the name "adrenaline."

Epinephrine is one of two chemical messengers that control the sympathetic nervous system and cause the "fight or flight" response. Epinephrine makes the "fight or flight" response kick in, and causes changes in every part of the body. For example, it:

Because epinephrine causes so many changes in the body, it can cause changes that make a person feel bad. Sometimes, it can cause changes that could be dangerous. These are called adverse effects. They include:

Epinephrine is used to treat a few different medical problems.

Epinephrine can restart a person's heart when they are in cardiac arrest (their heart has stopped beating). It can make the heart start pumping blood to the rest of the body again.

Epinephrine is the best medicine to treat anaphylaxis, which is a very bad allergic reaction. During anaphylaxis, the bronchi (which bring air to the lungs) get narrower and narrower until the person cannot breathe. Epinephrine makes the bronchi get wider so air can get into the lungs and the person can breathe again. It also treats some of the other symptoms of anaphylaxis.

People with allergies can get a doctor's prescription for an epinephrine "auto-injector." Anyone can learn to use an auto-injector. If a person starts having anaphylaxis, they just press the auto-injector to the outside of their thigh, and the device will automatically inject the right dose of epinephrine into the person's thigh.

Epinephrine can be given for asthma attacks, if regular asthma medications like albuterol do not work. The epinephrine will relax the muscles around the lungs and widen the bronchi, making it easier to breathe.

Croup is a disease that mostly happens in children, and is caused by a virus. It can cause swelling in the throat, which can make it hard to breathe. Epinephrine can help bring this swelling down, which makes it easier for the child to breathe. Epinephrine works best for croup if it is breathed in, so it is made into a special mist that can be inhaled.



February Revolution

The February Revolution of 1917 was a revolution that ended the monarchy in the Russian Empire. A provisional government replaced the Tsar, Nicholas II. This was the beginning of the Russian Revolution. The February Revolution was caused by problems of World War I. These included economic and other hardships.

Industrialization had already spread from Petrograd (now Saint Petersburg) and other cities. When Russia lost the Crimean War to England and France in 1856, it was obvious that Russia needed economic and social change to keep up with other countries. Large reforms followed, including the abolition of serfdom in 1861, judicial reform in 1864, and the establishment of national government groups, called Semstwos, in 1864. This was designed to encourage industrial growth.

Russia had an economic crisis during the Crimean War. The country did not have enough new weapons or new machines. After the war, the Tsar, Russia's emperor, tried to change this. He increased Russia's ability to make things in factories. This cost the Russian people a lot of money.

Most of the economic, social, and cultural change was in cities. To get ready to develop more modern industry, new laws were made to increase the power of regional leaders. Cultural modernization included development of new styles in literature and art. A new group of people who focused on art and literature sought further reforms.

The Russian national economy was still mostly based on farming and most people were peasants. Because the number of people grew faster than the ability to grow food, there were serious food shortages. Agrarian social protest was usually spontaneous but did not last long. The farmers always went back to their farms. This happened in the hot autumn of the year 1905, and again in the late summer of 1917. Rural areas remained calm after World War I began in 1914. Because most of the soldiers came from villages, few people were left to fight against the authorities.

The war brought Russia more than a million dead. The war had begun, as in all European states, with high national morale. However, defeat in the Gorlice–Tarnów Offensive in 1915 led to other defeats. The legitimacy of the autocratic Romanovs was weakened further by the fact that Nicholas II had personally taken command of the armed forces. Each further retreat and defeat damaged the reputation of the regime. The workers and farmers, like other Russians, were unhappy. They no longer supported the Tsar. In September 1915, the Tsar sent the parliament home. Tensions increased and endangered the internal peace of the realm.

Nicholas II did not get along well with the elected Duma. Nicholas II ignored the advice of his former Minister of Finance Sergei Juljewitsch Witte, who recommended comprehensive reforms. The frequent defeats combined with food shortages and the catastrophic supply situation to cause the revolution. The increasing anger of the population showed up in the Duma, which was dominated by representatives of the middle class and the aristocracy. In the Duma of 1915, the progressive block was the strongest parliamentary opposition.

In February 1917, army units stopped fighting revolutionaries in the capital and joined them instead. They took control of the capital and prevented the Tsar from returning. He eventually agreed to give up the throne.


Flag of Russia

The flag of Russia is a horizontal tricolor of three colors - white on the top, blue in the middle, and red on the bottom. These Slavic tricolors are also used in flags of other Slavic nations (e.g. Serbia, Slovenia, Croatia, Slovakia and the Czech Republic).

When Tsar Peter I traveled in the year 1699 to the Netherlands, in order to get more shipbuilding experience, he recognized the necessity that Russia needed its own flag for its navy.

The new Russian flag should follow the model of the flag of the Netherlands (at that time three horizontal strips orange-white-blue in addition, red-white-blue after 1630), but use colors from Russia. Peter I selected the colors from the coat of arms of the Principality of Moscow: On red background a white knight on a white horse rides, wrapped into a blue coat and blue sign carrying. Later the three colors were interpreted also than symbol for the three state-carrying ostslawischen peoples in the Russian Zarenreich: White for the “white Russians”, blue for the “small Russians” and red for the “large Russians”.

This flag was first allowed to be used on 7 May 1883. When the Bolsheviks 1917 seized power, they changed the national flag. On 22 August 1991 the white-blue-red Tricolor was determined again to the Russian national flag.

Peter I gave also another flag to the country: the so-called imperial flag of Russia. It consists of a blue St Andrews cross on a white background. This flag was used alternatively with the Trikolore. The flag is still used as the flag of the Russian navy.

On 15 April 1996 the Russian president Boris Yeltsin signed an explanation that the victory flag is equivalent to the Russian flag.

The "victory flag" is a variant of the flag, which was introduced on May 1, 1945. The difference to the flag of the Soviet Union is that the star is somewhat larger and "hammer and Sichel" are not used.

Neckar

The Neckar (Swabian: "Negger") is a 367 km long river in the South-West of Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg. Rising in the Black Forest, it flows through a steep valley in the Odenwald hills and passes through the cities of Tübingen (University), Nürtingen, Esslingen, Stuttgart (capitol of Baden-Württemberg, and Heidelberg (University). In Mannheim the Neckar joins the river Rhine.


Anaphylaxis

Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction. It begins suddenly. It may cause death. Anaphylaxis has many symptoms (signs of being sick), such as an itchy rash, throat swelling, breathing problems, and low blood pressure. Common causes include insect bites, foods, and medications.

Anaphylaxis happens when a person eats, breathes in, or is injected with an allergen (something they are allergic to). Their immune system over-reacts. It sends out special proteins from inside certain white blood cells. These proteins can start an allergic reaction or make the reaction worse.

Anaphylaxis is diagnosed (found to be sick with something) from a person’s signs and symptoms. The best treatment is an injection (a shot) of epinephrine (adrenaline). Sometimes doctors give other medicines along with epinephrine.

Worldwide, about 0.05–2% of people have anaphylaxis at some point in their lives. Anaphylaxis appears to be getting more common. Half of the people who die of anaphylaxis have had no anaphylactic reaction before.

Cases of anaphylaxis have been reported since ancient times.

The condition was originally named "aphylaxis" by Charles Richet in 1902. In 1913, Richet was awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine and Physiology for his work on anaphylaxis.

Later, the name was changed to "anaphylaxis" because it sounded nicer. The word "anaphylaxis" comes from the Greek words ἀνά (ana), "against", and φύλαξις (phyla's), "protection."

Anaphylaxis can cause many different signs and symptoms over minutes or hours. If the anaphylaxis is caused by something that entered the body directly through the bloodstream symptoms appear within an average of 5 to 30 minutes. If it is caused by a food the person ate symptoms appear within an average of 2 hours.

The most common body systems affected by anaphylaxis include:

People with anaphylaxis usually have problems with two or more of these body systems.

Skin symptoms usually include:
In 20% of cases, the tongue or throat may swell up, which can cause breathing problems. If a person is having breathing problems, the skin may turn blue because the body is not getting enough oxygen. This is called cyanosis.

Respiratory signs and symptoms include: 

When a person has anaphylaxis, some of the cells in the heart may release histamine. Histamine is a chemical made by the body. It can cause the heart’s blood vessels to get narrower suddenly (this is called "coronary artery spasm"). If the heart's blood vessels get too narrow, the heart cannot get enough blood. This can cause many serious problems:

Anaphylaxis can also cause low blood pressure. This may be caused by distributive shock, where the body's blood vessels get much wider because of the chemicals released by the immune system. It can also be caused by cardiogenic shock, where the heart is not getting enough blood to pump out to the rest of the body.

Low blood pressure can cause many problems, including:

In rare cases, very low blood pressure may be the only sign of anaphylaxis.

People who already have heart disease are at greater risk of having heart problems from anaphylaxis.

Anaphylaxis can also cause problems with other body systems:

Anaphylaxis can be caused by the body’s response to almost any foreign substance (anything that is outside the body). Common causes include venom from insect bites or stings; foods; and medications. In children and young adults, foods are the most common trigger (or cause) of anaphylaxis. In older adults, medications and insect bites or stings are more common triggers.

Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis, even when the food is eaten for the first time. In the Western world, the most common causes are eating or touching peanuts, wheat, tree nuts, shellfish, milk, and eggs. In the Middle East, sesame is a common trigger food. In Asia, rice and chickpeas often cause anaphylaxis.

Severe cases of anaphylaxis usually happen when a person eats the trigger food. However, some people have severe anaphylaxis when the trigger food touches some part of their body.

Children can outgrow their allergies. For example, by age 16:

Any medication may cause anaphylaxis. The most common are β-lactam antibiotics (such as penicillin), then aspirin and NSAIDs.

Venom from stinging or biting insects, like bees and wasps (Hymenoptera) or kissing bugs (Triatominae), may cause anaphylaxis. If a person has a bad allergic reaction to venom once, they have a greater risk of having anaphylaxis if they are stung or bitten again. 

Certain diseases, called atopic diseases, can make a person more likely to have allergies. Atopic diseases include asthma, eczema, and allergic rhinitis. People with these diseases have a high risk of anaphylaxis from food, latex, and radiocontrast agents. However, these people do not have a higher risk from injected medications or stings. One study of children with anaphylaxis found that 60% had a history of previous atopic diseases. More than 90% of children who die from anaphylaxis have asthma. The risk of having another anaphylactic reaction decreases as a person avoids the trigger for longer and longer.

Anaphylaxis usually happens because the immune system over-reacts to an allergen. The immune system releases mast cells and basophils, which are types of white blood cells. The immune system sees the trigger as something bad and sends out white blood cells to kill it. The mast cells and basophils attach to the allergen to try to kill it. However, because the system is over-reacting, the mast cells and basophils explode and dump out chemicals that cause inflammation, like histamine. Histamine causes many of the symptoms of anaphylaxis. For example:

Anaphylaxis is diagnosed based on signs, symptoms, and knowing that a person has been exposed to an allergen. It is very likely that a person has anaphylaxis if any of these three things happen within minutes or hours after they were exposed to an allergen:

If a person has a bad reaction to an insect sting or a medication, blood tests for tryptase or histamine might be useful in diagnosing anaphylaxis. However, these tests are not very useful if the cause is food, or if the person has a normal blood pressure. Also, these tests cannot say for sure that a person does not have anaphylaxis.

Allergy testing may help to identify what caused a person’s anaphylaxis. Skin allergy tests (such as patch tests) can be done for certain foods and venoms. Skin tests can diagnose an allergy to penicillin, but there are no skin tests for other medications. Blood tests can diagnose milk, egg, peanut, tree nut and fish allergies.

Sometimes it is difficult to tell the difference between anaphylaxis; asthma; fainting caused by not having enough oxygen; and panic attacks. However, there are some important differences between these conditions:

The best way to prevent anaphylaxis is to avoid the trigger that caused anaphylaxis in the past. When this is not possible, there may be treatments to make the body stop reacting to the trigger. This is called desensitization. For example, treatment of the immune system (immunotherapy) with Hymenoptera venoms is able to make 80–90% of adults and 98% of children stop having allergic reactions to bees, wasps, hornets, yellow jackets, and fire ants. Most people who are allergic to certain medicines can just avoid those medicines. However, desensitization is possible for many medications (for example, many chemotherapies) if the person has to take those medicines.

People with latex allergies may have to avoid "cross-reactive foods." These are foods that have ingredients that are similar to latex. Examples of these foods include avocados, bananas, and potatoes.

Anaphylaxis is a medical emergency that may require emergency medical treatment. Some patients need help keeping their airways open so they can breathe. Other patients need to be given extra oxygen or large amounts of intravenous fluids (fluids given through a needle into a vein).

Epinephrine is the best treatment for anaphylaxis. Doctors often give antihistamines (which destroy histamine) and steroids along with epinephrine. Once a person has returned to normal, they should be watched in the hospital for 2 to 24 hours to make sure their symptoms do not return.
Epinephrine is the best and first treatment used for anaphylaxis. It reverses many of the symptoms of anaphylaxis. It makes the bronchi (the passages to the lungs) get wider. It makes the blood vessels go back to their normal size and it raises blood pressure.

Epinephrine comes in an "auto-injector," usually called an "EpiPen." Once its safety cap is taken off, the EpiPen just has to be pressed into the thigh, and the right amount of epinephrine will automatically be injected into the person's body. Doctors can prescribe EpiPens to people who know they have allergies, so they can treat themselves for anaphylaxis. Many ambulances also carry EpiPens to treat anaphylaxis. The EpiPen is meant to be injected into the thigh muscle, on the outside of the leg, as soon as anaphylaxis is suspected. There is no reason why it should not be used if a person is having an anaphylactic reaction. The injection may be repeated every 5 to 15 minutes if the person is still having breathing problems or other major symptoms. A second dose is needed in 16 to 35% of cases. More than two doses are rarely needed.

Epinephrine can cause minor side effects, including tremors, anxiety, headaches, and palpitations.

Epinephrine may not work in people who are taking β-blockers. In these people, if epinephrine does not work, doctors can give intravenous glucagon.

People who are at risk for anaphylaxis are advised to have an "allergy action plan." These plans often include:

If anaphylaxis is diagnosed and the person is treated quickly, there is a good chance that they will recover. Even if nobody knows what caused the anaphylaxis, the person usually makes a good recovery as long as they get medication to stop the reaction.

When people die from anaphylaxis, they usually die from respiratory (breathing) problems, usually the airway closing up, or cardiovascular problems, like shock. About 0.7% to 20% of people with anaphylaxis die from it. Some people die within minutes.

Very rarely, people have exercise-induced anaphylaxis - anaphylaxis that is caused by exercise. These people usually do well. They usually have fewer anaphylactic episodes, which are less severe, as they get older.

Radolfzell

Radolfzell at the Bodensee is northwest a city on the west bank of Bodensee of about 18 km from Konstanz. It is after Konstanz and Singen (Hohentwiel) the third biggest city of the district Konstanz. Since 1 January 1975 Radolfzell is large district town.

Following cities and municipalities border on the city Radolfzell at the Bodensee. They are called in the clockwise direction beginning in the southwest: Moos (at the Bodensee), Singen (Hohentwiel), Steißlingen, Orsingen, Nenzingen(all district Konstanz).

Nenzingen

Nenzingen is a city in the district Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg.

Nowerdays Nenzigen has got an population of 3.126 inhabitants ()

On 21 April 839 Nenzingen was mentioned for the first time as "Nancingas" in a document of the monastery "Reichenau". 

The place belonged to the county of "Nellenburg" and came to Austria when the last counts of Nellenburgdied in 1423.

Hypertension

Hypertension or high blood pressure is a chronic medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is higher than it should be. This involves the heart working harder than normal to circulate blood through the blood vessels.

The pressure in the arteries changes depending on what the heart is doing. When the heart squeezes, pumping blood into the arteries, the pressure increases. When the heart relaxes, the pressure decreases. When blood pressure is measured, the highest pressure (when the heart is squeezing) is called the systolic blood pressure. The lowest pressure (when the heart is relaxing) is called the diastolic blood pressure.

Blood pressure is written as two numbers. For example, in the picture at the right, the person's systolic blood pressure was 158. Their diastolic blood pressure was 99. This blood pressure is written as 158/99. It is said "158 over 99."

There are two types of hypertension, called “primary” and “secondary.” Primary hypertension means that the hypertension is not caused by any other disease or condition and it gradually develops over time with age. Secondary hypertension means that the hypertension is caused by another disease or conditions. Secondary hypertension tend to result in higher blood pressure than primary hypertension. In most cases (90-95%), hypertension is primary. Only a small amount of hypertension (5-10%) is secondary.

There are various health conditions that leads to secondary hypertension which includes: Obstructive sleep apnea, Kidney problems, Adrenal gland tumors, Thyroid problems, Certain defects you're born with (congenital) in blood vessels, Certain medications (birth control pills, cold remedies, decongestants, over-the-counter pain relievers and some prescription drugs), Illegal drugs (cocaine and amphetamines).

Hypertension can cause many problems, including heart attack, stroke, Aneurysm, congestive heart failure, kidney failure, vision loss, Metabolic syndrome, Dementia, etc..

The risk factors includes age, Race, Family history or genes, obesity, lack of physical activity, chewing or smoking tobacco, too much salt in diet, not enough potassium in diet, alcohol, stress, kidney disease, diabetes and sleep apnea.

Hypertension can often be fixed with changes in diet or lifestyle. The 2004 British Hypertension Society suggests that people with high blood pressure:

If lifestyle changes do not decrease a person's blood pressure, then the person may need medications. A doctor will choose which medications to use, based on what other medical problems the person has. Examples of medications that decrease blood pressure include:

Even small decreases in blood pressure can have a large effect on a person's health. For example, decreasing blood pressure by 5 mmHg (for example, from 150/100 to 145/95 mmHg) can decrease the risk of stroke by 34%. It can also decrease the risk of heart disease by 21%.


What is Blood Pressure Or Hypertension ? 

Live Aid

Live Aid was two rock concerts in London and Philadelphia that were held on July 13, 1985. It was organized by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure to raise money for African citizens who were in poverty not getting enough food. Live Aid was held in two places at the same time, in Wembley Stadium in London, and in John F. Kennedy Stadium in Philadelphia. The concert raised $127 million.

On November 8, 2004, Official recordings of the Live Aid concert was sold on DVD. The money that the DVD set got was given to Africa.

Model

Model, models, or modeling can mean: An abstract (idea, theory, simulation) or smaller approximation of an object or system for testing. (Like a car, building or ship.)






Script

Script could mean different types of writing that are carefully put together.






Commercial

Commercial could mean:


Flag of the Soviet Union

The first official flag of the Soviet Union was adopted in December 1922 at the first congress of the Soviets' USSR. The red flag of the communist party was adopted as the national flag.

On 30 December 1922, the congress Declaration and Agreement on the establishment of the USSR. Article 22 of the Agreement states: 'the USSR has a flag, coat of arms and a state seal.'.

On 6 July 1923, it was decided that the flag was to consist of a red cloth with the state coat of arms of the Soviet Union in the centre. The unusual flag format 1:4 was selected. This flag was used however never to used very much and was only used officially for four months.

The third meeting of the Exekutive committees of the Soviet Union changed the flag on 12 November 1923 into the more well-known version. The more common format 1:2 was selected. The state coat of arms was replaced by a gold sickle and hammer, and a red five-pointed star bordered in gold above them.

Changes to the shape of the hammer and sickle and the shade of red were made in 1955. This design stayed the national flag until the break-up of the Soviet Union on 3 December 1991.

Coat of arms of the Soviet Union

The coat of arms of the Soviet Union is the symbol of the Soviet Union. It was accepted in 1923 and was used until the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.

The coat of arms has a hammer and sickle, a red star over the Earth, and two ears of wheat covered by red ribbons. Each ribbon has a different language on it, showing the motto of the Soviet Union.

On 6 July 1923, the Central Executive Committee (CIK) started a project to create the coat of arms. It was finished on 22 September 1923. The constitution of the Soviet Union confirmed the new coat of arms officially in 1924. At first it had six red ribbons on the ears of wheat. The motto "Workers of the World, Unite!" was written on each ribbon, each in a different language. The first six languages were Russian, Ukrainian, Belarusian, Georgian, Armenian, and Turko-Tatar.

Over the next several years, many more languages were added. In 1937 there were 11 languages, and in 1946, there were 16. In 1956 the Finnish text from the coat of arms was removed, and up to the end of the Soviet Union there were 15 languages on the coat of arms.

Kornwestheim

Kornwestheim is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is the third largest town of the Ludwigsburg district, behind Ludwigsburg and Bietigheim Bissingen.

Since 1956, Kornwestheim has been an administrative district town in Baden-Württemberg.

Kornwestheim lies about 10 km in the north of Stuttgart. In the southwest "Neckarbecken" at the east edge of the "Strohgäus" within the "Langes Feld". In the town, the Gänsbach flows east towards the Neckar.

The following towns and municipalities share a border with Kornwestheim (clockwise beginning in the west):
Möglingen, Ludwigsburg and Remseck at the Neckar (all district Ludwigsburg) as well as Stuttgart (urban area)

The municipality of Kornwestheim consists of the town centre and Pattonville. The latter became a part of Kornwestheim only at the beginning of the 1990s, having belonged to the Gemarkung Aldingen initially. The settlement was established in 1954 by the US army. After their departure a Company bought the area from the Federal Republic of Germany and divided it between the towns of Kornwestheim and Remseck am Neckar. Pattonville has since been converted from a military to a civilian settlement. 

The tower of Kornwestheim's town hall was built in the year 1935 by the architect Paul Bonatz. It serves not only as town hall tower, but also as water tower with a container of 800 cubic meters volumes and as clock tower.

Giancarlo Fisichella

Giancarlo Fisichella (born 14 January 1973 in Rome) is an Italian driver and drives at present in Formula One with the Renault F1-Team.


Karate

Karate uses all parts of the human body as a weapon such as the hand, fist, elbow, leg and knee. 
Karate training has three main sections:

Gichin Funakoshi, a school teacher from the island of Okinawa, introduced Karate to mainland Japan in the early 1900s. Traditional karate is different from boxing, wrestling and kickboxing: in karate, there is just as much importance on the strength of the mind and good manners as there is on strength of the body and self-defence to use when you're in trouble.

Karate became more known around the world because of Karate movies in the 1960s and 1970s. Now people all over the world learn Karate.

After World War II, Karate also became popular in Korea, where a local variation appeared, it is called "tangsudo".

The full name of Karate is "Karate-do" which means "the way of the empty hand" in English.

There are many schools or styles of karate, including

A person who does Karate is called a ""karateka"". Notable Karateka include: Gichin Funakoshi, Yoshitaka Funakoshi, Shigeru Egami, Masutatsu Oyama, and Fumio Demura.

When people practice Karate, they wear special clothes called a karategi. The karategi is made up of a white jacket and white pants. People who practice Karate also wear a colored belt, which tells other people their rank. The belt shows how long you have trained rather than how good you are. Two people wearing different colored belts can be surprisingly similar.

Different schools of Karate have different colours of belts for their ranks. You cannot know precisely how good they are without either asking them or knowing how their school arranges the belt colours in ranks. Usually the black belt is for the students who try very hard to be the best that they can be for a long time.

Some schools have several degrees of black belts. They show this by having a white stripe, called a Dan, on the one end of the belt, for the black belt degree the person has. For instance a "3 Dan black belt" would have 3 white stripes on his black belt and would be higher ranked than a "1 Dan black belt".


Kickboxing

Kickboxing is a descriptive term for martial arts that, while similar to boxing, use the feet just like the hands to hit. Kickboxing can be practiced for general health, or as the fight sport. The word kickboxing represents a set of disciplines or sports of combat that use the feet and the fists. Especially, kickboxing is one of the disciplines of "Boxe pieds-poings" which was developed at first by the Japaneses and afterwards by the North Americans. There are different kinds of kick boxing, most popular form is one where kicks are allowed towards head & torso only.

In the middle of the years 1960, the Japanese Kurosaki, who trained in Kyokushinkai Karate, travelled to Thailand discovering Thai boxing. In his returning to the Japan decided to combine his techniques of karate with that of Thai boxing, removing elbow strikes (the Americans also removed knee strikes), so a new sport called "kickboxing" was born. 

Among the non-Japaneses that gained more successes, a special consideration should be given to Frenchman Christian Guillaume who in 1969 gained four victories and two draws; and American Benny "The Jet" Urquidez who in 1977 defeated Tatsuyuki Suzuki in four rounds. Andrew Tate is also well known for Kickboxing in the I.S.K.A 

In 1973 Urquidez and Howard Hanson created the W.K.A. (World Karate Association), changing years after the "K" de karate for that of Kick-Boxing. 

The more known champions are Rob Kaman, Benny Urquidez, Dennis Alexio, Ernesto Hoost, and Marek Piotrowski.

The punches and kicks are permitted for above the waist, the sweepings and the "low kicks" (kicks to the thigh) also are permitted. 

The "amateur" combats take place in three rounds, and the professional ones last five rounds; 10 in championships of Europe and 12 in the championships of the world, with a one-minute half-time (break) between rounds. 

The kicks to the thigh ("low kick") usually decide about the difference in the combats. 

Pants (long or short), boxing gloves and protectors for the teeth and for the genitals; in the female combats, women should also wear protector of chest and boots (not required in the professional combats). 


Robert Kubica

Robert Józef Kubica (born 7 December 1984 in Krakow) is a Polish racing driver.

On 1 December 2005, Kubica got to test in Formula One for the Renault F1 Team. After the test, he was hired by the BMW Sauber F1 team as the test and reserve driver for the 2006 F1 season. 

Robert Kubica got the chance to race in the Hungarian Grand Prix replacing the departing Jacques Villeneuve for the remainder of the 2006 season. On 10 September 2006 he drove to an impressive third place and became the first Polish driver on the podium in Formula 1. This led to Kubica getting a full-time drive for the BMW outfit in 2007.

In 2008 Kubica has good season. He took the first pole position for BMW Sauber. At the Canadian Grand Prix Kubica won after a long fight with teammate Nick Heidfeld. It was first win in the race for BMW.

After BMW announced they were leaving Formula 1 in 2009, Kubica joined the French team Renault F1.

On February 6, 2011, Kubica was in a bad crash while competing in a rally race. He was driving a Škoda Auto in the Ronde di Andora. His car ran off the road and crashed at high speed into a wall. He was removed from the car, and air-lifted to hospital by helicopter. His co-driver, Jacub Gerber, was unhurt. Gerber was able to get out of the wrecked car.

Kubica's condition was reported to be serious. Reports say that he has several fractures to his right arm, leg and hand. It was reported that his hand was crushed. Doctors are trying repair the damage to his hand.

On February 6, Kubica had seven hours of surgery to repair his injures. Lotus Renault GP has reported that he is doing better and his recovery encouraging. He was able to talk to his doctors and family. Kubica "is ready to fight for his comeback." He will need several more surgeries to repair the damage. He will also need to stay in the hospital for about three weeks.

Renault announced that Nick Heidfeld will replace Kubica starting at the test in Barcelona. Eleven weeks after his accident, Kubica was released from the hospital. He plans a short rest at his home before starting the rehabilitation treatment. He is optimistic about his progress.

 Season in progress.<br>

 Season still in progress.<br>

Bietigheim-Bissingen

Bietigheim-Bissingen ( ]) is a city in the northern centre of Baden-Württemberg in Germany, about north of Stuttgart and south of Heilbronn. It is the second biggest city in the district of Ludwigsburg; only Ludwigsburg City is bigger.

Bietigheim-Bissingen is twinned with:

Grady Sizemore

Grady Sizemore III (born August 2, 1982) is a retired American baseball player. He played for four Major League Baseball teams: the Cleveland Indians, Boston Red Sox, Philadelphia Phillies, and Tampa Bay Rays. He was a center fielder.

Sizemore graduated from Cascade High School in Everett, Washington in 2000. A notable high school star in football, basketball, and baseball, Sizemore signed a letter of intent to play football and baseball at the University of Washington. At the time of his high school graduation, Sizemore was the Cascade all-time leader in rushing yards with 3,081 yards and interceptions with 16.

Sizemore did not play for the college because the Expos selected Sizemore in the 3rd round of the 2000 Draft. The team offered him a $2 million signing bonus for him not to play for the college. Sizemore signed and almost immediately began his quick climb to the big leagues. 

In 2002, he was traded to the Cleveland Indians by the Montreal Expos.

In 2006, Sizemore was selected to his first All-Star Game as a reserve outfielder.

Sizemore currently resides in Mill Creek, Washington and Tempe, Arizona.

Joachim Sauer

Joachim Sauer (born 19 April 1949) is a German professor of physical and theoretical chemistry. He was born in Hosena, Brandenburg. Sauer has two sons by his first wife. He married Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel on 30 December 1998.

Everett, Washington

Everett is a city in the American state of Washington. It is the county seat of Snohomish County. 103,019 people live there.

The city is where Boeing builds many of its airplanes, like the Boeing 747 and Boeing 787. It is also where the United States Navy has a base called Naval Station Everett.


Tempe, Arizona

Tempe is an American city in the central part of the southwestern state of Arizona. A spring training team plays baseball in Tempe in March. Grady Sizemore resides here when not playing baseball and traveling with his team. Tempe, Arizona is also home to Arizona State University and many businesses. It features attractions such as Tempe Town Lake and The Light Rail.

Hoyerswerda

Hoyerswerda (Upper Sorbian: Wojerecy, Lower Sorbian: Wórjejce) is a city in the north of the Saxonian Upper Lusatia, lying north east of Cottbus and from Dresden, (Saxony). It is in the Sorbian settlement area. The city is one of the six centers of the Free State of Saxony and is a member of the Euroregion Neisse, a group which helps international trade and cooperation in the area.

The first time Hoyerswerda was mentioned in a document was in 1268. In the year 1371 the emperor Karl IV. made it a market place. The people were allowed to choose their own council . This right was given to them by "Baron von Duba". In the year 1705 the Elector of Saxony August the Strong gave Hoyerswerda to Katharina of Teschen. She was an important person in the small town. She helped the town to develop its trade and handicraft.

In 1759, during the Seven-Years War between Prussia and Saxony, there was a fight between Austrian and Prussian troops which is called: the Battle of Hoyerswerda.

After the Congress of Vienna in the year 1815 Hoyerswerda was given to Prussia. In 1825 it became part of Selesia. In 1873 the railway came to Hoyerswerda – opening up access to other parts of the country. This brought economic prosperity. A large repair workshop was built. In 1912 the Sorbians formed an organization called "Domowina" in Hoyerswerda. In the year 1945 a lot of Hoyerswerda was destroyed because it was a military stronghold of the German army. The invading troops of the Red Army set parts of the city on fire.

In 1955 the brown coal industry developed close to the city. Today this industry is partly in Brandenburg. Houses were built here for the families of the people working in the industry. From 1957 the need of for housing increased even more. The first large blocks of flats were built. Altogether ten residential complexes were built creating housing for tens of thousands of people. In the year 1981 the number of inhabitants of the city reached its maximum of 71.124. At this time Hoyerswerda had the highest birth rate in the GDR. In 1990 the former Prussian province of Lower Saxony decided by popular vote to go over to the Free State Saxony.

In 1991 rioting took place in Hoyerswerda outside a hostel for foreign asylum-seekers. People used the word "Ausländerfrei" ("foreigner-free"). This word was voted the "Unwort" (politically incorrect word) of 1991.
Since the fall of the Iron Curtain many people have left the town. Since the number of inhabitants continued to decrease after 1999, many iron buildings were pulled down. From 1 January 2008 Hoyerswerda will no longer be able to rule itself as there will be changes to the administration of Saxony, and Hoyerswerda will become part of a district (Kreis) instead of being a kreisfreie Stadt.


Hamburger SV

The Hamburger Sport-Verein (short HSV) is German Sportsclub from Hamburg and became known particularly by its football crews. The man crew of the HSV created it thereby as an only soccer association, 43 years long continuously in the Bundesliga to play and was always first-class since the establishment union in the year 1919 as only German association. The woman football crew Hamburg sports association plays likewise in the 1. Federal league. The football team is playing their homegames in the HSH Nordbank Arena.

The first ice hockey woman crew plays in the first federal league.

The first table tennis gentleman crew plays for many years in the second federal league.

Further kinds of sport of the association are Baseball, Basketball, Bowling, Cricket, Golf, Gymnastics, Handball, Ice hockey, Roller hockey, Carats, Athletics, Rugby, swimming, tennis, Tournament dance and Volleyball.

The HSV is with 40.000 members the third biggest association of Germany.

Borussia Dortmund

Borussia Dortmund (BVB) is a German Sports club in Dortmund. It is most noted for its football team that plays in the Bundesliga. Dortmund is one of the most successful clubs in German football history.

Besides football, the club has handball and table tennis departments since the end of 2004, the club also has a fan section, which represents the interests of the team supporters. In the 2010/11 season the matches were visited by an average of 79.151 people. This means that 98,1 percent of the seats were sold.

The official name reads ball play association Borussia 1909 registered association Dortmund and frequently shortened with BVB or BVB 09. The club was the first German team to win an international title (1965 Cup Winners Cup against Liverpool FC) and also the first to win the newly installed UEFA Champions League (1997, final 3-1 win about Juventus).

The football (soccer) team plays their home games in the Signal Iduna Park (formerly Westfalen Stadion) in Dortmund. Borussia Dortmund competes in the highest German league, the Bundesliga.










Palace of Soviets

The Palace of Soviets (Russian: Dvorjez Sovjetov / Дворец Советов) was a building project planned by the government of the Soviet Union. A contest was held for the architectural design of the building from 1931 until 1933. Construction was started on the building in 1937, but was stopped in 1941 because of World War II. The building was going to be used as a administrative center and meeting place. It was to be built in Moscow near the Kremlin. The palace would have had a height of 415m. This would have made it the largest building of the world at that time.

The building was designed by the architect Boris Iofan. During its design, there were many changes to how it would look and to the location of the palace in Moscow.

Battle of the Somme

The Battle of the Somme took place in World War I. The battle began on 1 July 1916, and ended on 18 November 1916. The battle was named after the French River Somme where it was fought.

On the first day the British Army had 57,470 casualties, of whom 19,240 were killed. The French Army had 1,590 casualties and the German Army lost 10,000–12,000 men. The Allies planned to attack together, but the French were busy with the Battle of Verdun, so the main attackers were British. The cost of the battle, and the small gains, have been a source of grief and controversy in Britain. In German and French writing, the first day of the Battle of the Somme has been little more than a footnote to the mass losses of 1914–1915 and the Battle of Verdun.

During the battle of the Somme more than 1.5 million people either died, were wounded or went missing. This battle was the worst battle in WWI, especially from the point of view of Britain.

For five days the British fired shells at the German trenches to destroy them. At 7:30 am on 1 July the British generals ordered the British soldiers out of their trenches and to advance towards the German trenches. The German trenches were unusually deep, and the German soldiers were able to take the machine guns down during the bombardment, and bring them up afterwards.

Whole books have been written about this disaster, but it is still not clear why it happened. It is very clear, though, that the artillery barrage failed in its objective. Where enough German machine-gunners survived, supported by their artillery, the British attack failed, with many casualties. The effectiveness of the defensive weapons decided the result. In such an environment, a soldier with a bayonet was obsolete and infantry formations useless.

The Germans used poisonous gases as weapons at first. (This is now called chemical warfare.) Germany first used chlorine gas. Death from chlorine gas was very painful, causing the victim to suffocate after suffering from burning pains in their chest. However, because of its green color and strong smell, chlorine gas was easy for the enemy to detect. It also blew back on the Germans when they used it. To protect themselves, they began to wear dampened material over their mouths and noses. Soldiers dampened this material with urine because it made these masks more effective. The British soldiers were given cotton pads and respirators. 

The Germans began to mix chlorine gas with a different gas, called phosgene. Phosgene gas is colorless, more deadly than chlorine, and smells like mouldy hay. A person does not get sick as soon as they inhale phosgene gas; it does not take effect until 24 hours later. Then the person’s lungs fill with fluid, which can cause them to drown.

The soldiers in the trenches used rifles. Most soldiers used was the bolt-action rifle, which could fire 15 rounds per minute and could kill a person as far as 1.4 kilometres away. This rifle was invented in the United States by a Scottish man called James Paris Lee. The bolt-action rifle had a metal box where the cartridges were put on top of a spring. As the bolt opened, the spring forced the cartridges up against a stop and the bolt pushed the top cartridge into the chamber as it closed. After the rifle was fired, the opening of the bolt ejected the empty cartridge case and the return stroke loaded a fresh round. The cases held 3, 5 or 29 cartridges each.

Both sides also used machine guns. These were so large that four men were needed to operate each one. They had to be put on a flat surface. They had the power of one rifle. 

Larger field guns needed up to 12 men to operate them. They fired shells which exploded when they hit. The machine guns were a major force for the Germans, who used them to their full effect as the British forces simply walked over no man's land straight into open gun fire. The British did not have access to many machine guns, which made their task even more difficult. The Germans were in a higher position than the British, which gave them the upper hand.

The first tank was called 'Little Willie', and it had a crew of three men. The maximum speed that it could travel was three mph and it was not able to cross the trenches. The first tank battle, Flers-Courcelette named after the two villages that were the objectives for the attack, started on 15 September 1916. Out of the 49 tanks that should have been there only 36 arrived. This was the first time that tanks had been used in World War I, but because they were only armed lightly and the mechanics of them often went wrong they did not make a great impact. However, casualties were low in the tank crews.

Mines are a way to blow up the enemy and really shock them. Anti-infantry land mines have been in use since the invention of gunpowder and were used in the defense of breaches of fortresses in the 18th and 19th century (the British assault on the breach at Badajoz suffered many casualties from mines). However these were activated remotely by a defender lighting a very fast burning fuse at the appropriate moment. The British used 11 mines on the first morning of the Battle of Somme to startle and damage the German front line. The holes left by the mines were used by the Germans for machine guns afterwards. The soldiers that set the land mines were called sappers.

There was a lot of disease in the trenches. The toilets in the trenches were mainly buckets and holes. This made it easy for diseases to spread quickly. For example, many soldiers got dysentery, which causes bloody diarrhoea. The diarrhoea is severe and can make a person so dehydrated that they die.

The water supply in the trenches was not very good. Soldiers collected rain water from the holes made by enemy shells. They added chloride of lime to purify this dirty water. However, the soldiers did not like the taste of the chloride of lime (which tasted a bit like modern swimming pool water).

The soldiers in the trenches suffered from lice. One man described them as "pale fawn in colour, and they left blotchy red bite marks all over the body.” Another soldier said: 

"The things lay in the seams of trousers, in the deep furrows of long thick woolly pants, and seemed impregnable in their deep entrenchment. A lighted candle applied where they were thickest made them pop like Chinese crackers. After a session of this, my face would be covered with small blood spots from extra big fellows which had popped too vigorously." 

Lice caused severe itching and also carried a disease called trench fever (pyrrexhia). The first symptoms were shooting pains in the legs. This was followed by a very high fever. This disease did not kill the soldiers, but it did stop them from fighting. It was very common. From 1915 to 1918, between one-fifth and one-third of all British troops who got sick had trench fever; about one-fifth of ill German and Austrian troops had the disease.

Another common problem was trench foot. This was another infection, caused by standing in wet conditions for a long time and not being able to dry out shoes and socks. Trench foot caused soldiers’ feet to go numb, then turn red or blue. It can cause gangrene, which sometimes requires the foot to be amputated. 

Brigadier-General Frank Percy Crozier argued that “The fight against the condition known as trench-feet had been incessant [never-ending] and an uphill game." The only way to get rid of trench foot was to dry the feet and change into dry socks several times a day. This was not possible in the trenches.
Mines and shells injured tens of thousands of soldiers on both sides. In many cases, soldiers were so badly injured that doctors had to amputate parts of their bodies.

Because there were so many corpses in the trenches, rats were a serious problem. The rats carried disease and ate the corpses of dead soldiers. They ate the eyes first, then burrowed into the corpse and ate the insides. One soldier, Harry Patch, claimed the rats in the trenches were as big as cats. Another said: “The rats were huge. They were so big they would eat a wounded man if he couldn't defend himself!" 

The area between the two sides was called No Man’s Land. It was very dangerous because there was lots of barbed wire and shell-holes. Also, no man’s land was usually a sea of mud. The soldiers that “went over the top” (left the trenches to attack the enemy) were easy targets for machine gunners. On both the German and Allied sides, about 600,000 soldiers died in the battle.

The Prince of Wales served on the Somme as a Staff Officer. He was genuinely disappointed not to be involved in the fighting. However, his service influenced the rest of his life as Prince of Wales and Edward VIII.

Today, there are cemeteries, war memorials and museums on the battle site.

When farmers living near the battle site plow their fields, they often find remnants of barbed wire, bullets, shrapnel, and unexploded bombs. This is called "iron harvesting."

Ravicherla

Ravicherla is a village in Nuzvid Mandal, Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is a peaceful village with about 1300 people living in it. Most of the people living here work on agriculture. The main crops are mango and paddi. This village has different religions including Hinduism, Christianity and Islam.

In recent times, youths in this village are very interested in Information techology (IT) and getting good education and income in this field. Its a great place to learn many things in life. No of people are settled in IT profession from this small village. There are MBA's, MCA's and B.tech minds which come from this village, mainly favouritism for Tekugu Desam Partty and Nandamuri fans especially for Junior NTR

San Marino, California

San Marino is a residential town in Los Angeles County, California, United States. Its population is 12,513 as per the 2020 United States Census.

Ballade

A ballade is a medieval French verse or song which tells a story. Like the rondeau and the virelai it was very popular in 14th and 15th century France. All these three songs were originally dances. Famous composers like Guillaume de Machaut wrote ballades. 

Ballade verses often had three stanzas which had the same metre and rhyme scheme, and the last line was often the same. They might end with an envoi which meant that it was addressing a king or prince. The great English poet Geoffrey Chaucer wrote ballades.

Ballade (classical music)

"This article is about the instrumental ballade that was popular in the 19th century.
For the medieval French ballade see Ballade".

A ballade is a piece of music, usually for piano. It has several tunes, and one can easily imagine that it is telling a story (a ballade is a medieval French song which tells a story).

The first composer who used the title “ballade” for his piano pieces was Frédéric Chopin. He wrote four ballades. They are quite free in form. Chopin does not tell us about any particular story he had in mind. Perhaps they are just musical stories. They are four of his finest works.

Later on other composers also wrote ballades: César Franck and Franz Liszt in particular. Johannes Brahms wrote ballades for piano which are quite like songs in their form. Edvard Grieg wrote a ballade which was based on a Norwegian song.

Gabriel Fauré wrote a ballade for piano and orchestra. Some composers wrote ballades for orchestra, but they are really like short symphonic poems.

RAF

RAF may refer to:

Signal Iduna Park

Westfalenstadion (German for "Westphalia Stadium"), officially known since November 2005 as Signal Iduna Park, is an association football stadium in Dortmund, Germany. With 80,708 spectator places, it is the largest football stadium in Germany, and is classified by UEFA as an "elite stadium", allowing it to host the finals of major club competitions. It is home to the German Bundesliga Team Borussia Dortmund, whose spectator set up a new European record there to million spectators (average approx. 76,500 per play) in the season 2003/2004 with 1,35. The stadium is south B 1 to the Strobelallee beside the stadium red ones earth and in the proximity that Westfalen resounding.

The stadium was established between 1971 and 1974 for the soccer world championship with a spectator capacity by 54.000 spectators. The stadium with a friendship game between Borussia Dortmund and Schalke 04 (0 was opened: 3). To the season 1974/75 Borussia Dortmund of the stadium red one earth moved into the new arena.

The first federal league play, which was delivered in this stadium, found between VfL Bochum (during the new building of the Ruhr stadium in April here 1976 moved) and Schalke 04 instead of. The Borussia at this time still kickte in the regional league.


The stadium remained structurally almost unchanged to beginning of the 90's. In the 1992 was reequipped on the north grandstand being located present into seats, whereby the capacity was reduced to 42.800. Between 1995 and 1999 successively the grandstands were supplemented. One began with west and east grandstand at the long sides of the playing field, in which second stage of development became also north and south grandstand covered (capacity: 68.600).

2003/2004 the stadium corners were removed. As standing place grandstand the south grandstand seizes 25,000 spectators and is the largest thereby in Europe. With international plays seats can be used here. Altogether itself the capacity of the stadium amounted after the change to scarcely 83,000 spectators.
The south grandstand signal of the Iduna park
increase

The exterior of the north grandstand glassed, on the inside are catering trade ranges and the BVB museum. Remarkable structural characteristic are, bright the yellow steel girders led outside, which exceed far over daas roof and are visible from many points of the city.

A last stage of development for the preparation of the stadium on the football world cup 2006 took place in the summer break 2005. It took place the installation of an electronic entrance system, which revaluation of the places for handicapped ones, the change of the VIP ranges, the cabs and the sanitary mechanisms.

Due to the structural alteration measures of the grandstands 1,500 spectator places were omitted and the stadium offer still place for 81.264 spectators. The south grandstand of the stadium offers today 25,000 places. It is thereby the largest standing place grandstand of Europe.

On 1 December 2005 "the Westfalenstadion" was named in Signal Iduna Park. For the rights of the use of a name of the stadium Borussia Dortmund releases estimated 20 million euro with optimal sporty success. The contract over renaming between Borussia Dortmund and the signal Iduna group of insurance applies up to the season 2010/2011. The Dortmunder fan scene is divided opinion over this step, since he offers on the one hand the financial safety device, but on the other hand a tradition break represents.

The district agency city center west decided at the beginning of the year 2006 to call a road in stadium proximity at the "Westfalenstadion". The association rated this decision as unsensibel opposite the sponsor, while many BVB fans and Dortmunder were pleased that the steeped in tradition name remained now with the road.

Allianz Arena

Allianz Arena (; known as Fußball Arena München for UEFA competitions) is a football stadium in the north of Munich, Germany. Bayern Munich, TSV 1860 München and the Germany national football team use this stadium. The stadium offers 69,901 seats.

The stadium was used for the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final.

The stadium took about 340 million Euros to make. The stadium was made with real grass. The architect was Herzog & de Meuron and ArupSport.

The stadium was one of the venues for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. However, due to sponsorship contracts, the arena was called "FIFA World Cup Stadium Munich" during the World Cup.

The following games were played at the stadium during the World Cup of 2006:

The stadium hosted three group stage matches and one quarter-finals match at the UEFA Euro 2020.


Imtech Arena

The Imtech Arena is a concert and sports arena in Hamburg, Germany. It is owned and used by the Hamburger SV football team. Many Hamburg residents still refer to the arena as the Volksparkstadion (Peoples Park Stadium), though AOL bought the naming rights for 30 million marks or 15.3 million euros in 2001. From July 2007 until July 2010 the name was HSH Nordbank Arena.

The stadium houses a museum which presents the history of the Hamburger SV club.

The HSV museum is open daily from 10 am to 8 pm.


Veltins Arena

The Veltins-Arena (between 2001 and 2005 Arena AufSchalke) in Gelsenkirchen, Germany, is the stadium of the German member of the soccer federal league FC Schalke 04. The Veltins arena is one of the most modern stages of the world and possesses since June 2015 a capacity of 62.271 spectators with plays on national level, with international plays due to the standing place prohibition of 54,740 spectators. Apart from the actual use as football stadium of the FC Schalke 04 also different meetings, like concerts, take place in this multi-function arena. Due to the outline of the Rhine stadium in Duesseldorf the arena became occasionally also venue of the Home plays of the American football crew Rhine Fire.

The Veltins arena got 2004 lent of the UEFA the status of a 5-Stars-Stadium. The comment of the UEFA delegation read even: The place of event will the requirements more than fair and could even than ‚six star Stadion' be evaluated. It may align thereby final games of the UEFA champions League and the UEFA cup.

FC Schalke 04

The Fußball-Club Gelsenkirchen-Schalke 04, commonly known as FC Schalke 04, is a successful and popular German football club.

It plays in Gelsenkirchen. With more than 80.313 members (15. Dezember 2009) at present it is the second largest Sportsclub of Germany and has departments for football, basketball, table tennis, handball and athletics. Since August 2001 the association plays its home plays in the Veltins arena (to 30 June 2005 Veltins Arena), one of the most modern stages of the world. In the coat of arms a white G is to be recognized, which stands for Gelsenkrichen.

There exists a great rivalry between Schalke 04 and Borussia Dortmund. The reason is the honorable competition of these clubs which live in neighborhood. Since the first match in 1925 there have been 135 matches. Schalke won 55 of them, Dortmund won 45 and 35 ended in a draw. In the 2009–10 Bundesliga season Schalke won both matches.

The football team is playing their home plays in the Veltins Arena. 61,673 people can visit the stadium for football matches in national, or 54,442 in internation competitions. During other events as for example concerts or opera plays 79,296 people can take place in the stadium. Its was also one of the 12 venues for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany and the final of the 2003–04 UEFA Champions League between FC Porto and AS Monaco has been played there.

The current coach (and Manager) of Schalke 04 is Dimitrios Grammozis.

International
o 1997 (1:0 und 0:1 (4:1 i.E.) gegen Inter Mailand)

Championship
o 1934 (2:1 vs 1. FC Nürnberg)
o 1935 (6:4 vs VfB Stuttgart)
o 1937 (2:0 vs 1. FC Nürnberg)
o 1939 (9:0 vs Admira Wien)
o 1940 (1:0 vs Dresdner SC)
o 1942 (2:0 vs Vienna Wien)
o 1958 (3:0 vs Hamburger SV)
o Schalke was eight times runner-up

DFB-Cup
o 1937 (2:1 vs Fortuna Düsseldorf)
o 1972 (5:0 vs 1. FC Kaiserslautern)
o 2001 (2:0 vs 1. FC Union Berlin)
o 2002 (4:2 vs Bayer 04 Leverkusen)
o 2011 (5:0 vs MSV Duisburg)


Michael Ballack

Michael Ballack (born 26 September 1976 in Görlitz, Germany) was a German football player and is the retired captain of the Germany national team. He last played for Chelsea, an English club.

Ballack started his career in a small club in Eastern Germany. He later turned to several German clubs, including Bayern Munich. In 2006–07 he arrived England to join Chelsea.

Ballack attended the World Cup twice, in 2002 and 2006, but did not win it with the Germany national football team. He is considered as one of the strongest midfield players to ever play for the German national team.
282||85||27||11||||||57||14||366||110
105||17||15||5||9||0||34||4||163||26
387||102||42||16||9||0||91||18||510||136

!Total||98||42

Coat of arms of Germany

The coat of arms of Germany (German Wappen Deutschlands) is a symbol of Germany; the coat of arms feature an eagle. The coat of arms are similar to those of the flag of Germany (black, red and gold ). It is the oldest existing state symbol in Europe and is one of the oldest insignia in the world. Its history as an emblem is far longer, however. To the Germanic tribes the eagle was the bird of the god Odin, and by the Romans, too, it was revered as the symbol of the supreme god, of the emperor and of invincibility. From there and through its religious significance in Christendom it came to be incorporated into medieval symbolism.

Plauen

Plauen is the biggest city of the Vogtlandkreis in the southwest of Saxony. It is the fifth-largest city in the state. Only Leipzig, Dresden, Chemnitz and Zwickau are larger.

Plauen was a "Kreisfreie stadt" until July 2008. Since 1. August 2008 Plauen ist Part of the Vogtlandkreis.

The nearest large cities are Zwickau, about northeast and Gera, about north of Plauen.

Plauen was already settled in the Bronze Age, but the first written record of the city was in 1122, when the oldest church (named "Johanniskirche") was build. About 1224 Plauen has get the Town privileges. 1632 a big part of the city was destroyed in the Thirty Years' War. Since about 1830 Plauen grow because of the textile-industry. In the Second World Warabout three quarters of the city was destroyed by the United States Army Air Force and the Royal Air Force.

1989 Plauen was the first city in the German Democratic Republic were happens a big demonstration against the Government. This leads to the Wende.

Plauen became a large city in 1904 when the population reached 100.000. In 1912 it reached its biggest ever population with 128.000.

After the Second World War Germany was divided. Plauen was in the border area. Laws about living in the border areas of East Germany meant the population fell greatly.

According to the statistics office of the Free State of Saxony, on 31 December 2009 Plauen's population was 66,412.

Braunau am Inn

Braunau am Inn is a town in the Innviertel region of Upper Austria (Oberösterreich), the north-western state of Austria. It lies about 90 km west of Linz and about 60 km north of Salzburg, on the border with the German state of Bavaria. It has a continental climate ("Dfa" in the Koeppen climate classification). The population in 2001 was 16,372. A port of entry, it is connected by bridges over the Inn River with its Bavarian counterpart, Simbach am Inn. It is the birthplace of Adolf Hitler. It was in the American Occupation Zone of Austria from 1945 to 1955 .

<br>

Berlin Hauptbahnhof

Berlin Hauptbahnhof (English: Berlin Central Station) is the central railway station of the German capital Berlin. It began full operation two days after a ceremonial opening on 26 May 2006.

It is on the site of the old "Lehrter Bahnhof". Until it opened as a main line station, it was a stop on the Berlin S-Bahn suburban railway, temporarily named "Berlin Hauptbahnhof - Lehrter Bahnhof" in 2002.

The station has the largest traffic volume for a through-station in Europe. Paris Gare du Nord is the largest station in Europe measured by traffic volume but it is regarded as a terminus. It is on five levels, with lifts and escaltors. There are many shops and cafes. 

The longest route that runs through Berlin Central railway station is the Sibirjak. It links Berlin to some cities in Russia. It passes through Poland, Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan. The longest route offered goes to Novosibirsk. This takes almost four days to travel.

Mazurka

The Mazurka is a Polish country dance. It comes from an area called Mazovia near Warsaw where the people are called Mazurs. It was known in the 16th century. In the 17th century its popularity spread all over Poland and by the 19th century it was becoming known in England and then the United States. The Mazurka is very similar to the Kujawiak which is a dance from another district near Warsaw.

The Mazurka is a lively dance in 3/4 metre. It has lots of dotted rhythms and the fourth note of the scale is often sharpened. The dancers often click their heels on the 2nd or 3rd beat of the bar. The speed is not always fast, it can be slow, but it is a wilder dance than the waltz which is also in 3/4 time and had become very popular as a ballroom dance.

The composer Frédéric Chopin wrote more than 50 mazurkas for the piano. Chopin really shows his genius in these pieces. They are very beautiful and there is a lot of variety and interest in them. Many of them are not all that difficult to play. Some of them have very chromatic bits in them.

There were other classical composers who wrote Mazurkas, but none of them are as good as those of Chopin. Some Russian composers like Glinka and Tchaikovsky wrote several mazurkas. It was danced a lot in Russia in the 19th century and it is mentioned a lot in Russian novels. In the 20th century Karol Szymanowski wrote several mazurkas.

Bundesliga (disambiguation)

Bundesliga is the name of the highest level of play in many different sports. "Bundesliga" literally means "Federal League", or league of the whole country. The word is used in the countries Germany and in Austria. Soccer is the most popular sport in these countries. That is why Germany's soccer league is the best-known Bundesliga.



Weserstadion

The Weserstadion is a stadium in Bremen, Germany. It lies to the right side of the Weser, in the "Pauliner Marsch", a flooding area in the quarter of Peterswerder. It is the homeground of the Werder Bremen football club.

The Weser stadium was built in 1909 by Bremen's "Allgemeiner Bremer Turn- und Sportverein" as a sports field. After its first change in the year 1926, it was given the name "ATSB Kampfbahn". Today's name, which goes back to the direct situation at the Weser river, exists since the year 1930. Since this time there also the sports association Werder Bremen makes its plays. At the beginning of the first season of the soccer Bundesliga in the year 1963 the stadium received its first roofed grandstand. In the following decades also the other grandstands were built and modernized gradually. 1992 for the first time in a stadium a VIP Loge was inserted.

Belt

A belt is a piece of clothing worn around a person's waist. They can be used to hold up trousers(pants, men) or skirts(women) or for carrying things in pockets, such as on a utility belt, which police use. Belts are commonly made using cloth or leather. They are worn by men and women, however men wear them more casually and formally. The most common colors are black and brown. Belts have buckles. Belts are thread around belt loops on trousers(usually Jeans and dress pants for men). Belts have holes which the buckle is put into., making them looser to tighter. Cowboys often wear belt and customize/pick their buckles.

Zugspitze

The Zugspitze (Bavarian: "Zugspitz") is located in Bavaria, Germany. It is the highest mountain in Germany. It is above sea level. It attracts thousands of visitors every year.


British Airways

British Airways (sometimes known as just "BA") is the United Kingdom's largest airline, and is the UK's flag carrier. It was formed in 1974 when the UK's two government owned airlines, the British Oversea Airways Corporation and British European Airways were joined. It is now owned by a company called International Airlines Group, which also owns Iberia Airlines, and is one of the largest companies in the United Kingdom. It operates domestic flights within the UK as well as international flights to Europe and the rest of the world.

British Airways has a large fleet of aircraft, including planes built by Boeing, Airbus and Embraer. They are now operating the Airbus A380, the largest passenger plane ever built.
For a while during the 1990s British Airways' planes had tails each painted in a design to symbolize a country of the world. This was called the World Tails scheme, and it wasn't very popular. However, they now have tails that are based on the Union Jack.

British Airways also flew the Concorde, one of only two aircraft types that could fly faster than the speed of sound. However, this plane was taken out of the fleet in 2003 after the crash of Air France flight 4590, after being used for 27 years.

British Airways has its own terminal at Heathrow Airport in London called Terminal 5 or T5. It was opened on 14 March 2008 by the UK monarch Queen Elizabeth II, and cost £4.3 billion ($6.2 billion) to build. It is between Heathrow's two runways- 27L/09R and 27R/09L. The site is 260 hectares in size, and has its own train station. It also has over 100 shops and restaurants.

The only airlines to use terminal 5 are British Airways and Iberia Airlines. Not all of British Airways' flights go through T5. Some flights, such as those to Thailand, Singapore and Sydney in Australia depart from Terminal 3.

In 2011, 26.3 million passengers and 184,616 flights departed from Terminal 5.

British Airways also has many flights from Gatwick Airport, and London City Airport which are both in London. These two airports, along with Heathrow Airport, are British Airways' main airports.

British Airways has a fleet of 253 planes:

British Airways also owns two other smaller airlines called BA CityFlier and OpenSkies, which run different services than the large airline.

BA CityFlier runs flights from London City Airport to other major cities in the UK (such as Edinburgh and Glasgow) and the rest of Europe (such as Nice in France, Dublin in Ireland, Frankfurt in Germany, Madrid in Spain and Zurich in Switzerland). It began flying passengers in March 2007. It is also a much smaller airline than British Airways, and has 14 Embraer E-Jet family planes.

OpenSkies in an even smaller airline with only two aircraft- old Boeing 757s from that used to belong to British Airways. At the moment, the airline only flies to/from Paris in France and New York in the United States of America. The two Boeing 757s have enough room for 110 passengers, and have 20 Business class seats, 24 Premium Economy class seats and 66 Economy class seats.

British Airways is a member of Oneworld. Oneworld is a partnership between 11 airlines: American Airlines, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia Airlines, Japan Airlines, LAN, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Royal Jordanian Airlines, S7 Airlines and British Airways. Smaller airlines that are owned by these 12 member airlines are also part of Oneworld- for example BA CityFlier. There is one exception- OpenSkies however is not part of Oneworld.

Being part of Oneworld means that the airlines sell tickets for their own flights as well as for other members' flights (for example, British Airways sells tickets for American Airlines flights). This is good for the airlines because the customers can get their tickets in one place and it lets the airlines use flights that they wouldn't normally have. Also, Oneworld has a frequent flier program, where all the separate member airlines' airmiles can be used, so they can be used across all the member airlines. The three levels are Oneworld Ruby (lowest), Oneworld Sapphire (middle) and Oneworld Emerald (highest). It is up to the airlines to decide how many air miles a passenger needs to get rewards from their own scheme. A passenger is awarded one air mile for each mile that they fly with the airline for.



G8

The Group of Eight (G8) was a group made up of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia "(suspended)", the United Kingdom and the United States. The European Commission is also represented in the committee. The group has conferences or meetings throughout the year, it researches policies, and has a summit meeting once a year. The heads of government of each G8 country attend the summit meeting.

Each year a different country takes over the presidency of the group for the duration of the year. The country that holds the presidency sets the agenda for the year and hosts the summit for that year. The first G6 meeting was in 1975. Canada joined in 1976, making G7. Russia made it G8 in 1997.

The organization's official 2014 summit was not held in Moscow as previously planned, due to the invasion and takeover of Crimea. On March 24, 2014, all seven member nations voted to suspend Russia from the G-8. The meeting was held in Brussels instead, and the G8 will be called G7 since there are now seven leaders.

The G8 is not considered an international organization because it does not have administrative structure. This means that besides the president, there are no official titles for the members, they are all considered equal. Their meetings are not formal. The goal is to talk about global topics and problems in a relaxed manner.

There are many global problems and issues that can be discussed at meetings. Some common topics of discussion include: health, law enforcement, labor, economic and social development, energy, environment, foreign affairs, justice, terrorism, and trade.

The annual meeting of G8 leaders is attended by the heads of government and other invited guests. It is usually held for three days in the middle of the year. Each year one of the G8 countries is considered the G8 president. The country of the G8 presidency is responsible for organizing and hosting a summit during that year. The first summit meeting was held in November 1975 in France.

The eight countries that make up the G8 represent about 14% of the people in the world but produce over 65% of the world's economic output measured by gross domestic product (GDP).



Helmut Kohl

Helmut Josef Michael Kohl (3 April 1930 – 16 June 2017) was a German politician of the CDU party. He was the last Chancellor of West Germany, and he stayed in office after reunification as the first Chancellor of a united Germany. 

From 1969 to 1976 he was the Minister President of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate and from 1982 to 1998 Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany. Kohl helped to arrange the process of German reunification and participated considerably in the European unity process. A pro-EU conservative, he was often compared to Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher, two other leaders with similar views in the 1980s. In 1998, he retired as Chancellor, as the SPD won the election. His replacement was Gerhard Schröeder.

His involvement with the CDU donation affair, and in particular offences against party law is open to question.

Kohl died on the morning of 16 June 2017 in his hometown of Ludwigshafen, aged 87.

Notes

Organ (anatomy)

In biology, an organ is a group of tissues that work together in an organism. They specialise in particular vital functions. They create an organ system which, as a whole, is an organism.
These are examples of organs:

Organelles > Cells > Tissues > Organs > Organ systems > Organism

Students for a Democratic Society

The Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) was a student activist movement in the United States in the 1960s (1960 to 1969).

A new SDS group was also begun in 2006.

SDS held its first meeting in 1960 at Ann Arbor, Michigan. They had their first convention in 1962, and criticized the political system of the United States for not bringing international peace or fixing problems in society at home. It also called for non-violent civil disobedience so that student youth could bring forth a "participatory democracy."

In the school year 1962-1963, the President of SDS was Tom Hayden, who later became famous. There were nine chapters around the country with at most, about 1000 members. The national office (NO) in New York City had only a few desks, some broken chairs, a couple of filing cabinets, and a few typewriters.

On October 1, 1964, the University of California, Berkeley exploded into the free speech movement. Led by a Friends of SNCC student activist named Mario Savio, more than three thousand students surrounded a police car where a student, arrested for setting up a card table against a ban by the university, was being taken away. The sit-down stopped the police car from moving for 36 hours. The demonstrations, meetings and strikes all but shut the university down. Hundreds of students were arrested. SDS leaders watched and learned from this lesson.

In February 1965, US President Lyndon Johnson made the war in Vietnam much bigger by bombing North Vietnam and putting ground troops right into fighting against the Viet Cong in the South. The draft became a very real issue in the lives of students in America. Campus chapters of SDS all over the country started to lead small, local demonstrations against the war and the NO became the main group that organized the March against the war in Washington DC on April 17.

The first teach-in against the war was held in the University of Michigan. Soon hundreds more, all over the country, were held. The demonstration in Washington, DC attracted about 25,000 anti-war protesters and SDS became the leading student group against the war on most U.S. campuses.

The 1965 summer convention was held at Kewadin, Northern Michigan. and the National Office, moved from Manhattan to Chicago at about the same time. This brought more changes.

"For the first time at an SDS meeting people smoked marijuana; Pancho Villa mustaches... blue workshirts, denim jackets, and boots were worn by both men and women. These were people generally raised outside of the East, many from the Midwest and Southwest

The Winter and Spring of 1967 saw more militancy of the protests at many campuses. Harassment by the authorities was also on the rise. The hippie movement really began to take hold. The 1967 convention spoke on the draft and resisting within the Army itself, and made a call for immediate withdrawal from Vietnam. Also, a women's liberation vote was passed for the first time.

That Fall saw more anti-war actions. The school year started with a large demonstration against the University of Wisconsin in Madison, Wisconsin on October 17 for letting Dow recruiters on campus. Peaceful at first, the demonstrations turned to a sit-in that was violently broken up by the Madison police and riot squad, causing many injuries and arrests. A rally and a student strike then closed the university for several days. Demonstrations against the draft led by members of the Resistance, the War Resisters League, and SDS added fuel to the fire of resistance. After regular civil rights tactics of peaceful pickets, the Oakland California Stop the Draft Week ended in mass hit and run fights with the police. The huge (100,000 people) October 21 March on the Pentagon saw hundreds arrested and hurt. Night-time raids on draft offices began to spread.

In the spring of 1968, National SDS activists led an effort on the campuses called "Ten Days of Resistance" and local chapters held rallies, marches, sit-ins and teach-ins, ending in a one-day strike on April 26. About a million students stayed away from classes that day, the largest ever student strike in the history of the United States. It was mostly ignored by the New York City-based national media, which was more focused on the student shutdown of Columbia University in NYC, led by an inter-racial alliance of Columbia SDS chapter activists and Student Afro Society activists. Because of the Columbia Student Revolt, "SDS" became a household name in the United States for a few years; and membership in SDS chapters around the United States grew greatly during the 1968-69 school year.

In the summer of 1969, the ninth SDS national convention was held at the Chicago Coliseum with some 2000 people attending. Many groups of the movement were there, even Communists, and set up their tables all around the edges of the hall, together with undercover spies, creating an air of excitement.

Each of the delegates was given a paper saying "You don't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind blows" (a lyric from a Bob Dylan song, "Subterranean Homesick Blues"). This was written by a group who later became called the Weathermen and were involved in more violent protests. They took over by voting out another large group, the convention quickly fell apart, and so did SDS.

Beginning January 2006, there is a movement to start a new SDS. A small group of old SDS members joined with a Connecticut high school student to call for a new SDS fighting for civil rights and against war. Several chapters at various colleges were later started. On Martin Luther King Day of 2006, these chapters called for the first national convention since 1969 to be held in the summer of 2006 

Lately SDS has been in actions against war. The Pace University chapter of SDS protested against a speech by Bill Clinton held at the campus, causing the university to hand over two students to the United States Secret Service. When the school was going to kick these two students out of school, Pace SDS began a movement in March 2006 protesting the university's actions.

On March 19 2006, SDS marched in New York City against the war in Iraq. Seventeen people were arrested at the Times Square Recruitment Center, including several SDS members. Beginning in March and continuing into April and May, SDS chapters across the country participated in the Immigrant Rights Movement. On April 29 2006 SDS was in the march for Peace, Justice and Democracy in Manhattan, NY. As of July 2006, there are 150 SDS chapters around the country and over 1000 members.

The newly formed SDS held its first national convention from August 4 to August 7, 2006 at the University of Chicago.








Postulate

A postulate (also sometimes called an axiom) is a statement everyone agrees to be correct. This is useful for creating proofs in mathematics and science. Along with definitions, postulates are often the basic truth of a much larger theory or law. For this reason a postulate is a hypothesis advanced as an essential part to a train of reasoning.

Postulates themselves cannot be proven, but since they are usually self-evident, their acceptance is not a problem. Here is a good example of a postulate (given by Euclid in his studies about geometry).

Using this postulate and four others like it, Euclid brought a new understanding of geometry to the world, and many people think they are some of the most influential works in geometry (even in modern time).

Sometimes, postulates are not obviously correct, but are required for their consequences. One example is Albert Einstein's postulate that the universe is homogenous. This type of postulate was necessary to make possible some major scientific achievements, but can also be problematic since it is not self-evident. 

As a rule of thumb, postulates tend to have the following characteristics:

Postulates are sometimes proved to be wrong after they have been known for a long time, but this is usually because something new has been discovered, and the original creator could not have known any better.


Consistency

Consistency could mean:


Influence

Social influence means someone affecting the emotions, opinions, or behaviours of others. It can be either planned for a purpose, or be an unplanned result of other events.

The adjective influential means "having much influence", so influential people or things have the power to change other people or things in some way. This word is often used to describe famous people. For example, Mahatma Gandhi was a very influential person, because the things he did and said changed many peoples lives, and many people believe he has even influenced the world. Kings, clergy and celebrities are also among the influential, as people pay attention to what they say or do.

Events can also influence. For example, World War II changed many people's lives. They died or became richer or poorer or went to a new place, even after the war ended. When printing became common, it influenced developments in science, politics, religion, and other human activities

Many things can influence someone from events, social norms such as social media, and even childhood development. Childhood development has a strong influence of how are person might present themselves in the future


Existence

Existence usually means "the state or fact of being", but there are many different views on the meaning of the word existence, and what it means to exist.

In English, existence is usually connected with the verb "to be".
The first sentence can be understood to say "I "exist" as a human", and simply speaking, this is probably true. The fourth sentence is more difficult to understand, because it can be understood to say "seven "exists" as the sum of four and three", but "seven" is not something that we can see or touch like a pen or a human.

The question "What is existence?" is a very important one for philosophers, and many people think Aristotle is the first human being to have thought seriously about the question.

"" by Lawrence M. Krauss. Free Press 2012. The book discusses modern cosmogony and its implications for the debate about the existence of God. The main theme is how "we have discovered that all signs suggest a universe that could and plausibly did arise from a deeper nothing... by processes that do not require any external control or direction."


Lidl

Lidl Stiftung & Co. KG is a German food retail company. It is an international enterprise with independent national companies almost everywhere in Europe. The company owns more than 10,000 stores. 3,000 of these stores are in Germany alone, making Germany Lidl's biggest national market.

The Lidl & Schwarz Grocery Wholesale company was founded in Germany in the 1930s.

The first Lidl stores were opened in 1973, during the 1990s Lidl started to open stores outside Germany and today Lidl stores can be found in nearly every country in Europe. Lidl started its foreign expansion with entering France in 1988. The first store in the United Kingdom was opened in 1994, and now there are more than 380 stores in the UK.

Lidl supermarkets and Kaufland hypermarkets are part of the Schwarz Group which is one of the largest grocery retailers in Europe. It is based in Neckarsulm, Germany.

Asian Games

The Asian Games are a multi-sport event, held every four years between competitors from all nations of Asia. It includes a variety of sports, from soccer to alpine skiing. Like the Olympics, it has a winter event and a summer event ^^




Newton Mearns

Newton Mearns is a small town near Glasgow in Scotland. About 22,000 people live there. Since 1996 it has been part of the East Renfrewshire area.

NBA Finals

The NBA Finals, previously known as the NBA World Championship Series until 1987, is the championship series of the National Basketball Association, played under a best-of-seven playoff format. The team who wins the Eastern Conference Finals earns one of the two places in the championship round, with the other place for the team that wins the Western Conference Finals to win the Larry O’ Brien Trophy, which is named after the former commissioner. This event has been played at the end of every NBA and BAA season in history. The first was held in 1947.

The Open Championship

