The Open Championship - often known as the British Open outside the United Kingdom and Ireland - is the oldest of the four major championships in men's golf. The event is hosted annually by one of several prestigious golf clubs in the United Kingdom and is administered by The R&A regardless of its location. The next tournament, in 2013, will take place at Muirfield in Scotland.

Viennese waltz

A Viennese waltz (Valse in French, Walzer in German) is a music and dance which started in Vienna in the late 18th century. It is a ballroom dance in 3/4 time. It is the most famous of all dance forms. It became extremely popular during the 19th century, and is still danced today. Many famous composers wrote waltzes for piano or for orchestra. The rhythm of the waltz can be heard in lots of music, not just in pieces which are called a 'waltz'.

It is difficult to know exactly when the waltz started. The word comes from a German word “walzen” which means “to turn”. This is because the dancers turn around as they spin round the dance floor. There were German dances called Ländler which were simpler than the minuet and popular amongst ordinary people. The waltz developed from these dances. Schubert wrote many pieces called 'Ländler'. He also started to use the title 'Waltz'. Beethoven wrote 30 variations on a waltz that had been composed by Anton Diabelli.

Many people thought that the new dance was bad. This was because the dancing couples stood very close to one another and held one another in their arms (in the old minuet they held hands politely). Some people thought that it was very immoral and wrote angry letters to the newspapers saying that it was the end of civilised society. However, the waltz continued to be popular, and many dance halls were opened where people could waltz.

Composers became interested in the music of the waltz. Weber wrote a piece called 'Invitation to the Dance'. It has a main tune, then a set of variations, and at the end it comes back to the first tune. This form became a common way of writing a group of waltzes. Two composers in Vienna who became well known for their waltzes were Joseph Lanner (1801–1843) and Johann Strauss (1804–1849), but the most famous of all was one of Strauss’s sons, also called Johann. Father and son are sometimes called Johann Strauss I and Johann Strauss II. The son is often called the 'King of the Waltz'. He wrote many waltzes which are still very popular today. On New Year’s Day the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra always give a concert which can be seen worldwide on television. They play lots of Strauss waltzes. The most famous one is called 'The Blue Danube' (German: 'An den schönen, blauen Donau').

In the Romantic period there was hardly a composer who was not influenced by the waltz. Chopin wrote about 15 piano waltzes, some of them are very fast, some are slower and more melancholy (sad). Brahms wrote 16 waltzes for piano duet. Many composers wrote waltzes in their operas, especially when the story is about people dancing at a party. The waltz was used a lot in operettas and ballets. Tchaikovsky wrote lots of waltz music in "Swan Lake", "Sleeping Beauty" and "The Nutcracker". Even Wagner, whose music is mostly very serious, wrote a waltz in his opera "Parsifal ". The rhythm of the waltz can be heard in a lot of orchestral music, e.g. Berlioz’s "Symphonie Fantastique". The great composers Anton Bruckner and Gustav Mahler preferred to use the old German Ländler in their symphonies.

Although the 19th century was the greatest period of the waltz, people continued to write and dance waltzes in the 20th century. In his opera "Der Rosenkavalier" (1909) the German composer Richard Strauss (no relation of Johann Strauss) the story is about Vienna in the old days, and so he uses the waltz to create the feeling of a time that was past. The waltz continued to be used in a lot of operettas, e.g. by Franz Léhar in "The Merry Widow ". The French composer Maurice Ravel wrote waltzes, including a brilliant piece for orchestra which was simply called "La Valse". Like Richard Strauss in "Der Rosenkavalier", Ravel was trying to describe the music of a century ago. "La Valse" is a piece which lasts about 20 minutes in one continuous movement. Lots of different instruments have a share in playing many different tunes.

The Viennese waltz is one of the five dances in international ballroom dance. It is the only one not invented in the early 20th century. It is the only one where the figures which competitors dance is restricted. Only nine figures are permitted by the World Dance Council.


Thus in this dance marking is influenced entirely by the actual dancing, and the value of choreography is almost nil.


Musk deer

Musk deer are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals. They form the family Moschidae. There is only one genus in Moschidae, "Moschus". There are five species of musk deer, and they are all very similar. 

Musk deer are not true deer, and are classed in a different family. Unlike other deer, musk deer do not grow antlers. Instead, they have large canine teeth that reach down from the mouth. The Musk deer emits a particular odor which gives it its name.


Musk deer are about 90 centimeters long and about 60 centimeters high with a tail length of 4-6 centimeters. They weigh about 10 kilograms. Musk deer usually have dark brown fur. Males have long upper canine teeth (called tusks), which can be up to 7 cm long. Musk deer do not have antlers. Male musk deer also have a musk gland.

Musk deer live in the mountain forests of Asia, Russia, China, and the Korean Peninsula. They live in the mountains, mostly at heights of 2500 to 3500 meters. They live in dense forests.

Musk deer are mostly active at night. Musk deer eat grass and moss; in winter they also eat twigs and lichen. 

Musk deer live alone. They only come together to mate. If two male musk deer meet, they fight, during which they can seriously hurt each other with their tusk-like teeth. 

The female gives birth to 1-2 babies. A musk deer baby has spots on its fur.

Male musk deer have a gland that produces musk. Musk is used to make perfumes and soap, and it is also used in Traditional Chinese medicine. One musk gland has about 25 to 30 grams of musk. Musk deer have been hunted and killed for its musk. Because of this, musk deer have become fewer and endangered. 
Another method is to catch a living musk deer, take its musk, and let it go free again. This method takes more time, so it is not used often. There are also musk deer farms.

Himalayan musk deer

The Himalayan musk deer or white-bellied musk deer ("Moschus leucogaster") is a deer that lives in Central Asia.

Like other musk deer, the Himalayan musk deer lives in the Himalayan mountains and places around those mountains. They are large plant-eating animals that can live in cold places.

Himalayan musk deer are active at night and at dawn and dusk. They spend most of their time alone.

Himalayan musk deer all leave their feces in the same place. Scientists call this a latrine site. They do this to mark their territory, meaning to show other deer that a place belongs to them.

Scientists have seen them 3200–4200 meters above sea level. Scientists believe Himalayan musk deer like forests with a mixture of Himalayan birch and Himalayan fir trees. They like places with many different kinds of smaller plants.

Himalayan musk deer are in danger of dying out because human beings trap them for their fur and their musk pods. People use musk pods to make perfumes and in traditional medicines. When people set traps for male musk deer, they trap and kill female musk deer and fawns too. In the 21st century, one kilogram of musk pod can pay US$45,000.

FIBA Basketball World Cup

The FIBA Basketball World Cup, known as the FIBA World Championship from 1950 through 2010, is a world basketball tournament for men's national teams held once every four years by the International Basketball Federation (FIBA). After the 2014 FIBA World Cup, the tournament will move to a new four-year cycle to avoid conflict with the FIFA World Cup. To that end, no tournament will be held in 2018; the FIBA World Cup will resume in 2019.

The current champions are Spain. They defeated Argentina 95-75 in the 2019 tournament at the Cadillac Center in Beijing, China.


Notes

Ludwigsburg

Ludwigsburg is a city in the center of Baden-Württemberg. It is about from the Stuttgart city center. It is the district town and largest city of the Ludwigsburg district, as well as after Esslingen at the Neckar the second largest medium-sized town of Baden-Wuerttemberg.

Together with Kornwestheim, Ludwigsburg forms a central center for the surrounding municipalities. Since 1 April 1956, Ludwigsburg is a large district town.

Cooking oil

Cooking oil is clean fat from plants or animals that is used for cooking. It is usually a liquid. Cooking oils can either be refined or cold extracted.

Some of the many different kinds of cooking oils are:

Hulk (Marvel Comics)

The Hulk is a popular superhero in Marvel Comics. He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. There has been lots and lots of stuff made about this character, including a television show and a few movies.

The Hulk is the alter-ego of Bruce Banner, a mild-mannered scientist. One day when Bruce was working he was exposed to Gamma radiation. When he gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. The Hulk is big and large. When he turns into the Hulk all his clothes except his purple shorts rip off. The Hulk is very strong and is almost invincible. His catchphrase is, "Hulk Smash!" 

The Hulk has been portrayed by Eric Bana in Ang Lee's 2003 movie, Edward Norton in his first MCU appearance and Mark Ruffalo in the rest of his MCU appearances.


Pelican

Pelicans are a genus of large water birds of the family Pelecanidae. They have a long beak and a large throat pouch. They drain water from the contents before swallowing the fish. They have mostly pale plumage, the exceptions being the brown and Peruvian pelicans. The bills, pouches and bare facial skin of all species are brightly coloured before the breeding season. The eight living pelican species have a patchy global distribution, ranging latitudinally from the tropics to the temperate zone. They are absent from interior South America as well as from polar regions and the open ocean.


Sharpie

Sharpie is a line of permanent marker pens in the United States that are manufactured by Newell Brands.

Sharpie markers are made with many tips. The most common and popular is the Fine tip. Other tips include Ultra Fine Point, Extra Fine Point, Brush tip, Chisel tip, and Retractable tip.


Francis Ford Coppola

Francis Ford Coppola (born April 7, 1939) is an American director and movie producer. He directed the "Godfather" trilogy and the Vietnam War epic "Apocalypse Now". He is part of the group called the New Hollywood. This group includes Martin Scorsese, Terrence Malick, Robert Altman, Woody Allen, William Friedkin, Philip Kaufman, and George Lucas. In the 1970s they made movies in a different way.

Coppola was born in Detroit. At age two, he moved to Woodside, Queens, New York City.

Many of his relatives are famous. Actor Nicolas Cage is his nephew. Actress Talia Shire is his sister. Sofia Coppola is his daughter. Roman Coppola is his son. His first child Gian-Carlo Coppola died in 1986.


Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair

Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair (born 1 July 1954) is an Emirati billionaire who is chief executive of the publicly traded Mashreq Bank. His family's most valuable holding is worth an estimated US$8 billion.

Billericay

Billericay is a town in the United Kingdom. It is in the east of England in the county of Essex. It has a train station named Billericay railway station.

Billericay is a semi-rural (not like a city and not like the countryside but looks like a mixture of the two) town with many green spaces. Some green spaces are Norsey Wood, Mill Meadows Nature Reserve, Queen's Park Country Park, Sun Corner, Lake Meadows and South Green.

Towns near Billericay include:


Villages near Billericay include:


There are two high schools. The names of the schools are Billericay School and Mayflower High School. The nearest university is named Anglia Ruskin University. Anglia Ruskin University is in a town near Billericay named Chelmsford.

Billericay is twinned with these:


East of England

The East of England is a region in England. There are nine regions of England. It was made in 1994 and was used as a category for statistics in 1991. The counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk are in the region. Also Peterborough is in the region.

In 2001 the census in England found that 5,388,140 persons lived in the region. The land is mostly low. The highest place is the hill of Ivinghoe Beacon, near Tring in the county of Hertfordshire. The top of the hill is 249 metres above the level of the sea.

Regions of England

The region in England is also named the Government Office Region. It is the highest level layer of local government in England.



Prelude

A prelude is a short piece of music for a musical instrument. It is called a prelude because it is supposed to be played before something else (Latin "pre"=before; "ludere"=to play).

Preludes come from the Renaissance period, when lutenists (people who played the lute) improvised (which means playing while making it up as they were going along) a simple piece before a concert so that they could check whether their instrument was in tune. During the 16th century, composers often wrote pieces which they called a “prelude” which was often a separate piece of music. These were often for lute, guitar or cittern.

By the early 18th century, the Baroque prelude was often a piece of music which was followed by a fugue. Johann Sebastian Bach wrote lots of pieces like this, which were called “Preludes and Fugues”. Most of them were for keyboard instruments such as the harpsichord or organ. Forty-eight of them are from a collection called "The Well-Tempered Clavier", which was made up of two sets of twenty-four preludes and fugues that are each written in a different major or minor key signature. The first prelude, in C major, is very famous. It sounds like an improvisation made up of gentle broken chords like a lutenist might play. (This is the piece that Charles Gounod later used for his "Ave Maria".) Preludes were also pieces which were followed by a series of dance movements (a “suite”).

In the Classical period, not many composers wrote preludes. More preludes were composed in the 19th century (the period of Romanticism). Frédéric Chopin wrote a collection of twenty-four short piano pieces which he called “Preludes”. Just like Bach's "Well-Tempered Clavier", there is a prelude in every major and minor key signature, but unlike Bach's, these pieces are not meant to be followed by anything; they are just separate pieces of music that are often performed together. Some are not too difficult to play, but others are very hard (virtuoso).

Composers like Alexander Scriabin, Karol Szymanowski, Sergei Rachmaninoff, Claude Debussy and Olivier Messiaen wrote preludes in the style of Chopin. Other composers who wrote preludes included Felix Mendelssohn, Franz Liszt and Max Reger. There were also composers who were inspired by the music of Bach and started writing Preludes and Fugues, such as Dmitri Shostakovich, whose collection of Preludes and Fugues for piano are, just like Bach and Chopin's, written in all the major and minor keys.

There are also examples of 19th century composers who wrote short pieces for orchestra called “Preludes”. Sometimes, they wrote a short orchestral introduction to an opera which they called Prelude (or German: “Vorspiel”) instead of the usual word “overture”.


Polonaise

The polonaise is one of the fifth national Polish dance. It started as a folk dance and then became popular among the Polish nobility. It is in 3/4 time. It follows a distinctive rhythm as illustrated above. Many polonaises are composed in what is called ternary form, or song form, or minuet and trio. These forms all follow an A-B-A pattern. The music of the A sections is similar in both sections, if not exactly identical. The B section is entirely different. It provides contrast in some way to the A sections. In the courts of the aristocracy musicians would often play a polonaise from the gallery while the people danced below in the reception hall.

Polish culture was very popular and greatly influenced European dance and music as well as Europeam ballrooms. Polonaise was introduced to France in the 16th century. Composers started to write polonaises for the piano. Pieces called "Polonaise" had already been composed by Bach, Handel, François Couperin and others, but it was Frédéric Chopin who in the 19th century wrote several Polonaises for piano which became famous. Most of them are very difficult to play, especially the famous Polonaise in A flat, Op. 53. Polonaise is the French word of the dance meaning the Polish woman/girl, Polish adjective feminine, the original Polish name is Chodzony meaning „the walking dance”, or Wielki meaning "grand/great" 

Several Russian and other international composers wrote polonaises to give a Polish atmosphere, e.g. Tchaikovsky in his ballets "The Sleeping Beauty" and in his opera "Eugene Onegin ".

Elector

Elector may refer to:


Malcolm Arnold

Sir Malcolm Arnold (born Northampton, 21 October 1921; died 23 September 2006) was an English composer. He is famous for writing symphonies, concertos and movie music. People disagree about whether he is one of the really great composers, or just a very skilled musician. His music is often very tuneful, sometimes it is sentimental. He could write music very quickly. His famous music for the movie "The Bridge on the River Kwai" was composed in ten days.
In 1938 Malcolm Arnold went to the Royal College of Music to study composition with Gordon Jacob. He started his career as a trumpeter with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, later becoming principal trumpet. By the late 1940s he was concentrating on his composing career.

Arnold was composing at a time when many composers were writing music which was quite atonal which made it hard to understand, but Arnold’s music is tonal and there are many tunes which are easy to remember. He wrote nine symphonies and several concertos for different instruments, even unusual instruments like the harmonica. Some of his best orchestral works are the set of dances: "English Dances ", "Scottish Dances " and "Cornish Dances ". He also wrote 2 operas, 7 ballets and 2 string quartets. His overture "Tam O'Shanter" is very exciting. It tells in music the story in the poem by Robert Burns.

Arnold wrote music for 132 films. The most famous is "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957) for which he won an Oscar. He was the first British composer ever to have won this award. This movie includes the famous "Colonel Bogey March". This march had been written many years earlier by Kenneth J. Alford, but Arnold composed a countermelody to it. His original music for the movie includes the famous River Kwai March (this is not the same as the "Colonel Bogey March"). Other movies for which he wrote music include "The Belles of St Trinian's" (1954), "The Inn of the Sixth Happiness" (1958) and "Whistle Down the Wind" (1961). 

He was made a CBE in 1970 and was knighted in 1993.

Youth orchestras and amateur orchestras enjoy playing his works because they are an exciting mixture of classical, jazz, popular and folk music, and are not too difficult to play.

Arnold’s health was often very poor. At times he fought with alcoholism and depression, and in his later years with dementia. He had moved to Dublin in 1972, but moved back to England in 1984 and settled in Attleborough, Norfolk. His full-time carer Anthony Day helped him a lot during his final years.

Arnold died from a chest infection in September 2006.

Bowser

Bowser is a character in the "Super Mario" video games. He is the evil Koopa that takes over the Mushroom Kingdom and kidnaps Princess Peach. He is the main enemy to Mario. He has spikes on his back, breathes fire, and is bigger than normal koopas. He was ranked #1 in the Top 50 Video Game Villains of all-time list by the "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition 2013".

Bowser's first appearance was in "Super Mario Bros." as the last boss, in the last level. The first seven castles in the game had Bowsers, but they were actually his minions, who were disguised as him. The real Bowser is in the eighth castle, the last one.

Bowser's kids, called the Koopalings, were bosses in "Super Mario Bros. 3", "Super Mario World", "New Super Mario Bros. Wii", "New Super Mario Bros. 2", and "New Super Mario Bros. U". However, after "Super Mario World," The Koopalings were no longer said to be Bowser's biological kids, since they are now adopted children and Bowser Jr. is now his biological child. In "Super Mario World", Bowser appears in a clown car and throws Mecha Koopas.

When Mario moved to the Nintendo 64 with "Super Mario 64", Bowser was again the main bad guy. In the remake of this game, Super Mario 64 DS, he is fought as a boss three times.

He also appears in the Disney movie "Wreck-It Ralph".


Lars Ulrich

Lars Ulrich ( ; born 26 December 1963) is a Danish musician and songwriter best known as the drummer and co-founder of the American heavy metal band Metallica. He was born in Denmark, but moved to Los Angeles when he was seventeen.

Lars Ulrich is also known for his part in the removal of a music-sharing computer program called Napster, which he felt to be illegally using and sharing the music he and Metallica made.

Lars Ulrich stars as himself in the 2010 movie "Get Him to the Greek" starring Russell Brand. The movie is a spin-off of the 2008 movie Forgetting Sarah Marshall.



Kim Possible

Kim Possible is a Disney Channel original Emmy Award winner and Canadian cartoon series. The title character is a teenage girl tasked with fighting crime on a regular basis while coping with everyday issues commonly associated with adolescence. Kim is aided by her clumsy best friend and eventual love interest, Ron Stoppable, his pet naked mole rat Rufus, and ten year-old computer genius Wade. Known collectively as Team Possible, Kim and Ron's missions primarily require them to thwart the evil plans of the mad scientist–supervillain duo Dr. Drakken and his sidekick Shego.



Windows Live Messenger

Windows Live Messenger is an instant messenger that is the most-used in the world. It is made by the Windows Live section of Microsoft. It used to be called "MSN Messenger" before MSN was changed into Windows Live. Microsoft announced that they were retiring Windows Live Messenger (except for China) in favor of Skype.


Great Dane

The Great Dane is a large breed of dog. They are about or taller at the shoulder. Great Danes can have coats of a fawn color, black, Harlequin (a combination of black and white spots), blue, brindle, or mantle. The females are usually smaller and weight on an average of . Males are slightly larger. 

They need to be walked daily to maintain good health.



Linkin Park

Linkin Park is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. They started making music in 1996. The band became very famous with their first album, "Hybrid Theory", which was given a diamond certification by the RIAA for selling more than 10 million copies. It got multi-platinum certifications in many other countries. Their second album, "Meteora", made the band even more popular. It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart in 2003. It was promoted with concerts and giving for charities around the world. In 2003, MTV2 called Linkin Park the sixth greatest band of the music video time and the third best band of the new millennium, only beaten by Oasis and Coldplay. "Billboard" ranked Linkin Park #19 on the Best Artists of the Decade (Past 10 Years) chart.

The band used the genres nu metal and rap metal to make it suitable for radio yet heavy in layers in "Hybrid Theory" and "Meteora". The band used other types of music in their next studio album "Minutes to Midnight", which was released in 2007. The album also reached number one at the "Billboard" and had the third best beginning at number one of any album that year. The band also worked with other artists and bands. The most famous would be rapper Jay-Z in their mash-up (mixing more than one song together) extended play "Collision Course" and many other people on their remix album "Reanimation". The band's album, "A Thousand Suns", was released on 2010. They further changed their sound again. Linkin Park have sold more than 50 million albums and have won two Grammys.

The band was first made up of three friends from high school, Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson and Rob Bourdon. After high school, they started to get serious in music and added DJ Joe Hahn, bass player Dave "Phoenix" Farrell and singer Mark Wakefield to their band. They were named "Xero". Even though they have few materials, the band started recording and making songs in Shinoda's studio in his bedroom in 1996. The band started feeling uncomfortable and angry with each other after they were not able to get a contract from a major music company. Because they did not become successful, Wakefield quit so he could look for other music projects. Farrell also quit so he could perform in concerts with many bands including his old band, Tasty Snax.

After a long time without a lead singer, Xero added an Arizonan singer named Chester Bennington. Jeff Blue, the vice-president of Zomba Music in March 1999, insisted them to get Bennington. Bennington, who used to be in a post-grunge band called Grey Daze, became the most wanted among the people who wanted to be in Xero because of the strength in his voice. The band then soon changed their name from Xero to "Hybrid Theory" in 1999 and released their EP the same year. Since Shinoda and Bennington sound good together, it helped restart the band into making new music. The band restarting also led to the band changing its name again to "Linkin Park" in 2000, a tribute to Santa Monica's Lincoln Park. Even with this, they still could not get a music contract. After many record labels (music companies) rejected them, they asked Jeff Blue, now vice-president of Warner Bros. Records, to help. After not being able to sign with Warner Bros. three times, Blue helped the band finally get a contract with Warner Bros. in 1999.

Linkin Park released "Hybrid Theory" on October 24, 2000. It was the result of over four years of work. It was edited by Don Gilmore. "Hybrid Theory" was very successful in sales. It sold 4.8 million copies in the first year, and had the most sales of any album in 2001. The singles of the album are "One Step Closer", "Crawling", "Papercut" "In the End". It made them always appear on many alternative rock radios during 2001.

Other songs from the album were included in movies like "Dracula 2000", "Little Nicky", and "Valentine". Linkin Park also worked with The X-Ecutioners for the song "It's Goin' Down". "Hybrid Theory" led them to win a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance for the song "Crawling". They were also nominated for two other Grammy Awards: Best New Artist and Best Rock Album. MTV gave the band the awards of Best Rock Video and Best Direction for "In the End". Because of the band's Grammy win, the success of "Hybrid Theory" made them famous in the mainstream.

At this time, Linkin Park had many invitations for them to perform on many famous concerts and tours like Ozzfest, Family Values Tour and KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas. The band also made their own tour called "Projekt Revolution". It included others bands and singers like Cypress Hill, Adema, and Snoop Dogg. In one year, they performed at 320 concerts. The band's memorable moments and performance were shown in their first DVD, "Frat Party at the Pankake Festival". It was released in November 2001. Farrell then rejoined Linkin Park. They then began working on "Reanimation", an album that had remixes of songs from "Hybrid Theory" and their first EP. It was released on July 30, 2002. It has appearances by Black Thought, Jonathan Davis, Aaron Lewis and many other singers and rappers. It became very successful. It started at #2 at the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. It sold almost 270,000 copies during its first week. The album has only one single, "Pts.OF.Athrty", a remix of the "Hybrid Theory" song "Points of Authority". "Hybrid Theory" is also in the RIAA's "Top 100 Albums".

After "Hybrid Theory" and "Reanimation" became very successful, Linkin Park spent a lot of time performing concerts around the United States. The band started working on new music, even with a very busy schedule. They used a short part of their free time in the studio in their tour bus. The band announced that they were making their new album in April 2002, it was initially planned to release between October and December (Q4) of that year but got delayed. They also said that the title was inspired by Meteora, a rocky place in Greece. Meteora has many places of worship have been built on top of the rocks. "Meteora" shows the band mixing their nu metal and punk rap styles with new special effects. Some of them include a shakuhachi (a Japanese flute made of bamboo) and many other instruments. On March 25, 2003, they released "Meteora" and instantly became popular around the world. It reached their first #1 in the US and UK and #2 in Australia.

"Meteora" sold 800,000 albums in its first week. It ranked as the best selling album on the Billboard charts at that time. The album's singles are "Somewhere I Belong", "Faint", "Numb", "From the Inside", "Lying from You" and "Breaking the Habit". Most of them always appeared in many radio stations. By October 2003, it had sold almost 3 million copies.

Because the album was a success, the band formed yet another Projekt Revolution tour. It featured other bands and artists including Mudvayne, Blindside and Xzibit. Metallica also invited Linkin Park to play at the Summer Sanitarium Tour 2003. It included very famous bands such as Limp Bizkit, Mudvayne and Deftones. The band released their first live album and third DVD, "Live in Texas", in November 18, 2003. It includes audio and video tracks of some of the band's concerts in Texas during their tour. In early 2004, Linkin Park started a tour around the world called "Meteora World Tour". Bands that were opening concerts on the tour included Hoobastank, P.O.D., Story of the Year and Pia.

The band had many awards and honors because of "Meteora". The band won the MTV awards for Best Rock Video for "Somewhere I Belong" and the Viewer's Choice Award for "Breaking the Habit". Linkin Park also won many awards during the 2004 Radio Music Awards. They won the Artist of the Year and Song of the Year ("Numb") awards. Even though Meteora was not as popular as "Hybrid Theory", it was the third best selling album in America during 2003. The band toured in early 2004 around the world. They performed in their third Projekt Revolution tour and many European tours.

The song, Breaking the Habit will be used in the Upcoming Canadian Anime television series, GoCards! as the theme song.

After "Meteora" was successful, the band did not work on another album for over three years. Instead, they kept on performing at concerts and created side projects. Chester Bennington appeared on "State of the Art" by DJ Lethal. He also created a new band called Dead by Sunrise, with the band members of Julien K. Mike Shinoda also worked with Depeche Mode. In 2004, the band started making a remix album with Jay-Z called "Collision Course". The album, which included mash-ups of both Linkin Park and Jay-Z songs, was released in November 2004. The album's only single is "Numb/Encore", which was successful. Shinoda also created a new hip hop side project Fort Minor. With the help of Jay-Z, Fort Minor released its first album, "The Rising Tied", to very positive reviews. A the same time, the band was arguing with their record label, Warner Bros. Records. They were arguing because of many trust and money matters. After many months, the band finally made a deal with them in December 2005.

The band also did a lot of charity. They raised money to help victims and survivors of Hurricane Charley in 2004 and later Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The band donated $75,000 to the Special Operations Warrior Foundation in March 2004. They also helped efforts for the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami victims by performing in many charity concerts and starting their own charity, Music for Relief. Their most famous charity concert was Live 8, a number of concerts for charity for awareness worldwide. They performed with Jay-Z on Live 8's stage in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with an audience around the world. The band would later be reunited with Jay-Z at the 2006 Grammy Awards. Linkin Park and Jay-Z performed "Numb/Encore" with Paul McCartney who added lyrics from the song "Yesterday". "Numb/Encore" won the Best Rap/Sung Collaboration award. They would later perform at the 2006 Summer Sonic music festival, which was hosted by Metallica in Japan.

In 2006, Linkin Park returned to the recording studio and began writing new songs. They chose producer Rick Rubin to help in the new album. Even when they said that the album will be released in 2006, the album was pushed to 2007 after realizing that they could not finish it in time. The band had recorded thirty to fifty songs in August 2006. Shinoda said the album was halfway done. Bennington also said that the new album will no longer show their famous nu metal sound. Warner Bros. then officially announced new album's title, "Minutes to Midnight". It was released in May 15, 2007 in the United States. After 14 months of working on the album, they wanted to make the album better by taking five songs out from the original seventeen tracks. The album's title was a reference to Doomsday Clock. The title also suggested the album's lyrics and topics. The album sold more than 625,000 in its first week. It is one of the most successful starts for an album in recent years. The album also went to #1 on the Billboard Charts.

The album's first single, "What I've Done", was released on April 2, 2007. The music video premiered on MTV and Fuse at the same week. The single was loved by listeners, becoming #1 on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks and Mainstream Rock Tracks charts. The song is also in the soundtrack for the 2007 movie "Transformers". Shinoda was also in on the Styles of Beyond song "Second to None" which was also included in the movie. Later in the year, the band won the "Favorite Alternative Artist" in the American Music Awards. The albums's other singles are "Bleed It Out", "Shadow of the Day", "Given Up" and "Leave Out All the Rest". They were released from 2007 to 2008, and were successful. The band also made a single with Busta Rhymes called "We Made It", which was released on April 29, 2008.

The band's concerts included a performance at Live Earth Japan on July 7, 2007. and at Download Festival in Donington Park, England and Edgefest in Downsview Park, Toronto, Canada. The band finished their fourth Projekt Revolution tour. After that, they performed concerts at many arenas around the UK, including Nottingham, Sheffield and Manchester. They performed for two nights at the O2 arena in London. Bennington also said that the band will make a new album after "Minutes to Midnight". However, he said that the band will first perform in the United States so they can have ideas for the next album. He told "Rolling Stone" that the band already started writing for the album. Shinoda also said that the album will be released in the last part of 2009. Shinoda also announced a live CD/DVD called "", which was released November 24, 2008. It was recorded from their Projekt Revolution concert at the Milton Keynes Bowl on June 29, 2008. The band also released "Songs From the Underground", a compilation of previously unreleased songs.

In May 2009, the band said that they were working on a fourth studio album. They planned it to be released on 2010. Shinoda told IGN that the new album would be 'genre-busting.' They were taking themes and sounds from "Minutes to Midnight" He also mentioned that the album would have more experiments and advanced than their other albums. Bennington also confirmed that Rick Rubin will return as a producer of the new album.

While working on the new album, Linkin Park worked with famous movie music composer Hans Zimmer to make the music for the movie "". The band released a new single for the movie called "New Divide". Hahn directed the song's music video. It has scenes from the movie. In June 2009, the band performed at Westwood Village after the first showing of the movie. After finishing work on the movie, the band returned to the studio to finish their album. In late 2009, Bennington's band Dead by Sunrise finally released their album "Out of Ashes".

On January 19, 2010, the band released a new song entitled "Not Alone". It was part of a compilation from Music for Relief called "Download to Donate for Haiti". The compilation was to help the people hurt in the 2010 Haiti earthquake. On February 10, 2010, the band released the official music video for the song. On April 26, the band released a game for the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad, a game called "8-Bit Rebellion!" In the game, the band members are characters that can be played. After beating the game, a new song called "Blackbirds" will be unlocked. The song was also later released as an iTunes bonus track on their new album.

The band later revealed their new album's title is "A Thousand Suns". It was released on September 14. The album's first single was "The Catalyst", released on August 2. The band performed at many concerts so that it can have attention. They started in Los Angeles on September 7. The band also used MySpace to get attention for their album. They released two songs called "Waiting for the End" and "Blackout" on September 8. They also made a "making of" of the album, entitled "Meeting of A Thousand Suns". It was also shown in their MySpace page. It was included in the album's deluxe edition. On August 31, it was told that the band would perform the song live for the first time live at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards on September 12, 2010. They performed the song at the Griffith Observatory. It was a famous place used in many movies. The album reached #1 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The album's other singles were "Waiting for the End", "Burning in the Skies" and "Iridescent". On April 13, 2011, Shinoda said that "Iridescent" is part of the soundtrack of the movie "". This continued Linkin Park songs being the theme songs of the "Transformers" movies (after "What I've Done" and "New Divide").

The band did more charity work. On January 11, 2011, they started the new version of "Download to Donate for Haiti". It was called "Download to Donate for Haiti V2.0", with more songs to download. For the new compilation, the band released a remix of "The Catalyst" by Keaton Hashimoto from the "Linkin Park featuring YOU" contest. Shinoda designed two T-shirts, so that the money earned will help the victims of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami disasters. Music For Relief also released "Download to Donate: Tsunami Relief Japan", another compilation of songs. The money earned went to Save the Children to help the victims.

The album helped the band reach many year-end positions. Linkin Park reached No.8 in "Billboard" Social 50, a chart of artists that use many social networking sites. In other "Billboard" Year-End charts, the band reached No.92 in the "Top Artists" chart, as well as "A Thousand Suns" reaching No.53 in the Year-End chart of the "Billboard" Top 200 albums and No.7 in the 2010 Year-End Rock Albums, and "The Catalyst" reaching No.40 in the Year-End Rock Songs chart. The band charted in many "Billboard" Year-End charts in 2011. The band was No.39 in the Top Artists Chart, No.84 in the "Billboard" 200 Artists chart, No.11 in the Social 50 Chart, No.6 in the Top Rock Artists Chart, No.9 in the Rock Songs Artists Chart, No.16 in the Rock Albums Chart, No.4 in the Hard Rock Albums Chart, and No.7 in the Alternative Songs Chart.

In 2012, The band released "Living Things", which saw an exploration into a more electronica based sound. From this album came the songs "Castle of Glass", which was used in the 2012 videogame "Medal of Honor: Warfighter", "Roads Untraveled", which was used in the 2014 film "Need For Speed", and "Powerless", which was used in the 2012 film "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter."

Like the last album, this one explored a lot of different sounds. Some fans loved it, and others disliked it. The album itself sold over 2.5 Million copies as of 2013. It quickly rose to No. 1 in the Billboard Top 200 Chart. An extremely successful album for the band, they went on to tour for the next few years.

In 2014, the band once again decided to change their style for the new album. Mike Shinoda stated that he wished to create a more traditional Rock sound after listening to the radio one day. The band decided to make the music that "they" wanted to hear. The album was explosive, loud and possibly the heaviest they had been yet.

They decided not to have Rick Rubin produce this album, for the first time in 3 consecutive albums. It features guest appearances by Page Hamilton of the band "Helmet", rapper Rakim, Daron Malakian of the band "System of a Down", and Tom Morello of the band "Rage Against the Machine".

The album produced five singles; "Guilty All the Same", "Until It's Gone", "Wastelands", "Rebellion", and "Final Masquerade".

It was well received by critics and fans alike, and reached No. 3 on Billboard 200.

In early 2017, the band released the new single from their latest album, called "Heavy", featuring new artist Kiiara.

Fans immediately reacted with polarised responses. Some loved the new direction taken by the band, which can be described as "Poppy", whereas others disliked it, calling Linkin Park "Sellouts". The Official Lyrics video got some of the highest dislikes of any Linkin Park video on YouTube. Frustrated with the response from fans, Chester Bennington became angry on several occasions, though publicly apologized later on, saying that he understands the fans' perspective, is grateful to all of their fans, and that he should rethink his own perspective.

Despite the polarizing response from critics and fans alike, the album became extremely successful. Like before, it reached No. 1 on Billboard 200, and was certified gold in several countries.

The album features Kiiara, Pusha T, and Stormzy as special guest artists.

After touring "The Hunting Party", the band decided to write songs with outside help. They teamed up with several big names in the music industry, with a focus on writing lyrics before music, something they had not really experimented with before. They said that they wanted to attempt to do away with any notion of genre.

When strangely ridiculed about the lack of guitar and drums on the album, based purely on their first release of "Heavy", Brad Delson responded by saying that actually, there is a lot of guitar in the album. He then went on to list the songs "Sharp Edges", "Invisible" and "Sorry For Now" as having lots of layers of different guitars each.

The album produced several singles; "Heavy", "Talking to Myself" and "One More Light", the song for which the album is named. This is the first time that Linkin Park have named an album after a song.

Mike Shinoda described the album as "risky". The band had been following a traditionally rock oriented sound, and this marked a big change from that style.

Instead of focusing on anger, betrayal or other negative emotions, as they had been known for in the past, many of the songs focus on family, friends, and emotions. For instance, the songs "Invisible" and "Sorry For Now" both focus on the band member's children, and the title song "One More Light" is about remembering, and caring about someone after they have died.

Chester Bennington's close friend and musician Chris Cornell committed suicide by hanging. When Chester heard the news, it made him extremely upset, as the pair had known each other for years. Cornell had performed on stage with Bennington in the past, and was even the godfather of some of his children.

The loss of his friend affected him and the band so much that they decided to perform the song "One More Light" in his memory at the "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Show in Los Angeles, rather than perform a more commercially viable song from the album. It was a fitting song for them at that time because of its themes of dealing with the loss of a friend or loved one. After his death, Bennington said "I can't imagine a world without you in it" about Cornell.

Chester began to talk more openly about some of his struggles. He had previously revealed that he was a victim of child abuse and rape, but also talked about his mental issues, as well as his battles with drugs and alcohol. He described his depression and anxiety in several talk shows, and stated that he sometimes feels very upset with himself.

At Cornell's funeral, Chester sang Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah".

Midway through the "One More Light Tour", On July 20th 2017, Linkin Park released a music video for "Talking to Myself" on YouTube. They were unaware that the same morning, Chester Bennington had died in his home in Los Angeles at the age of 41. News reports surfaced across the internet, and fans began to panic.

On Twitter, Mike Shinoda posted:"Shocked and heartbroken, but it's true. An official statement will come out as soon as we have one".His death was ruled as a suicide by hanging. A half-empty bottle of alcohol was found at the scene, but no other drugs were found. His housekeeper discovered his body around 9:00 a.m. PDT.

The band, friends, family and fans all paid tribute to Chester. A trending Twitter hashtag surfaced, "#RIPChester", which was used several million times, and simply listening to Linkin Park songs, fans managed to populate, and even completely fill charts with many classic Linkin Park songs, even some from "Meteora" and "Hybrid Theory", which at the time were over 13 years old. Remembrance events were held by fans, who attended in their thousands, paying tribute to the late artist by singing songs, lighting candles and creating memorials to Chester.

His funeral was held on July 29th, at South Botanic Garden in Palos Verdes, California. Many musical tributes were held in his memory, and he was buried there.

On September 18th 2017, Linkin Park released the music video for the song "One More Light", dedicated to Chester. The song has gained nearly 1 million likes on YouTube, and has had 27 million views.





0s BC

The 0s BC, also known as the last decade BC, only had nine years which began in 9 BC and ended in 1 BC. It was the decade before Jesus Christ was born.


Bissau

Bissau is the capital city of Guinea-Bissau. It is also the largest city in the country; around 355,000 people live there. The city is where the Geba river flows into the Atlantic Ocean. 

The city was built by the Portuguese in 1687. It became the capital of Portuguese Guinea in 1942, and has been the capital since independence was declared, except for a short time in 1973 and 1974 when the capital was at Boe. Bissau is famous for having a carnival every year. 

The main things that come from here are peanuts, wood, coconut meat, palm oil, and rubber.

1699

1699 was a common year starting on Thursday in the Gregorian calendar, and a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.




Bamberg

Bamberg (, , ; East Franconian: "Bambärch", archaic: "Babenberg") is a town in the region of Upper Franconia, Bavaria, and the seat of the district administration Bamberg. 

The town has about 70,000 inhabitants. Bamberg is an university city and administrative city. Its Lord Mayor is Andreas Starke (SPD). Beside being a modern regional centre, the city also has a cultural and historical side.

Bamberg is a famous town because it has many buildings which are very old. The basic structure of the town remained untouched through the centuries. Unlike most other German towns (such as Nürnberg), it was little damaged in World War II. Only 4.6% was totally ruined. The town centre is protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Bamberg is like Rome because it is built on seven hills, each one with a church at the top. The cathedral (Dom) is on the main hill. For hundreds of years the prince-bishops of the cathedral ruled over the land. This continued until the beginning of the 19th century after which they just continued in their religious function as archbishops. 

The town centre below is built by the banks of the river Regnitz which splits into two parts. The left arm of the river is where the old town centre lies. The right arm is the Main-Danube Canal (Main-Donau-Kanal), which allows big ships to travel from the river Main to the Danube.

Many tourists visit the beautiful city of Bamberg. A good place to start is by the statue of Neptune in the pedestrian precinct. The Bambergers call this statue Gabelmann because Neptune is holding his three-pronged fork (“Gabel”). 

The area here is called the Grüner Markt (Green Market). This place became centre of the bourgeois settlement which developed around it. Very close by is a big square called Maximiliansplatz. It is very lively here on market days. People eat the traditional sausages which are cooked at the sausage stall, and drink Bamberg beer. There used to be a church at the north-west end, but it was destroyed in 1806 at the time when the archbishops lost their political power. The patronage of St. Martin was taken over by the former Jesuit church which was built by the architect Georg Dientzenhofer until 1693, situated at the Green Market.

The names of nearby streets tell a lot about the town history. There is the Fischstrasse (Fish Street) where fishermen used to live. This leads down to the left arm of the river Regnitz where one can see the place where the boats used to stop to load and unload their goods. There is an old slaughterhouse. The Old Canal (Alter Kanal) runs along the east side of town, making a large island on which there are some very old buildings. The oldest buildings, dating from the 16th century, were built by tanners who became quite rich through their trade of making leather.

Bamberg’s Old Town Hall was built in the middle of the river Regnitz. It is not on the island, but it is was built by the people who drove huge beams of wood into the riverbed. Their town hall therefore stood between the south-west bank where the bishops ruled and the north-east bank where the ordinary tradespeople lived. 

The Old Town Hall is the most-often photographed building of Bamberg. There are two bridges here for pedestrians: the Upper and Lower Bridge. The ancient Lower Bridge passes through the archway of the town hall. On one side there are beautiful Baroque paintings. On the other side one can still see the medieval black-and-white walls. This side was also plastered over with paintings in the Baroque times, but when a bridge nearby was blown up in World War II the plaster fell off, so it is now kept with the original medieval walls showing.
Up a steep climb on a cobbled street is the Cathedral Square (Domplatz). All the buildings around the square are made from the local sandstone, although they date from different periods. Bamberg Cathedral (called Kaiserdom i.e. Emperor Cathedral) shows Romanesque and Gothic architecture. 

Everyone should have seen the world-famed Rider or Bamberg horseman inside and many other medieval sandstone figures as well. The Ratsstube is built in the Renaissance style. The Alte Hofhaltung is medieval. It is a 15th century courtyard with a long row of two-storey buildings with a wooden gallery. Across the street from there is the New Residence (Neue Residenz) which is a Baroque palace. A walk through here leads into the famous Rose Garden (Rosengarten). From here one can see Abbey Church of St Michael at the very top of the hill. Just below, going back towards the river, is the Sandstrasse famous for its pubs and night life.

Bamberg is home to the world-famous Bamberger Symphoniker who perform in a new concert hall a short distance from the town centre. There are also many other music groups, including the Musica Canterey Bamberg who perform old music in some of the historical buildings. 

The 19th century German writer E.T.A.Hoffmann lived in Bamberg. There is a new theatre in the town centre which is named after him.

There is also an important library, the Bamberg State Library.

Bamberg has a railway station from where one can travel to other large towns such as Würzburg, Munich, Nuremberg, Leipzig, Berlin and Hamburg as well as to other towns in eastern Upper Franconia such as Forchheim, Lichtenfels, Coburg, and Kronach.

Bamberg is served by Bamberg-Breitenau Airfield. At "Flugplatz Bamberg-Breitenau" are operating mostly public aircraft, although it is classificated as a military airport (IATA-Code: ZCD, ICAO-Code: ETEJ). 
It is also possible to charter public flights to and from this airport. 
Most international tourists who travel by plane arrive at Frankfurt International Airport or Munich Airport. The nearest bigger airport is Nuremberg Airport which can be reached within half an hour by car or one hour by train.

Bamberg has a problem with road traffic because, although there is a bypass, it cannot go all the way round the town because of the hills. Traffic is not allowed in many streets in the town centre. There is no parking allowed in the beautiful Domplatz except on Sundays.

Because Bamberg is on a river, transport by boat has always been important. The Rhine-Main-Danube Canal begins near Bamberg. It was completed in 1992 and makes it possible for boats to travel from the North Sea to the Black Sea.

In the town itself many people travel by bus. There is also a Park-and-Ride system.

There is a University in Bamberg. About 9000 students study there. The university is spread over lots of buildings in the town centre. It is a good way to make use of many of the large, historical buildings.

There are good schools in Bamberg including 8 Gymnasien. Pupils often choose which one to go to according to the subjects they are good at, because each school is strong in a particular area: science, music, language etc.



Bamberg is famous for its beer. There are ten breweries in the town, of which the most famous is Schlenkerla which makes smoked beer (Rauchbier).

The ten breweries are:



Diving

Diving is a form of movement downwards, either from air to ground or to water. Diving is also a sport. Diving is often done from a springboard or an elevated platform. 

Underwater diving includes Scuba diving. Scuba diving, however, is typically not considered a sport. Dives used for scuba diving are relatively simplistic. An example of this is a giant stride entry, also known as a stride dive.

There are six different types of dives, and four different body positions that a person can use when diving. 

There are six different types of dives. Four of the types depend on whether the diver is facing towards the water or away from the water, and if they rotate towards or away from the water. The other two dives can be a part of the first four. For example, a diver can do a "inward twisting" or a "forward armstand" dive. The basic types of dives are:

The four different body positions are tuck, pike, straight and free. 

Dives are put into categories, based on the Direction the dive is in, and what Position it is in.
Every Half flip the number on the end goes up by one
For example: *Front dive Tuck is a 101c


Celle

Celle () is a town and capital of the district of Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The town is on the banks of the river Aller, a tributary of the Weser.

The town of Celle is in the glacial valley of the Aller, about northeast of Hanover, northwest of Brunswick and south of Hamburg. With 71,000 inhabitants it is, next to Lüneburg, the largest Lower Saxon town between Hanover and Hamburg.

The town covers an area of . Flowing from the northeast, the Lachte discharges into the Aller within the town's borders, as does the Fuhse flowing from the southeast. The Aller heads westwards towards Verden an der Aller where it joins the Weser.

The town of Celle has the following 17 boroughs or "Stadtteile", some of which were previously independent villages (population as at 1 January 2005): Altencelle (4,998), Altenhagen (922), Blumlage/Altstadt (8,526), Bostel (455), Boye (832), Garßen (2,978), Groß Hehlen (2,773), Hehlentor (7,974), Hustedt (736), Klein Hehlen (5,782), Lachtehausen (639), Neuenhäusen (8,082), Neustadt/Heese (10,887), Scheuen (1,165), Vorwerk (2,842), Westercelle (7,183) and Wietzenbruch (4,805).


Celle is twinned with:


Aurich

Aurich (; East Frisian Low Saxon: "Auerk", West Frisian: "Auwerk", ) is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Aurich and is the second largest City in East Frisia, both in population, after Emden, and in area, after Wittmund.

Aurich is twinned with:


Cloppenburg

Cloppenburg () is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, capital of Cloppenburg District and part of Oldenburg Münsterland. It is 38 km south-south-west of Oldenburg in the Weser-Ems region between Bremen and the Dutch border.

Cloppenburg is twinned with:


Pulsar

Pulsars are neutron stars which spin rapidly and produce huge electromagnetic radiation along a narrow beam. Neutron stars are very dense, and have short, regular spins. This produces a very precise interval between pulses that range from roughly milliseconds to seconds for an individual pulsar. The pulse can only be seen if the Earth is close enough to the direction of the beam. Similar to how you can only see a lighthouse when the beam is shining at your direction.

The pulses match the star's turns. The spinning causes a lighthouse effect, as the radiation is only seen at short intervals. Werner Becker of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics recently said,

The first pulsar was discovered in 1967. It was discovered by Jocelyn Bell Burnell and Antony Hewish. They worked at the University of Cambridge. The observed emission had pulses separated by 1.33 seconds. The pulses all came from the same place in the sky. The source kept to sidereal time. At first, they did not understand why pulsars have a regular change in the strength of radiation. The word "pulsar" is short for "pulsating star".

This original pulsar, now called CP 1919, produces radio wavelengths, but pulsars have later been found to produce radiation in the X-ray and/or gamma ray wavelengths.

In 1974, Antony Hewish became the first astronomer to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics. Controversy occurred because he was awarded the prize while Bell was not. She had made the initial discovery while she was his Ph.D. student. Bell claims no bitterness upon this point, supporting the decision of the Nobel prize committee. "Some people call it the No-Bell prize because they feel so strongly that Jocelyn Bell Burnell should have shared in the award".

In 1974, Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr. and Russell Hulse discovered for the first time a pulsar in a binary system. This pulsar orbits another neutron star with an orbital period of just eight hours. Einstein's theory of general relativity predicts that this system should emit strong gravitational radiation, causing the orbit to continually contract as it loses orbital energy. Observations of the pulsar soon confirmed this prediction, providing the first ever evidence of the existence of gravitational waves. As of 2010, observations of this pulsar continue to agree with general relativity. In 1993, the Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded to Taylor and Hulse for the discovery of this pulsar.

Astronomers know that there are three different kinds of pulsars:

Although all three kinds of objects are neutron stars, the things that they can be seen to do and the physics that causes this are very different. But there are some things that are similar. For example, X-ray pulsars are probably old rotation-powered pulsars that have already lost most of their energy, and can only be seen again after their binary companions expanded and matter from them started falling onto the neutron star. The process of accretion (matter falling onto the neutron star) can in turn give enough angular momentum energy to the neutron star to change it into a rotation-powered :millisecond pulsar.

Precise clock
For some millisecond pulsars, the regularity of pulsation is more precise than an atomic clock.
This stability allows millisecond pulsars to be used in establishing ephemeris time, or building pulsar clocks.

"Timing noise" is the name for rotational irregularities observed in all pulsars. This timing noise is observable as random wandering in the pulse frequency or phase. It is unknown whether timing noise is related to pulsar glitches.

The study of pulsars has resulted in many uses in physics and astronomy. Major examples include the proof of gravitational radiation as forecasted by general relativity and the first proof of exoplanets. In the 1980s, astronomers measured pulsar radiation to prove that the North American and European continents are drifting away from one another. This movement is evidence of plate tectonics.




Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords

Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords is a RPG video game set in the "Star Wars" expanded universe. It was developed by Obsidian Entertainment and was released in December 2004 on Xbox video game console and in February 2005 on PC.

Developed with the Odissey Engine, the game is set five years after KotOR, or 3.951 BBY. After the Jedi Civil War, Revan left the Galaxy to find something in the unknown areas, something that could be a threat to the Old Republic. There are less than 100 Jedi left in the Galaxy after the brutal war against Darth Malak. They are killed, one by one, by Sith assassins who attack from the shadows.

The player takes the role of the "Jedi Exile", believed to be the last Jedi or one of the last.
The player will meet several companions who will join him in his quest depending on his alignment and on the gender the player has chosen for his character. The Exile can eventually meet up to 11 characters: Kreia, Atton Rand, Bao-Dur, The Handmaiden (if the player is set to male), The Disciple (if the player is set to female), Mira (if the player is set to light-side), Hanharr (if the player is set to dark-side), T3-M4, HK-47, G0-T0, and Mandalore.

Julius Caesar (play)

The Tragedy of Julius Caesar is a play by William Shakespeare. It is about the assassination of Julius Caesar in 44 BC. 
Shakespeare based his play on stories in Plutarch's "Life of Brutus and Life of Caesar". The play was probably written in 1599. It was first published in 1623 in the First Folio, a collection of all of Shakespeare's plays.

The play was probably one of Shakespeare's first plays to be performed at the Globe Theatre. The theatre had just been built. A Swiss traveller saw a tragedy about Julius Caesar at a London theatre on 21 September 1599. This was probably Shakespeare's play.

The play has been made into movies three times. In a 1950 movie, Charlton Heston played Mark Antony. In a 1953 movie, James Mason played Brutus and Marlon Brando played Antony. In a 1970 movie, Jason Robards played Brutus, Charlton Heston played Antony again, and John Gielgud played Caesar.


Twisted Sister

Twisted Sister is an American metal band. They were popular in the 1980's with their music videos "We're Not Gonna Take it" and "I Wanna Rock". Originally a glam rock band influenced by New York Dolls, when Dee Snider came they moved to a heavy metal direction.



1630

1630 is a year in the 17th century.




Paul Biya

Paul Biya (born Paul Barthélemy Biya'a bi Mvondo; 13 February 1933) is a Cameroonian politician. He is the President of Cameroon. He has been the country's president since 6 November 1982.

Biya was born in the village of Mvomeka'a in Cameroon. At that time, the country was called French Cameroon. He studied in France, at the Sorbonne and the Institut d'études politiques de Paris, both in Paris. He graduated in 1961 with a bachelor's degree in public law and a diploma in international relations.

After graduating, Biya returned to Cameroon and worked in the government. In 1975, the President Ahmadou Ahidjo gave the job of Prime Minister to Biya. When President Ahidjo resigned on November 6, 1982, Biya became president of the country. Shortly afterwards, Ahidjo and Biya began feuding, and Ahidjo was forced to leave Cameroon.

Biya was elected as the President of Cameroon in 1984, 1988, 1992, 1997 and 2004, but other parties only have been allowed to enter the elections since 1992. The results many of these election results have been called fraudulent (achieved through unfair or illegal ways). 

Many international organizations, including Amnesty International, have criticized Biya's government for restricting the freedom of the people of Cameroon. These issues include control of the media (newspapers and radio and television stations) and violations of human rights. Biya's supporters point to the country's stability and high literacy rate.

Biya is currently the longest-ruling non-royal leader in the world and the oldest ruler in Sub-Saharan Africa after Robert Mugabe stepped down during the 2017 Zimbabwean coup d'état.


International Olympic Committee

The International Olympic Committee (IOC; French: Comité international olympique, CIO) is an organization based in Lausanne, Switzerland, created by Pierre de Coubertin and Demetrios Vikelas on June 23 1894 to reinstate the Ancient Olympic Games held in Greece between 776 BC to 393 AD. Its membership is 203 National Olympic Committee. It is the committee to support and promote participation in sports throughout the world.


Confederation of African Football

The Confederation of African Football often referred to as just CAF, is the organization that controls African football.



Oceania Football Confederation

The Oceania Football Confederation, often referred to as just OFC , is the organization that controls Oceania football (soccer).

New Zealand is the OFC's biggest federation.

Since Australia left the OFC in 2006 to join the AFC, the members of the OFC are:



Ludwigsburg Rural District

Ludwigsburg is a district in Baden-Württemberg. 

It is the region Stuttgart in the Stuttgart Government Region. Seat of the district is the former "württembergische Residenzstadt" (Royal Württemberg City) of Ludwigsburg, the largest city of the district.


1260s

The 1260s is a decade. It started on 1 January 1260 and ended on 31 December 1269.

Kublai Khan became the supreme leader (a title for their leader) of the Mongol Empire and moved his capital to Beijing. He was at war with the southern Chinese Song Dynasty. The Mongol Empire lost some of its battles. The first time it lost a battle with Kublai Khan as the leader was in Palestine when fighting the Mamluks of Egypt. The Empire also lost in the Caucasus. The Mamluks were led by their new sultan Baibars. The Mamluks were soon were more in control in the Middle East because they took control of a number of crusader states and also stopped the Mongol attacks from happening as much. The Empire of Nicaea took control of Constantinople and also the Latin Empire so it again became the Byzantine Empire.

In Europe there was problems in politics. Arguments about who was the owner of what land let to many wars in the continent. In England there was the Second Barons' War. This was a civil war between the aristocracy who did not like how the King named Henry III behaved. This was because the King wanted absolute monarchy. King Otakar II of Bohemia became the most important prince in Europe. He got more land by fighting wars and also when his family died some of their land became his. Iceland and Greenland knew of and recognised the overlordship of Norway but when the Norse invaded Scotland the Scottish were able to stop them and they made peace. In Spain the Reconquista was still happening and several important cities were captured again from the Moors. The way the pope was elected was made better. The parliaments of Ireland and England met for the first time.

Several important cultural achievements were made in the decade. Roger Bacon published important scientific work named "Opus Majus." Also, Thomas Aquinas published "Summa contra Gentiles". Important pices of architecture and sculptures were made in cathedrals in Europe. These include the Cathedral of Chartres and Nicola Pisano's pulpits for the Duomo di Siena and Pisa's Baptistery. In religion, the Sukhothai kingdom in Thailand adopted Buddhism as its official religion. In Europe anti-Semitism became worse because several authorities made laws which said that Jewish people must wear yellow badges so people knew who they were. Many Jewish people were killed in England and the Talmud was attacked and censored by the Catholic Church.









Dessau

Dessau is a town and former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. The next larger cities are Halle, about 40 km southwest, Leipzig, about 52 km south and Magdeburg, about 54 km northwest. The city became well known for its college of architecture Bauhaus ("Architecture House" or "Building House" related to the German verb for "build") founded by Walter Gropius in Weimar. In July 2007 it was merged with Roßlau to the new city of Dessau-Roßlau.

Weissenfels

Weißenfels was the capital city of the old Weißenfels Rural District in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, until the district changes of 2007. The King of Saxony used to live here. It is about southwest of Leipzig.

Growth in number of people over the years:

Constitution of the United States

The United States Constitution is the highest law of the United States of America. It was signed on September 17, 1787 by the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Later, it was put into effect, or ratified, by representatives of the people of the first 13 states. When nine of the states ratified the document, they created a union of sovereign states, and a federal government for that union. That government started on March 4, 1789, which took the place of the Articles of Confederation.

The Constitution of the United States is the oldest federal constitution now in use. Of all the countries in the world, only San Marino's constitution is "in part" older, from 1600. Some countries also have an "uncodified" constitution containing older documents, such as the United Kingdom, and also Saudi Arabia, which claims the Quran as its constitution. 

Since 1787, changes have been made to the United States Constitution 27 times by amendments (changes). The first ten of these amendments are together called the Bill of Rights and came into effect in 1791. The most recent, the 27th amendment, came into effect in 1992, although it was proposed already in 1789. Making an amendment is very difficult, and demands a two-thirds majority vote in US Congress and ratification (agreement) by three-fourths of all 50 states. However, the Supreme Court has changed its interpretation of the constitution, which in effect changes what the text means and how it effects other laws, more often than actual amendments. 

When it was signed in 1787, the Constitution had a preamble and seven main parts, called articles.

The Preamble states:

The Preamble is not a law. It gives the reasons for writing the Constitution. The Preamble is one of the best-known parts of the Constitution. The first three words, "We the people," are used very often. The six intentions that are listed are the goals of the Constitution.

Article One says that the United States Congress (the legislative branch) will make the laws for the United States. Congress has two parts, called "Houses": the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. This Article says who can be elected to each part of Congress, and how they are elected.

The House of Representatives has members elected by the people in each State. The number of members from each State depends on how many people live there. Each member of the House of Representatives is elected for two years.

The Senate has two members, called the legislators, from each state, no matter how many people live there. Each Senator is elected for six years. The original Constitution allowed the state legislatures to choose the Senators, but this was changed later by the Seventeenth Amendment.

Article One also says how the Congress will do its business and what kinds of laws it can make. It lists some kinds of laws the Congress and the states cannot make.

Article One also makes rules for Congress to impeach and remove from office the President, Vice President, judges, and other government officers.

Article Two says that the President, Vice President, and executive offices (the executive branch) will carry out the laws made by Congress. This article says how the President and Vice President are elected, and who can be elected to these offices. The President and Vice President are elected for four years by a special Electoral College chosen by the states. The Vice President takes over as President if the President dies, resigns, or is unable to serve.

Article Two also says that the President is the Commander-in-Chief in charge of the United States military. He can make treaties with other countries, but these must be approved by two-thirds of the Senate. He appoints judges, ambassadors, and other officers, but the Senate also must approve these appointments. The President can also veto bills. However, Congress can override the veto and make the bill into a law anyway.

Article Three says there will be a court system (the judicial branch), which includes the Supreme Court. The Article says that Congress can decide which federal courts, besides the Supreme Court, are needed.

Article Three says what kinds of "cases and controversies" these courts can decide. It also requires trial by jury in all criminal cases, and defines the crime of treason.

Article Four is about the states. It says that all states must give "full faith and credit" to the laws of the other states. It also says that state governments must treat citizens of other states as fairly as they treat their own citizens, and must send arrested people back if they have been charged with a crime in another state and fled.

Article Four also says that Congress can make new states. There were only 13 states in 1787. Now there are 50 United States. It says Congress can make rules for Federal property and can govern territories that have not yet been made into states. Article Four says the United States must make sure that each state has a republican form of government, and protect the states from invasion and violence.

Article Five gives two ways to amend, or change, the Constitution. 
Any change that is written by Congress or by a convention must be sent to the state legislatures or to state conventions for their approval. Congress decides whether to send a change to the legislatures or to conventions. Three-fourths of the states must approve a change for it to become part of the Constitution.

An amendment can change any part of the Constitution, except one—no amendment can change the rule that each state has an equal number of Senators in the United States Senate.

Article Six says that the Constitution, and the laws and treaties of the United States, are higher than any other laws. It also says that all federal and state officers must swear to "support" the Constitution.

Article Seven says that the new government under the Constitution would not start until conventions in at least nine states approved the Constitution.

Since 1787, Congress has written 33 amendments to change the Constitution, but the states have ratified only 27 of them.

The first ten amendments are called the Bill of Rights. They were argued over during the Constitutional Convention of 1787, but it wasn't until 1791 that they were ratified by two-thirds of the states. These ten additions or changes all limited the power of the federal government. They are:

After the Bill of Rights, there are 17 more changes to the Constitution that were made at different times.








Spacetime

Spacetime or space–time is a mathematical model that joins space and time into a single idea called a continuum. This four-dimensional continuum is known as Minkowski space. 

Combining these two ideas helped cosmology to understand how the universe works on the big level (e.g. galaxies) and small level (e.g. atoms).

In non-relativistic classical mechanics, the use of Euclidean space instead of space–time is good, because time is treated as universal with a constant rate of passage which is independent of the state of motion of an observer. 

But in a relativistic universe, time cannot be separated from the three dimensions of space. This is because the observed rate at which time passes depends on an object's velocity relative to the observer. Also, the strength of any gravitational field slows the passage of time for an object "as seen by an observer outside the field".

Wherever matter exists, it bends the geometry of spacetime. This results in a curved shape of space-time which can be understood as gravity. The white lines on the picture on the right represent the effect of mass on space-time.

In classical mechanics, the use of spacetime is optional, as time is independent of motion in the three dimensions of Euclidean space. However, when a body is moving at speeds close to the speed of light (relativistic speeds), time cannot be separated from the three dimensions of space. Time, from the point of view of a stationary observer, depends on how close to the speed of light the object is moving.

Many people link space-time with Albert Einstein, who proposed special relativity in 1905. However, it was Einstein's teacher, Hermann Minkowski, who suggested space-time, in a 1908 essay. 
His concept of Minkowski space is the earliest treatment of space and time as two aspects of a unified whole, which is the essence of special relativity. He hoped this new idea would clarify the theory of special relativity. 

Minkowski spacetime is only accurate at describing constant velocity. It was Einstein, though, who discovered the curvature of space-time (gravity) in general relativity. In general relativity, Einstein generalized Minkowski space-time to include the effects of acceleration. Einstein discovered that the curvature in his 4-dimensional space-time representation was actually the cause of gravity. 

The 1926 thirteenth edition of the "Encyclopedia Britannica" included an article by Einstein titled "space–time".

Edgar Allan Poe wrote an essay on cosmology titled "" (1848) which said that "space and duration are one". This is the first known instance of suggesting space and time to be different perceptions of one thing. Poe arrived at this conclusion after approximately 90 pages of reasoning but employed no mathematics. 

In 1895, H.G. Wells in his novel, "The Time Machine", wrote, “There is no difference between Time and any of the three dimensions of Space except that our consciousness moves along it”. He added, “Scientific people…know very well that Time is only a kind of Space”.

In general relativity, spacetime is thought of as smooth and continuous. However, in the theory of quantum mechanics, spacetime is not always continuous.



Scottish Socialist Party

The Scottish Socialist Party (SSP; ; ) is a political party which was formed in 1998. It argues for socialism and Scottish independence.


Esztergom

Esztergom is a city in Hungary, 45 kilometers north of Budapest. 30 928 people live in Esztergom. It is the center of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary, and the Constitutional court is in the city. There are a lot of rich museums in the city.

Esztergom is on the right side of the river Danube. There are big islands on the Danube. There are mountains to the east, that surround the city. The city is 100,35 km² big.

The city was founded in 972 by Géza of Hungary. It is one of the oldest cities in Hungary. Until 1249 it was the capital of the country. The archbishops built many schools, churches, palaces, and the kings of Hungary built castles. In 1242 the city was attacked and destroyed by mongols, but the castle on the hill was not. After the attack king Béla IV. moved to Buda, and gave the city to the archbishop. In 1543 the city was taken by the Turks, who built many spas. The Hungarians tried to take back the city many times, so it was destroyed again in the wars. The Turks left Esztergom in 1683. In 1822 Alexander Rudnay, the archbishop started building a big temple called a basilica. It is the biggest temple and the tallest building in the country, and the third biggest temple in Europe.


Public transport

Public transport (public transportation in the United States) is the transport of passengers. Passengers don't need their own cars or other vehicles. Most public transport lets many people travel at the same time.

Ships have carried passengers since prehistoric times. That is the first kind of public transport. From the 17th century boats carried people along the canals.

Stagecoaches traveled a fixed route between coaching inns. There were buses in Paris in 1662. Around 1826 horsedrawn omnibuses operated in Nantes, France. They started in London in July 1829. Omnibuses were carts with seats for passengers to sit. The first passenger horse-drawn rail vehicle opened in 1806. It ran along the Swansea and Mumbles Railway. From 1825 steam railroads began carrying passengers between towns in England. Ferries (public boats) also became bigger and more numerous then.

The main vehicles for public transport are buses, trolleybuses, trams and trains. Trams were first used in the late 1860s and used to be pulled by horses. Now trams are electric and run on a line of cable. Buses drive on the road, like cars do. Trolleybuses are like buses, but they use electricity from two wires above the road. Trains run on a track and are very fast. Many places use trams and trains as a form of public transport.

Many people who do not have cars use buses, trolleybuses, trams to go places near their house, and they use trains to go places far away. Long-distance transport is usually by airline or train or other public transport. Local transport is more often private.

When using public transport people may need a ticket or card to be able to get on. A timetable tells them when they come, since they can only go when and where the transport is going.

Public transport is good for the environment. When many people use the same vehicle, fewer cars are on the road. Fewer cars make less pollution. Cost is low, because it is very cheap to catch public transport every day, which is why even people who own a car often use public transport.

Public transportation comes in many forms:






Some of these types are often not for use by the general public, e.g. elevators in offices and apartment buildings, buses for personnel or school children, etc.


Stations are an important aspect of any public transportation system. Specific types include:

In addition one can get on or off a taxi at any road where stopping is allowed. Some fixed-route buses allow getting on and off at suitable unmarked locations along that route, typically called a hail-and-ride section.
Money is needed to build and operate a public transit system. The money comes from ticket revenue, government subsidies and advertisements. If ticket prices are too high, people will not use it. So, most systems charge passengers less than the full cost of building and operating the system. The percentage of total revenue that passengers pay is known as the farebox recovery ratio. Sometimes income comes from land development and rental from stores and vendors, and parking fees. Some subway systems get money from telecommunication companies by leasing tunnels and rights-of-way to carry fiber optic communication lines.

For many public transport systems, passengers must buy a ticket. Tickets may either be bought before the ride, at the time of the ride, or both. Tickets can be paper ticket, metal or plastic tokens, or an electronic card (smart card, contactless smart card). Sometimes, a ticket has to be validated (marking the time of the ticket's use). A paper ticket is stamped when it is validated. An electronic ticket is checked in.

Tickets may be valid for a single (or return) trip, or valid within a certain area for a period of time. The fare (price of the ticket) is based on the travel class, either based on the traveled distance, or on a zone pricing.

The tickets may have to be shown or checked automatically at the station platform or when going onto the system, or during the ride by a conductor. Operators may choose to control all passengers, allowing sale of the ticket at the time of ride. Alternatively, a proof-of-payment system allows passengers to enter the vehicles without showing the ticket. Riders may or may not be controlled by a ticket controller. If the rider does not show proof of payment, the operator may fine the rider.

Multi-use tickets allow a passenger to travel more than once. These include "return tickets" where the passenger pay for two trips at one time. It also includes period cards allowing travel within a certain area (for instance month cards), or during a given number of days that can be chosen within a longer period of time (for instance eight days within a month). Some transit systems sell tickets (passes) aimed at tourists that allow free or discounted entry at many tourist attractions, typically include zero-fare public transport within a city. Period tickets may be for a particular journey (in both directions), or for a whole network.

A free travel pass allows free and unlimited travel within a system. Free passes are sometimes granted to particular social sectors, for example students, old people, children, employees ("job ticket") and the physical or mentally disabled. In the United States, an employer can pay for a portion of a travel pass without that payment being taxed. So, transit systems allow employers to pay the system directly and to distribute the passes to employees.

Free or Zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by other ways than collecting a fare from passengers. Zero-fare services may be funded by national, regional or local government through taxation or by commercial sponsorship by businesses. They usually use relatively small vehicles such as buses and trams. Several mid-size European cities and many smaller towns around the world have converted their entire bus networks to zero-fare. Local zero-fare shuttles or inner-city loops are far more common than city-wide systems.

On 29 February 2020, Luxembourg became the first country in the world to make all public transport in the country (buses, trams, and trains) free to use.

Some rail-based public transport are also tourist attractions and/or well known landmarks in their own right. These include San Francisco's famous cable cars, the Molli steam powered train in Bad Doberan, the kusttram along the whole Flemish coast, the Schwebebahn Wuppertal, the Seattle Monorail, and the Christchurch Tram




Edmund Barton

Sir Edmund Barton (18 January 1849 – 7 January 1920) was the first Prime Minister of Australia. He was born in the suburb of Glebe in 1849 and died from heart failure in the Blue Mountains in 1920.

He was elected to the first Australian parliament in 1901 as the member for Hunter. He had a big part in making Australia a nation. His government passed laws stopping non-white people from coming to Australia and allowing women to vote in elections. After he was Prime Minister he became a judge of the High Court.

Barton was chosen as the Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1883. He served as the speaker until 1887. In 1891, he was a member of the committee writing the Constitution of Australia. In 1900, he led a group of Australians to London to present the country's first Constitution to the British Parliament. Barton was elected as Australia's first Prime Minister on 1 January 1901, when the new constitution went into effect. He also served as the Minister External Affairs (foreign policy and international relations). He resigned on 24 September 1903, and became a senior judge in the new High Court of Australia, and held that position until his death in 1920. 

Crofton, British Columbia

Crofton is a town on Vancouver Island, in British Columbia, Canada. It is a small town with only 2,500 people living in it. Crofton lies alongside the water. A miner named Henry Croft founded the town in 1902 so he could do better mining on the mountains around Crofton. But soon after, the mining stopped. In 1956, a mill that makes paper was built in Crofton. Today, that mill has over 1,000 workers. Because Crofton is on the water, it has a ferry that takes people to Salt Spring Island, which is nearby.

Zabno

Zabno (Polish: Żabno) is a town in Poland. 4,275 people live there. Zabno is near a bigger city, Tarnow.

Western Australia

Western Australia is one of the eight states and territories of Australia. It is the largest state in Australia, with about 33% of the land area of the mainland. It has a population of nearly three million people. Over 90% live in the south-west. Its capital city is Perth. 

WA is the second-largest country sub-division in the world, only exceeded by the Russian Sakha Republic. Western Australia federated with the other British colonies in Australia in 1901.

Today, Western Australia's economy is mainly mining, oil and gas, services and construction. The state produces 46% of Australia's exports. Western Australia is the largest iron ore producer in the world. Basically, the mountains in W.A. are made of iron ore which precipitated out of the ocean over three billion years ago when oxygen entered the atmosphere in large amounts.

Most of Western Australia (WA) is made of very ancient rocks from the Proterozoic era. These rocks include a great deal of iron ore, which is exported to Japan and elsewhere. Other metals such as nickel, copper, lithium and gold are also found in the area. The area was connected to India and Africa in the Neoproterozoic era, and stayed connected until the break-up of Gondwana about 150 to 50 million years ago (mya).

Unfortunately, the soils have low amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen, and so are not very fertile.

In 1827, a captain in the British Navy, James Stirling, sailed up the Swan River and liked what he saw. He told the British government, and in 1829, Britain sent settlers to Western Australia. On June 18, 1829, the new Governor James Stirling claimed all the land of Australia that was not already included in New South Wales as the new colony of Western Australia. In 1868, Britain stopped sending convicts.

Until 1901, Australia did not exist it was six separate colonies governed by Britain. This worked well when everybody was British and there were only a few people. But now there were thousands of people and many of them had never been to Britain, an eight-month journey away by sea.

They decided to join to form one new country, the Commonwealth of Australia. This was called Federation, and happened in 1901. Western Australia did not want to join, because the other colonies were thousands of kilometres away. They joined when the other colonies promised to build a railway to Perth.

In 1933, the Western Australian people did not want to be part of Australia any more. The main reason was that Western Australia had to give money to the rest of Australia to pay for national services like the army and education, but they were not seeing the benefits. As well, the Great Depression had happened and many people were homeless and poor all over the world, including Western Australia.

The government decided to hold a referendum and ask the people whether they wanted to start their own country, and 68% said yes. However, the rest of Australia and the British Parliament stopped it.

After that, things got back to normal. The Great Depression ended and the Second World War began, and many Western Australians went off to fight. Some of them had to stay here, because in 1942, the Japanese bombed the town of Broome in the far north.

When the war ended, a lot of people from Europe who had lost their homes in the war came to Western Australia, as land was still very cheap. In the 1960s, iron ore was found in the north of the state, which could be made into steel. This discovery made Western Australia very rich, and iron ore still brings in a lot of money.

Perth grew from being a small town to being a big city in just 30 years. By 1985 it had over a million people and is still getting bigger today. Due to the mining boom in the state, there has been an influx of people from the Eastern states to take advantage of the higher wages in industry.



South Australia

South Australia is one of the six states of Australia. The capital city is Adelaide.

South Australia is in the southern central part of the country. It is one of the driest parts of the continent. South Australia gets very little rain. 

The state has a total land area of 984,377 km² (380,070 sq mi). It is the fourth largest of Australia's states and territories. In 2006 there were 1,554,397 people living in South Australia.

South Australia was a "freely-settled", planned British province. Settlement began on December 28, 1836. This was when the state was "proclaimed" at The Old Gum Tree by Governor Hindmarsh. The aim was to create the province as a center of civilization for free immigrants, promising civil liberties and religious tolerance. 

The state is known for its festivals and fine wine.

The highest temperature recorded was 50.7°C at Oodnadatta on 2 January 1960.
The coldest temperature recorded was -8.2°C at Yongala on 20 July 1976.
The highest rainfall recorded was 272.6 mm at Motpena on 14 March 1989.

Richard Roeper

Richard Roeper (born October 17, 1959 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American movie critic, television personality, journalist, and historian. He starred on the American television program "At the Movies" with Roger Ebert from 2000 to 2008 as Gene Siskel's successor. Roeper also writes about movies for an American newspaper, the "Chicago Sun-Times".


Alfred Deakin

Alfred William Deakin (3 August 1856 – 7 October 1919) was the second Prime Minister of Australia.

He was born in Collingwood, Melbourne, Australia, the second child of William Deakin. In the 1890s he helped Australia become a country. He was Australia's first Attorney-General (head lawyer) when Edmund Barton was Prime Minister and then became Prime Minister after Barton left. He introduced the Bill to start Australia's High Court, began planning for a railway to cross Australia, took over control of New Guinea from Britain, and introduced old age pensions.

Deakin married Elizabeth Brown on 3 April 1882. They had three children.

When he was old he had Alzheimer's disease which made him forget a lot of things.
Alfred Deakin died on the 7 October 1919 in South Yarra, Victoria. He was buried at St.Kilda Cemetery.

Chris Watson

John Christian Watson (c. 9 April 1867 - 18 November 1941), known as Chris Waston, was the third Prime Minister of Australia. He was the first Prime Minister from the Labor Party. He was Prime Minister for only four months.

Archie Comics

Archie Comics is a comic book company in the United States. Its most famous and popular title is "Archie". This comic book is about a teenage boy named Archie Andrews and his friends: Betty Cooper, Veronica Lodge, Reggie Mantle, Sabrina Spellman, and Jughead Jones. Every character in this comic book is fictional, and they were created by Bob Montana. All characters were based on people he knew in Haverhill, Massachusetts. Other popular titles by Archie Comics include "Sabrina the Teenage Witch", "Sonic the Hedgehog", and Josie and the Pussycats. Archie's first appearance was in Pep Comics #22 on December 22, 1941. The first edition was drawn by Montana and written by Vic Bloom.

Archie lives in a small town named "Riverdale", in a state that is not known. However, in the early years of the Archie comics, Riverdale was in Massachusetts. This is known because a character Mr. Lodge was a senator for that state, but this is no longer part of the story. 






Of all the parents, Veronica's father and Archie's parents appear most often.


Zak Starkey

Zak Starkey (born 13 September 1965) is a British musician. He is the son of Beatles drummer Ringo Starr. Like his father he is also a drummer and has played with bands including The Who and Oasis.

Heroin

Heroin is a drug. It is also known as Diacetylmorphine or Diamorphine. Heroin was originally a trade name. It is an opioid - a type of drug which acts like morphine in the body. Heroin is called a semi-synthetic opioid. This means it is made from an opiate that occurs in nature. For Heroin, that natural opiate is morphine.

Heroin is a white or brown powder made from the sap of the poppy plant. It is a painkiller. A painkiller is an analgesic drug. Its effects are like other drugs that come from the poppy plant sap. These include opium and morphine.

People smoke or inject heroin to get a calm feeling of relaxation. It is commonly known as "being high". The extreme happiness is known as euphoria. Heroin is a very addictive drug. This means that once a person starts taking heroin, they will want to take more and more. In some cases, they will want to continue even when they know it is making them sick and harming them. Heroin is an illegal drug in many countries, unless it is used to treat a medical problem.

Drugs like cocaine, marijuana, and heroin have been decriminalized in numerous countries. To date, these include somewhere between 25 and 30 countries.

It is illegal to make, sell, and use heroin in most countries, unless a doctor has prescribed it to a person to treat a medical problem. Many people smuggle heroin and sell it illegally on the streets to make money.

If people use heroin, they may overdose (take too much), which can make them very sick or even kill them.

When people take heroin, they get "high," or intoxicated (like being drunk on alcohol). When a person is intoxicated, they can get hurt if they drive a car or other vehicle. Also, when a person is intoxicated, they may do dangerous things, like having unsafe sex or being violent towards others.

Another danger is "withdrawal", which can happen when a person stops using heroin. As with other addictions, withdrawal is a painful, unpleasant process that involves physical and mental symptoms. Withdrawal is most common when people stop using heroin suddenly, or when a person who has been using heroin for a while tries to stop. However, a person can have withdrawal symptoms even after using heroin for just 3 days. Physical symptoms often include bad body aches, hot and cold sweats, chills, restlessness, diarrhea, and problems with eating and sleeping. These withdrawal symptoms are sometimes called "cold turkey". Sometimes withdrawal feels like a very bad case of the flu. People can also have very strong psychological symptoms of withdrawal, like depression and strong cravings for heroin. Many heroin users are very afraid of withdrawal. Withdrawal - and fear of withdrawal - is one of the most common reasons why people have trouble quitting heroin. Medications like methadone and Suboxone are sometimes used to treat or prevent withdrawal symptoms, and to decrease cravings for heroin.

Injecting heroin can be very dangerous. A person can get infections by using a needle that has not been cleaned properly. People who share the same needle can infect each other with diseases that travel in the blood, like HIV or hepatitis C. They can also do other dangerous things while high on heroin.


The primary objective of detoxification is to help the addict overcome a state of physical dependence on heroin by allowing time for the heroin and related toxins to exit the body. The body will adjust to the lack of heroin by reacting in various ways which may include pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, insomnia and other withdrawal symptoms. During detox, the patient will be provided with medications, therapy and treatment that will help to ease or eliminate withdrawal symptoms in a safe and effective manner.

While detox is not actually a treatment for heroin addiction because it only focuses on providing treatment for the physical dependence that surrounds the addiction and does not place any focus on the psychological elements of the chemical dependency, it is a necessary first step to the recovery process. When detoxification is the first step of a lengthy heroin addiction treatment process which includes counseling and behavioral therapy, the process often leads to long-term success in recovery from heroin addiction.

There are many slang names, or street names, for heroin. These names are different in different places. Some of the most common are Dope, Horse, Junk, H, Brown, Black Magic, Juice and Smack, number 4.

In 1874, an English researcher, C.R. Wright, first synthesized heroin by boiling morphine and acetic anhydride. His early testing of heroin – then known as diacetylmorphine – showed undesirable side effects such as anxiety, sleepiness and vomiting immediately following administration. Accordingly, he discontinued his research. 

Over 20 years later in 1895, German scientist Heinrich Dreser and his colleagues at the pharmaceutical company Bayer continued Wright’s studies and declared diacetylmorphine successful in treating many common respiratory ailments.

Heroin was first made in 1898, by the Bayer Company in Germany. At first, it was used as a cough medicine and a painkiller. People thought that heroin would help decrease morphine and opium addiction. But after twelve years, doctors realized that people became strongly addicted to heroin. In 1914, the United States passed the Harrison Act. This was the first of many attempts to control the use of narcotics.

The word "heroin" comes from the German word "heroisch", which means powerful and heroic.

Pittsburgh

Pittsburgh is a city in the American state of Pennsylvania. The city was known in the 20th century for its steel industry. However, with the collapse of United States steel industry in the 1980s, the economy of Pittsburgh is now mostly based on healthcare, education, technology, and financial services. It is also the home of the Pittsburgh Steelers football team, who have won the Super Bowl six times, the Pittsburgh Pirates, the Pittsburgh Penguins hockey team, the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. Pittsburgh is the county seat for Allegheny County. The Allegheny and Monongahela rivers meet in Pittsburgh and form the Ohio River.

Pittsburgh is in western Pennsylvania. It has a population of 302,971 people and a metro population of almost 2,400,040 people. Pittsburgh was the most livable city in the United States in 2007. In 2014 Pittsburgh was ranked sixth in the country for polluted cities by the American Lung Association.

The French and Indian War started when George Washington went to Pittsburgh. Later it was a center of the Whiskey Rebellion.

The city is served by the Pittsburgh International Airport.


Nasal bone

The nasal bones are two small oblong bones in the human skull. Their size and form differs among individuals. They are placed side by side at the middle and top part of the face, forming the "bridge" of the nose at their junction.

Kapellmeister

Kapellmeister, (pronounce: Ka-PEL-my-ster), is a German word which means a musician who is in charge of music-making. The word comes from the Latin word for "chapel". In German "Kapelle" got the meaning: "choir" (because they sang in a chapel). "Meister" means "master". 

The French word is maître de la chapelle. In Italian he is Maestro di Capella. In English he might be called Chapel Master or, more generally, Director of Music.

The word Kapellmeister is used to describe musicians in Germany who worked for a king, prince or rich nobleman. Until about 200 years ago, these people often had their own private orchestras. The Kapellmeister was like a Director of Music. He would be responsible for choosing any new musicians, rehearsing and conducting the orchestra, and composing any music that was needed.

Many famous composers had jobs as Kapellmeister. Johann Sebastian Bach worked from 1717 to 1723 as Kapellmeister for Prince Leopold of Anhalt-Cöthen. George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain. Joseph Haydn worked for many years as Kapellmeister for the Eszterházy family, a very important noble family of the Austrian Empire. 

A Kapellmeister could also be the Director of Music for a church. Sometimes, this would be called "Kantor" in Germany. Johann Sebastian Bach was called "Kantor" when he was Director of Music at the church of St Thomas in Leipzig from 1723-1750. 

By the 19th century, society in Europe had changed. The nobility were not as rich as they had been before, and many composers started to make a living as a freelance composer. Beethoven, for example, never became a Kapellmeister.

Sometimes, the word "Kapellmeister" is used in German today to mean the Director or conductor of an orchestra or choir. The title shows that they have to organize the orchestra or choir as well as conduct it.

Kingdom of England

The Kingdom of England was a country in Western Europe. It was the land in the south of the island of Great Britain. It is now two home nations. The present home nations that were part of the Kingdom of England are England and Wales.

Before the Romans arrived, what is now considered to be modern Britain consisted of around twenty two tribes. Following the collapse of the Roman Empire in Britain, seven tribes or kingdoms existed until in 827, Northumbria submitted to Egbert of Wessex at Dore, briefly making Egbert the first king to reign over a united England. It ended on 1 May 1707 with the Acts of Union 1707, which added Scotland to the Kingdom to form the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Romansh language

Romansh (also spelled Rumantsch, Romansch or Romanche) is one of Switzerland's four national languages. (The other three are French, German and Italian.) 50,000 people in the canton of Graubünden use it as their native language.

Protractor

The protractor is a tool used to measure angles. It usually has marks with labels of the degrees. Protractors are usually half circles or full circles.

Rabbi

Rabbi (in the Hebrew classic רִבִּי "ribbi"; in the Hebrew modern רַבִּי "rabbi") in Judaism can mean "professor, master" or literally "grand". The word ""Rabbi"" ("My Master") derives from the Hebrew root ""Rav"", that in Biblical Hebrew signifies "grand" or "respected" (in knowledge). 

In Judaism, most rabbis earn their title by studying halakha at a seminary or yeshiva. The primary role of a rabbi is to teach Torah. In addition, rabbis often act as the religious leader of a Jewish community. In contrast to many other religions, a rabbi is not required to be present at life cycle events in Judaism. Nevertheless, rabbis still normally preside over life cycle events in order to ensure that it is done according to Halakha.

"Rabbi" is sometimes used as a title of respect for members of a Jewish community. 

Historically, only men were rabbis. Since the 1970s and 1980s, most Jewish communities began to accept women as rabbis. However, most Orthodox Jewish communities do not accept this change.

Three rabbis together can form a rabbinic court, or beit din. This is done when there is a legal conflict between two Jews. They judge the conflict based on halakha. A beit din is also formed for somebody who wants to convert to Judaism.

Rabbis are also sometimes asked to supervise food preparation to make sure it is kosher. When packaged food is supervised, the packaging is often labeled with a hechsher. A hechsher is a symbol which means that the content of the package is kosher.

Gentile

A Gentile is a person who is not Jewish. It is polite to use this word when needed to describe a person who is not Jewish, as in "my friend Robert is a Gentile." Up until about a hundred years ago, it was very hard (and unlikely) for Jews and Gentiles to be close friends. This is because they would be expected to ask each other over for dinner, but Jews follow strict laws about what they can and cannot eat. They can only eat what is kosher.


Super Mario Galaxy

Super Mario Galaxy is a 2007 platform video game by Nintendo. It was released for Wii and is very different from older "Mario" games with new gameplay. A sequel, "Super Mario Galaxy 2", was released in May 2010.

Bowser has captured Princess Peach again, this time using a surprise attack over the Mushroom Kingdom, with a battle fleet of flying boats by pulling the castle out of its foundation. Mario barely grasps onto the dug out piece of Earth, but is knocked off by one of Bowser's allies. He drifts out into intergalactic space, unconscious.

After waking up on a peculiar planet, Mario finds a playful star like creature, named a Luma and he must play hide and seek with the Luma and his friends to gain information about where he is. After successfully capturing all Lumas, the first Luma leads Mario up to a podium, where a beautiful woman in blue robes stands waiting. The woman is named Rosalina and she moves around space by using her mobile Observatory. It was her who gave the name 'Luma', after finding the first Luma, named 'Luma'. According to her story, one day she finds Luma stranded on Earth; this is the first time for her meeting Luma. She says that the observatory after Bowser stole its Grand Stars, which give the observatory its power.

Mario must follow Bowser all the way out into outer space, find power stars and Grand Stars, defeat him, and rescue Peach with help of Lumas, launch stars, natives of different kinds of galaxies, and the Toad Brigade, a group of Toads.

The game play is very similar to "Super Mario 64" with special moves done with the Wii Remote.

In "Super Mario Galaxy", Mario can do a Star Spin attack, and can jump from planet to planet. The creator of the "Mario" games, Shigeru Miyamoto, is the director of this game, and gave Mario moves he has never had before.

Like the shines of "Super Mario Sunshine" or the stars of "Super Mario 64", "Galaxy" has things called star bits. They may be used to progress in certain parts of the game, or they can be used to stun enemies. Mario can collect star bits using the Wii Remote, simply by pointing at them. Mario can gain a life if he collects 50 of them.

The coin system has also changed. In the previous two games, every 100 coins collected earned a life, but in "Galaxy" he only needs 50. Also, Mario will not be able to collect 100 coins to get a star in a level; instead, once he defeats Bowser for the last time, the player can choose to return to a level, select the "Purple Comet" star, and can try to collect 100 purple coins (not normal coins) to earn a star.

Five and dime

Five and dime (also known as five-cent stores, dime stores, and ten-cent stores) is a type of store that was popular in the United States in the early to mid-20th century. They sold many different items, most of which were worth five or ten cents. Popular five and dimes included:



The Legend of Zelda

The Legend of Zelda is a series of open world adventure video games. The games are typically about a boy named Link who has to rescue Princess Zelda from Ganon. The first game of the franchise was made by Shigeru Miyamoto and was first sold February 21, 1986 by Nintendo. Most of the Zelda games take place in the fictional kingdom of Hyrule. The games all have fighting, adventuring, item collecting, puzzle-solving, and sometimes racing parts. "The Legend of Zelda" series has sold over 125 million games, with 23 different games in the series during 2017, making it the 20th best-selling video game series ever.


 now, there are 29 games in the main series, including the compilations and remakes.

Hyrule is a fictional world in "The Legend of Zelda" series. It is inhabited by many races, including Hylians, Gorons, Zoras, and others.

The "Zelda" series timeline places each of the games in chronological order up until "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time". At the end of this game, three separate timelines are created, and many of the games take place in these separate universes.

When Link helps seal away Ganon at the end of "Ocarina of Time", he is sent back in time to become a child and warn Princess Zelda to prevent Ganondorf from rising to power in the first place. With Link gone in the future, Ganondorf is able to break free from his seal and get very close to taking over Hyrule. Without Link to stop him, the people of Hyrule ask the Goddesses to flood Hyrule. This flood creates the Great Sea, leaving the tops of Hyrule's mountains as the only land above the water. Many years after the flood, "" takes place.

As a child sent back to the past, Link warns Zelda and stops Ganondorf from taking over Hyrule. With this job complete, Link travels deep into the Lost Woods to search for his fairy, Navi, who had left him at the end of "Ocarina of Time". In this forest, he is transported to a land called Termina that is in danger of being destroyed by a falling moon, sent crashing into the world by an evil mask named Majora. Link's journey to stop the moon from falling is shown in "". After saving Termina, Link returns to Hyrule.

Many generations later, another young man named Link works as a ranch hand in Hyrule. This Link joins a creature named Midna in her quest to defeat Zant, an evil ruler from the Twilight Realm, who is attempting to take over Hyrule. Throughout his journey, shown in "", Link is aided by many people in his quest, including the Hero's Shade, who is the ghost of Link from "Ocarina of Time" and "Majora's Mask".

In a world where Link is defeated by Ganon at the end of "Ocarina of Time", Hyrule enters a period of decline after being taken over by Ganon. A war to defeat him is fought and won, but Hyrule is left in a state of ruin. Within this timeline, the events of many of the early "Zelda" games occur, including "", "The Legend of Zelda", and "".

The Master Sword is a sword found in "The Legend of Zelda" series. Link uses it as a weapon in most games.

Known as the Sword of Evil's Bane, the Sword of Time, the Sword of Resurrection, and the Sword That Seals the Darkness, the Master Sword is to only be held by a person destined to be the Hero chosen by the Goddesses. The Link in "The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword" is the first holder of the Master Sword. The other Links are then given the right to wield the Master Sword because they carry the spirit of the Hero.

Basically The Master Sword split into four set in The legend of Zelda four swords it exists in another alternate timeline separate from wind waker and Twilight princess known as the fallen hero timeline because in the game before it, that version of link dies.

The Triforce is a mystic object in "The Legend of Zelda" universe created by gods Din, Nayru, and Farore. It has three parts - the first part is the Triforce of Courage, which Link has, the second is the Triforce of Wisdom, which Princess Zelda has, and the third is the Triforce of Power, which Ganon has. When it is completed, the person who unites it can make a wish using the power of the gods.

3rd century

The 3rd century was the century from 201 to 300.

Note: years before or after the 3rd century are in "italics".

2nd century

The 2nd century was the century from 101 to 200.

Note: years before or after the 2nd century are in "italics".


Walmart

Walmart () is a company founded by Sam Walton in 1962. It is one of the world's largest companies, behind Exxon Mobil. Walmart stores are large department stores that sell many different things. There are more than 10,000 Walmarts around the world, and over 2 million people work for Walmart.

Walmart can be found in a lot of places around the world. It is mostly found around the United States but can also be found in Canada, Mexico, United Kingdom, some Asian countries, some African countries and some South American countries. Walmart has not yet reached Oceania.

Walmart is criticized for having a poor record on labor rights, especially regarding anti union activity. It has also been criticized for once promoting made in America for its products but now largely importing the products it sells, from developing nations. Many of these jobs replaced manufacturing jobs in the US. along with the fact that Walmart retail jobs replaced many mom and pop stores in the US. In 2005, movie director Robert Greenwald made a documentary movie called "Walmart The High Cost of Low Price" that criticized Walmart. After this movie was announced, director Ron Galloway made a film that ended up being released at the same time called "Why Walmart Works and Why That Drives Some People CRAZY". This movie had a positive view of Walmart.

Sam Walton

Samuel Moore Walton was an American businessman. He was born on March 29, 1918 in Kingfisher, Oklahoma. Walton created the well-known American stores, Wal-Mart and Sam's Club. Walton was born to Thomas Gibson Walton and Nancy Lee Walton. He was part of the Walton family, which is one of the richest families in the world. Walton died on April 6, 1992.

He died a billionaire but was known for driving a pick-up truck instead of an expensive car. He also had a military career during WW2. He had joined the U.S. Army Intelligence Corps. 

New York Stock Exchange

The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), also called the "Big Board," is a stock exchange in New York City. It is the biggest stock exchange in the United States by the amount of money and the second-biggest stock exchange by the number of companies listed. Its building is on Wall Street.

Stock exchange

A stock exchange, share market or bourse is a place where people meet to buy and sell shares of company stock. Some stock exchanges are real places (like the New York Stock Exchange), others are virtual places (like the NASDAQ).

The most important stock exchanges in the world include:

On October 29, 1929, the American stock market crashed on what is known as Black Tuesday. A "crash" means that the prices of stock were lowered greatly, and no one wanted to buy it. Instead, they sold the stock for cheap prices. Also, banks were trying to buy stock with people's money (stored inside the bank), so the banks ran out of money too. Because people could not get money back from banks, only a few people could afford the cost of living. This was the start of the Great Depression.


Bombay Stock Exchange

The Bombay Stock Exchange is a stock exchange in Mumbai, India.

The Bombay Stock Exchange is the oldest stock exchange in Asia.

The BSE failure to modernize resulted in the creation of an electronic platform in the National Stock Exchange.



Stamford Raffles

Sir Stamford Raffles FRS (Thomas Stamford Bingley Raffles 5 July 1781 – 5 July 1826), was the founder of the city of Singapore. He is one of the most famous Britons who expanded the British Empire.

Raffles was born on the ship "Ann" to Captain Benjamin Raffles and Anne Raffles. Although his family was in debt, they managed to give him money for his education. When he was 14, he started working as a clerk in the British East India Company. The company sent him to Southeast Asia to look for another port as the trade between Britain and China was increasing.

He married Olivia Mariamne Fancourt. She was the widow of Jacob Cassivelaun Fancourt, an assistant surgeon in Madras who had died in 1800.

When the British East India Company sent Raffles to Southeast Asia, the company already had two ports, Penang and Bencoolen. However, these ports were far from the main trading area, the Straits of Malacca. Dutch ports, Malacca and Java, were closer to the trading area, which made them able to control the trade. They cut off the trade between Penang and the important trading centres at the Malay Archipelago.

The British East India Company thus needed a new port south of Malacca to protect British ships, and they chose Singapore, which was then a small fishing-port. Singapore had a lot of drinking water and a good location, in the centre of the Straits of Malacca. It was in an area not controlled by the Dutch. The deal was settled by Raffles making an agreement with the traditional rulers of the area to pay them money in return for the right to build, expand and use the port. Singapore eventually grew to be the important trading city-state it is today. Raffles held the title of Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1813 to 1816.


Euronext

Euronext is a stock exchange in Europe. It has buildings in Belgium, France, Netherlands, Portugal and the United Kingdom. 

Euronext was created on September 22 2000, when the stock exchanges of Amsterdam, Brussels Stock Exchange and Paris Bourse were joined together in a merger. In recent years, Euronext has become the fifth largest stock exchange on the planet.

In April 2007, it merged with New York Stock Exchange to form NYSE Euronext ().

Hippopotamidae

Hippopotamidae is a group of even-toed ungulate mammals. 
There are two living species of "Hippopotamus".

Hiroshi Yamauchi

Hiroshi Yamauchi (, "Yamauchi Hiroshi", November 7, 1927 – September 19, 2013) was a Japanese businessman. He was the third president of Nintendo from 1949 until he quit on May 31, 2002. He transformed Nintendo from a small card-making company to a multibillion-dollar video game company. He was known as "Mario's Farther".

He was born in Kyoto. He died in hospital on September 19, 2013 due to complications from pneumonia.

ExxonMobil

Exxon Mobil or ExxonMobil () is the world's biggest oil and gas company. It was created when Exxon and Mobil, both companies formed after the John D. Rockefeller's original Standard Oil company split apart, joined together in a merger to become one company. ExxonMobil has been involved in the global warming controversy, as have other Big Oil corporations such as Royal Dutch Shell

Right now, Exxon Mobil board members include:

As of March 31, 2006:



Paul Allen

Paul Gardner Allen (January 21, 1953 – October 15, 2018) was an American who created Microsoft with Bill Gates. He was the fifth richest person in the United States. He lived in Mercer Island, Washington.

Allen was also the outright owner of two sports teams, and was part-owner of a third. He fully owned the Seattle Seahawks of the NFL and the Portland Trail Blazers of the NBA. He was a minority owner of Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer.

Allen died from septic shock caused by non-Hodgkin lymphoma on October 15, 2018 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 65.

Hero

A hero is a real person or fictional character who, in the face of danger, combats adversity through feats of ingenuity, courage, or strength.

In Greek mythology, a hero is a demigod, a half-god/half-human being. Herakles, for example, was the son of the god Zeus and the mortal woman Alkmene. Heroes performed extraordinary feats and were worshipped in hero cults.

The word hero comes from the Greek ἥρως (hērōs), "hero" (literally "protector" or "defender"), particularly one such as Heracles with divine ancestry or later given divine honors.

In the modern world, hero has lost its ancient meaning. It now means someone who is courageous ("The firefighter who saved my baby is a hero."). Heroes are "heroic", they have "heroism". They help in saving people or a society from bad people, villains, or natural disasters. A hero can also be someone who is helpful, polite, or helping people who need it. The word is used in the sports world to mean an extraordinary player or athlete ("football hero", "Olympic hero", etc.). The female equivalent of the male hero is the "heroine".

Sometimes, the protagonist (or main character) of a story is called the "hero" of the story. Some fictional characters are superheroes. 

The opposite of a hero is a villain. A female hero like Joan of Arc is called a heroine.


Sonic Rivals

Sonic Rivals is a video game for the PlayStation Portable that came out on November 16, 2006. The game is made by Backbone Entertainment and Sega. People can play as Sonic the Hedgehog, Shadow the Hedgehog, Knuckles the Echidna, Metal Sonic or Silver the Hedgehog.

Sega Genesis

The , called the Sega Genesis in North America is a 16-bit video game console made by Sega. It is Sega's third video game console. Sega released it as the Mega Drive in Japan in 1988. In 1989, they released it in North America as the Genesis.

In Japan, the Mega Drive sold poorly against its two main competitors, Nintendo's Super Famicom and NEC's PC Engine. However, it sold well in North America, Brazil, and Europe. Some of the reasons it sold well is because it had many arcade game ports, Sega's "Sonic the Hedgehog" series, several popular sports franchises, and an aggressive youth marketing that made the system seem like the cool console for teens. Controversy about violent games such as "Night Trap" and "Mortal Kombat" led Sega creating the Videogame Rating Council. It was a predecessor to the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).

30.75 million first-party Mega Drive/Genesis consoles were sold around the world. By the mid-2010s, third-party Mega Drive/Genesis rereleases were still being sold by AtGames in North America and Europe. Many games have been rereleased in compilations or on online services such as the Nintendo Virtual Console, Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and Steam. The Genesis was succeeded in 1994 by the Sega Saturn.

In the early 1980s, Sega Enterprises, Inc. was one of the top five arcade game manufacturers in the United States. At this time, Sega was a subsidiary of Gulf & Western. Its company revenues was higher than $200 million between July 1981 and June 1982. In 1982, the arcade business slowed, and it hurt Sega. It led to Gulf & Western selling its North American arcade manufacturing organization. They also licensed rights for its arcade games to Bally Manufacturing. The company kept Sega's North American R&D operation, as well as its Japanese subsidiary, Sega Enterprises, Ltd. With its arcade business hurting, Sega Enterprises, Ltd. president Hayao Nakayama said that the company should to move into the home console market in Japan. The industry was very new at that time.

Nakayama got permission to move into the home console industry. This led to the release of Sega's first home video game system, the SG-1000, in July 1983. It had sold 160,000 units in Japan. Sega did not expect it to sell that well. However, sales at stores were dominated by Nintendo's Famicom which had been released the same day. Sega believed that the Famicom sold about 10 times better than the SG-1000. The SG-1000 was replaced by the Sega Mark III within two years. Gulf & Western started getting of its non-core businesses after the death of company creator Charles Bluhdorn. Nakayama and former Sega CEO David Rosen decided to do a management buyout of the Japanese subsidiary in 1984. They would do this with financial support from CSK Corporation, a famous Japanese software company. Nakayama then became CEO of Sega Enterprises, Ltd.

In 1986, Sega redesigned the Mark III for release in North America. They called it the Sega Master System. They released it in Europe in 1987. Although the Master System sold well in Europe and Brazil, it did not sell well in Japan or North America. By the mid-to-late 1980s, Japan and North America were dominated by Nintendo. With Sega doing poorly in the home console market, Sega's console R&D team, led by Masami Ishikawa and supervised by Hideki Sato, started working on a successor to the Master System. They did this almost immediately after the Master System was released.

The Genesis is often considered one of the best video game consoles. In 2009, IGN said it was the fifth best video game console. They said it was good because of sports games and it had a better home version of "Mortal Kombat". They praised "what some consider to be the greatest controller ever created: the six button". In 2007, GameTrailers said the Genesis was the sixth best console of all time in their list of top ten consoles that "left their mark on the history of gaming". They said it was good because it had great games and a good controller. They also wrote about the "glory days" of "Sonic the Hedgehog". In 2008, GamingExcellence said it was sixth of the 10 best consoles. They said "one can truly see the Genesis for the gaming milestone it was." GameDaily said it was ninth of ten for its memorable games.

Dreamcast

The is the fourth and last home video game console made by Sega that can play video games. It was sold before the PlayStation 2, GameCube, or Xbox came out. However, not many people bought it after the PlayStation 2 was released, so in the end Sega decided to stop making them.

When it was time to make another video game machine after the Sega Saturn was released, Shoichiro Irimajiri asked Tatsuo Yamamoto from IBM Austin and his group to create it. However Hideki Sato's old group that made video game machines did not like this. Because of this, the two groups were in a competition to make the best machine.

Hideki Sato's group used Hitachi SH4 and PowerVR to make a video game machine called "White Belt". The name was later changed to "Guppy" and then "Katana".

Tatsuo Yamamoto's IBM/Motorola PowerPC 603e and 3dfx Voodoo 2 to make a video game machine called "Blackbelt" and then renamed to "Shark" in United States. In Japan, the machine was first called "Dural" and then renamed to "Katana".

In April 1997, 3dfx told people that Sega was using their 3dfx Voodoo 2 for a video game machine. Sega however wanted this to be a secret and became very angry. Because of this, Sega used Hideki Sato's "Katana" machine instead of Tatsuo Yamamoto's.

Later on, 3dfx sued Sega because they thought Sega broke their promise to them. However, the two companies then settled out of court.

The Dreamcast was released in Japan on November 27, 1998, and then released September 9, 1999 in North America. At first, many people liked the Dreamcast and it sold a lot. In the United States, 300,000 machines were sold on the first week and Sega earned $98.4 million.

To help the Dreamcast sell even more, Sega told many stores to show some of their best games to customers, like "Soul Calibur", "Sonic Adventure", "Power Stone", and "Hydro Thunder".

Electronic Arts, a video games company, said that they did not want to make games for the Dreamcast until it sold one million machines. This is because Electronic Arts' video games on the Sega Saturn did not make a lot of money. However, in three months when the Dreamcast did sell one million machines, Electronic Arts still did not want to make games for the Dreamcast and made games for the PlayStation 2 instead.

In places like Europe, Sega decided to let other companies make ads for the Dreamcast. However, Sega did not give the companies enough money, so the companies could not make as many ads as the PlayStation 2, another console that was competing with the Dreamcast.

Many of these companies also forced people to pay more for the Dreamcast than in the United States and Japan.

Some games were not even sold in Europe, because Sega was more focused on selling the Dreamcast in the United States. Because of this, a lot of people who used to like Sega now liked Sony.

After Sega released their Dreamcast, many other video game companies also released their video game consoles. This includes Sony, who released the PlayStation 2, which had the advantage of using the DVD-ROM format and being backwards compatible; Nintendo, who released the GameCube; and Microsoft, who released the Xbox.

Sega's prestige among gamers was at the time heavily damaged because of the lack of good management/marketing back from the Sega Saturn, this also affected certain game developers such as Electronic Arts refusing to develop for the system because of the risk of the Dreamcast becoming just like the Sega Saturn, not selling well. This was a factor is why this console did not reach its full potential.

Even SEGA's own CEO at the time, Isao Okawa, wanted to leave the console business.

In the end, Sega told people on January 31, 2001 that they would be stopping the console production. Sega's last video game sold for Dreamcast was "Puyo Pop Fever", which was released on February 24, 2004.

These accessories were sold by Sega to be used on the Dreamcast:

Notes


Platte River

The Platte River (also called the Nebraska River) is a river in the United States that flows into the Missouri River. It is around 310 miles (or 499 km) long.

Counting

Counting is something people do to find out how many things there are of any kind. 

The person counting in English usually starts with the number one, and gives this number to the first thing. The next thing is given the number two. Then, the next thing is given the number three. If there is another thing, it gets the number four. If after this there is another thing, it gets the number five. More things get more numbers. Each thing gets its own number in this way. The last number given to the last thing counted shows how many things there are.



Counting is starting at a number and changing it up or down a certain number of times. In the examples above, counting started at one and then it changed by one each time something was counted. So at first the count was one. Then the count was changed by one, and one plus one is two, so the count was two. Then the count of two was changed by one again, and two plus one is three, so the count was three. 

Counting can go up or down. Counting can be done on fingers.

It has been shown that some birds are good at counting. Crows
are birds that are good at counting. 

Blast off

Blast off may refer to:


Launch pad

A launch pad is where rockets and spacecraft are placed until they are ready to blast off. NASA has its own launch pads for its spacecraft. Launch pads are often made out of steel reinforced concrete. Launch pads for larger spacecraft will often have towers to support it during its launch.

Space Shuttle

The Space Shuttle was a spacecraft which was used by the American National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or NASA. Space Shuttles were used to carry astronauts and cargo into space. Cargo such as satellites, parts of a space station or scientific instruments were taken up into space by the space shuttle. It was a new kind of spacecraft because it could be used many times.

The Space Shuttle was made up of 3 parts. These were the orbiter, the external fuel tank and solid rocket boosters. 

The orbiter was shaped like a large airplane with wings and a tail. This allowed the Space Shuttle to glide and land on a runway, letting the reusable part of the Shuttle be very large. Many spacecraft which came before the Space Shuttle, like the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo used parachutes when landing, and landed on the ocean. People have said that the Shuttle was very much like a pickup truck because of its usefulness. 

The shuttle was launched out of Earth's gravity and into space by 3 rocket engines on the back of the orbiter along with help from 2 long white Solid Rocket Boosters (also called SRBs) Fuel for the shuttle was stored in the large, usually orange, External Fuel Tank (also called ET). Before the shuttle reached orbit, the SRBs were released and fell into the Atlantic Ocean where they were towed back to shore for reuse. The ET was also released but broke up and fell into the Indian Ocean and was not reused.
Orbiter had a payload bay for various missions rather than deploying satellites. They were the following:

The US space shuttles were:

A '†' next to a name means that the Shuttle was destroyed.

There was a Russian Shuttle called Buran. It flew one unmanned flight before being retired. The Buran was destroyed in a hangar collapse in 2002.
The shuttle was created in 1973. It replaced the Apollo capsules. The first flight was a test of the landing and maneuvering abilities of the shuttle. This flight used Space Shuttle Enterprise. The first shuttle flight in space was on April 12, 1981. It used Space Shuttle Columbia.

On January 28, 1986 the Space Shuttle Challenger destroyed 73 seconds into the flight of STS-51-L. It caused a year long stall in space flight.

In the 1990s the Shuttle began working on the International Space Station (ISS). This was its main job of the shuttle since then.

Also in the 1990s, the Space Shuttle launched the Hubble telescope into space. Shuttle missions returned 5 times to repair and improve cameras and scientific instruments on the telescope.

On February 1, 2003, the Space Shuttle Columbia broke up while returning STS-107 to Earth over Texas. The accident was caused by damage to the heat-shield which protects it from the heat of reentry into the Earth's atmosphere. It again caused a long delay until the next shuttle flight.

In 2010, NASA shut down the Space Shuttle program. They were more expensive to use than other launch vehicles.

Currently, the United States has no manned spacecraft capabilities. Both SpaceX with the Crew Dragon and Boeing with their Starliner capsule, are planning to provide crewed missions to the ISS. NASA is developing the Orion capsule for beyond Earth orbit missions.

The remaining shuttles are now on display at the following museums: 



Thor

Thor (Old Norse: "Þórr") is the god of thunder and lightning in Norse mythology, associated with strength, storms, hallowing, sacred groves and tress and fertility. He is the son of Odin and Jörð, the personification of the Earth, and is the strongest of the . 

The champion of Asgard, Thor is said to protect both it and Midgard from the likes of the jǫtnar, a race of beings native to Jötunheimr. He is known in Old English as Þunor ("Thunor") and in  as Donar (runic "þonar" ᚦᛟᚾᚨᚱ), all of which stem from the "*Þunraz," meaning "thunder". 

The modern English weekday Thursday (from Old English "Þūnresdæg", “Thunor’s [Thor’s] day”) bears the god's name.

Thor is the son of Odin, chief of the Æsir, and Jörð, the living personification of the Earth. He is the eldest of Odin's sons and is the half-brother of Baldr, Höðr, Víðarr, and Váli.

He is married to the golden-haired goddess Sif, with whom he has a daughter, Þrúðr. With his jötunn lover Járnsaxa, Thor has two sons, Móði and Magni. He has a stepson, Ullr, who is Sif's son by a previous marriage.pop

According to writings known as sagas, Thor wielded a short-handled war hammer, Mjolnir. It was fashioned for him by the dwarven brothers and , and is said to be the most powerful weapon in all the Nine Worlds, capable of crushing even mountains. When Thor threw the hammer, it magically returned to the god's hand.

Other attributes of Thor include a pair of gauntlets known as , which he is required to wear in order to wield Mjölnir, a belt, Megingjörð, which doubles his strength when he wears it, and a staff, Gríðarvölr, which, along with Járngreipr, was given to him by the jötunn Gríðr. Thor was believed to travel in a chariot drawn by two goats named . Thor also has red hair unlike most believe because of marvels Thor, 

Tube

Tube may refer to:

Electronics

Food

Geometry

Mechanics

Media

Music

Nature

Packaging

Photography

Plumbing

Software

Structural Engineering

Theatre

Transportation


Blood cell

A blood cell is any cell of any type found in blood. There are three main types of blood cells in mammals:

Jan Swammerdam a scientist from the Netherlands was the first person to observe red blood cells under a microscope. Antoni van Leeuwenhoek, another scientist from the Netherlands, was the first to draw an illustration of "Red Blood Cells".

Windsurfing

Windsurfing is a wind propelled water sport that is a combination of sailing and surfing. It is also referred to as "sailboarding" and "boardsailing", and emerged in the late 1960s from the aerospace and surf culture of California. Windsurfing gained a popular following across Europe and North America by the late 1970s and had achieved significant global popularity by the 1980s. Windsurfing became an Olympic sport in 1984.

Newer variants include windfoiling, kiteboarding and wingfoiling. Hydrofoil fins under the board allow the boards to safely lift out of the water and fly silently and smoothly above the surface even in lighter winds.

Windsurfing is a recreational, family friendly sport, most popular at flat water locations around the world that offer safety and accessibility for beginner and intermediate participants. Technique and equipment have evolved over the years

Major competitive disciplines include slalom, wave and freestyle. Increasingly, "foiling" is replacing traditional events and the IQfoil class is the new Olympic windsurfing racing class for France in 2024.

Modern windsurfing, as a sport and recreational activity, did not emerge until the latter half of the 20th century. The earliest version of a sailboard design utilizing a freely articulating sail on top of a board was created in 1962 by American Newman Darby. Independently, engineer Jim Drake invented and co-patented the version we all know today and called it Windsurfing- a new new concept in sailing.

Thoroughbred

Thoroughbred is a breed of horse. They are mainly used for racing. 
Their pedigree is known and recorded. For each horse there is a chart showing its ancestry.

Horses in general have been used for many years, for farm, racing, harness work and so forth. Horses were the fastest way for people to travel on land before cars were invented. They were the only way to travel long distances in a reasonable amount of time. 

Most horse breeds have been bred for a specific reason; the thoroughbred racehorse was bred to run. Thoroughbreds originate from the Arabian breed, and all thoroughbreds can be traced back to three original sires (fathers): The Byerley Turk, The Darley Arabian, and The Godolphin Arabian. Thoroughbreds are known for their speed, and also for their jumping ability, used in steeplechases and in show jumping and other horse activities. Although thoroughbreds generally are slightly temperamental, they are very trainable and loyal. 

Thoroughbreds are generally tall and sleek, with long legs to help carry them along the race track. Thoroughbreds can be many colors, including bay (a colour which is brown with a black mane and tail), chestnut (red-brown), black, and gray. 

The thoroughbred's genetic origin is Arabian and Turkmenian also Barb's. The Arabian foundation stallions which were brought to Britain in the late 1600s and early 1700s were bred to domestic mares – very probably Scottish Galloways – although they may have been bred to Arabian mares, too. A substantial number of early thoroughbreds were bred in the vale of Bedale in the County of Yorkshire in Northern England. 

The foundation stallions of the thoroughbred breed and years in which they arrived in England were: the Byerly Turk (1689), the Darley Arabian (1705) and the Godolphin Barb (1728). Their progeny were the first thoroughbreds, per se, and although the foundation stallions had many off-spring, three of their descendants stand out as supreme: Herod, Eclipse and Matchem. In the lines of these horses were some outstanding thoroughbreds: for instance, Princequillo and Round Table descend from Herod; Citation and Sir Ivor descend from Eclipse; and Man O' War from Matchem. 

The first thoroughbred to arrive in America was a stallion named Bulle Rock, by the Darley Arabian. He was imported to Virginia in 1730 by Samuel Gist. In 1757, Janus, a grandson of Godolphin Arabian, was imported and became the founder of the Quarter Horse breed. Diomed, who was imported in 1800 was the most important thoroughbred imported to America in its early years. Lexington, by Boston, was foaled in 1850 and was the greatest sire of the 1800s. 


Sound card

A sound card (or audio card) is the part of the computer hardware that controls the input and output of the sound signals. A sound card is what is known as an expansion card. This means that the card can be added to the motherboard.

Nowadays, most of the audio cards are integrated with the motherboard. That means they are built into a mainboard and can not be removed. In other words, it is not an expansion card anymore. They only offer line-in, speaker, and microphone connections. For most users this is enough. When thinking of computer architecture, the integrated circuit sound cards occupy less space and thus became very popular and practical, especially for laptop computers. For more features like MIDI ports for connection of musical instruments and low latency requirements (so that the sound does not come distorted under heavy system usage) sound cards as expansion cards can be used. Modern expansion sound cards use the PCI computer bus standard. Earlier sound cards used the ISA computer bus, which was half-duplex, so the sound cards could not record and play simultaneously.

What we hear in speakers is an analog (current, voltage or electric charge) output of the signal. For example, stored on a hard disk digital code is transferred under a control of some application (for example Winamp) to the sound card. Up in there, a special chip, called digital-to-analog converter, changes the binary code into the analog sound. Afterwards, signal is sent to a jack (in modern audio cards it has the green color) where the speakers are connected. The result is a nice waveform of our favorite digital medium, e.g. an mp3.

A typical sound input device is a microphone, connected to the red/pink jack socket. The sound wave is digitized and then it may be stored as a file using data compression algorithms which make the file smaller. Of course all of this is done under the control of some software.

Charlie Chaplin

Sir Charles Spencer "Charlie" Chaplin (16 April 1889 – 25 December 1977) was an English comic actor, filmmaker, and composer. He was famous in silent movies (where there was no talking or sound). He acted, directed, scripted, and produced many of them.

Charlie Chaplin was a performer for almost 70 years. He started working when he was 5, and worked until he was 80. The character that Charlie Chaplin played most was called "the Little Tramp". The "Tramp" was a man of good

Charles Spencer Chaplin was born on 16 April 1889 in London, England, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Chaplin had a rough childhood; his mother, Hannah Hill Chaplin, a talented singer, actress, and piano player, spent most of her life in and out of mental hospitals. His father, Charles Spencer Chaplin Sr. was a fairly successful singer until he began drinking. After his parents separated, Charlie and his half-brother, Sidney, spent most of their childhood in orphanages, where they often went hungry and were beaten if they misbehaved. He first started acting at age five. He acted in a music hall in 1894, standing in for his mother.

When Charlie was a child, he was kept in bed for many weeks from a bad illness. At night, his mother would sit at the window and act out what was going on outside. His first important work came when he joined The Eight Lancashire Lads. In 1900, his brother Sydney helped him get the role of a comic cat in the pantomime "Cinderella". In 1903 he was in a play called “Jim: A Romance of Cockayne”. Chaplin was in Casey's 'Court Circus' variety show. The next year, he became a clown in Fred Karno's 'Fun Factory' comedy company.

Chaplin was the target of an assassination attempt which took the life of Prime Minister of Japan Inukai Tsuyoshi.

On 15 May 1932, Prime Minister Inukai Tsuyoshi was shot by eleven young naval officers (most were just turning twenty years of age) in the prime minister's residence. The original assassination plan had included killing Chaplin who had arrived in Japan on 14 May 1932, at a reception for Chaplin, planned by Prime Minister Inukai. When the prime minister was killed, his son Inukai Takeru was watching a sumo wrestling match with Charlie Chaplin, which probably saved both their lives.

Chaplin won two special Oscars. Chaplin had first been chosen for both "Best Actor" and "Best Comedy Directing". But then, instead, he was given a special award "for versatility and genius in acting, writing, directing and producing". Chaplin's second special award came 44 years later, in 1972. When getting this award, Chaplin had the longest standing ovation (people standing up and clapping) in Academy Award history. In 1976 he was given the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. Chaplin became the first actor to have appeared in the cover of Time in 1925.

Myths say, Chaplin once entered in a Charlie Chaplin look-a-like contest. Chaplin lost the contest.


On 9 March 1975, Charlie Chaplin was knighted in England by Elizabeth II, the Queen of the United Kingdom.

Chaplin died on Christmas Day in 1977 of a stroke in his sleep in Vevey, Vaud, Switzerland, at the age of 88. On March 1, 1978, his body was stolen by a small group of Swiss people. They were trying to get money from Chaplin’s family. This plan didn’t work. The criminals were caught, and Charlie’s body was found 11 weeks later near Lake Geneva. He was buried under concrete to prevent further incidents.



American Stock Exchange

The American Stock Exchange (AMEX) is a stock exchange in New York City. It was created on Broad Street near Exchange Place, during colonial times. The stock exchange is currently owned by its own members. 

Field hockey

Field Hockey is a well-liked sport for both men and women. It is played in many countries all around the world. In Asian countries like Pakistan and Republic of India, it is considered the "National sport." The game is played between two teams and each team is made up of 11 players. There are four 15-minute quarters with a 15-minute break at halftime and a 2-minute break after the 1st and 3rd quarters. Field hockey is played with a ball on natural grass, or on sand-based or water based artificial turfs with a small hard ball. The field has a goal at each end. A semi-circle about 15 meters from the goal is known as the shooting circle. Goals can only be scored when the ball is in the shooting circle.

Players use a hockey stick to move the ball. The stick is in the shape of a J and is made out of wood, glass and fibre. The players each play a position like fullbacks, halfbacks, forwards and goalkeepers.


Sudoku

Sudoku puzzles are solved by logic and no math is required. As seen on the right, it consists of a grid which is usually made up of nine rows, nine columns, and nine boxes that are separated by thicker, darker lines. Some of these boxes will contain numerals from 1 to 9. To solve the puzzle, a person must fill in all the empty squares without using the same numeral twice in each column, row, or box, and without changing the numerals that are already in the grid.

These puzzles were created to be done using pencil and paper, and there are many books that contain collections of these puzzles with tips and strategies for completing them. They also appear in newspapers and magazines: typically, a different puzzle appears every day and the solution is printed somewhere else or in the next issue. Later, small handheld machines were created that generate Sudoku puzzles for the user to solve. More recently, though, the game can be played on the Internet or on mobile apps.

There are many Sudoku variations that have been created since the original Sudoku's release. The grid is most often 9 by 9, but can be different sizes, though, and separated into smaller grids in different ways. For example, there is a 6 by 6 grid with dark lines between the third and fourth columns and between two pairs of rows: the second and third rows, and the fourth and fifth rows. The numerals that must be filled in here are from 1 to 6.

Because no arithmetic is needed to solve Sudoku puzzles, the numerals can be replaced with letters or symbols. It is only their position that changes the solution to the puzzle, not their value.

On educational websites, such as Math Playground there are Sudoku games, such as 3-d Sudoku.

Jigsaw Sudoku (also called Squiggly Sudoku, Odd Sudoku or JigSaw Doku) is just like a regular Sudoku puzzle, except that instead of the lines being perfect, they are different. Like regular Sudoku puzzles, you have to complete the grid.

Samurai Sudoku is a Sudoku variation that has 5 overlapping Sudoku grids formed like a big X. These puzzles are big and take a long time to complete. Like regular Sudoku puzzles, you have to complete all 5 grids in order to complete the puzzle.

Mini Sudoku is played on a 6x6 grid with 3x2 regions. The object is the same as in Sudoku, but the puzzle only uses the numbers 1 through 6.

Logic 5 is another Sudoku variation that uses 5x5 grids instead of 3x3 grids, and are in use at the Sudoku World Championships.


Beatrix of the Netherlands

Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau, Princess Lippe-Biesterfeld(Beatrix Wilhelmina Armgard; born 31 January 1938) is the former Queen regnant of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. She reigned from 1980 to 2013.

Beatrix is the eldest daughter of Queen Juliana and her husband, Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld. In 1948, she became heiress presumptive to the throne of the Netherlands. Her mother abdicated (gave up) the throne on 30 April 1980. Beatrix succeeded her as queen.

In January 2013, Beatrix announced that she would abdicate on 30 April 2013. This day is known as Koninginnedag (Queen's Day). Her eldest son, Willem-Alexander, succeeded to the throne as King. He is the first King of the Netherlands in 123 years.

Since her abdication, she is called Princess Beatrix.

Beatrix was married to Claus von Amsberg, who died in 2002. Her sons are King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, Prince Friso of Orange-Nassau and Prince Constantijn. 

Her second son, Prince Friso of Orange-Nassau, died on 12 August 2013. He had been in a coma for more than a year because of a skiing accident in Austria in February 2012.

Her younger sister Christina died of bone cancer on 16 August 2019.

Titles 

31 January 1938-30 April 1980 Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau, Princess of Lippe-Biesterfeld

30 April 1980-30 April 2013 Her Majesty The Queen of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau, Princess of Lippe-Biesterfeld

30 April 2013-present Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands, Princess of Orange-Nassau, Princess of Lippe-Biesterfeld


Qatar Airways

Qatar Airways (in Arabic: القطرية, "al-Qatari'ya") is an airline. The airline is based in Doha, the capital city of Qatar. Its headquarters can be found at the Hamad International Airport in Doha. It is one of the fastest growing airlines in the world.It offers best in class service and rated 5 stars

George Reid

Sir George Houston Reid (25 February 1845 – 12 September 1918) was the fourth Prime Minister of Australia. He was the first Leader of the Opposition and leader of Free Trade Party. He moved to London after he retired and was elected to the House of Commons.

Reid was elected to the Australian Paliament in 1901 for the Division of East Sydney. He retired in 1910.

Spider Riders

After wearing a manacle on his arm, Hunter Steele ends up entering the center of the Earth and seeing the inner world of "Arachna". There, he and his friends ride on mechanical spiders and save Arachna from an army of insect mutants.

The anime is based on each characters and stories in three parts for each books, including "Shards of the Oracle", "Reign of the Soul Eater" and "Quest of the Earthen". The first book was written by Ted Anasti and Patsy Cameron-Anasti. Stephen D. Sullivan joined them and helped write the second and third books in the series. The books were first published in December 2004. They were published by Newmarket Press.

Boudica

Boudica (born about 25 AD, died 60/61 AD) was the queen of the Celtic Iceni people in Norfolk in the eastern part of Roman Britain. Her husband Prasutagus ruled an independent client state of Rome. He died in 60 AD and left his kingdom jointly to his daughters and the Roman emperor.

A statue of Boudica has stood in the Westminster area of London since 1902. She was the Boss of the celts.

In this era it was normal Roman practice to allow allied kingdoms independence for the lifetime of their client king. For example, the provinces of Bithynia and Galatia, were part of the Empire in just this way. Also, Roman law allowed inheritance only through the male line.

When Prasutagus died, his will was ignored by the Governor, Gaius Suetonius Paulinus. His kingdom was then annexed just as if it had been conquered. To make matters worse, Roman money-lenders called in the debts which Prasutagus owed during his lifetime. To collect the debts the Romans confiscated the lands and property of the Iceni and treated their nobles like slaves.

When Boudica protested, Paulinus had her flogged, and her two daughters raped in public. Tacitus reports:

Choosing a good moment, when the Governor was attacking Anglesey and another legion was in Bristol, Boudica led the Iceni and their associates, the Trinovantes, to war. They destroyed Camulodunum (modern Colchester), and moved towards Londinium. There was only the 9th legion (Legio IX Hispana) to defend it. The tribes burnt and destroyed both Verulamium (St Albans) and Londinium and massacred all they could lay their hands on. An estimated 70,000–80,000 Romans and British were killed in the three cities by those led by Boudica.

The final battle took place near Watling Street in the English Midlands. Watling Street was an old trackway between Canterbury and St Albans. The Romans rebuilt it their way, and took it through the Midlands into Wales.

While Boudica's army assaulted in Verulamium, Suetonius put together a force with his own Legio XIV Gemina, some detachments of the Legio XX Valeria Victrix, and any available auxiliaries. Down near Exeter, The Prefect of Legio II Augusta, Poenius Postumus, ignored the Governor's call to arms. Nonetheless, the Governor was able to call on almost ten thousand men.

The Romans were heavily outnumbered. However, the tribes lacked manoeuvrability. They had no way to direct these numbers, which put them at a disadvantage to the Romans. The Romans were skilled at open combat, and had better equipment and discipline. Also, the narrowness of the field meant that Boudica could put forth only as many troops as the Romans at any given time.

First, the Romans stood their ground and used volleys of "pila" (heavy javelins) to kill thousands of Britons who rushed toward the Roman lines. The Roman soldiers engaged Boudica's second wave in the open. As the Romans advanced in a wedge formation, the Britons attempted to flee, but were impeded by the presence of their own families. They had put their people in wagons at the edge of the battlefield, and were slaughtered.

Tacitus reports that "according to one report almost eighty thousand Britons fell" compared with only four hundred Romans. Boudica fled, and her time and place of death is not known.

The Prefect Postumus, on hearing of the Roman victory, fell on his sword. Fearing Suetonius' actions would provoke further rebellion, Nero replaced the governor with the more conciliatory Publius Petronius Turpilianus. The historian  Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus tells us the crisis had almost persuaded Nero to abandon Britain.


Choir (music)

A choir or choral group is a collection of people who sing together. They typically rehearse together with a leader and perform concerts or sing during religious services. Some choirs are professional (the singers are paid for their work in the choir). Some choirs are semi-professional (the leaders are paid at a professional rate for their work with the choir but the singers are not). Some choirs are amateur or recreational (the leaders are either not paid or are offered an honorarium and the singers are not paid). Some amateur choirs invite anyone who is interested sing with them. Professional, semi-professional, and some amateur or recreational choirs require interested people to audition and then select their members based on a set of audition criteria. 

The singers in choirs are grouped by their voice types and choral music is usually written with distinct lines or parts for some or all of these voice types. Voice types are typically organized into four groups. From highest vocal range to lowest, these include:

Music composed for choirs, or choral music, usually has at least two distinct vocal lines or parts that create harmony with one another. Although four vocal ranges are typically specified, composers of choral music often write more than four vocal lines. If the music divides into more than four parts this subdivision is typically shown by repeating the initials of the four voice parts to show which singers should be assigned to these vocal lines, e.g. SSAATTBB (for music in eight parts: two soprano lines, two alto lines etc.). Young children’s choirs may be unison choirs (all singing the same line), but older children will sing in two (SS) or three (SSA) parts or more.

Choirs usually organize and limit themselves according to voicing and/or age of the singers as well as by the size of group or the type of music they sing. 

The primary voicing categories are:
Choirs that organize themselves by size or repertoire type, they can be called:


The word choir can also mean the part of a church or cathedral where the choir sit. The choir is between the nave (the main body of the church) and the sanctuary (where the altar is). The singers will divide into two groups and sit facing one another on either side of the choir area in the “choir stalls”. In cathedrals the singers on the left (when facing the altar) are called “cantoris” and those on the right are called “decani” (pronounce: dee-CAY-nye).

A large pipe organ may have three or more manuals (keyboards). The third keyboard is called the "choir". Traditionally the sound from the choir organ comes from pipes in a separate box behind the organist, facing the choir (the singers). It is often used to accompany them.
Originally it was a separate instrument so that the organist had to turn round to play it. Later it became possible for the organist to play it from the main console. 

Some famous choirs include:

Motherboard

The motherboard, also known as a mainboard, is the main circuit board in any electronic system. It's what holds together all the components needed for an electronic system to function. Although there may be other circuit boards attached to the motherboard, the motherboard is the largest.

The painted, base material of a motherboard is composed of fiberglass yarn strands that have been woven together and coated with a liquid resin and set to dry. This combination of woven fiberglass and resin is sent through an oven at a high temperature. When it comes out, it hardens and becomes stronger than it was before. This finished, very-hard, lightweight material, called pre-preg, is layered together and then painted, typically green. It forms what is the base material of the motherboard. This material acts as an electrical insulator and holds everything in place.

Copper is used to form the communication pathways that connect all the different parts on the motherboard, and is used because of its excellent ability to conduct electricity.
“On-board” is a term used to refer to anything that is permanently embedded onto the motherboard. Electrical parts are soldered onto the motherboard. These parts include transistors and resistors. Other parts that are attached to the motherboard are able to be removed in the future so that they can be upgraded. The CPU is an example of a part that is usually removable.

Parts that are not "on-board" can be bought as a card. Some of these parts include RAM and CPU. Computers today usually have a memory port, 2 or more USB ports, a parallel port (for use with old printers usually), audio & microphone jacks, a network port and ports for the keyboard and mouse. There are also some rare motherboards that have plugs only for very specific parts.

All of the slots and plugs both inside and outside the computer case are shaped a certain way to accept a certain type of part. Some will not even accept parts even one generation behind, such as the CPU and memory. Others, like the video plug have not changed in years. Some of the plugs, such as the video, keyboard and mouse plugs, are a special color. These colors make it easier to pair the plug to the port. The motherboard may also be referred to as the PCB which stands for ‘printed circuit board’, though it is essentially a gigantic PCB and can be considered the 'primary' PCB.

High-definition television

High-definition television (HDTV) is a television broadcasting system which uses a higher resolution than a normal television. With HDTV, people can see sharper pictures than with old television, giving a more vivid and clear screen.

Most HDTV systems use digital signals with a aspect ratio (width to height). This is different to SDTV (standard-definition television) which uses analog signals and a aspect ratio.

HDTV picture resolution is at least twice that of SDTV, so it can present a more vivid screen than analog television or DVD. HDTV can control resolution efficiently.

Many videos on the website YouTube, a free video sharing website that lets people upload and view videos, are in HD.

There are different standards. Common ones are:

As a comparison, PAL plus is at 1024x576 pixels, and NTSC at 853x480 pixels.


Napoleon Dynamite

Napoleon Dynamite is a 2004 American comedy movie by John Hess and starring Jon Heder.

Napoleon is an unusual school teenager who lives in Preston, Idaho. He does not have a good home life. Napoleon lives with his older brother Kip and their grandmother. Napoleon’s grandmother goes to see some friends. Napoleon and Kip are left to stay with their uncle Rico. One day Napoleon meets Pedro. They become good friends. Pedro runs for school president. Pedro has to compete with the most popular girl in school, Summer Wheatly, to win the school vote. Napoleon meets a girl named Deb who he begins to like. Deb, Napoleon and Pedro keep working for Pedro to beat Summer Wheatly for president. Napoleon dances in a skit at the announcing of the president for Pedro. Kip gets married and Pedro becomes school president. Napoleon and Deb live a happy life together.


Charlize Theron

Charlize Theron (born 7 August 1975) is a South African-born American actress. She won an Academy Award for her role in the movie "Monster". She was nominated for her role in the movie "North Country". Theron can speak three languages, her first being Afrikaans.

Theron was born in Benoni near Johannesburg. Her ancestry is German and Dutch.

She attended a boarding school at the age of thirteen. At the age of fifteen, she saw her alcoholic father being killed by her mother as an act of self - defence. No charges were pressed against her mother.

At the age of sixteen, she won a local modelling competition and went to Milan, Italy for a one year contract. After her modelling contract was over, she moved to New York, United States, and became a ballet dancer. She injured her knee at the age of eighteen, ending her career of being a ballet dancer.

She did star in a few movies, but only really became noticed when she portrayed the life of serial killer, Aileen Wuornos, in the movie "Monster". She won an Oscar for her role in this movie. 

After this, she got a lot of attention from the perfume label, Dior, and appeared in some of their advertisements.

She also does a lot of community work, including for PETA, for their anti - fur ads. She also works with animal rights activists and supports same-sex marriage. She has become one of Hollywood’s most acclaimed actresses.

Theron became an American citizen in 2007.


Running

Running is the way in which people or animals travel quickly on their feet. It is a method of travelling on land. It is different to walking in that both feet are regularly off the ground at the same time. Different terms are used to refer to running according to the speed: jogging is slow, and sprinting is running fast.

Running is a popular form of exercise. It is also one of the oldest forms of sport. The exercise is known to be good for health; it helps breathing and heartbeat, and burns any spare calories. Running keeps a person fit and active. It also relieves stress. Running makes a person thirsty, so it is important to drink water when running.


Running injuries are quite common among runners. 
Many running injuries can be reduced through proper training, wearing of the correct gear and awareness of the running environment.


Running is a part of many forms of competitive racing. Most running races test speed, endurance or both. Track and field races are usually divided into sprints, middle-distance races and long-distance races. Races held off the track may be called cross-country races. A marathon is run over 42 kilometres.

Footraces have probably existed for most of human history. They were an important part of the ancient Olympic Games.


Monster (movie)

Monster is a 2003 American crime drama movie. It is a true story about female American serial killer Aileen Wuornos. Wuornos is played by Charlize Theron. She received an Academy Award for her role. The movie also features Christina Ricci as Wuornos' girlfriend. The movie was directed by first time director Patty Jenkins.

Guard dog

A guard dog, sometimes called an attack dog, is a dog that is trained to watch for and guard against people or animals who should not be there. Their main job is to keep their owner and the owner's property safe from danger. A guard dog is not the same as a "watchdog". A watchdog will let its owner know that a stranger is coming by barking. Guard dogs, however, may be trained to attack if their owner tells them to. A guard dog may also be trained to attack if a stranger comes too close. If trained properly, they will give a warning before attacking. A different type of guard dog is a livestock guard dog. Certain breeds of dogs are natural guardians of livestock. Their job is to stay with and guard a flock or herd against predators.





Different breeds of dogs are bred for different reasons, and are good at different things. 
The most common breeds used as personal protection and property dogs are:

Livestock guard dogs include:


Andrew Fisher

Andrew Fisher (29 August 1862 – 22 October 1928) was the fifth Prime Minister of Australia. He was Prime Minister three times. His government helped create the Royal Australian Navy and make Australia's own paper money. When he retired he moved to London.

Fisher was born in Crosshouse, Scotland, where he was educated at the Crosshouse Primary School. At the age of 10 he left school to work in the coal mines. In 1885 he moved to Australia where he worked in the coal mines at Burrum and Gympie. He was elected to the Queensland Parliament in 1892. In 1901 he married Margaret Irvine. Fisher was elected in 1901 to the seat of Wide Bay in the first Australian parliament.

When Fisher was Prime Minister a number of important projects were undertaken. The Commonwealth Bank was set up, the Northern Territory of South Australia was transferred to the Commonwealth, the federal capital of Canberra was founded, and the construction of the trans-Australian railway line linking Perth to the other capital cities was begun. As well as introducing maternity allowances, Fisher acknowledged the need for greater political equality for women.

Andrew Fisher is one of Australia's most successful prime ministers because of the changes he made. He was the first prime minister to have a majority in both the House of Representatives and the Senate. He was able to have more than 110 Acts passed into law.

The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time

The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an action-adventure video game. The game was published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It was published in Japan and North America in November 1998. In December, it was published in the PAL regions. It was the fifth "Legend of Zelda" video game. It was the first in 3D. In the game, the player character Link goes on an adventure to save the kingdom of Hyrule from the evil Ganondorf. To save Hyrule, Link must fight against Ganondorf and all his minions. A special object in the game is the sacred Ocarina that Link can play after he learns the songs, causing different effects depending on the song he plays, such as moving him to certain places around Hyrule (making it much easier and faster to travel), and starting rain (for example to water plants or fill dry lakes).

It was included in 

In the Kokiri Forest, the Great Deku Tree asks the fairy Navi to tell Link to come to him. When Link arrives, he learns that the Great Deku Tree is dying because of a curse placed on him by an evil man called Ganondorf. Link is the only one who can save him. Link must enter the Great Deku Tree in order to save him from the curse.

Although Link defeats the most of the monsters inside, he is too late to save the tree. Before the Great Deku Tree dies, he gives Link the Kokiri Emerald, a magic stone, and tells him that it was a man in black armor who put the curse on him. He also tells Link that he needs to go to princess of Hyrule at Hyrule Castle. Before he leaves, Saria, Link's friend, gives him the Fairy Ocarina, a magic instrument.

At Hyrule Castle, Link sneaks pass the guards and meets Princess Zelda. Zelda shows Link, through a window, a strange man with evil eyes. She tells Link that the man is Ganondorf. She also tells him that Ganondorf wants to steal the Triforce, a magic symbol of the Gods, and take control of the world. To defeat him, Link needs to find three magical "Spiritual Stones" (Kokiri Emerald being one of them), six great medallions and the magical Ocarina of Time.

"Ocarina of Time" was a very popular game, and many people liked it. Five million copies of the game were sold around the world after six months, and 7.6 million copies were sold in total.

Many people were happy with this game, although there were a few, small problems. One problem was that players cannot skip through the parts where people talk. Another was that players cannot play against the boss monsters that they have already killed.

Overall, many websites and magazines think that "Ocarina of Time" is one of the best games ever made. GameSpot, "Famitsu", IGN, "Electric Gaming Monthly", and "Edge" all gave the game perfect scores.

"Master Quest" for "Ocarina of Time 3D" is not available from the start. To unlock it, the main quest has to be completed first. Upon doing so, the player will have an option to choose between the Main Quest or the Master Quest after starting up the game, allowing a second playthrough of the game with redesigned dungeons.

This version of the Master Quest has two significant changes. The entire game has been mirrored, similarly to "Twilight Princess" for the Wii, making Link right-handed as well as flipping the entire overworld map and the dungeons. In addition to the game being mirrored, all of the enemies and bosses will cause twice as much damage to Link, which also applies to the "Master Quest"'s own Boss Challenge version.

The disc also includes preview trailers for then-upcoming games for the GameCube and Game Boy Advance. The selection of trailers differ by region, with Japan having more trailers from different companies and promoting the "Capcom Five". The "A Link to the Past & Four Swords" trailer is also different, having narration and focusing more on the "Four Swords" in the Japanese trailer.

Europe and North America

Japan

Australia

Korea

In the late 1990s, Nintendo developed an add-on peripheral for the Nintendo 64 called the Nintendo 64DD. The Nintendo 64DD used magnetic disks, with a larger memory capacity than the cartridges used for the Nintendo 64, allowing for more content and improved models and textures. While Nintendo hoped that the Nintendo 64DD would attract third-party developers, they also began developing several first-party titles, one of which was "Ocarina of Time". Struggling to attract interest to the platform, Nintendo moved development of "Ocarina of Time" to the Nintendo 64, which was released on a cartridge. At the time of this change, the game featured more content than the cartridges could hold and so parts of the game had to be removed.

Shigeru Miyamoto announced that an expansion would follow "Ocarina of Time", tentatively known as "Ura Zelda". The expansion was planned to include rearranged dungeons from the original game. The Nintendo 64DD became a commercial failure in Japan, and so most of Nintendo's planned titles for the 64DD, including "Ura Zelda", were never released. Miyamoto insisted that the game would continue to be developed, and in August 2000 indicated that "Ura Zelda" had been completed for some time. Despite this, Nintendo could not decide on how to release the game, and considered different methods such as a magazine tie-in.

Remnants of "Ura Zelda"'s 64DD origins still remain in "Ocarina of Time". Several error messages exist in the game's data regarding wrong disks being inserted. A "Disk" tag can also be made to appear in the title screen by modifying the RAM addresses of the game. A save file can also be flagged as a "Disk" save and a "Disk" icon will appear next to the save file on the file select screen. The file will be permanently grayed out and inaccessible, unless the game is tricked into thinking the expansion disk is inserted. Attempting to open the file afterwards will crash the game, presumably due to the game trying to load non-existent files.


David Schwimmer

David Lawrence Schwimmer (born November 2, 1966) is an American actor. He played Ross Geller, one of the six main characters in the television sitcom "Friends".

Schwimmer was born in Flushing, Queens, New York, to Arthur Schwimmer and Arlene Colman. He then lived in Valley Stream, Long Island, until he was two years old. He was raised in Los Angeles, California, where he attended Beverly Hills High School.

He attended Northwestern University’s summer “Cherub” program (the National High School Institute) in 1983. He later enrolled at the university as a theater student. In 1988, along with seven other Northwestern graduates, he co-founded Chicago's Lookingglass Theatre Company.

Schwimmer married Zoe Buckman in June 2010. He has a daughter Cleo Buckman Schwimmer. He lives in Los Angeles, California, New York City, New York, and in Chicago, Illinois.

Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

The Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) (, ) is a self-declared state with a government in exile claiming Western Sahara recognized by around 80 countries. The SADR is controlled by the Polisario Front consisting mostly our of Sahrawis. Its president is Brahim Ghali and its prime minister is Bucharaya Hammudi Beyun. Its capital is Aauin. The Polisario declared sovereignty on Western Sahara in 1976. The Polisario currently claims to controls about 20% of the territory it claims. Poliario calls the territories under its control "Liberated Territories" or as part of the Free Zone. Morocco controls and administers the rest of the disputed territory and calls these lands its Southern Provinces. The SADR government considers the Moroccan-held territory occupied territory, while Morocco considers the much smaller SADR held territory to be a buffer zone. The "free zone" is also referred to as 'west of the Verge and the southern Provinces are referred to as 'east of the Verge' by the UN.

The Western Sahara used to be a Spanish colony that lasted from 1884 to 1976. In the early seventies, Spain made its intentions to withdraw from the region clear. The countries Morocco, Mauritania as well as the liberation front Polisario want to succeed the Spanish authority. Spain planned on holding a vote in 1975 so the population of the territory can self determine who will gain authority. Morocco opposed this idea and requested the UN to inform about the legal status of the area. The international court of Justice declares its statement in 1975 favouring the idea of self-determination. As a response to this statement, King Hassan II of Morocco launches "The Green March" in which hundreds of thousands of Moroccan civilians march into Western Sahara to address its claim to the territory. Spain is able to stop the march, but under the pressure of Morocco and due to fear of getting engaged in a foreign conflict while having domestic problems decides to hand over the area to Moroccan and Mauritania. It agrees on a partition of the territory with Morocco gaining the northern two-thirds of the country and Mauritania the southern third.

Morocco bases its claims on the territory on historical motives and sees Western Sahara as part of the Moroccan nation. However, the presence of phosphor and fishing grounds in Western Sahara may have also been a motive.

The Polisario Front ("Popular Front for the Liberation of Saguia el-Hamra and Río de Oro", Spanish; "Frente Popular para la Liberación de Saguia el-Hamra y Río de Oro") came to existence in the early seventies as a guerilla movement opposing the Spanish colonial control. The Front consists mostly of Sahrawi - the indigenous nomadic people of Western Sahara. The political-militarian movement had its base in Mauritania until the partition of Western Sahara under Morocco and Mauritania. Polisario's military opposed the overtake of Morocco and Mauritania of Western Sahara. After the partition Polisario moved towards Algeria where it established its headquarters in Tindouf. It kept on opposing Morocco and Mauritania with the military aid of Algeria. In 1976 they exclaimed independence of the SADR and the government in exile. Algeria's support of Polisario and the SADR is a way to oppose Morocco, with which there are competing for regional power since both countries gained independence. Their support of Polisario could give them access to the Atlantic Ocean in the case Polisario would gain control over the Western Sahara.

In 1976 Mauritania signs a peace treaty with Polisario and retreated from Western Sahara in 1979. Morocco then annexes those parts. In 1981 it starts the construction of a berm that separates the parts controlled by Polisario, the so-called 'free zones' by Polisario, from the part controlled by Morocco.

In 1991 the UN called for a cease-fire and proposed that a referendum should be held with the creation of the United Nations Mission for the Organization of a Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO). The population should decide whether they wanted independence or integration in Morocco. The referendum kept on being postponed and when Muhammad VI replaced King Hassan II in 1999, Morocco did not agree anymore to holding the referendum. The UN then proposed what is known as the 'Baker plan' in which autonomy would be granted with Morocco still controlling foreign relations, national security, and defence for five years after which a referendum would be held for independence, autonomy or incorporation in Morocco. Algeria and Polisario accepted the plan but Morocco rejected it and state that it only saw autonomy as an option and that independence was no possibility. So far, no agreements have been reached.

The SADR was incorporated into the African Union in 1984 and gained recognition in many African states. Morocco left the Union but rejoined in 2017

The Sahrawi parliament or is the legislative body of the SADR. It is unicameral and consists of 53 members and has Hamma Salama as president. It was created in 1976 by the Polisario Front and they are the only party to be elected. Every three years new members are elected at elections are held either in the 'free zones' or in the refugee camps in Algeria where most of the Sahrawi population resides. Delegates in the refugee camps, representatives of Polisario and several civil organizations chose the candidates for the parliament.

The first two constitutions were promulgated in 1976 with the proclamation of the republic. When SADR joined the African Union in 1982 it was required to organize itself better politically. There were constitutional reforms and in 1991 a new constitution was promulgated. The constitution is very similar to that of Algeria, however with the peculiarity that the parliament is the main operating body instead of the president.

Plutonium

Plutonium is the chemical element with the atomic number 94 and chemical symbol Pu. It is a highly radioactive metal, and is the metal used in most nuclear weapons. The chemical element plutonium has some different isotopes. The most important isotope of plutonium is Pu (or plutonium-239). It takes 24,110 years for half of a sample of plutonium-239 to decay, which is called its half-life. It can be made from natural uranium. It is fissile and a nuclear fuel. 

The isotope that has the longest half-life is Pu (or plutonium-244). Plutonium-244 has a half-life of about 80 million years. The half-life of Pu is long enough that some of this isotope of plutonium is found in very small amounts in nature. 
Plutonium-238 is used in Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators. 

Like other transuranium elements, plutonium can react with water, oxygen, carbon, halogens, nitrogen, and silicon. It forms oxides and hydrides in moist air, causing the plutonium sample to expand by up to 70%. Plutonium from the expanding sample can flake off and catch fire at room temperature. Plutonium is also toxic, although it is less toxic than many people think. The reactivity and toxicity of plutonium make it difficult to handle.

Fresh plutonium has a silvery bright colour but takes on a dull grey, yellow or olive green tarnish when exposed to air.

Superman Returns (video game)

Superman Returns is a video game based on the movie "Superman Returns". It is available for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance consoles.

Some video game websites said this game would come out for computers (PC), but Electronic Arts chose not to make a PC version of this game. There was going to be a Gamecube version, but it was cancelled because of a 2006 contract with Major League Baseball as well as to avoid competition with two other movie-licensed games ("Charlotte's Web" and "Dreamgirls").

Malay

Malay has several meanings:






Al Jazeera

Al Jazeera (in Arabic: الجزيرة al-Jazi'yra) is an Arabic-language television channel from Doha, Qatar. Al Jazeera means "The Peninsula" in Arabic. It is named that way because it claims to be the only independent news network in the Middle East. At first it was a satellite TV channel which broadcast in Arabic only. Now there is also a channel in English, a sports channel, a conference channel, a documentary channel and a children's channel.

Next to its original channel Al Jazeera also has many other channels about specific things.

The first Al Jazeera channel was created in 1996. This was made possible with 150 million US$ from the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa.

In April 1996 the BBC World channel, which operated in Arabic, was shut down. This channel was partly owned by Saudi-Arabia. Many of the journalists from this station started working with Al Jazeera. The channel started broadcasting at the End of 1996.

Because Al Jazeera was available in the whole region via satellite, it changed the television landscape of the region. Before that people could only watch channels that were censored by the different states. Al Jazeera brought a new level of freedom of speech in television to the Middle East. Al Jazeera has always shown controversy on many governments in the Middle East, for example Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain and Qatar. It also was critical about Syria's relationship with the Lebanon and of the judiciary in Egypt. 

For example, on January 27, 1999 Al Jazeera had critics of the government of Algeria on their live program "El-Itidjah el-Mouakass" (Arabic for "The Opposite Direction"). To stop people from watching this program in Algeria, the government of Algeria cut the electricity in large parts of the country. At that time many people outside the Middle East did not know about Al Jazeera. Those people who knew it said generally good things about Al Jazeera. Because of good reporting from the Lebanese Civil War in 2000-2001 Al Jazeera got even more viewers. However it only became known worldwide after it broadcast statements from al-Qaeda leaders in 2001.

Most people think that people that live in the Middle East are given little information and that what they get is biased toward the government. Many people in the Arab world see Al Jazeera as a good and true source of information. Some scholars use the word of "contextual objectivity", which means that Al Jazeera shows both sides of a story, but still manages to be popular with the audience. Because of this it is probably the most watched news channel in the Middle East. More and more channels, for example BBC and CNN, are using material from Al Jazeera.

The first Al Jazeera can be watched all over the world with several different satellite and cable systems. In the U.S. Al Jazeera can be watched on DVB-S on the Galaxy 25 and 23 satellites. In Europe, Northern Africa and the Middle East it can be received via DVB-S on the Astra and Hot Bird satellites. In Australia Al Jazeera can be watched via the Optus C1 satellite and in the United Kingdom it can be watched via Sky and Freesat.

Al Jazeera has had many controversies and criticism.


Boron

Boron is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol B. It has the atomic number 5. It is a metalloid (it has properties of a metal and a non-metal). Much boron is found in chemical compounds in its ore borax. Boron is never found free in nature. 

Two types of boron are found (allotropes). Amorphous boron is a brown powder and metallic (crystalline) boron is black and hard and a weak conductor at room temperature. Boron is the 5th element in the periodic table and is part of the Earth's surface.
Pure boron is used as a dopant (a substance added to semiconductors to change how it behaves with electricity) in the semiconductor industry. Chemical compounds of boron are important as to make strong materials not weigh very much, as nontoxic insecticides and preservatives, and for chemical synthesis.

Plants need boron in them to live. Very small amounts of boron are needed in animal's bodies so that they are very healthy. How it keeps animals healthy is not known in detail. 

Boron was discovered by Sir Humphry Davy, an English chemist, in 1808.

Boron melts at 2075 °C (3767 °F), and boils at 4000 °C (7232 °F).

Fireplace

A fireplace is a brick or metal structure used to hold a fire. Fireplaces are most often used for heating but they can also be used for cooking. The part of the fireplace that holds the fire is called a "firebox" or a "firepit". There is a chimney or flue above the firebox that lets the smoke from the fire go outside.

Until the early 1900s, most homes had one or more fireplaces as a source of heat for the residents of the house. In the mid-1900s, gas, oil, and electric heaters became more common and fireplaces were used less often as a source of heat. In the late 1900s, fireplaces were less commonly built in new houses.


Dubnium

Dubnium is a chemical element. It has the symbol Db and it has the atomic number 105. It is a very radioactive element that does not exist in nature. It has to be made in a lab. It is a transuranium element created by bombarding californium-249 with nitrogen-15 nuclei. The isotope that has the longest half-life only has a half life of 32 hours. Dubnium is a transactinide element.

The Soviet Joint Institute for Nuclear Research (JINR) had said they first discovered the element in 1968, followed by the American Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1970. Both teams shared their names for the new element and used them without formal approval. The long-standing argument was settled in 1993 by an official investigation of the discovery claims by the Transfermium Working Group, formed by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry and the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics, resulting in credit for the discovery being officially shared between both teams. The element was then named "dubnium" in 1997 after the town of Dubna, the site of the JINR.

There are no current uses for Dubnium seeing as its too radioactive and ts short half life makes it almost impossible to work with.

Hypothesized research says that dubnium is a member of group 5 in the 6d series of transition metals, placing it under vanadium, niobium, and tantalum. Dubnium should share most properties, such as its valence electron configuration and having a mainly +5 oxidation state, with the other group 5 elements, with a few exceptions due to relativistic effects. Limited research of dubnium chemistry has confirmed this. Solution chemistry experiments have shown that dubnium often behaves more like niobium rather than tantalum, breaking periodic trends.

Upland, California

Upland is a city in San Bernardino County, California. As of the 2020 census, 79,040 people lived in Upland. It became a city on May 15, 1906, after previously being named North Ontario and a part of Ontario.

Upland used to be famous for skateboarding because of its skate park, The Pipeline, but the park was demolished in the 1980s.

The rapper Litefoot was born in Upland.

Neuchâtel

Neuchâtel is a city in Switzerland. It is the capital of Canton of Neuchâtel. As of 2003, the city had a population of 31,571 people. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Corcelles-Cormondrèche, Peseux and Valangin merged to form the municipality of Neuchâtel.


Sonic the Hedgehog

Sonic the Hedgehog is a Japanese platform video game series and media franchise created by Sega and featuring their mascot, Sonic. It is a series of fast platform games. Sonic is the main character. He is a bright blue hedgehog with supersonic speed. Usually, Sonic must stop the villain, Doctor Eggman's, plans for taking over the world. Sonic is often helped by his friends like Tails, Amy Rose, and Knuckles.

The first "Sonic the Hedgehog" game was released in 1991. It was created by Sega's Sonic Team division after Sega wanted a new mascot character. This was because they wanted to replace Alex Kidd, and they wanted to compete with Nintendo's mascot, Mario. Its success made many sequels, and it helped Sega become one of the biggest video game companies during the 16-bit era of the early 1990s. The first major 3D "Sonic" game, "Sonic Adventure", was released in 1998 for the Dreamcast.

The series made over by 2014. As of 2018, the series has sold 800million copies. This includes free-to-play mobile game downloads.

The Silence of the Lambs

The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American crime horror thriller movie. It was directed by Jonathan Demme. It stars Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins. It is based on the novel by Thomas Harris. The movie is about psychopathic psychiatrist and cannibal Dr. Hannibal Lecter and FBI agent Clarice Starling. The movie was released in 1991. 

In the movie, Clarice Starling, a young FBI worker, is sent to see the Dr. Lecter in prison to ask his advice on catching a serial killer called Buffalo Bill. Buffalo Bill has been kidnapping women and killing them.

When the movie was being made, the FBI helped with the making of the movie. They used the movie to try to have more women join the FBI.

Jonathan Demme won an Academy Award for Best Director. Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins both won Academy Awards. The movie also won Oscars for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture. It became the third and most recent movie (the other two being 1934's "It Happened One Night" and 1975's "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest") to win Academy Awards in all the major five categories: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Adapted Screenplay. It is also the only horror movie to have won the Oscar for Best Picture.

Hopkins' performance as Lecter is one of the shortest lead acting Oscar-winning performances ever. Hopkins is only on screen for seventeen minutes in the movie.



Ammerland

Ammerland is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is bounded by (from the east and clockwise) the city of Oldenburg and the districts of Oldenburg, Cloppenburg, Leer, Friesland and Wesermarsch.

The central point of the district is the Zwischenahner Meer near the resort town of Bad Zwischenahn, a lake with an area of 5.5 km ("Meer" is the German word for "sea", but in the local Low German, as in Dutch, it means "lake").


Aurich (district)

Aurich is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is bounded by (from the north and clockwise) the North Sea, the districts of Wittmund and Leer, and the city of Emden.


Bentheim

Bentheim may be:




Celle (district)

Celle () is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Cloppenburg (district)

Cloppenburg is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany.


Cuxhaven (district)

Cuxhaven is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany.


Diepholz (district)

Diepholz is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany. 

Emsland

Emsland is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is named after the river Ems.

Free municipalities and towns

Samtgemeinden 

Friesland (district)

Friesland is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany. 

In the east the district is bounded by the Jade Bight, a shallow bay of the North Sea. The island of Wangerooge, one of the East Frisian Islands, is a part of Friesland.

Gifhorn (district)

Gifhorn is a Landkreis (district) in Germany in the state of Lower Saxony. It has about 175.000 inhabitants. Gifhorn is located in the north of Braunschweig.

In the district of Gifhorn there are 41 local communities.(numbers of inhabitants from the 30th June, 2005).

Communities

Samtgemeinden with their local communities

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Seat of Samtgemeinde government

Area without community (uninhabited)

Göttingen (district)

Göttingen is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany.

The western half of the district is covered by the Weserbergland mountains.

Goslar (district)

Goslar is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany. The Harz National Park is part of this district.

The following towns and municipalities are in Goslar:

Harburg

Harburg may refer to:


Helmstedt (district)

Helmstedt is a district in Lower Saxony, Germany.

George Cleveland

George Cleveland was a Canadian actor. He was born on September 17, 1885 in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada. He was the Grandfather in the television series "Lassie". He died July 15, 1957.

Othello

The Tragedy of Othello, the Moor of Venice is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare around 1603. It was first performed on 1 November 1604 at Whitehall Palace in London. More recently, Othello was shown on Masterpiece Theater on PBS. The opera "Otello" of Giuseppe Verdi is based on this play.

At the start of the play Othello, a Moorish general in the army, promotes Cassio to lieutenant. Iago, his ensign, is angry and jealous, so he plots against Cassio by making him look bad and making Othello uncertain about keeping him as his lieutenant. Some of the things he does are to get him drunk and to start a fight with someone else from the army. Iago also tells Othello that his wife, Desdemona, is cheating on him with Cassio. Cassio is demoted and Iago is promoted to lieutenant. Othello kills Desdemona and is then told by Iago's wife, Emilia, that Iago plotted against him. He goes after Iago, and injures him but does not kill him. Othello then kills himself next to his wife after saying sorry to Cassio for what he has done.


Commonwealth Games

The Commonwealth Games is a multinational, multi-sport event. Held every four years, it involves the elite athletes of the Commonwealth of Nations. Attendance at the Commonwealth Games is typically around 5,000 athletes.

The idea for a competition between members of the British Empire was first suggested by the Reverend Astley Cooper in 1891. The first such event, then known as the British Empire Games, was held in 1930. The name changed to British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1954, to British Commonwealth Games in 1970 and assumed the current name of the Commonwealth Games in 1978.

The following cities have hosted the Commonwealth Games, and their predecessors






Doncaster

Doncaster is a large city in the north of England. It is in South Yorkshire, which is a Metropolitan County (an area of dense population). 

Doncaster has a population of 109,805; the metropolitan borough has a population of 311,890.

Doncaster is near other, larger, cities, such as Sheffield and Leeds.

Doncaster is an ancient city that developed from a Roman fort called 'Danum'. It was built on a Roman road Ermine Street, which linked London to York. The fort was built where Doncaster Minster now stands. However in the 4th century Roman civilization declined and the last Roman soldiers left Britain in 407 AD.

Later Doncaster developed into a medieval cityship with a fortified boundary and historic gates. What remains of the gates can still be seen in the city today. Conisbrough Castle was built here after the Norman Conquest and, following a slow building up of markets across the centuries, the city quickly became the most profitable of its size in the county.

Doncaster also has a market which has existed for over 750 years. 

As the centuries passed, Doncaster became an important city post on the route between London and Edinburgh. An ancient road called the Great North Road passed straight through the very centre of Doncaster, and the city grew around and along this road.

When railways were invented, Doncaster became famous for steam trains. It was an important stop for trains travelling between Scotland and London. It is still an important stop today. A big factory for making trains was built in Doncaster. Some of the finest and fastest steam trains in the world were built in Doncaster. These trains include "The Flying Scotsman", "The Mallard", and "The Sir Nigel Gresley". The station also houses a unique Victorian themed bar on platform 3b. 

Doncaster was one of the first places in the country that made aeroplanes and had an airport. The first airshow in the country was held in Doncaster in 1908.

Doncaster has an international airport which was opened in 2005. The airport is growing very fast and lots of people from across the region and across Europe now use Doncaster as a popular destination – which is something that people have already been doing for the last 2000 years.

Doncaster is famous for horse racing. Doncaster is one of the oldest racecourses in the world. It hosts two famous horse races: The Doncaster Cup, which is the oldest horse race in the world, and the St Leger Stakes, which is the oldest classic horse race in the world. There has been horse racing in Doncaster for over 500 years. The horse racing started because of the horses that used to pull horse-drawn coaches on the Great North Road.


Doncaster is also the name of a suburb in eastern Melbourne, Australia. It is home to two state primary schools: Doncaster Gardens Primary School and Doncaster Primary School.

Aly &amp; AJ

78violet (formerly Aly & AJ) are an American music group. The members are Amanda Michalka and her sister, Alyson who is two years older. 


Aly & AJ lived in Seattle, Washington in the early 1990s, then moved back to Southern California. They learned to play the piano at the age of six. They both were in the movie "My Super Sweet 16 The Movie".


Middlesbrough

Middlesbrough is a large town in North Yorkshire in northeast England. About 135,000 people live there. It is in the traditional North Riding of Yorkshire. 

Middlesbrough was formerly administered as part of the county borough of Teesside, later the county of Cleveland, and it is now in the unitary authority of the Borough of Middlesbrough. St Mary's Cathedral is the seat of the bishop of Middlesbrough.

The name is often spelt incorrectly as 'Middlesborough' but 'Middlesbrough' is correct. The town is abbreviated to Boro by locals.

It has a Championship football club: Middlesbrough F.C..

Argentine National Anthem

The lyrics of the Himno Nacional Argentino (the national anthem of Argentina) were written by Vicente López y Planes, and the music was composed by Blas Parera. This song was adopted as the national anthem on May 11, 1813, three years before the formal declaration of independence from Spain. May 11 is therefore "Anthem Day" in Argentina.

The following is the modern version, adopted in 1900, without the vivid attacks against Spain.

2008 comprehensive translation, adapted for the tune
"Same meaning, somehow more positive"

O'Hear "Mortals" these sacred words...
"We Are Free!, We Are Free!, We Are Free!"
O'Hear the sounds of broken old chains,
See enthroned our great noble Flag!
Her glorious passage was for us unveiled,
By "The United Provinces of the South".
And the world's free men now respond...
The Great Argentine people: "We Greet!"
The Great Argentine people: "We Greet!"
And the world's free men now respond...
The Great Argentine people: "We Greet!"
And the world's free men now respond...
The Great Argentine people: "We Greet!"

"Chorus"

May these Laurels be eternal,
Well we knew how to fetch them.
Well we knew how to fetch them.
Let us all live crowned with Glory,
Or full with Glory, let's swear to die.
Full with Glory, let's swear to die.
Full with Glory, let's swear to die.

The original version, "Marcha Patriótica", is as follows:

Emily Dickinson

Emily Dickinson (December 10, 1830 - May 15, 1886) was an American poet. She is known as "one of America’s greatest and most original poets of all time." She is famous for writing almost 1,800 poems. Only a few of them were printed while she was living. Because she wrote in a different way, other people changed parts of her poems before the world could read them. She was born in Amherst, Massachusetts, lived her whole life there, and died there after a long illness. People describe her poems as lyrical and original. She grew a garden of herbs and wild flowers for their healing abilities and often talked about them in her poems. 

Emily Dickinson's poetry has had a big effect on the poetry of other writers. Her complete poems were printed only after she died. The first people to print those poems often changed them to fit the poetry style of that time. The first printing of her complete poems in the way she wrote them was in 1955 in "The Poems of Emily Dickinson", edited by Thomas Johnson. That work contained 1,775 poems. Another collection by R. W. Franklin in 1998 contained 1,789 poems. Her poems are now very easy to find in libraries and bookstores.

Her teachers saw her writing talent. She did well in Latin and science. But she did not win any writing awards during her lifetime. Some readers didn't like her work because of her unusual use of words, punctuation, and poetic form. In her late twenties, she chose to stay with her family most of the time.

Her father, Edward Dickinson, was a lawyer, a member of the Whig Party, a Massachusetts state lawmaker (1838-39, 1842-43), and a United States Representative from 1853 to 1855. Emily's parents loved their children but often did not show their emotions.

Her family had a good amount of money and had many friends. She had a brother named Austin and a sister named Lavinia. She had a normal life when she was a child. When she became an adult, she spent more and more time alone to do her thinking and writing. Later on, she became known for often—but not always—wearing white clothing.

She wrote most of her poems (over 1,100 of them) between 1855 and 1865. During this time she would copy many of these poems onto good paper and sew them together in little booklets, called fascicles. She didn't show these to anyone. 

Emily Dickinson never married. She had strong connections with several men as friends, confidants, and mentors. She also enjoyed a close connection with her friend and sister-in-law, Susan Gilbert Dickinson.

Over most of her writing life, the idea of death was very strong in Dickinson's poetry. She thought about it a lot. When she was a young adult, the disease of tuberculosis was very common in Amherst and very deadly. In the last five years before her own death, many of her close friends died. The death of her young nephew Gib happened just before she herself fell very ill, but not with tuberculosis.

She was sick with some health problems, both physical and mental. Maybe she had depression and anxiety disorders. When she was almost 35, she began to suffer from pain in her eyes and sensitivity to light. She went to Boston for a doctor's help with that. In Boston she stayed with her cousins, but she never went far away again after she returned to Amherst. 

Dickinson was sick for about two and a half years before she died. She did not leave her bed for seven months before she died at the age of 56. She seems to have died from a stroke. But the exact causes of her long illness are not clear. She was buried in West Cemetery, in Amherst, Massachusetts.

In 1976, "The Belle of Amherst", a one-woman play based on Dickinson's life, played on Broadway. Julie Harris played the part not only of Emily but of all other characters, as well.

In 2016 English director Terence Davies wrote and directed "A Quiet Passion". Cynthia Nixon played Dickinson in this biographical movie.

From 2019 to 2021 Hailee Steinfeld played the part of Emily Dickinson in the three seasons of the television comedy "Dickinson."

Indianapolis 500

The Indianapolis 500 is an automobile race held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana, which is near Indianapolis, Indiana. It is one of the biggest racing events in the world. Every year more than 200,000 people come there to watch the race. It occurs once a year on the day before Memorial Day. This event gives its name to the IndyCar class, a type of open-wheel race car that races in it. Fans of this race sometimes call the race the Indy 500.

The Indianapolis Motor Speedway complex was built in 1909 as a gravel-and-tar track and hosted an assortment of small events, including ones for motorcycles.

Mahout

A mahout (ORIGIN from Hindi mahāvat) is a person who drives an elephant. Usually, a mahout starts as a boy, when he is given a young elephant so that they become attached to each other.

The most common tool used by mahouts is a goad called "anlius", or "ankusha" - a sharp hook used to guide a tamed elephant by prodding on the back of its head. 

John Wesley

John Wesley (; 2 March 1791) was one of the founders of the Methodist church. He was an Anglican minister and Christian theologian. He was an early leader in the Methodist movement. Wesley's life had three distinct phases. The first at Oxford University with the founding of the "Holy Club", the second while Wesley was a missionary priest in Savannah, Georgia; and the third after Wesley's return to England. Throughout his life, Wesley remained within the Church of England. He said that his movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church. 

John Wesley was born in Epworth, England. He was the son of Samuel Wesley, a graduate of Oxford, and minister of the Church of England. In 1669, Samuel married Susanna Annesley. Both Samuel and Susanna were raised in the same town. 

In 1696, Samuel Welsey was appointed the rector of Epworth. This is where John was born. The Wesley children's early education was given by their parents in the Epworth rectory. Each child, including the girls, was taught to read as soon as they can could walk and talk. 

During his early youth, John Wesley had a deep religious experience. At the age of five, John was rescued from the burning rectory. This escape made deep impression on his mind. He regarded himself as set apart for God, as a "brand plucked from burning". 

John was admitted to the Charterhouse School, London. There he lived (for a while) the religious life in which he had been trained at home. His biographer, Tyerman, says that he went to Charterhouse a saint, but he became negligent of religious duties and left a sinner.

In June 1720, Wesley entered Christ Church, Oxford, with an annual allowance of 40 pounds as Charterhouse scholar. His health was poor and he found it hard to keep out of debt. There along with his brother Charles, he followed a strict religious life. He went to church often, prayed and helped people. He visited prisoners in jail. Some of them were condemned to be hanged. He drew up for 1721 a time-table of study, worship and service for each day of the week. This can still be seen in his earliest diary from April 15, 1725 to February 12, 1727. The Wesley brothers and a few other scholars in his "Holy Club" were called "Methodists" because they followed this strict method of life.

John and Charles went to Georgia as missionary priests in the Anglican church. Their hope of converting many Indians to Christianity was unfulfilled. After a failed love affair by John, the brothers returned home. During the Atlantic crossing a strong storm almost sank their boat. John was very frightened but noticed that some Moravian Christians were at peace. This made him think that his faith was not the same as theirs. They were sure that God had forgiven their sins through faith in Christ. 

In 1738, he heard a reading of Luther's preface to the Epistle to the Romans, and penned the now famous lines: "I felt my heart strangely warmed". He then knew that God had forgiven him and that he was accepted by God. This revolutionized his ministry. Charles had a similar experience of salvation about the same time. John Wesley wrote many books about Scripture and the Christian life. Charles Wesley helped him with many hymns he wrote. These hymns supported the message that John preached.

Wesley travelled constantly, usually on horseback. He preached to many people. After a while some Anglican leaders told him not to preach in their churches. After that he preached outdoors. Sometimes thousands of people listened to his preaching. His followers stayed in the Anglican Church, but formed "societies" to help each other in faith. As the movement grew, Wesley examined and sent out preachers, began aid charities, and cared for the sick. 

His followers were called Methodists. They spread to many countries. Soon there were many in the American Colonies. After the Revolutionary War there were few Anglican priests in America. Wesley send two superintendents to care for the Methodists there. Eventually, the Methodists became a separate denomination in both American and England. 

Denomination

Denomination could mean:


Joseph Cook

Sir Joseph Cook (7 December 1860 – 30 July 1947) was the sixth Prime Minister of Australia from June 1913 until September 1914. He was Prime Minister when World War I started. He moved to London when he retired.

Antihero

An antihero is a main character in a story who does not act like a traditional hero. The antihero does not show idealism, courage, and morality.

The antihero became prominent in early 20th century existentialist works such as Franz Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" (1915), Jean-Paul Sartre's "La Nausée" (1938), and Albert Camus' "L'Étranger" (1942) (). The protagonist in these works is an indecisive central character who drifts through his life and is marked by ennui, angst, and alienation.

Examples of antiheroes from modern pop culture are Marvel Comics The Punisher & Deadpool, Sega's "Shadow The Hedgehog", DC's Batman, Catwoman of Batman, John Constantine, Sweeney Todd, Light Yagami from the "Death Note" manga / anime series, Robin Hood, V from "V for Vendetta", and Kratos from the "God of War" video-game franchise.

From English literature the classic example is Prince Hamlet from "Hamlet" by William Shakespeare, and from children's literature Discord from "".

Most of the time it means a character in fiction, television, or movies. Sometimes it is used to mean a real person. Sometimes the antihero is linked to the author's social critique or message to the reader: for example, the unnamed protagonist in Fyodor Dostoyevsky's "Notes from Underground".

The whole concept was the subject of a book by Colin Wilson called "The Outsider". There the author imagines he is in the position of many of his favourite characters in fiction, such as Dostoevsky's Raskolnikov.


 

Hestia

Hestia is a virgin Greek goddess of the hearth, home and fire. It was believed all hearths were her altars. She also symbolized the alliance between colonies and their mother cities. Her sacred animal is the pig.

Hestia is the older sister of Demeter and Hera, and is also the sister of Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades. Her parents are Titans Rhea and Kronos.

Hestia was originally one of the Twelve Olympians. Her throne was described as plain, being made of wood with a woolen white cushion. She did not choose an emblem for herself.

Hestia was the first to be swallowed by her father Kronos when he ate the Twelve Olympians, and the last to be disgorged. 

She gave up her throne on Mount Olympus, and gave it to Dionysus to avoid a possible civil war. Hestia instead tended to the sacred fire on Mount Olympus. Because she could not leave from the hearth, Hestia did not have many stories centered around her. 

In ancient tales, Hestia refused the marriage offers of Apollo and Poseidon. She vowed on the River Styx to forever be a virgin goddess.

Hestia was always the first to receive offerings at every sacrifice in a household. Any hearth of a household was forbidden to go out unless the fire was ritually extinguished and ritually revived. The hearth of the prytaneum was Hestia's official sanctuary. When a new colony was formed, a flame from Hestia's public hearth in the mother city would be carried to the new settlement.


Alison Balsom

Alison Balsom (born 7 October 1978, Hertfordshire) is an English trumpeter. She grew up in Royston, Hertfordshire in England. She studied the trumpet at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, the Paris Conservatory, and also with Håkan Hardenberger. She is a BBC Radio 3 New Generation Artist. She has made three CD albums with EMI Classics and has been described by many as the best trumpeter of the young generation. 


The BBC Music Magazine cover disc for December 2010 has: Haydn & Hummel concertos (not the 2008 EMI recordings); Albinoni's Oboe Concerto Op. 9 No. 2, transcribed for trumpet; and Vivaldi's Violin Concerto Op. 3 No. 9, arranged for trumpet and instrumental trio.



Continuity

Continuity is a word used when talking about art, especially "serial art". Serial art is when an artist paints several pictures which all have something to do with each other. 

The six Star Wars films tell one long story which "continues" from part to part. This is where the word "continuity" comes from. Continuity refers to consistency from part to part-- that is, everything should fit together like one whole piece.

At the end of the Star Wars film The Empire Strikes Back, Luke Skywalker loses one of his hands. In the next film, Return of the Jedi, he has a fake hand to replace the one he lost. If he had his real hand again, it wouldn't make sense. The audience would say, did not he lose his hand in the last one? Continuity is making sure things make sense.

Sometimes the word is used to refer to any work of art, like just one film. For example, a woman has a full glass of wine in one shot. In the next shot, the wine is gone. In a third shot, she has a full glass of wine again. That scene would have very poor continuity: it does not make sense, and it reminds the audience that they are watching a movie. Poor continuity is continuity that does not make sense and usually has mistakes.

In American comic books, many different characters live in the same world. For example, Superman and Aquaman live in the same world. But if Superman goes to Atlantis and it's different than Aquaman's Atlantis, it does not make sense. If they are in the same world, Atlantis should be the same no matter who visits it.

Making sure that all the different stories and characters fit together is working with continuity. Sometimes, the word is used to talk about the stories themselves.

Håkan Hardenberger

Håkan Hardenberger (born 1961, Malmö) is a Swedish trumpeter. He started playing the trumpet when he was eight. His teacher was Bo Nilsson, When he left school he studied in Paris and Los Angeles. He is one of the world’s most famous trumpeters. He plays well-known pieces of Classical music and has also asked living composers like Harrison Birtwistle, Hans Werner Henze and Arvo Pärt to write music for him.


Skink

Skinks are a family of small lizards, the Scincidae. There are over 1,500 different species of skink.

Skinks are different from other lizards. They have very small legs and necks. Some have no legs at all; these move more like snakes than lizards. Their tails can grow back when part of it is cut off. This is called regeneration.

Skinks are small: most can only grow to be 12cm long. Some can grow to be 35cm. A trait of skinks is a love of digging and burrowing. Underground they are mostly safe from predators. Sometimes they dig tunnels for easy navigation. They also use their tongues to sniff the air and track their prey. When they encounter their prey, they chase it down until they corner it or manage to land a bite and then swallow it whole. Some skinks live in trees. If they do, then they usually have longer fingers.

Many skinks are insectivorous. They may also eat other small invertebrates like earthworms, millipedes, slugs and snails. Some skinks supplement their diet with fruit and vegetables.

Skinks have been around a long time: their jawbones appear in the fossil record about 140 million years ago, during the early Cretaceous. Definitively skink fossils appear later, during the Miocene period.

Geronimo Stilton (character)

Geronimo is a character in the "Geronimo Stilton" series. He is the publisher of the Rodent's Gazeete.

According to himself, the real creator is Edizoni Piemme, who once published the
Italian books by Piemme/Junior. Geronimo's middle name was never casted in the books.
There are many books of his series. One of them is "All Because of a Cup of Coffee".

Younger sister - Thea Stilton

Cousin - Trap Stilton

Nephew - Benjamin Stilton

Grandfather - William Shortpaws

Niece - Bugsy Wugsy

Dionysus

Dionysus (, also spelt Dionysos, Dionysius) is the Greek god of frenzies, festivities, spiritual ecstasy, wine, and alcohol in general.
Amongst the Orphists (who are a select group of followers of the Ancient Greek Religion) Dionysus is considered a saviour.

There are two stories on how Dionysus was born. One says that he was the son of Zeus and Semele. The other says that he was the son of Zeus and Persephone, queen of the Underworld. Either way, in both stories Dionysus is sent to the Underworld by Zeus' jealous wife Hera. After that, he is saved and brought to life.Other sources say that he was half god half mortal and then later turned into a full god

Dionysus was the god of celebrations. He was also the god of wine. According to a myth, the Titans lured Dionysus with toys and wanted to eat him. When Zeus found out, it was too late and they had eaten everything except his heart. With that Zeus put the heart in the womb of Semele and he was born again.


Motor neurone disease

Motor neurone disease, also known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and Lou Gehrig’s disease, is a condition that affects the nerves that control movement. It is a chronic and progressive disease, which means that it gets worse over time and eventually leads to death. There is no known cure.

There is a slow but steady death of the nerve cells in the central nervous system making them stop sending messages to the muscles. The disorder causes muscle weakness and muscle shrinking (atrophy) throughout the body. Unable to function, the muscles gradually weaken and waste away. Eventually, the ability of the brain to start and control voluntary movement is lost. However, even patients in later stages of the disease may still have the same intelligence, memory, and personality they had before it started.

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is the most common of the five types of motor neurone disease. About 5 to 10% of cases are inherited from a person's parents. 

Motor neurone disease does not show many symptoms, making it very hard to diagnose. It usually affects people ages 40-60. The earliest symptoms may include twitching, cramping, or stiffness of muscles; muscle weakness affecting an arm or a leg; slurred and strange-sounding nasal speech; or having a difficult time chewing or swallowing. These general symptoms then develop into clear weakness or atrophy that may cause a physician to believe that a person has ALS.

The parts of the body affected by early symptoms of ALS depend on which muscles in the body are affected first. About 75% of people have limb onset ALS. In some of these cases, symptoms first affect one of the legs, and patients have awkwardness when walking or running or they notice that they are tripping or stumbling more often. Other limb onset patients first see the effects of the disease on a hand or arm as they have a difficult time with simple tasks requiring hand dexterity, or ability to move small things, such as buttoning a shirt, writing, or turning a key in a lock.

About 25% of cases are bulbar onset ALS. These patients first have difficulty speaking clearly. Speech becomes hard to understand and slurred. Speaking through the nose and softer talking are often the first symptoms. Difficulty swallowing, and loss of tongue movement follow. Eventually total loss of speech and ability to keep the airway clear when swallowing are experienced.

There is no cure for ALS. However, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the first drug treatment for the disease: riluzole. Riluzole is believed to reduce damage to motor neurons. Clinical trials with ALS patients showed that riluzole gives a better chance of survival by several months, mainly in those with a hard time swallowing. The drug also allows more time before a patient needs breathing help by a ventilator or tracheotomy. Riluzole does not heal the damage already done to motor neurons.

Other treatments for ALS are designed to make symptoms less painful and improve the quality of life for patients.

Fields Medal

The Fields Medal is a prize given to mathematicians who are not over 40 years of age. It is given at each International Congress of the International Mathematical Union. This is a meeting that takes place every four years.

The Canadian mathematician John Charles Fields was the first to propose this medal and it was first awarded in 1936. It has been regularly awarded since 1950. Its purpose is to support younger mathematicians who made major contributions.

The Fields Medal is viewed, at least in the media, as the top honor a mathematician can receive. It comes with a monetary award. In 2006 the award was C$15,000 (US$13,400 or €10,550). The Abel Prize has similar prestige, and more money.

The Fields Medal is often described as the "Nobel Prize of mathematics". But there are several differences. First, it is awarded not only to recognize the valuable contributions of a mathematician but also to encourage him or her to continue their works. The Fields Medals have generally been awarded for a mathematician's whole work.

Another difference is that the Fields Medal is awarded every four years. The recipients cannot be over the age of 40.



Laugh

A laugh is a way of showing happiness. It is a vocal sound which a person makes when something is funny, like a joke, or a tickle.

Sometimes people laugh when they are not happy. When people are ashamed or embarrassed, sometimes they react by laughing.

There are different ways to laugh. A person can laugh using mostly their voice, mostly their throat, or mostly their nose.

You can write a laugh in different ways. Some people write "ha ha ha", or "he he he", or "hehe". If they are on the internet, they also use "LOL". "LOL" does not sound like a laugh, but it stands for Laughing Out Loud.

Human babies first laugh at the age of around three or four months, usually as an expression of surprise. Babies' laughter often produces a positive response in adults who will involuntarily copy the child. Video footage, on the YouTube site, of babies laughing was shown to Queen Elizabeth II during her visit, on 16 October 2008, to the Google headquarters, where both she and her husband the Duke of Edinburgh were reduced to 'fits of giggles'.

Hi-5

Hi-5 is an Australian television show for children that started in 1999. The members of Hi-5 are Nathan, Kellie, Charli, Tim and Kathleen. Hi-5 can also be known as a pop music group for young children. They sing songs, dance and act. Hi-5 have recently released an album called "Boom Boom beat!" The album has 20 tracks. "Hi-5" is very popular with children but also with many other age groups, such as The Wiggles and The Hooley Dooleys

Overall, the show has been designed to have a very bright and happy feel to it. The show is aired once a week on Australian television. All the members of Hi-5 had been involved in television before the show had started. They had done commercials and small roles in other television shows. But "Hi-5" has definitely been their most successful venture. They have won two Logie Awards (Awards that are voted by the Australian public) for Most Outstanding Children’s Program.

Some of Hi-5’s songs:


Beaver

A beaver is large rodent. It is "semi-aquatic": some of the time it lives in water, some of the time it lives on land. Beavers are only found in North America and Europe. In Great Britain, for example, they have been deliberately re-introduced. In Europe, they almost died off, but they are returning. There are beavers living in the Elbe and Rhone rivers, as well as in Bavaria, Poland and Scandinavia. Beavers are known for building and keeping dams in rivers.

Their dams slow down rivers and reduce erosion. The wetlands they create benefit many other species. Special arrangements are needed to let salmon and other migratory fish pass the dams to spawn.

There are two different species of beaver, the American beaver ("C. canadensis") and the European beaver ("C. fiber").

This beaver is in North America, in Canada, the United States and in Northern Mexico. It is the second largest rodent in the world, and the largest found in North America. The largest rodent of the world is the capybara in South America.

The European beaver is currently an endangered species. It was hunted almost to extinction. This was done because of its fur, and because of castoreum. Castoreum is made by a gland, which is also responsible for the smell of the animal. It is used as a tincture in some perfumes

People are currently (2007) reintroducing the beaver, because the important role of the beaver for the ecology of rivers was discovered. Beaver dams (or the small lakes that form) provide a habitat for many species.

Early visitors that met Native Americans saw them wearing animal skin blankets. The fur on these blankets were good for felting. The Europeans wanted felt hats, and the Native Americans wanted metal: so, fur trading began.

Beaver was the most popular fur for hats. At that time in North America, there were about sixty million beavers. Only the soft inside fur was used for felting. The best time for collecting the beaver's fur was winter, when the fur was thickest. It was also a good time to hunt, since the beaver stayed close to its home in the winter and was easy to catch. The fur trade gave money to the European traders. The Indians who caught the beavers got the metal tools and other high technology items they wanted, until the beavers were mostly gone.



Bladder

The urinary bladder is an organ in the human body in charge of storing urine. It is part of our urinary system. All the liquids that are drunk go through the bladder. The bladder takes in the liquid in order for the body to work. The bladder works with the kidneys. The kidneys clean the liquid we drink. This goes on until the bladder is too full to hold anymore. At this point, it is roughly the size of a softball. The bladder then tells the brain that it needs to be emptied. Once this message is received by the brain, the muscles around the bladder starts to squeeze and the bladder starts to contract. At the same time, the bladder sends a message to the sphincters to relax and let the liquid pass and pass through to the urethra.

Time travel

Time travel is the idea of going back in time to the past or forward to the future. We always travel forward, to the future. Time travel to the past is not known to be possible, but it is much used in fiction. "The Time Machine" (1895) by H. G. Wells was one of the first and most famous stories of time travel. Much later, the American movie "Back to the Future" tells a fictional story about a professor who builds a machine that can take people into the future or back in the past. 

The popular British TV program "Doctor Who" is about an alien who has adventures by time travelling in a space time machine. Another TV show about time travel is the series "Charmed". Instead of using machines and science, this one uses magic to go to other times and places. Quantum Leap is another show which features "leaping" a form of time travel that allows a person to "relive events of another in history" it is similar to "Assassin's Creed" but in Quantum leap you can actually change history not just merely relive and shape it.

Some series that are not mainly about time travel have episodes about it, for example "Star Trek" and "Stargate" and "The Flash".


Disciple

A disciple is a follower and student of a mentor, teacher, or other figure. It can refer to:


Dock

A dock is a structure built above water along the shore where boats can be tied. Docks are often held up by pilings which are often poles driven into the sea floor or riverbed.

They Might Be Giants

They Might Be Giants are an alternative rock band that live in Brooklyn, New York. The two original band members, John Flansburgh and John Linnell, officially formed the band in 1982.

The band has been given two Grammy Awards, one for the children's album "Here Come the 123's" and the other for the theme song of "Malcolm in the Middle."


Solomon

Solomon is a figure from Abrahamic religions. He was a King of Israel, the son of King David. His name means "Peace". He is written about in the Qur'an, the Bible (2 Samuel) and other scriptures. He is said to be the author of several Old Testament books. He wrote Ecclesiastes, Song of Songs and much of Proverbs. He is famous for building the First Temple, having lots of wisdom, being very rich, and having many wives. Because of his wives, his kingdom became divided right after his death. His wives worshipped idols of gods because many of them were not of Jewish lineage.


<br>

Proverb

A proverb is a wise saying. Many cultures have collections of these, such as the Book of Proverbs in the Old Testament, was said to be written by king Solomon of Israel.
A proverb is basically a wise saying.

Santiago, Chile

Santiago, Chile (also known as Santiago de Chile) is the capital of Chile and the largest city in the country. It has a population of around 7 million people, about 35.9 percent of the population of Chile. In Chile, people call the city Gran Santiago (Big Santiago) or Santiago. It has 26 "comunas" (municipalities). 

With its geographical conditions, because it is located in a valley surrounded by the Andes mountains, Santiago has a large amount of air pollution.


Psalms

Psalms (, "Tehillim", or "praises") is a book of 150 Hebrew poems in the Bible. The Book of Psalms is the first Ketuvim and part of the Hebrew Bible or Tanakh, and it is also in the Old Testament of the Christian translations. People traditionally believe that many of the Psalms in the Bible were written by King David to God. Perhaps the most famous one is Psalm 23, which starts "The LORD is my shepherd". Psalm 23 is often used for funerals. In the Qur'an, the Arabic word ‘Zabur’ is used for the Psalms of David. 

There are 150 Psalms in the Biblical canon of Jews, Protestants, and Catholics, but there are also more poems that these religions do not think are holy. Psalm 151 is part of canon of the Eastern Orthodox Church.

The names "Psalms" and "Psalter" come from the Septuagint (the Greek translation of the Old Testament). There, they were about stringed instruments (for example, the harp, lyre and lute), then to songs sung with them. The traditional Hebrew title is "tehillim". "Tehillim" means "praises", though many of the psalms are "tephillot" ("prayers"). One of the first collections in the book was titled "the prayers of David son of Jesse" (72:20, NIV).

The Psalter is poetry, though it has many prayers and not all Old Testament prayers were poetic. In fact, not all praise was poetic either. The Psalms are full of images, comparisons and metaphor. The Hebrew text often plays with words and repeats the same words, adding synonyms (words with the same meaning) to fill out the description. Important words show the main themes in the prayer or song.

Television program

A television program (British spelling: programme) or television show or television series, is something that people watch on television. Several different kinds are made: 


Television broadcasting presents many different television programs, one after another. In between television programs, a channel may use an announcer to tell the audience what the next program will be. On many channels in many countries, advertisements are shown for short periods of time during and between program screenings. These advertisements are not a part of the television program.

Fatwa

A fatwa (; plural fatāwa), is a legal pronouncement in Islam. A mufti (a scholar capable of making judgments on Sharia (Islamic law)) pronounces it. Usually, a fatwa is made to clarify a question where "fiqh" (Islamic jurisprudence) is unclear. Usually a judge or other person requests it.

Reggie Fils-Aimé

Reginald Fils-Aime (born March 25, 1961) is the former president of Nintendo of America. Before that, he was Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Nintendo of America.

Billy Hughes

William Morris "Billy" Hughes (25 September 1862 – 28 October 1952) was the seventh Prime Minister of Australia. He became Prime Minister during World War I. He tried to introduce conscription but the public did not want it. His party, Labor, kicked him out and he formed a new party with the opposition called the Nationalist Party. He was Prime Minister for over 7 years which was the most of anyone at the time. He was forced to resign by the Country Party in 1923 but he stayed in Parliament until he died.

Before serving as Prime Minister, Hughes was Minister for External Affairs under Chris Watson. He was Attorney-General in Andrew Fisher's three Labor governments in 1908–09, 1910–13 and 1914–15.

Maid Marian

Maid Marian was the female companion of the outlaw Robin Hood. She appears in English folktales, though not in the oldest ones.


Graphite

Graphite, like diamond, is an allotrope of carbon. They are very similar to each other but the different structures of the molecule affect the chemical and physical properties. Graphite is made of layers of carbon atoms. These layers can slide over each other very easily. This means that it is very soft. It is a dull gray in appearance. Due to the delocalized electrons between the layers, it can conduct electricity very well.

Graphite can be formed from coal put under high heat and pressure. Also, graphite can be turned into diamond with enough heat and pressure. This is how synthetic (man-made) diamonds are made.

Most graphite comes from mines in northeastern China. It is also found in Sri Lanka, Canada and the United States. It is also called Lead Black because it looks like the metal lead. It was named by Abraham Gottlob Werner in 1789 originating from the Greek language.

It can be used as a lubricant to make mechanical devices run smoother. The most common use of graphite is the "lead" in a pencil, which also has clay.

High-purity graphite is used as a neutron moderator in some nuclear reactors, such as RBMKs and AGRs.


Allotropy

Allotropy (or allotropism) is when a chemical element can exist in two or more different forms in the same physical state or phase. These different forms are called allotropes. Therefore, an allotrope is a different structure in which an element appears. This happens when the atoms of the element are bonded together in a different way.

For example, the allotropes of carbon include:
Only some elements have allotropes. 

The term "allotropy" is used for elements only, not for compounds. The more general term, used for any crystalline material, is polymorphism. Allotropy refers only to different forms of an element within the same state (i.e., different solid, liquid or gas forms); these different states are not, themselves, considered examples of allotropy.

Covalent bond

A covalent bond is a chemical bond between two non-metal atoms. In a covalent bond, atoms share electrons with each other. This is different from an ionic bond, where one atom takes an electron from another atom. An example is water, where hydrogen (H) and oxygen (O) bond together to make (HO). 

An atom has the same number of electrons as it has protons. Electrons orbit atomic nuclei, and they are like fuzzy paths around the center of an atom. Because of quantum mechanics, electrons near an atom can only be in a limited number of places. These are called "orbitals," and they are often different distances from the center. An atom's orbitals are separated into layers based on distance. These layers are called shells. The first layer (or shell) has up to two electrons. The layers (or shells) after that usually contain up to eight. 

Valence electrons are the electrons held comparatively loosely in the outer shell of the atom. Valence electrons are important to chemical bonds because only the outer electrons can be shared. The reason atoms share their electrons is that atoms "want" to have a full outer shell. Usually, because an atom only has as many electrons as it has protons, it does not have enough to fill its outer shell. Covalent bonds are formed by atoms sharing valence electrons so that they can have full outer shells.

If for example, an atom had nine electrons, the first two orbit very close to the nucleus, and the next seven orbit a little farther away. The outer seven electrons are less tightly held than the inner two electrons because they are further away from the positively charged nucleus. If this atom gets close to another atom, with a loosely held electron in its outer shell, a new orbital (a place for the electron to be) will become available to the loosely held electron. This new electron orbital is bound to both atomic nuclei and has a lower energy level than the original electron orbital. The electron can spontaneously move ("jump") to it and emit a photon with the excess energy. This is called a covalent bond. To break this bond needs the same amount of energy as was released when it was formed. Because it takes energy to push the electron out of the new sharing orbital, the atoms have to stay together.

Sometimes, one of the atoms in a covalent bond "wants" the electron more than the other. The amount each atom "wants" electrons is called its electronegativity. For example, a water molecule consists of one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms held together by a covalent bond. In this case the oxygen atom is better at pulling electrons to it, and has a higher electronegativity. Because the electrons become closer to the oxygen atom, the oxygen atom has a small net negative charge and the hydrogen atoms has a small net positive charge. As a result, a molecule of water has a positive side and a negative side. This is called being polar. Being polar is important because it is what allows water to dissolve things.

Atomic orbitals (except for s orbitals) make different types of covalent bonds: 

Covalent bonds are weaker than ionic bonds, and have a lower melting point. They are also generally poor conductors of electricity and heat.

In chemistry, bond length is the measure of the size of a covalent bond. Because molecules are very small, they are measured in picometers, or about one millionth of a billionth of a meter.

The chemistry of molecules is explained mostly by their bonds, and their bonds are caused by their structure of electrons. 


Bond

Uses of bond, bonds, bonded, and bonding:










Ionic bond

An ionic bond is a chemical bond between a non-metal and a metal ion in a giant ionic crystal lattice. This occurs when charged atoms (ions) attract. This happens after a metal atom loses one or more of its electrons to the non-metal atom. The greater the difference in charge between the metal and non-metal ion, the stronger the ionic bond. A maximum of three electrons can be transferred in the process. 
A metal atom becomes a positive cation because it loses electron(s). A non-metal atom becomes a negative anion as it gains electron(s). This occurs, for example, when sodium and chlorine join to form common table salt, NaCl. First, sodium atoms (Na) oxidize and lose an electron to form positively charged sodium ions (Na). Chlorine atoms gain the electrons from the sodium atoms to form negatively charged chloride ions (Cl). Both ions are now oppositely charged and they are held by strong electrostatic forces of attraction.


Chloride

Chloride is an ion of chlorine. It occurs when chlorine gets reduced, gaining an electrons and becoming an ion. Chloride is necessary for life. It is normally found in the salt sodium chloride, which is very common in diets.


Bauhaus

The Bauhaus was a design school that operated from 1919 to 1933 in Germany. It is widely regarded as the most influential art school of the 20th century. It promoted modernism. It is most well known for teaching painting, photography, advertising, weaving, architecture and the design of furniture and household products. The work that it produced and its teaching methods had a world-wide influence on art, design, photography, architecture and art education.

It was formally called the "Staatliches Bauhaus" from 1919 to 1932 because it was state funded in that period. From 1919 to 1925 it was in Weimar, in the state of Thuringia and from 1926 to 1932 it was in Dessau, in the state of Sachsen-Anhalt. It operated as privately funded school in Berlin from the end of 1932 until April 1933. 

Its staff included some of the most famous artists and architects of the 20th century, including: Walter Gropius, who founded the school, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Wassily Kandinsky, Lyonel Feininger, Paul Klee, László Moholy-Nagy, Marcel Breuer, Josef Albers, Anni Albers, Oskar Schlemmer and Hannes Meyer. 

Its former buildings in Weimar and Dessau were jointly made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996.

Intelligence

Intelligence refers to certain mental powers. There is no general agreement on which mental powers are intelligent or part of intelligence. The idea comes from a Latin word: "intelligo" meaning to "choose between different options". A part of intelligence allows people to solve problems. These problems may be easy to solve. They may also be difficult to solve, and involve abstract thought. For some, intelligence is a property, or characteristic of the mind. For others, it is simply the working of the brain, especially the cerebral cortex.

If an answer is found to a problem, it can be remembered. That way, the problem is solved more quickly when it comes up again. This is what is called learning.

There is disagreement about which has more influence on intelligence, genetics or environment. Also, intelligent behaviour is possibly learned when an organism (a living thing) reacts enough to a stimulus.

Scientists believe that intelligence can be measured or tested. A type of intelligence test would be solving many problems in a very short time. Most of the problems have to do with seeing things, or telling what a rotated shape would look like. Some are also related to mathematics: for example to tell what number would come next in a row. Other tests have to do with words or the understanding of language. After giving such a test to a person, a number would be calculated to give an approximation of the Intelligence Quotient (IQ).

Computer engineers try to build machines that act as if they were intelligent. This is related to computer science and is called Artificial intelligence (man-made "intelligence"). Artificial intelligence uses logic, and often combines it with machine learning. This means that similar to living organisms, the machine has to be trained to solve a problem. After training, it will solve the problem faster.

Intelligence is not limited to humans. Many animals also show signs of intelligence: animals also need to solve problems, and remembering how a problem is solved is useful to them. Many animals use tools to solve problems. These animals include the Great Apes, dogs, dolphins, elephants, rats and mice, and some birds. All these animals are vertebrates, but tool use isn't limited to these: Even cephalopods and arthropods show signs of intelligence. To be able to compare the behaviours of different species, scientists need to adapt the notion of intelligence. 

It has been argued that plants should also be classified as intelligent: they are able to sense and model external and internal environments and adjust their morphology, physiology and phenotype accordingly to ensure self-preservation and reproduction. A counter argument is that intelligence is commonly understood to involve the creation and use of persistent memories. 

Opposed to this are computations that only occur once, and that do not involve learning. If this is accepted as part of the definition, then it includes the artificial intelligence of robots capable of "machine learning", but excludes those purely autonomic sense-reaction responses that can be observed in many plants. Plants are not limited to automated sensory-motor responses, however, they are capable of discriminating positive and negative experiences and of 'learning' (registering memories) from their past experiences. They are also capable of communication, accurately computing their circumstances, using sophisticated cost–benefit analysis and taking tightly controlled actions to mitigate and control the diverse environmental stressors.


Nuevo León

Nuevo León is a state in the northeast of Mexico and south of Texas. It is known as the financial center of the country. It has a wide range of tourist attractions, such as museums, thematic parks, natural parks, grottos, as well as archaeological sites, gastronomy, and folklore. Its capital, Monterrey, the city of the mountains, is host venue of important international events, congresses, fairs, conventions and exhibitions. 

Saale

Saale is the name of two rivers in Germany: Saale in Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt (German: "Sächsische Saale") and the Saale in Northern Bavaria (German: "Fränkische Saale"). The larger, and better known Sächsische Saale springs out of the Fichtelgebirge at 728 m and joins the Elbe in Saxony-Asshalt. It is 413 km long.

Go Fish

Go Fish is a game with playing cards. 2 to 10 people can play.

Every player gets five cards. The rest of the cards (the deck) are put face down where all the players can get them. Cards that are the same number are called pairs. If a player has a pair, they put it face up in front of them so everybody can see it. The player to the left of the player who gave everybody their cards goes first. When it is a player's turn, they ask another player for a card that is the same color and number as one they already have. They can ask any player. If the other player has the card, they give it to the one that asked, and the one that asked puts the pair in front of them and gets to go again. 

If the other player does not have the card, then they say "Go Fish", and the player that asked takes a card from the deck and the next player goes. If a player has no cards when it is time for him to go, then he just takes a card from the deck and the next player goes. If there are no cards in the deck and the player has no cards, then that player does not get to go. The game ends when all the cards are face up in pairs. The winner is the player with the most pairs.

Track

Track or Tracks may refer to:


Chicago White Sox

The Chicago White Sox are a Major League Baseball team who play on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois. The club is in the Central Division of the American League. They are managed by Pedro Grifol since 2023.

The White Sox won the 2005 World Series sweeping the Houston Astros in 4 games. They won the World Series before in 1906 and 1917 before going into an 88-year championship drought.

The Chicago White Sox finished 2006 with a 90-72 record, four games out of first place after taking two of three from the Minnesota Twins in the final week of the season at the Metrodome in Minneapolis. 

The Sox began major league play in 1901. They took their name from the original name of the Chicago Cubs. The Cubs had first been known as the Chicago White Stockings. By 1901, they were being called the Colts. That allowed the new American League team to adopt the old National League team colors.

The Sox first played at South Side Park. In mid-season 1910, they opened Comiskey Park, which was just a few blocks north of South Side Park. They played at Comiskey for over 80 years. In 1991 they opened a park now known as Guaranteed Rate Field, just across the street to the south of Comiskey Park, and have played their home games there ever since.


Pollination

Pollination is part of sexual reproduction in plants. It describes how the pollen grains get to the female parts of a plant. Pollen grains, which contain the male gametes, need to get to where the female gamete(s) are.

What happens is basically the same as sexual reproduction in animals. Each pollen grain is haploid: it has half of the DNA (genetic information) that is needed to make a new plant. During fertilization this combines with the DNA that is in the egg of the female part and a zygote is formed. In seed plants a seed is started.

In flowering plants, pollen has to get from one flower to another. There are two main ways that this can happen: by non-living things like wind or water, or by living things such as insects or birds.

Maize (called corn in some parts of the world) is pollinated by wind. The male anthers let go of their pollen and it blows over to a nearby female flower on another corn plant. Most of the flowers are either male or female on a corn plant (monoecious), rather than both sexes in one flower (hermaphrodite).

Maize flowers have evolved (changed over time) to use wind for pollination. They do not need pretty petals. The pollen is light so it can blow around, and the ends of the female parts (stigma) are fluffy to catch all the tiny pollen grains.

With tomato plants, bees move the pollen from the male parts of one flower (anthers), to the female parts of another flower (stigma). The bee moves between flowers as it collects the nectar that the flowers make. The bees take the nectar and some pollen back to their hive, and the tomato plants get to reproduce (make new tomato plants).

Because the tomato flowers have evolved to attract bees, they have spread-out petals and are white to human eyes (bees, like most insects, can see into the ultraviolet range as well as our visual range of wavelengths). The pollen is often stuck together in clumps called "pollinia", which in turn get stuck to the bee. Bees are extremely hairy, and carry tiny electric charges which attract the pollen onto their bodies. Honey bees have special pollen baskets, usually on their rear legs; they groom the pollen off their bodies into these pockets.

Much of the pollen gets taken back to the nest or hive, where it is used as a source of protein, most needed by the larvae. Some gets rubbed off on the next flower, where the female stigma is sticky. A pollen tube grows down to permit the male gamete to fertilize an egg and make a seed.

90% of flowering plants are pollinated by animals, and only 10% use abiotic (non-living) pollination. Of these abiotic pollinations, 98% is done by wind and just 2% by water.

What happens after pollination is fertilisation. In plants it is a "double" fertilisation in which two sperm cells fertilize cells in the plant ovary. One of these is a normal fertilisation, which produces the embryo. The other is a unique kind of fertilisation which produces the seed endosperm.

The process begins when a pollen grain sticks to the stigma of the pistil (female reproductive structure). Then it germinates, and grows a long pollen tube. While this pollen tube is growing, a haploid cell travels down the tube behind the tube nucleus. This cell divides by mitosis into two haploid sperm cells.

As the pollen tube grows, it makes its way from the stigma, down the style and into the ovary. Here the pollen tube reaches the ovule and releases its contents (which include the sperm cells). One sperm makes its way to fertilize the egg cell, producing a diploid (2"n") zygote. The second sperm cell fuses with two cell nuclei, producing a triploid (3"n") cell.

As the zygote develops into an embryo, the triploid cell develops into the endosperm, which serves as the embryo's food supply. The ovary now will develop into a fruit and the ovule will develop into a seed.
There is evidence that some gymnosperms were insect-pollinated in the Triassic period, but pollination by animals is not the main method in this group. Most are wind-pollinated. Some gymnosperms and their insect pollinators are co-evolved for pollination. The best-known examples are members of the order Cycadales and their associated species of beetle.

Really widespread and specialised animal pollination came with the Angiosperms (flowering plants). Different families of flowering plants usually specialise in a particular pollination method. Sometimes a few genera shift from one method to another.

Pollination syndrome is the set of adaptive traits which help flowers to get pollinated.

Wind pollinated flowers are usually small and inconspicuous (not showy). They do not have a scent or produce nectar. The anthers may produce a large number of pollen grains, while the stamens are generally long and stick up out of the flower. Their stigmas may be large and feathery to catch the pollen grains. Insects may visit them to collect pollen; there are some examples of flowers which are both wind and insect pollinated.

Beetle-pollinated flowers are usually large, greenish or off-white in color and heavily scented. Scents may be spicy, fruity, or similar to decaying organic material. Most beetle-pollinated flowers are flattened or dish shaped, with pollen easy to get at. They may have traps to keep the beetle longer. The plant's ovaries are usually well protected from the biting mouthparts of the beetles. Beetles are important pollinators in some parts of the world, such as dry areas of southern Africa and southern California, and the montane grasslands of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.


Some flies feed on nectar and pollen as adults (particularly bee flies and hoverflies). The flowers they visit often have a strong scent, and tend to be purple, violet, blue, and white.

On the other hand, male fruit flies are attracted to some wild orchids which do not produce nectar. Instead, they produce a precursor of the fly's sex pheromone. Flies which normally visit dead animals or dung are attracted to flowers that mimic these smelly items. They get no reward and would quickly leave, but the plant may have traps to slow them down. These plants have a strong, unpleasant odor, and are brown or orange in colour.

Their sheer numbers and the presence of some flies throughout the year make them important pollinators for many plants. Flies tend to be important pollinators in high-altitudes and high-latitudes where they are numerous, and other insect groups may be lacking.

Bee-pollinated flowers tend to be yellow or blue, often with ultraviolet nectar guides and scent. Nectar and/or pollen are offered as rewards in varying amounts. The sugar in the nectar tends to be mostly sucrose. There are different types of bees which differ in size, tongue length and behaviour (some solitary, some colonial). Some plants can only be pollinated by bees because their anthers release pollen internally, and it must be shaken out by buzzing ("sonication"). Bumblebees are the only animals that do this.

Bee pollination from mobile beehives is of great economic value for orchards such as apple or almond.

Wasps are also responsible for the pollination of several plants species, being important pollen vectors and, in some cases, even more efficient pollinators than bees.

Butterfly-pollinated flowers tend to be large and showy, pink or lavender in colour, often have a landing area, and are usually scented. Since butterflies do not digest pollen (with one exception), more nectar is offered than pollen. The flowers have simple nectar guides with the nectaries usually hidden in narrow tubes or spurs, reached by the long tongue of the butterflies.
Among the more important moth pollinators are the hawk moths (Sphingidae). Their behaviour is similar to hummingbirds: they hover in front of flowers with rapid wingbeats. Most are nocturnal or twilight feeders. So moth-pollinated flowers tend to be white, night-opening, large and showy with tubular corollas and a strong, sweet scent produced in the evening, night or early morning. A lot of nectar is produced to fuel the high metabolic rates needed to power their flight.

Other moths fly slowly and settle on the flower. They do not need as much nectar as the fast-flying hawk moths, and the flowers tend to be small (though they may be aggregated in heads).

Hummingbirds are the most familiar nectar-feeding birds for North Americans, there are analogous species in other parts of the world. Flowers attractive to hummingbirds, which hover in front of the flower, tend to be large red or orange tubes with a lot of dilute nectar produced during the day. Since birds do not have a strong response to scent, they tend to be odourless. Perching birds need a substantial landing platform, so sunbirds, honeyeaters, and the like are less associated with tubular flowers.

Bat-pollinated flowers tend to be large and showy, white or light coloured, open at night and have strong odours. They are often large and bell-shaped. Bats drink the nectar, and these plants typically offer nectar for long periods. Sight, smell, and echo-location are used to initially find the flowers, and excellent spatial memory is used to visit them repeatedly. In fact, bats can identify nectar-producing flowers using echolocation. Bat-pollinated plants have bigger pollen than their relatives.

Honey guides, nectar guides or floral guides are markings on flowers which tell insects where to go for nectar (many insects can see in the ultraviolet range). Most of these guides are invisible to humans unless seen in ultraviolet light. The benefit to the plant is that the guides increase the supply of pollinators at a relatively low cost.

A full understanding of pollination is quite recent.

In 1672 Nehemiah Grew had some idea that pollen was the means of fertilisation in higher plants. Using a microscope, he was the first to describe pollen in detail. This led to the discovery that all pollen grains in a species were alike. The study of pollen grains is called palynology. It is much used in micropaleontology. Sex in plants was discovered in 1694, when Rudolf Camerarius put his discovery into a letter.

In 1793 Christian Sprengel (1750–1816) published a work on the pollination of flowers by insects which made all the main points. Unfortunately, "his work was so far outside the standard thinking and interests of the period that it was almost completely ignored".

Two lines of work solved the main issues. One was done by studies of how the pollen cells worked to fertilise the ovum, and the other was to recognise the coevolution of the animal pollinators and the flowering plants. Both these lines of work became essentially 'modern' in the middle of the nineteenth century.

Gull

Gulls, also called seagulls, is a common name that refers to any type of bird. They form the family Laridae, in the order Charadriiformes.

There are many different types of gull but most of them are white, with grey or black wings, a yellow beak and are about the size of a chicken (but some are smaller). Gulls can eat most types of food but like meat more than anything else. They look around for discarded food and dead animals to eat as well as hunting and have learned how to live and breed in the same places as people. Most types of seagull are awake during the day and sleep at night. They like to sleep on beaches but will also sleep on water, like lakes or the sea when the water is calm.

Gulls used to be found only near the sea, as they are water birds with webbed feet for swimming. They are more common inland these days because they can find food wherever people live, often on garbage dumps or in the streets of towns and cities. Seagulls are intelligent compared to other birds. They have a complicated system of noises and body movements which they use to communicate with other seagulls.

Most types of seagull breed once a year and have two or three chicks (babies). Mother gulls are very protective of their eggs and chicks and will sometimes fight to the death to defend them.

Gulls are not usually eaten by people.


The Warriors (movie)

The Warriors is a 1979 movie directed by Walter Hill. It is about a gang called "The Warriors", who are from Coney Island and must return to their home and clear their name after they are accused of killing the leader of another gang at a rally for all the gangs in New York City. The movie has become a cult classic and inspired a video game which came out in 2005.

Coney Island

Coney Island is a peninsula (formerly an island) in Brooklyn, New York. It is famous for its beaches, amusements like the Cyclone wooden roller coaster, Parachute Jump, and Wonder Wheel ferris wheel, boardwalk, and hot dogs. It became a seaside resort in the 19th century. 

It is unsure how Coney Island got its name. It may be because when the Dutch people arrived in New Netherland, this island had many rabbits, so they named it 'Konijn Island', which became 'Coney Island', using the archaic term for rabbit in English. It also may have been named by an Irish pirate, for islands in Sligo bay!

Ferris wheel

Ferris wheels (sometimes called big wheels in the United Kingdom), are large, round, revolving structures with gondolas where people sit. They are popular at amusement parks and fairs. They are named after George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr., who made the first modern wheel for the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893. When he built it, it was 264 feet tall. They called it the "Chicago Wheel" after Chicago, Illinois where it was on display.

Four-horned antelope

The four-horned antelope ("Tetracerus quadricornis") is a bovine even-toed ungulate. It is also called by its Hindi name "chousingha". It is different from other bovines because it has four horns instead of two.

Four-horned antelope are about 0.60 meters high, and they weigh about 20 kilograms. They have a light yellowish-brown fur with a white underside. They have a black stripe down their forelegs. Males have four horns. The back horns are about 10 centimeters long, and the front horns are up to 4 centimeters long.

Four-horned antelope live in India and Nepal. They live in forests. Four-horned antelopes live alone. They eat grass.

Four-horned antelope are hunted by trophy-hunters because of their four horns, but they are also hunted for their meat. Because of the hunting and also because of habitat loss, there are now fewer than 10,000 four-horned antelopes.

Today, four-horned antelope do not live in Africa, but their ancestors probably did.

New Orleans Privateers

The New Orleans Privateers college sports teams for the University of New Orleans (UNO). They play in the NCAA Division I for intercollegiate athletics. The schools teams are a part of the Sun Belt Conference. The University of New Orleans does not currently have a football team.

The university has teams in the following sports:

The school did have a football team from 1965 until 1970. During that time, the team had a record of 12 wins, 10 losses and 1 tie. They also won 3 district championships.


Stanley Bruce

Stanley Melbourne Bruce (15 April 1883 – 25 August 1967) was the eighth Prime Minister of Australia from February 1923 until October 1929. He became Prime Minister when the Country Party asked Billy Hughes to resign. His government won elections in 1925 and 1928 but lost the 1929 election and Bruce became the first sitting Prime Minister to lose his seat. He was made a Viscount after he left politics.

Bruce was born in Melbourne. He served in the British Army before starting in politics. He fought in World War I, and in 1917 was badly injured while fighting in France. Returning home, he soon became involved in recruiting people for the Army. In 1918, however, he got involved in politics and was elected to the House of Representatives as the member for Flinders, which is near Melbourne. He was appointed Treasurer (finance minister) in 1921.

Bruce was also a diplomat. He served as Minister for External Affairs whilst also serving as Prime Minister. After resigning from Parliament in 1933, he worked in London as Australia's High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.

James Scullin

James Henry Scullin (18 September 1876 – 28 January 1953) was the ninth Prime Minister of Australia from October 1929 until January 1932. He became Prime Minister two days before the Great Depression began. His government could not stop the effects of the Depression. His government suffered a big defeat at the December 1931 election. Scullin stayed as leader of the Labor Party but was again defeated at the 1934 election.

World music

World music is the recognition of music from around the world. This genre of music is increasingly used in popular culture. World music is often included into mainstream music. World music can also be part of exhibitions, performances, and shows that travel the world. World music is typically music that describes its own origin by its well-known sound features.

In Western countries it may describe a set of (music) market products collected from traditional music or folk music which were found in different parts of the world. In sampled world music collections the music is sung or played by people who traditionally live in the area. World music can be anything from a short song to a long Indian raga. Hindi music is a very popular genre in the category of world music - made even more famous by Bollywood movies.

World music artists can provide accompaniment, feature, background, or lead. World music groups have traveled the world. World music mixing and jamming is a popular activity among musicians. Some genres of world music have become known in a music category of their own. For example, reggae has achieved near to world-wide recognition. 

Some music contests would considered to be world music in foreign audiences. Eurovision has grown in world popularity since it's beginnings. 

Some songs are sung for international use. Each FIFA World Cup has a song. K'Naan sung a popular song called "Wave your flag" for the tourney in South Africa. These attributed songs have a 'world music' appeal. 

Caprinae

Caprinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae. Animals of the Caprinae subfamily are called caprid or goat-antelope.

The domestic sheep ("Ovis aries") and domestic goat ("Capra hircus") are part of this group.


Domestic goat

sound
The domestic goat ("Capra hircus" or "Capra aegagrus hircus") is a domesticated mammal It comes from the wild goat. A male goat is called a "buck" and a castrated goat is called a "wether", a female is called a "doe". Young goats are called "kids"

People eat their meat, drink their milk, and use their fur and skin. With goat milk, cheese can be made, along with other dairy products like yogurt. Some farmers use goats to eat plants the farmers do not want, such as weeds. Other times, the goats are used to keep grasses and other plants from getting too tall. This also benefits the goat because they get plenty of food to eat. 

The goat has cloven hooves, a long beard on its chin, a short tail that turns up, and horns that grow up from the head in an arc. The hair is straight with a woolly coat under it during winter. Goats have rectangular irises. They are one of the few species to have these unique eyes.

The goat is about 70-120 cm (28-48 inches). They weigh from 45-54 kg (100-120 lb.) during adulthood. 

The diet of the goat includes eating grass, leaves, shrubs, root vegetables, and other kinds of plants. Some ranchers use goats to clear brush and unwanted plants from their pastures Goats living in the desert, where plants are quite hard to find, have been seen climbing trees to get food

Goats are smart and active. They enjoy playing with other goats and climbing They are social animals that may live in groups or herds

Domestic sheep

A domestic sheep ("Ovis aries") is a domesticated mammal related to wild sheep and goats. Sheep are owned and looked after by a sheep farmer. Female sheep are called "ewes". Male sheep are called "rams". Young sheep are called "lambs".

They are kept for their wool and their meat. The wool of sheep, after cleaning and treating, is used to make woollen clothes. The meat of young sheep is called "lamb", and the meat from adult sheep is called "mutton". Both are economically important products which have been used since prehistoric times.

Sheep are domesticated animals which have been bred by man. There are breeds which specialise in wool or meat.

The plural of "sheep" is just "sheep".

A group of sheep is called a flock. Sheep follow each other in basically the same way all the time, so there are special names for the different roles sheep play in a flock. The sheep that is farthest away from the others is called the outlier, a word that is also used in statistics. This sheep is willing to go out farther away from the safety of the flock to graze, but takes a chance that a predator like a wolf will attack it first, because it is alone. Another sheep, the bellwether, which never goes first but always follows an outlier, is the one that signals to the others that it is safe to go that way. When it moves, the others will also move. Tendency to be outliers or to be bellwethers, or stick in the middle of the flock, seems to stay with a sheep its whole life. There might be genes that make them repeat this role behaviour.

Probably the most famous sheep was Dolly the Sheep. She was named after Dolly Parton, and was the first large mammal clone. She did not live as long as a regular sheep, because clones have health problems. This is only known because of Dolly.

These sheep are so named because they can store large amounts of fat in the tail and the region of the rump. They are kept mainly because they make more milk than other types of sheep; but their wool is rough and long, and is mostly used for making carpets. Fat-tailed sheep are found mainly in the very dry parts of Africa, the Middle East, and Asia, and they represent about 25 percent of the sheep in the world. The major breeds are the Awassi, Bakhtiari, Karakul, Ghashghai, and Kermani.

People may be called "sheep" if they follow a leader without thinking or people can be called "Sheepish" if they are showing or feeling embarrassment from shame or a lack of self-confidence. This is what is called a "figurative" meaning: it's a figure of speech.

Domesticated sheep are one species known to show exclusive homosexuality, like we see in humans. The biologist Charles Roselli has found that 6 to 8% of rams (male sheep) only show interest in other rams over a long period of time, instead of ewes. He has cut open the brains of homosexual rams and found that a region of the brain in the hypothalamus called the SDN was the same size of the SDN in a ewe (female sheep). The size of this brain region appears to determine whether a ram likes females or males, and is determined by sex hormones while it was growing during its mothers pregnancy.

Capra (genus)

Capra is a genus of the subfamily Caprinae and the family Bovidae. The domestic goat and other animals like it belong to this genus.


Richard Sharpe

Major Richard Sharpe is a fictional character. He is the main character in a series of books written by Bernard Cornwell. Many of the books have been made into television movies, where the stories were told in a different order from the books. Sharpe's story is set during the Napoleonic Wars. Sharpe has a series of "sword waving" adventures.

So far, the writer has written 21 books, from "Sharpe's Tiger" to "Sharpe's Devil". The first book is set in the year 1799, while the last is set in the years 1820 to 1821. There were also three short stories set between other books. All the stories cover the Napoleonic Wars, as well as a prelude in India detailing Sharpe's rise to the rank of Ensign. The final book looks at Sharpe on a mission to rescue his old friend, the Spanish Captain General Don Blas Vivar, in Chile.

Here is the order of the books and short stories, with the year the story is set:
Born in London to a poor mother, Sharpe spent most of his youth in the inner city of London. When he killed someone, he went away to Yorkshire. He then joined a British line battalion, a regiment in the British Army. He was sent to India, where he saved the Duke of Wellington's life. For this, he was given a field commission to the rank of Lieutenant. He was then transferred to a Highland regiment, where he was not wanted, and was transferred into the 95th Rifles at Shorncliffe back in England. The 95th Rifles was then sent to northern Spain with General Moore's army. It was in Spain that he became friends with Patrick Harper.

In the latest adventure "Sharpe's Challenge", Sharpe and Harper go to India to fight some villains.


Protest

A protest is when a number of people come together in public to show others that they strongly like or dislike a social condition or a government policy. For example, some people protest racism or war. 

There are many ways in which people can protest. Protesters can do things like write letters, not eat food, sing songs, or riot.


Roskilde

Roskilde () was the capital of Denmark until 1443. Since then, Copenhagen has been the capital.

The most important church in Denmark is in Roskilde. It is where the dead Danish kings are buried. The city also have a yearly music festival called Roskilde Festival. The festival is one of two biggest in Europe.

Roskilde has a population of about 54,000. An important economic activity is tourism.


Hong Kong Stock Exchange

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (sometimes shortened to SEHK), is a stock exchange located in Hong Kong. It is East Asia's and Asia's third largest stock exchange in terms of market capitalization behind the Tokyo Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange, and the sixth largest in the world before Euronext. As of 31 October 2016, SEHK had 1,955 listed companies, 989 of which are from mainland China (Red chip, H share and P chip), 856 from Hong Kong and 110 from other countries and region (e.g. Macau, Taiwan, Malaysia, United States, Singapore, etc.) Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing owns SEHK and is itself listed on SEHK.

The physical trading floor at Exchange Square (Hong Kong) closed in 2017, due to the shift towards electronic trading. By 2014, it accounted for less than 1% of trade volume.

Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Traditional Chinese: 香港交易所, also 港交所; sometimes shortened to HKEX ; SEHK: 0388) is a stock exchange in Hong Kong.

It is mostly owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, which also controls Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited (HKFE) and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited.

Aarhus

Aarhus is the second biggest city in Denmark after Copenhagen, and the biggest on Jutland, the Danish mainland. It has about 307,000 inhabitants, and the metropolitan area has more than 1,200,000.

The settlement of Aarhus was started in around the year 770 as a trading place of the Vikings, but the oldest recorded history of Aarhus is from 951. The city grew in the 16th century and again during the Industrial Revolution.

Aarhus' climate is on the boundary between humid continental ("Dfb" in the Koeppen climate classification) and oceanic ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).


Odense

Odense is the third largest city in Denmark with about 146,000 inhabitants and the capital of the island of Funen (Danish: "Fyn").

It was started in 988 A.D. and was sometimes the seat of the parliament of Denmark. In 1805, it became capital of the island Funen.

Aalborg

Aalborg is a city in Denmark. About 143,000 people live there (2021), which makes it the fourth largest city in Denmark.

Aalborg was founded around 700 A.D. and was heard about for the first time in the year 1040.
It was a proper city in 1342 and became the seat of a Lutheran bishop in 1554. 

Aalborg is in Northern Jutland, near the Limfjord.

Esbjerg

Esbjerg is a city in Denmark, on the peninsula Jutland.

It has about 82,000 inhabitants and is the 5th largest city of Denmark. The growing began in the 1860s, because Denmark lost its North Sea harbors to Prussia in the Danish-Prussian-Austrian war.
The new harbor was built in Esbjerg.

Dirham

Dirham is a unit of currency in several Arabic-speaking nations, including:


Historically, the word "dirham" is comes from 'dirhem' which comes from the name of a Greek coin, the Drachm; the Byzantine Empire controlled the Levant and traded with Arabia, circulating the coin there in pre-Islamic times and afterward. It was this currency which was first used as an Arab word. Near the end of the 7th century, the coin became an Islamic currency. It had the name of the sovereign and a religious verse on it. The dirham was used by many Mediterranean countries, including Spain. It could be used as currency in Europe between the 10th and 12 centuries.

The Armenian dram is a currency whose name bears a similar origin. The dinar is a currency used in the Muslim world but originating with the Romans.

Desperate Housewives

Desperate Housewives is an American television series. It is shown in many other countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Palestine, and Malaysia. The show is shown on ABC in the United States. The series ran on ABC from October 3, 2004 until May 13, 2012 with eight seasons and a total of 180 episodes.

"Desperate Housewives" is a comedy-drama. It is like a soap opera, but is not because it only has a new episode once a week. The show is about a group of neighbors who live on Wisteria Lane in the made-up town of Fairview.

The show opens with the suicide of Mary Alice Young, a housewife who lives on Wisteria Lane. After that, Mary Alice narrates about her 4 friends: Susan Mayer - a divorced mother who falls in love with her new neighbor Mike Delfino; Bree Van de Kamp - seemingly "the perfect housewife and the perfect mother"; Gabrielle Solis - a former model who married a rich husband, but she has an affair with her teenager gardener; and Lynette Scavo - who has 4 kids and her husband at his work all the time. While they try to be the best mothers and housewives, they try to understand why Mary Alice killed herself, and they find a mysterious letter and a cassette with a recording of Mary Alice that says her real name is Angela.

In season 2 Betty Applewhite,a new neighbour lives in Wisteria Lane with they´re two children Mathew and Caleb, Caleb so his mother thinks killed in Chicago Melanie Foster the girlfriend of Mathew - after the narrator tells that in reality Mathew kills Melanie after a fight he will be killed by the SWAT. Meanwhile, Danielle falls in love with him and later they run from home away(before he will be killed). Then Bree's husband Rex will be murdered by George Williams a pharmacist, because he loves her very much. Lynette decided to work and her husband Tom must be by their kids. At the end of the season Lynette follows Tom to Atlantic City and there she see that he have an affair with Nora Huntington( Lynette didn´t ken her), but then Lynette see that it was a discord and they are happy together. Susan and Mike loves now each other and there will marry but then at the end Orson Hodge crossed with aid him. Gabrielle is pregnant from her gardener John and Carlos and Gaby decided to tease him. After Gabrielle's stairs fall she loose the child and they decided to have a surrogate mother because Gaby could not have a kid now. The secret is all the time what happens in Chicago as Melanie dies.

Season 3 takes of six months after season 2 ends. Bree has started dating Orson Hodge, not knowing he ran over Mike Delfino, who was on his way to propose to Susan. Lynette has calmed down after the fact that Tom has another child, but she gets annoyed when Nora tries to always be a part of the family, when she feels like she can only include Tom's daughter Kayla. Mike is still in a coma, 6 months after he was run down by Orson. Gabrielle and Carlos are getting divorced. When Gaby has to take care of Xiao-Mei, who are carrying Carlos and Gabrielle's child, it really makes her furious, since she was the woman Carlos was cheating with.

Two weeks later, Mike wakes up from his coma. He is suffering from amnesia, and can't remember anything from the day he moved to Wisteria Lane. Edie is there when Mike wakes up, and since she is in love with Mike she tells him that Susan treated him like dirt, and she never really loved him.

Ballroom dance

Ballroom dance is the name for a number of dances done in ballrooms. It usually means pairs (mostly a man and woman) dancing on the same floor as other pairs. The most important difference in style is between the modern or standard dances and the Latin dances. The modern dances are the waltz, quickstep, foxtrot, tango and Viennese waltz. The Latin dances are the cha-cha-cha, samba, rumba, paso doble, and jive. However, there are also sequence dances, where dancers move together in a pre-set pattern.

All these dances can be danced socially, more or less any way people want to. As competition dances, they are organised under the rule of the World Dance Council. These competitions are danced in the "International style"; the techniques were developed by English dancers in the 20th century. All major international competitions are conducted under detailed regulations. There are other systems of dance regulated by national bodies. American style is one; Scottish dancing is another; Greek classical dance is another.

Although the most famous dancers were Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, they did not dance in ballrooms. Their career together was entirely on film. Astaire danced also on the stage, and on television. The most famous American pair of ballroom dancers was Vernon and Irene Castle, who were national figures until Vernon's death in 1918. Later, Arthur Murray's chain of dance schools taught many Americans to dance. The most famous English ballroom dancer was probably Victor Silvester, who was a professional dancer and a very successful bandleader.

There are ten international style ballroom dances, five "standard" (or "modern") and five "Latin:"

Most of these are dances that started in other places, but were developed in their modern form by English dancers and dance teachers.

Most people do these dances for fun. When people compete against each other, the women wear formal dresses (gowns) for standard competition and short skirts for Latin. Men wear formal evening wear ('white tie and tails') for standard and informal shirts for Latin.
Some people earn medals to show how they are improving. They dance in front of a judge to earn a medal at the Bronze, Silver, or Gold levels. Ballroom dance teaching and medal awards is done by Dance Teacher organisations, such as the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD) or the International Dance Teachers Association (IDTA). These organisations also do ballet, stage dancing (or 'theatre dance' or 'jazz dance') and several other types of dance. Their qualifications and exams are held world-wide, even though they are English in origin. Street dance, as the name suggests, does not need a ballroom. Nevertheless, it is being taught in ballrooms, as are some other kinds of non-traditional dance.

There are also some line dances, in which people dance as a group instead of with a partner. Some line dances are done to Mambo, Waltz, Paso Doble, and Samba.

Some people dance in couples, but also as a group, with everyone doing the same steps. This is called "formation dancing".

People compete at many levels, but the basic division is between amateurs and professionals. Then, amongst amateurs, there are age grades (British regulations):
In the US, competitions may be divided according to dancing ability: Newcomer, Pre-Bronze, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Pre-Championship, and Championship.

The best-known competition is the Blackpool Dance Festival, England. This has been going annually since 1920 (except for war years), and its events, like most English events, are open to the world.

American style ballroom dancing is sometimes called Social style. It includes "smooth" and "rhythm" dances:







Wormhole

A wormhole is a theoretical passage through space creating a shortcut through time and space. It is not known whether or not they exist.

Scientists believe that if wormholes existed they could not be made following any traditional scientific methods. In order to hold a wormhole open, a form of theoretical exotic matter would be needed. Otherwise the wormhole would simply disappear very quickly after its creation. If plotted on a 2-dimensional plane, the wormhole bends the plane, like folding a paper, so that the two ends would be touching (as seen in the picture). The term wormhole was first used by John Wheeler, a theoretical physicist. It is also known as an Einstein-Rosen bridge. A wormhole is much like a tunnel with two ends each in separate points in space time. Researchers have no observational evidence for wormholes.

Wormholes are a common element in science fiction because they allow rapid interstellar, intergalactic, and sometimes even interuniversal travel. In fiction, wormholes have also served as a method for time travel. This popular fiction allows interstellar travel within human lifetimes. This would allow time travel, also a popular fiction. A proposed time-travel machine using a traversable wormhole would hypothetically work in the following way: One end of the wormhole is accelerated to some significant fraction of the speed of light, perhaps with some advanced propulsion system, and then brought back to the point of origin. Alternatively, another way is to take one entrance of the wormhole and move it to within the gravitational field of an object that has higher gravity than the other entrance, and then return it to a position near the other entrance. For both of these methods, time dilation causes the end of the wormhole that has been moved to have aged less, or become "younger", than the stationary end as seen by an external observer; however, time connects differently "through" the wormhole than "outside" it, so that synchronized clocks at either end of the wormhole will always remain synchronized as seen by an observer passing through the wormhole, no matter how the two ends move around.

Free kick

A free kick is a kick awarded to the other team because of a foul, which is committed by another player. Free kicks appear in many different ball sports, like association football.

Corner kick

A corner kick is a kick awarded to the team for their opportunity to shoot at goal in soccer. It happens when the ball has come off a footballer at his or her own goal. There are two corner posts at each end of the ground, so two for each team depending where the ball is kicked out.

Referee

A referee is an official who watches a whole game of sports and makes all the decisions. The players of the sport being watched must always admit that the referee is always right, even if they aren't. Usually, if any player argues, they can get a yellow card or even sent off with a . Referees use a whistle so players and fans can hear when play needs to be stopped. Sometimes referees may have Assistant referees to help them just in case they didn't see something or for offsides in Football (soccer).

Referees usually wear clothing to separate them from the players. Most referees wear white and black shirts or an all black uniform.
Referee abuse is any abuse towards and referee (referee, assistant referee, fourth/fifth officials) verbally or physically. If a player physically abuses a referee, for example if they push, hit, or kick them, they can be shown a red card, suspended for multiple matches, or even be criminally charged and spend time in jail if the abuse was serious enough and be banned from the game for life. 

Cataract

A cataract is when the lens of the eye gets cloudy. It is a treatable medical condition. Cataracts can cause short-sightedness (myopia), which means you cannot see things in the distance but can see things up close.

If not fixed by surgery, some types of cataracts will cause blindness (which means you cannot see anything at all). In a simple operation, the old lens can be replaced by a new plastic one. Many thousands of people have had this operation.

Cataracts develop gradually over time, so symptoms may not be immediately noticeable. However, as the condition progresses, the following signs and symptoms may become apparent:


It's important to note that these symptoms can vary in severity and may affect each individual differently. If you're experiencing any of these symptoms, it's crucial to consult an eye care professional for a comprehensive eye examination and proper diagnosis.

Cataracts develop when the clear lens of the eye becomes cloudy, impairing vision. Several factors can contribute to the formation of cataracts. These include:


Understanding the potential causes of cataracts can help individuals take preventive measures and make lifestyle choices that may reduce their risk or delay the onset of cataracts. Regular eye exams and consultations with an eye care professional are important for early detection and management of cataracts.


Goal kick

A goal kick is given when the attacking team puts the ball over the end line in football. The other team then takes the goal kick from the goal areas (six-yard box) and the game starts again. Players of the other team have to stay outside the penalty box during the kick. If the defending team puts the ball over the end line, the referee gives a corner kick instead.

Throw-in

A throw-in in football (soccer) is when the ball has come off the opposite team, the other team picks that ball up and throws it in and the game continues. 

Patch

A patch is a piece of a flexible material used to repair an object that has a hole in it, to protect an object from damage even before it is damaged, or to decorate clothing or other fabric items.

Cloth patches are rectangles of cloth that are used to cover up holes in clothing and other fabric items. Patches are usually used on clothes and soft things like cushions, teddy bears and blankets. Patches are sewn on with a needle and thread or glued on using a hot iron.

Many types of uniforms use cloth patches that have embroidered words or images on them. For example, police officers' uniforms have patches that state the name of the police force. Military uniforms have patches that have the flag of the country embroidered on them and the military unit that the soldier is part of. Many uniforms for businesses have cloth patches with the name of the company and the company logo embroidered on them. 

As well, many people wear patches on their regular clothing. Some patches are sold by tourist stores. These patches have the name of a region on them. Other patches worn by teenagers have the names and logos of rock bands on them. Motorcycle biker gang members, such as members of the Hells Angels wear patches on their leather vests that state the name of their gang and the logo of the gang.

Leather patches are rectangles of leather that are used to cover up holes in clothing and other fabric items. Leather patches are usually used on heavy-duty work clothes, or on the elbows of jackets, or on the knees of pants. Leather patches are sewn on with a needle and thread.

Rubber patches are rectangles, squares, or circular pieces of flat, thin rubber that are glued onto bicycle tire inner tubes, car tire inner tubes, and inflatable toys to repair holes.

Savanna

The word savanna comes from a Panamanian word for prairie or plains. 
They are covered with tall grasses. They may have scattered bushes and trees, but not enough to keep grasses from growing. 

One common example of a savanna is the tropical grassland, in Africa. They have seasonal rains and dry periods. All savanna plants and trees can survive periods of drought. During the dry season the animals migrate north to countries on the East coast. Originally the elephant herds moving up the East coast were in the tens of thousands. Sadly, the numbers of elephants now is much fewer.

Some savannas get enough rain to support a forest, but the forest never happens because grazing keeps the trees from growing. Instead there is lots of grasses and other plants that can regrow from the roots.

The savannas of Africa are the best known savannas. Some herbivores found in the savanna are antelopes, impalas, gazelles, buffalos, wildebeests, zebras, rhinos, giraffes, elephants, and warthogs. There is also a large number of carnivores, including cats (lions, leopards, cheetahs, servals), dogs (jackals, wild dogs), and hyenas. The vegetation in Eastern Africa is also rich with grass and some scattered trees, mostly acacia trees. The dry season is the winter: from December to February it may not rain at all. But in the summer there is lots of rain.

Northern Australia has a large savanna zone. This area includes northern Western Australia, the northern part of Northern Territory and eastern Queensland. Eucalyptus trees are the main tree in the Australian savanna. There are many species of kangaroos but not much else. Some savannas in Australia have regularly spaced trees. They are sometimes known as "the bush". 

Savannas in Australia can also be found in the southern parts of the country, from northeastern New South Wales in the subtropics to northern Victoria in the temperate zone. In the southwest, however, they change into chaparral (i.e. Mediterranean shrublands) and semi-desert bush.

In North America, the word savanna is also used to describe the tall grass prairies that have scattered trees, typically oaks. This is a temperate climate (colder than the tropics). It is called an "oak savanna" since the oak tree is the main tree. At least half of the view of the sky must be open. If there are more trees, then it is called a grove or a woodland. If there are fewer trees, it is a prairie. If there are many kinds of trees and brush and very little grass, then it is a forest. 

Oak savannas are found in California and Oregon on the west coast. In the southwest it is found in Arizona, New Mexico, and northern Mexico. In the midwest it is found in the tall-grass prairie. Often a grove or a savanna is east of a river, which stopped the fire often enough to let trees grow. Large oak trees will survive grass fires. 

The savannas in the midwest of the United States are kept open by regular fires, not because it is too dry for many trees.

Brazil's "cerrado" is an open woodland of short twisted trees. The are many kinds of plants and animals here, many that don't exist anywhere else on earth.
The "llanos" of the Orinoco basin of Venezuela and Colombia are grass savannas, some parts of it get flooded every year.

Peasant

A peasant is a name for a person that worked for others on a farm and never had much money. They usually wore rough, uncomfortable clothes and lived in small houses.

The word peasant came from the French word for "country" in the medieval era (15th century). In feudalism peasants, like other farmers, had to be able to do a number of jobs on the farm. They lived in rural areas and made up a large amount of the population. Most peasants could not read or write. They did not usually talk with the higher society unless it was about work. Some were serfs meaning they were not free to leave their lord's land.

Male peasants were not the only ones who worked in the fields. Their wives and other woman also worked in the fields if necessary. Female peasants usually did women's work in the house such as cooking, cleaning, making clothes, and looking after children.

They worked all the time, except sometimes on Sundays they would get a break, and when the harvesting season was over they got a longer break. 

Queen Mary of Denmark

Mary (born Mary Elizabeth Donaldson; 5 February 1972) is the wife of King Frederik X of Denmark.

Mary Elizabeth Donaldson was born in Queen Alexandria Hospital in Hobart, Tasmania. She is the youngest daughter of John Dalgleish Donaldson, a professor of applied mathematics, and Henrietta Clark Donaldson. Her parents were Scots. She has two sisters and one brother. She graduated from University of Tasmania in 1994 with a bachelor's degree in Commerce and Law.
On May 14, 2004, Mary and Prince Frederik of Denmark were married in Copenhagen Cathedral. They have four children: Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, Prince Vincent, and Princess Josephine. The Crown Prince Couple live both in Frederik VIII’s Palace at Amalienborg and in the Chancellery House at Fredensborg Palace.

Titles and Styles

5 February 1972-14 May 2004: Miss Mary Elizabeth Donaldson 

14 May 2004-29 April 2008: Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess of Denmark 

29 April 2008-14 January 2024: Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat 

14 January 2024-present Her Majesty The Queen of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat 

Military Ranks 

-Denmark 

-Officer Cadet in the Home Guard (2008) 

-Sergeant in the Hone Guard (2009) 

-Lieutenant in the Home Guard (20 February 2009) 

-First Lieutenant in the Home Guard (18 September 2015) 

-Captain in the Home Guard (31 March 2019) 

-Major in the Home Guard (4 May 2023) 

National Honor 

-Denmark: Dame of the Order of the Elephant (9 May 2004) (R.E.) 

Medals and Decorations 

-Denmark: Dame of the Royal Family Decoration of Queen Margrethe II 

-Denmark: Recipient of the Home Guard Medal of Merit 

-Denmark: Recipient of the 75th Birthday Medal of Prince Henrik 

-Denmark: Recipient of the 350th Anniversary Medal of the Royal Danish Life Guards 

-Denmark: Recipient of the 70th Birthday Medal of Queen Margarethe II 

-Denmark: Recipient of the Ruby Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Denmark: Recipient of the 75th Birthday Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Denmark: Recipient of the Golden Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik 

-Denmark: Recipient of the Prince Henrik's Commemorative Medal 

-Denmark: Recipient of the 80th Birthday Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Denmark: Recipient of the Golden Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross of Brazil 

-Bulgaria: First Class of the Order of the Balkan Mountains 

-Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland 

-France: Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of Beneficence 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon 

-Mexico: Grand Cross of the Order of the Aztec Eagle 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Recipient of the King Willem-Alexander Inauguration Medal 

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic 

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Royal Order of the Polar Star, Recipient of the 70th Birthday Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf, Recipient of the Golden Jubilee Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf 

Racquet

A racquet (sometimes racket) is used in sports to hit an object. It differs from a paddle because the head is a grid of strings instead of solid.

A tennis racquet has a long handle and a large oval-shaped area used to hit a tennis ball. It has many strings stretched across its surface (or face) both horizontally and vertically. The strings supply bounce to hit the ball. The handle and frame of the racquet is usually made out of light materials such as graphite. Older racquets were made out of wood. Tennis racquets come in different sizes and weights.

Tennis racquets can be bought at sports equipment stores or department stores. A beginner racquet can cost as little as $30, but they can cost much more for very good quality rackets ($500 or more).

A badminton racquet has a longer, thinner neck than a tennis racquet with softer strings as the shuttlecock is hit up over a net.

Secondary school

Secondary school is the next step up from primary school. Secondary schools are often called high schools or middle school in United States. In Britain, secondary schools may be public schools, grammar schools or comprehensive schools.

In Australia, a person will generally begin secondary school when they are at the age of 12 and finish (or graduate) when they are either 16 or 18 years of age. This is dependent upon whether they finish with year levels (or grades) 11 and 12. In secondary school, a person will advance through the year levels (or grades) each year.

In the United Kingdom, a person starts secondary school at the age of 11 and generally finishes secondary at either 16 or 18 depending on whether the secondary school has a sixth form offering post 16 education.

In the United States school system, secondary school is usually divided into two separate schools. One is called middle school and consists grades 6, 7, and 8 (or Junior High grades 7, 8 and 9). And the other is called high school and has grades 9 through 12. A person generally starts middle school at age 11 or 12 and starts high school at age 14 or 15 and finishes at age 18. 

Generally a student goes to the high school for four years. Depending on the laws in each individual state, a student can drop out of high school; the minimum age is 16. If the student does graduate, he/she can plan to continue his/her studies to college or a university, or just join the workforce. 

In some schools in Australia years 11 and 12 are just a normal part of high school. Some other schools may only progress through to year 10; in this case students will then go to college (years 11 and 12).

At the end of secondary school, students will usually take a unified examination. For example, students finishing secondary school in England take the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE).

Cushion

A cushion is a soft bag of material, filled with wool, hair, feathers, or even paper in small pieces . It may be used for sitting on to make a chair or couch more comfortable. Cushions can be used for body support. Cushions and rugs can be used outside, to make hard ground softer. Cushions are often for a decorative purpose and can create more character and appeal to a room. Cushions can come in many different shapes and sizes. However, the most common shape of a cushion is a square or rectangle, like a pillow.

Choice

A choice is the act of choosing. It is the selection of an optional act, in other words, it has to be an act which allows us a choice. A choice is a decision between alternatives.

We all make choices everyday, from what we are going to have for breakfast to whether we drive or walk to work. 

The field of economics examines how people make choices about how to use scarce resources and goods, such as their money or free time. Some ways of thinking such as existentialism argue that people's choices and decisions are very important.

Lutheranism

Lutheranism is a denomination of Christianity.

Lutheranism is named for Martin Luther, who led a protest against the Roman Catholic Church. He began his protest in the 16th century. He was a German priest, theologian, and university professor in Wittenberg. He originally wanted to improve Catholic theology and practices, primarily by ending the pope's indulgences and abuses of power.

Lutheranism came to be a separate church by Luther and his followers being excommunicated by the pope. Luther’s ideas started a movement called the Protestant Reformation. Other Reformation leaders who separated from the Catholic Church agreed with Luther on some things but criticized him for keeping too much Catholic doctrine (see John Calvin and Ulrich Zwingli).

Lutherans believe the Bible is the first and only authoritative source for Christian faith and teaching. Like other Christians, they believe in the Trinity, that Jesus Christ was both God and man, that all humans are sinful since Adam and Eve (see original sin), and that humans are saved by Jesus' death on the cross. Lutherans believe that the central idea to all of their beliefs is that humans are saved by grace alone through faith alone because of Jesus Christ alone (see Justification (theology)). The main points of Lutheran theology were summed up in 1530 by Philip Melanchthon in the writing called The Augsburg Confession.

Similarities with Catholicism include the liturgy and the doctrines of the real presence of the Eucharist, baptism, and original sin. Unlike Catholics, however, Lutheran pastors and bishops are allowed to marry, do not pray for intercession with the saints (including Mary), and reject the authority and the infallibility of the Pope and Catholic Magisterium.

Major American denominations include the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America (ELCA), the Lutheran Church--Missouri Synod (LCMS), and the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS), and the North American Lutheran Conference (NALC).

Ivy League

The Ivy League is a part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association. It is made up of eight private research universities in the Northeastern United States. The term "Ivy League" is often used outside sports about the eight schools as a group of elite colleges meaning academic excellence and selectivity in admissions.
This is a list of colleges and universities who play sports in the Ivy League:


Joseph Lyons

Joseph Aloysius Lyons (15 September 1879 - 7 April 1939) was the tenth Prime Minister of Australia. He was Premier of Tasmania in the 1920s. He was from the Labor Party. In 1931 he took his supporters and joined the other side. He started a new party called the United Australia Party. In January 1932 his new party won the elections. Lyons was the first Prime Minister to die while in office.

Plow

A plow or plough is a tool or machine used for several jobs, including farming and snow removal. It is pushed or pulled across the ground. Human power or other animal power was usual in past centuries; in the 20th century plows are mostly pulled by tractors. The plow lifts and turns dirt and makes two lines of dirt behind it. Turning the soil buries weeds, brings more nutrients to the top, and loosens the soil. Crops grow better in land that has been plowed.

Early in the agricultural revolution, simple hand-held digging sticks or hoes would have been used in areas with good soil, such as the area near the Nile River in Africa. At the Nile, the annual flood makes the soil better by "rejuvenating" it, to create places where seeds could be planted. To help crops grow in areas where floods were rare, the soil had to be rejuvenated in a different way. This is when plowing was first used, and hoes were the first plows.

Maglev train

Maglev trains (short form of magnetic levitation) are a very fast type of high-speed rail. Magnetic levitation is a technology that uses magnetic fields to make the train move. These fields lift the train a small distance above the tracks and move the train. They are much faster than regular trains. A transcontinental "maglev" trip from Toronto to Vancouver might take three hours. This trip takes three days on a regular train. Some day, people may be able to travel faster across land on a "maglev" train than they would in an airliner. The highest known speed of a "maglev" train is This was done in Japan in 2015. As of 2019, a few lines, only a few km or miles long, are carrying passengers in China, South Korea, and Japan. 
A maglev train does not have an engine. The trains are powered by a magnetic field created by the electrified coils in the guideway walls and the track. There are three parts to this system:
With magnets, opposite poles attract and like poles repel each other. This is the basic principle behind electromagnetic propulsion. Electromagnets are similar to other magnets in that they attract ferromagnetic metal objects, but the magnetic pull is temporary and they can be turned on and off and reversed.

The magnetized coil running along the track, called a guideway, repels the large magnets on the train's undercarriage. This repulsion lifts the train 1 to 10 centimeters ( 0.4 to 4 inches) above the guideway. Once the train is lifted, power is supplied to the coils within the guideway walls. This creates a system of magnetic fields that pull and push the train along the guideway. The alternating current supplied to the coils in the guideway walls is constantly changing the polarity of the magnetized coils. This change in polarity causes the magnetic field in front of the train to pull the vehicle forward, while the magnetic field behind the train adds more forward thrust.

"Maglev" trains float on a magnetic cushion, which reduces friction. The trains have an aerodynamic design. This allows them to reach speeds of more than 310 mph (500 kph), or twice as fast as Amtrak's fastest commuter train. In comparison, an airliner used for long-range flights can reach a top speed of about 560 mph (900 kph).

Germany and Japan are both developing "maglev" trains, and both are currently testing prototypes. The German company, "Transrapid International", also has a train in commercial use. Although based on similar ideas, the German and Japanese trains have distinct differences. German engineers have developed an "electromagnetic suspension" (EMS) system, called "Transrapid". In this system, the bottom of the train wraps around a steel guideway. Electromagnets under the train are directed up toward the guideway, which lifts the train about 1/3 of an inch (1 centimeter) above the guideway. This lifts the train even when it's not moving. Other guidance magnets in the train's body keep it stable during travel. The Transrapid maglev train can reach 300 mph (490 kph) with passengers.

Lace

Lace is a fabric, patterned with open holes in the work, made by machine or by hand. Lace is very lightweight and open, and the patterns usually have many holes and frills.

Lace is made by knitting, crocheting and weaving.


Career

Career has various meanings, mostly having to do with a job. 

The word comes from a French word meaning "road". It came to mean someone's path through life, or through a particular part of life, for example one's time in school. Later many people used the word only for someone's work and, later yet, a profession, or a job that has an opportunity for advancement. Alternatively, "a career" often means a sequence of related jobs within a single industry or sector, such as "a career in medicine" or "a career in the building trade".

Madeline

Madeline is a popular children's book series. It was written by American author Ludwig Bemelmans. The first book in the series, "Madeline", was published in 1939. The book was very successful. In the 1940s and 1950s, Bemelmans wrote many more sequels to the original. Bemelman’s grandson, John Bemelmans-Mariano, writes the series of books to this day. There are 16 Madeline books. The books were later made into a television series and a movie.

The books and the television show describe the adventures of Madeline's life in the late 1940s in France. Madeline is the smallest and youngest girl at her school. She is also the liveliest and the most popular. Madeline is not afraid of anything. She laughs at tigers in the zoo and taunts bullies. She even runs away to join a circus. She is also a very kind friend to the rest of the children at her school, and never loses her smile. Madeline attends a convent school in the heart of France with eleven other students. They leave the house at half past nine every morning in rain or shine. Miss Clavel is their teacher and a nun. The girls of her school mean more to her than anything. Miss Clavel is worried about Madeline because she is an orphan and has no family.

Although Madeline is set in France, with French accents, it is very popular all over the world, especially in the United States and in the Philippines, where a Filipino version was aired in the TV station ABS-CBN. Madeline has many internet pages including an official website and fan club.


Professional

A professional is someone who has a specialised job which only very well trained people can perform, such as Doctors, lawyers, and teachers. These occupations are known as professional occupations. They may often get paid more than other people. In sport, a professional is someone who is paid to play. For example, Petra Kvitová and Tim Cahil are professional sportspeople.

The word "professional" is often used as an adjective, e.g.
The opposite of "professional" in this sense is: "unprofessional".

Another word that is the opposite of "professional" is "amateur". This means that someone does not get paid for the job he is doing (even if he may be doing it very well).

Apartment

An apartment (US English) or flat (British English) is a place to live that is only "part" of a larger building. Usually it is a group of rooms on one floor of a building in a city, where land is too expensive for people to have separate houses. An apartment that people own is called a condominium or "condo". A lesser known ownership structure for apartments is housing cooperatives. A rented has an owner called a landlord who charges money ("rent money" or "rent") from the people who live there ("tenants").

An apartment building or block of flats may have a few or many apartments. Each apartment is a separate room or set of rooms for people to live in. Sometimes an apartment will only be one small room, and tenants will have to share other rooms like the bathroom and kitchen. Other times, tenants will only share an entrance hallway with different doors leading to each apartment. This shared area is often cared for by a janitor or caretaker.

An apartment complex or housing estate is a group of apartment buildings. In an apartment complex, all of the apartment buildings are usually made in a similar way.

In many apartments, the tenants only pay the landlord for renting the apartment, and they have to pay other people to provide utilities like electricity and heat. In some apartments, especially the ones in apartment complexes, the tenants will have to pay more to rent the apartment, but in return the landlord will give them things like utilities, laundry rooms (where people wash their clothing), exercise rooms, and parking spaces for bicycles, motorcycles, and cars.

An apartment complex may also provide recreational facilities such as a swimming pool, mini golf course, movie theater, bowling alley and others

Apartment buildings are more common in cities than houses, because there is less room in a city to fit buildings. Building a house for one family in a dense city would cost an enormous amount of money compared to building a house outside of a city.

In a studio apartment, there is a single large room instead of separate rooms for the living room, bedroom, and other areas. Usually the bathroom is a separate room.

Apartments can be classed according to how many bedrooms and bathrooms they have (e.g. "one bedroom apartment", "two bedroom apartment" "one bed one bath apartment", etc.).

Apartments can also be named by the type of building they are in (like high-rise apartments, etc.)

A garden apartment building is usually no more than three stories high and grouped around a courtyard. Sometimes a garden apartment has its own building entrance.

Communal apartments are single-room units in countries that practice or practiced Marxist-Leninism. In these apartments, all the units on a floor share a bathroom and kitchen

Loft apartments are units converted from a warehouse or factory.

In the United Kingdom, a bedsit is a one-room apartment that does not have its own bathroom.

A duplex apartment is on two floor levels

Triplex apartments have three levels.

Penthouses are luxurious apartments on the top floors of the building.

Blouse

A blouse is a dress shirt for women that fits loosely. In the past, men, women, and children wore blouses. These loose shirts often had a belt or tie at the waist.

Pocket

A pocket is a bag which is part of an item of clothing, reached through an opening in the clothing. The fabric of the clothing is shaped to make these little pouches or purses which are very handy for keeping small amounts of money and other small objects for daily use.

Pockets can be on pants, shirts, skirts, or dresses. Pockets come in very different styles, shapes, closed or unclosed with zippers or buttons. Some styles of clothing though, do not have pockets.

Dress shirt

A dress shirt is a shirt worn by men with a necktie in order to have a professional appeal and to look dignified in a crowd. In England, this is a term for a shirt that is worn with a tuxedo.

Gilmore Girls

Gilmore Girls is an American television series. It is about a single mother Lorelai Victoria Gilmore (Lauren Graham) and her teenage daughter Lorelai “Rory” Leigh Gilmore (Alexis Bledel). They live together in a fictional small town called Stars Hollow, Connecticut. The show aired on television from October 5, 2000 until May 15, 2007. "Gilmore Girls" was created by Amy Sherman-Palladino. She also acted as the executive producer during the first six series with her husband Daniel Palladino. The show first aired on The WB network and moved to the CW network when the WB merged with UPN.

"Gilmore Girls" episodes are an hour long. It has very witty storylines that explored family, generational divides, love, and friendship. It has the makings of a comedy because of the fast-paced dialogue, the wild references and sense of humour that was in the program. "Gilmore Girls" is set in Stars Hollow, a fictional town where everyone knew each other and many strange types of people walked the streets.


Nasal cavity

The nasal cavity (or nasal fossa) is a large air filled space above and behind the nose in the middle of the face.

The nose cavity is divided into a right and left passageway. The tissue that covers the wall of the nasal cavity contains many blood vessels. Heat from the blood in the vessels helps warm the air breathed in. Moisture (small amount of water) is added to the air by special cells in the walls of the nasal cavity. The air is warmed and moistened before it reaches the lungs. Cilia (small hairs) and mucus along the inside wall of the nasal cavity trap and remove dust and germs from the air as it flows through the nasal cavity. The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx, where it can be swallowed.

The nasal cavity is covered by the nasal bone. The top of the inside of the mouth separates the nasal cavity from the mouth. The nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum. On the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called turbinates. These turbinates guide the air through the nasal cavity. The vomeronasal organ is found at the back of the septum and has a role in finding pheromones.

Diseases of the nasal cavity include viral infections and nasal cavity cancer. Picking your nose can lead to bloody noses as well.


Daniel Radcliffe

Daniel Jacob Radcliffe (born 23 July 1989) is a British actor. He is best known for playing Harry in the movies based on J. K. Rowling’s "Harry Potter" books.

Radcliffe started acting in school plays when he was in primary school. When he was 10 years old, he played the part of the young David Copperfield in the television show "David Copperfield". 

In 2001, he played Mark Pendel in the movie "Tailor of Panama". Later that year, he was chosen to play Harry Potter in the movie "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" (called "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" in the United Kingdom). He also played Harry in the other Harry Potter movies.



Juice

Juice is a liquid that comes from plants, animals or fruit. The juice from fruit is often made into a drink. Some fruits that are often made into drinks are apple, orange, tomato, pineapple, grapefruit, guava, mango, passionfruit, watermelon, cranberry, grape, lemon and lime, but there are many others. 

In the United Kingdom the name of a fruit or fruits followed by "juice" can only legally be used to describe something which is 100% fruit juice. This is because of the Fruit Juices and Fruit Nectars (England) Regulations and the Fruit Juices & Fruit Nectars (Scotland) Regulations 2003.

Juice can be bought from a store, already in bottles. Companies sell fruit juice just like any other drink. Juices are made by squeezing the juice out of the fruit.

If something has a lot of juice in it, it is said to be juicy. Juice does not have to be a drink. It can just be a liquid contained in something.

Some Juices could be healthy. Orange juice has vitamin C, folic acid, and potassium which may help prevent various diseases.

Subtropical cyclone

A subtropical cyclone (also known as a subtropical storm) is a cyclonic weather storm. Subtropical cyclones have wide wind patterns with the winds getting stronger as they get farther away from the centre of the storm.

A subtropical cyclone is more likely to be a tropical cyclone than an extratropical cyclone. Subtropical cyclones are only found in the northern Atlantic Ocean and in the eastern Pacific Ocean. Like normal tropical cyclones, most subtropical cyclones have maximum wind speeds of at least 39 mph to 74 mph (60 km/h to 110 km/h). Subtropical cyclones that have wind speeds less than 39 mph are known as "subtropical depressions". There is no such thing as a "Subtropical Hurricane". If there is a previously subtropical storm with this intensity, it is either fully tropical or extratropical. 

During the 1950s and 60s, subtropical cyclones were simply called "semi-tropical". There was much discussion between meteorologists in the late 1960s as to what a subtropical cyclone was. So, in 1972, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) officially classified the type under a new category different from actual tropical cyclones. During the 1970s, the NHC began making a new list of names, separate for subtropical cyclones, although that process was soon canceled because it was rejected by many scientists. After that, subtropical storms were just numbered, such as Hurricane Karen from 2001, which was originally named "Subtropical Storm One". But in 2002, a policy change had tropical and subtropical storms share the same list of names for the whole season, which started with Subtropical Storm Nicole in 2004.

In the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, the NHC watched the first named subtropical cyclone: Subtropical Storm Nicole. Later, another unnamed subtropical cyclone was discovered in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season after someone re-read the records. Although it could have been named, the subtropical storm remained without a name because it was only identified a long time after the official season had finished. A third subtropical cyclone was named Subtropical Storm Andrea, which formed on May 9 just before the start of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.

A subtropical cyclone can form in many ways:


The most common type of a subtropical cyclone is an upper-level cold low with circulation expanding to the surface layer and strongest winds usually happening at a radius of about 100 miles/160 kilometers or more from the center.

Another type of a subtropical cyclone is a mesoscale low forming in or near an area of horizontal wind shear, also known as a "dying frontal zone", with radius of strongest winds normally less than 30 miles (50 kilometers). The entire circulation may originally have a diameter of less than 100 miles/160 kilometres. These cyclones usually last for a short time. They may be either cold core or warm core, and for some time in 1972 this type of subtropical cyclone was called a "neutercane". As of 2006, the warm core type was moved under the definition of the term, tropical cyclone; and removed from the subtropical cyclone definition.



Morning

Morning is time periode of the day from midnight to noon (00:00:00-12:00:00). Morning is usually cooler than afternoon (12:00:00-18:00:00).

Many people use the morning as a time to get ready for the day. This includes things like taking a shower, eating a meal (called breakfast, because you break the fast of the night) and getting dressed. Then many people go to work or school. 

Many people buy a morning newspaper to read about what is going on in the world.

Disinfectant

Disinfectant is a liquid used to destroy and kill unwanted germs and parasites. It is often used in the activity of cleaning, especially in bathrooms and kitchens, as they are the areas most likely to be contaminated with dangerous microorganisms. Disinfectants are dangerous liquids and should be used carefully because they can be deadly to humans and animals when in large amounts; it is also different to antiseptics for this reason - disinfectants can only be used on non-living things, while antiseptics are not strong enough to combat the germs disinfectant fights. 

Types of Disinfectant
Disinfectant types are classified based on various types of applications. 
Different disinfectants are used differently. 

Four types of disinfectant:

Floor

A floor is a horizontal surface inside a building. People walk on a floor. A floor can be made of many different materials, including concrete, tiling, or wooden floorboards. People often put carpets on a floor. 

The word "floor" can also mean the level in a building. Another word for this is "storey".

The way these levels are numbered may be different in different countries. In Britain and most of Europe, the ground level floors are called the "ground floor", the next level is called the "first floor". In most of the United States, Russia and China, the floor at ground level is called the "first floor", the next level is called the "second floor". This can be confusing for people visiting other countries.

Gymnasts also perform an event on floor. The women perform a routine to music, and the men perform a routine without music. 

Okinawa

Okinawa is the name for the biggest island in the Ryūkyū Islands, far south of Japan. It is also the common name for Okinawa Prefecture, which controls the Southern Ryūkyū Islands.

The capital of Okinawa is Naha. Naha is on the island with the most people, Okinawa island. Okinawa used to be called Great Lew Chew Island.

Okinawa is home to the Okinawan people, who also inhabit the minor islands surrounding Okinawa as well. There are also many Japanese in Okinawa.

Many of Okinawa's islands are scenic, and there are many beaches there. 

The temperature in Okinawa is often warm or hot. Many animals make their home around the Okinawa islands. For example, sea turtles, jellyfish, and many kinds of birds all live around Okinawa.

An average person in Okinawa lives to be older than 100 years old. Some people think that is because Okinawan food is healthy. Fish is very popular, but people also eat sea vegetables and pork. Okinawans are known as easygoing people, almost everyone loves to sing and dance. Okinawa's music is popular all over Japan. A musical instrument called a "sanshin" is often used. They celebrate their musical instrument every year on March 4th by singing folk songs together. Okinawans when compared with Japanese are peaceful people. They placed sanshin on their tokonoma while on Japanese mainland tend to display samurai.

Okinawan food is famous for its originality. Examples of local specialties are Okinawa Soba, Go-ya Champuru, Rafute, and Ji-mami-doufu.

Okinawa was the site of the last big battle of World War II, the Battle of Okinawa. A lot of Okinawan people died during the battle. Now, the United States has some military bases for soldiers on the different islands of Okinawa. There are some symbols of this battle in Okinawa. The Himeyuri Monument is the most famous symbol.

Okinawa is currently a part of Japan. However, it has its own history and culture distinguished from Japan. The history of Okinawa is usually divided into five eras as follows.

In the prehistoric era, hunting animals and collecting plants prevailed. A shift to farming advanced during the 10th to 12th centuries. Many communities were formed, and integrated into the three small countries of Hokuzan, Chūzan, and Nanzan. In 1372, Chūzan began paying tribute to the Chinese Ming Dynasty. This small country became strong by trade with the Ming dynasty, and attacked the other countries. It became the "Ryūkyū Kingdom". This kingdom flourished through trade throughout Asia during the 15th and 16th centuries.

In 1609, Shimazu Iehisa invaded the Ryūkyū Kingdom. He was the feudal lord of Satsuma Province. This invasion meant that the Ryūkyū Kingdom was forced to pay tribute to the Japanese shogunate regime. This domination continued until the end of the 19th century.

In 1867, the Japanese shogunate ended and power was returned to the Emperor Meiji. The new government had a policy to incorporate the Ryūkyū Kingdom into the Japanese Empire. The Ryūkyū Kingdom was reorganized. At first, in 1872, the Ryūkyū Kingdom was renamed Ryūkyū Domain, meaning that it was directly controlled by Japan instead of Satsuma Province. In 1879, it was reorganized as Okinawa Prefecture. The Ryūkyū Kingdom was ended at that time. Okinawa became a Japanese colony.

At first, Japan emphasized the differences between Okinawan and Japanese culture, to justify discriminatory policies in the colony. However, to justify the colonization to the West, the policies were changed to ones which emphasized similarities and which assimilated Okinawa into Japan. Thus, Okinawan society has been greatly influenced by Japan. The Japanese taught Okinawan children that the Okinawan language was a "dialect" of Japanese, and students were punished for speaking their native language. Okinawa was caught up in the Japanese war against U.S.A. and China. Okinawa was incorporated into the war system. At the end of World War II, Okinawa itself became the battlefield, the social infrastructure was completely destroyed, and many people died. 

After the war, Okinawa was put under the U.S. military. The people expected freedom, but priority was given to U.S. military policy. Therefore, the movement for a return to Japan was strengthened, and it was carried out in 1972. However, the problem continues up to the present as the Japanese government continues to give priority to U.S. military policy. Many US military bases are still left, and crimes by a few US soldiers continue to be a social problem.


Only Fools and Horses

Only Fools and Horses is a British comedy series sitcom. It is set in Peckham, south London. It was shown on BBC One and GOLD from 1981 to 2003.


Ateneo de Manila University

The Ateneo de Manila University (also called "Ateneo de Manila" or simply "the Ateneo") is a private university run by the Society of Jesus in the Philippines. Its main campus is at Loyola Heights in Quezon City, Metro Manila. It offers elementary, secondary, undergraduate, and graduate level education. It teaches many things, for example Arts, Humanities, Business, Law, Social Sciences, Theology, and Pure and Applied Sciences.

The Ateneo de Manila University has three campuses in Metro Manila. Several thousand teachers teach students of different ages, from elementary to postgraduate. The Loyola Schools have around 7,500 undergraduate students and around 3,000 graduate students, making the Ateneo small, in number of students, compared to many other Philippine universities.

The university began in 1859 when the City of Manila turned over the Escuela Municipal, a public primary school in Intramuros, to Spanish Jesuits. The school took the name "Ateneo" when it began teaching secondary education in 1865, and it has since grown into a university.

Jerry Seinfeld

Jerry Seinfeld (born April 29, 1954) is an American comedian and actor.

Seinfeld is known by many people for his television show, "Seinfeld", which he created, wrote and acted in. The show won many awards. These included the Emmy and Golden Globe Awards.

Seinfeld wrote the movie "Bee Movie". He was the voice of Barry B. Benson.

Seinfeld was born in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City. His father, Kalmen Seinfeld (1918–1985), was of Austrian Jewish background. His mother, Betty (1915- ), is of Syrian Jewish descent.

Comedy specials

Writing credits for "Seinfeld"

The list below only includes episodes mainly written by Seinfeld, as he (and Larry David in Seasons 1 through 7) rewrote the drafts for each episode.

Subtropical Storm Nicole (2004)

Subtropical Storm Nicole was the fourteenth named storm and first subtropical cyclone to form during the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the first subtropical storm to be given a name from the standard hurricane naming list and be considered a subtropical cyclone in real-time. The storm never made landfall as a subtropical cyclone, though its remnants affected Anticosti Island, just off of the provinces of Prince Edward Island and Quebec.

Nicole began with an upper tropospheric trough and a decaying frontal system over the southwestern North Atlantic in early October. By October 8, a broad area of surface low pressure formed about 400 miles (640 km) southeast of Bermuda. The system soon began to produce gale-force winds, affecting Bermuda on October 9. Early the next day, the National Hurricane Center said that the low-pressure system had sufficient tropical characteristics to be classified as a subtropical storm, and was given the name "Nicole".

Steadily tracking over cooler waters toward the northwest, Nicole lost all of its tropical characteristics and was declared fully extratropical on October 11, 345 miles (555 km) south-southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Hurricane Centre continued to issue advisories on what was then called "Post-tropical Storm Nicole", which had now merged with a stronger mid-latitude cyclone. This weather system produced heavy rainfall across the Maritimes near Anticosti Island on October 14.

No damage or fatalities were reported, for that Nicole never made landfall or directly affected any land areas. It brought light rain to Bermuda and briefly threatened it before heading northeast. Its remnants combined with a stronger cyclone affecting Anticosti Island in Canada; however, no significant damage was caused in the area.

Since 2002, subtropical storms have been given names from the same naming sequence as tropical storms. As such, Nicole was the first named subtropical storm to get a name under this rule. Many subtropical cyclones between 1975 and 2001 with a sufficiently tropical nature were either considered fully tropical storms or numbered. Initially, however, the phonetic alphabet was used to name subtropical cyclones.


For official forecasts, see the NHC's public advisory archive on Subtropical Storm Nicole.


Cyanide

Cyanides are chemicals that contain the "cyano-group" C≡N. Organic compounds that contain the CN group are called nitriles. In that group a carbon atom has three chemical bonds to a nitrogen atom. The group is present in many substances. Those substances that can release the compound CN are very poisonous.

Certain bacteria, fungi and algae are able to produce cyanides. Cyanides are also found in certain foods or plants, such as cassava. The cyanides serve as a defense against being eaten by herbivores. 

In popular culture, cyanides are said to be very toxic. There are some cyanides that are, but others that are not. Prussian blue, a cyanide compound, is given as a treatment to poisoning with thallium and caesium, for example.

The poisons referred to are usually hydrogen cyanide (HCN), and the chemicals which are similar to it, like potassium cyanide (KCN), and sodium cyanide (NaCN). They are derivatives of hydrogen cyanide. The single most hazardous compound is hydrogen cyanide, which is a gas and kills by inhalation. cyanide smells like bitter almonds when near.

Hydroxocobalamin reacts with cyanide to form cyanocobalamin, which can be safely eliminated by the kidneys. This antidote kit is sold under the brand name "Cyanokit" and was approved by the U.S. FDA in 2006.

Kindergarten

Kindergarten, literally meaning "children's garden", is the first stage in the move from home to formal education. Children learn through play. In most countries kindergarten is part of the pre-school system. In North America and some parts of Australia kindergarten is the first year of school. Kindergarten children are usually between three and seven years of age. Kindergarten ages vary from country to country. In Malaysia, for example, kindergarten children are six and when they are seven years old they go to primary school.

The name kindergarten was coined by Friedrich Fröbel (1782–1852). His work influenced early-years education around the world. 

Sometimes, children go to pre-kindergarten for a year, before they go to kindergarten. Pre-kindergarten is more common in United States, Canada, and Turkey than other countries.

2006 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2006 Atlantic hurricane season was an annual event in the yearly cycle of tropical cyclones. It officially started on June 1, 2006, and lasted until November 30, 2006. Ten tropical storms formed during the season. Five became hurricanes, and one tropical storm did not have a name. It Affected USA State Of Florida

This season was unusual in that no hurricanes made landfall in the United States of America. One tropical storm, Tropical Storm Zeta from the 2005 season, continued into January, which was the second time on record that a tropical cyclone existed in two calendar years.

Because of the super-active 2005 season, forecasts and meteorologist thought that the 2006 season would also be very active, but not as active as 2005. However, an El Niño event, combined with the presence of the Saharan Air Layer over the tropical Atlantic Ocean, contributed to a slow season and forcing all tropical cyclones to dissipate after October 2.

On June 10, an area of thunderstorms became the year's first tropical depression. This storm moved closer to Florida, and the depression became a tropical storm on the morning of June 11. In the Gulf of Mexico, warm waters helped the storm to grow in strength, but it weakened slightly over the cooler waters near the coast of the United States.

Alberto crossed the coast about 50 miles southeast of Tallahassee, Florida on June 13. Parts of Cedar Key and Crystal River were flooded from the high sea waves associated with Alberto. Because Alberto was big in size, it took a long time to weaken over Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. Alberto moved to the northeast, as it changed from a tropical cyclone to an extratropical cyclone. As an extratropical storm, Alberto quickly became stronger while off the New England coast. Damage in the United States was about $565,000.
One tropical storm formed in July off the United States coast. It was not identified as a storm at the time, therefore, the storm did not have a name. It was identified as a tropical storm when a close review was taken at the end of 2006. If it was identified at the time it would have been named Beryl. 
In the middle of July, a series of low pressure areas formed off the United States. The southern-most low slowly movPre-160 Atlantic hurricane seasonsed to the south as it became more organized a few hundred miles east of the North Carolina coast. On the morning of July 18, the low pressure area became the second tropical depression of the season, more than a month after Tropical Storm Alberto existed. That afternoon, the depression became Tropical Storm Beryl.

Beryl continued moving to the north until it turned to the northeast on July 20. Beryl moved parallel to the East Coast of the United States and crossed over Nantucket Island, before becoming extratropical southwest of Nova Scotia on July 21.
On about July 26, a large and well-organized tropical wave formed off the coast of Africa and slowly moved we

stward. It slowly developed due to poor environmental conditions and it became a tropical depression late on 31 July about east of Antigua. The depression soon strengthened further and was named Tropical Storm Chris six hours later. National Hurricane Center forecasters dismissed some computer models, which dissipated Chris quickly, as they did not have a handle on the strength of the storm. Tropical Storm Chris moved to the northwest and slowly strengthened before reaching its peak strength on August 2 with winds of , when it was to the northeast of the United States Virgin Islands. The storm was forecast to strengthen further and become a hurricane as it moved into the Bahamas and thus into the Gulf of Mexico. However, Chris began to be affected by strong wind shear and became disorganized. The storm weakened to a tropical depression on August 4, and dissipated as it approached the Cuban coast.

In response and some fear to the storm's projected path into the Gulf of Mexico, prices for crude oil rose on the New York Mercantile Exchange at branch offices in London. Natural gas prices rose considerably in New York Mercantile Exchange electronic trading on August 2. Anticipation of a threat to supply by a potential Hurricane Chris coupled with high demand during an ongoing heat wave are cited as reasons for the price move. Also, numerous oil rigs were closed and ditched in response to the storm for the fear of Hurricane Katrina a year earlier. On August 2 approximately 600 tourists evacuated the Puerto Rican islands of Vieques and Culebra as tropical storm warnings had been issued. Cruise lines such as Royal Caribbean re-routed their ships to avoid the storm. In Puerto Rico, rainfall from the storm caused the Fajardo River to overflow its banks. The overflown waters temporarily closed a highway in the northeastern portion of the island. Rainfall reached up to 2 inches (50 mm) across portions of Hispaniola, the Turks and Caicos, the Bahamas, and eastern Cuba, and reached 4 inches (100 mm) in some mountainous areas.
A tropical system off the coast of Africa, which the National Hurricane Center was monitoring for several days, was upgraded to tropical depression status on August 21 and designated as Tropical Depression Four. Consequently, a tropical storm warning was immediately issued for the Cape Verde islands, as the system threatened to pass over or near the southern part of the archipelago. However, the system failed to strengthen into a tropical storm before passing the chain of islands, and the warning was discontinued the following morning.

The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm and was named Debby late on August 22. While it had been expected to strengthen into a hurricane, Debby weakened into a tropical depression on August 26. It continued to the north and lost tropical characteristics on August 27.

At 3:15 p.m. EDT (1915 UTC) on 24 August, a reconnaissance flight determined that a tropical wave passing through the Windward Islands had developed a closed tropical circulation, and advisories were commenced on Tropical Depression Five. By 5 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC) on 25 August, a second flight had found sustained tropical-storm force winds, and the system was named Ernesto. Ernesto became a hurricane on the morning of 27 August just south of Haiti, before it was downgraded back to a tropical storm in the afternoon. The storm caused 2 deaths in Haiti due to rainfall.

Ernesto made landfall near Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, early in the morning on 28 August. At one point the storm was predicted to become a major hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico and threaten parts of the Gulf Coast, a grim possibility in light of the one-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina's landfall. However, Ernesto moved much farther east than anticipated, and made landfall as a tropical storm on the southern tip of Florida on 29 August. Two people died in Florida in road traffic accidents attributed to the weather conditions, as the cyclone slowly moved northward across the southern half of the peninsula. Ernesto restrengthened into a tropical storm as it emerged from land near Cape Canaveral, and was just below hurricane strength when it made landfall again in North Carolina on 31 August.

Damage in Virginia totaled to $104 million (2006 USD)
Tropical Depression Six formed from an area of low pressure midway between Africa and the Lesser Antilles on 3 September. Initial strengthening of the depression was slow due to shearing wind conditions. Despite the moderate to high wind shear, it strengthened enough to become Tropical Storm Florence on the morning of 5 September. After becoming a tropical storm, Florence's wind field began to expand greatly; at one point tropical storm-force winds extended outward up to 405 miles from the center. With a disorganized structure and multiple circulation centers, Florence remained a weak tropical storm for several days, even after external conditions became favorable for strengthening. Around the evening of 8 September it resolved to a single center and steady strengthening resumed - "science had prevailed", as one forecaster remarked. On the morning of 10 September, Florence reached hurricane strength. Large swells, rip tide, and undertow were reported on Bermuda, the Leeward Islands, the Virgin Islands, and Hispaniola. Florence soon reached its peak as a Category 1 hurricane very near Bermuda, and became extratropical on 12 September, while still a hurricane.

As Hurricane Florence moved norhtwestward, an area of low-pressure with scattered thunderstorm activity slowly became more organized while northeast of the Lesser Antilles. On the evening of September 10, it developed a closed circulation and was called Tropical Depression Seven. It continued to strengthen, and was then named Tropical Storm Gordon on September 11 and Hurricane Gordon late on September 12. Gordon attained Category 2 status on the evening of September 13, and was further upgraded to Category 3 status that same night, making it the first major hurricane of the season.

Around September 16 it was nearly froze for some time in the mid-Atlantic about 1000 miles east of Bermuda, and became a weak hurricane. However, it subsequently accelerated eastwards and strengthened to become category 2. On 19 September hurricane warnings were issued for the Azores, as the predicted path passed through the center of that archipelago. It became extratropical on September 20 after passing through Azorean waters, but the remnants side-swiped north-western Spain and then moved rapidly north towards Ireland and the west of Britain on September 21. By the morning of September 22, it had been absorbed into a large Atlantic low to the west of Ireland.
On September 10, an area of clustered thunderstorms began to move off the western African coast. It quickly became stronger and organized itself to become Tropical Depression Eight. Continuing to organize, it reached tropical storm strength on September 13, becoming a hurricane on September 16 and a major hurricane (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale) on September 17. Helene moved generally west-northwestward before commencing a northeasterly turn. Large currents from Helene lashed Bermuda. The hurricane then became an extratropical storm on September 24 and died shortly after.
An area of low pressure in mid-Atlantic generated active thunderstorms for several days and eventually organized into Tropical Depression Nine on 27 September and a tropical storm by 28 September. By that time it was about east-southeast of Bermuda. It became a hurricane on 30 September, and passed about east of Bermuda before swinging northwards towards Newfoundland. As it was still a strong tropical storm near the Avalon Peninsula, tropical storm warnings were issued on 2 October due to the potential for high winds. Isaac passed to the southeast of Cape Race late that afternoon. The Canadian Hurricane Centre reports that if Isaac had tracked just 50 to 100 km (30 to 60 miles) further north than it did, the St. John's area would have experienced much higher winds than the peak gust of it received.

At its closest approach to the Avalon Peninsula, Isaac was still tropical, and had maximum sustained winds of and a minimum central pressure of 993 mbar. Strongest winds on land in Newfoundland were reported at Cape Race, where a maximum gust to with a sustained wind of was recorded. At Cape Pine, a peak wind was reported at . However, due to Isaac's small size and fast forward speed, winds were lighter over most of the Avalon Peninsula.

Rainfall from Isaac was not reported to be higher than in most areas due to Isaac's speed and decreasing amount of moisture. The highest measured amount was at Cape Race, while Cape Pine reported and St. John's reported less than .
strength.

These names will be used for storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2006. The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2012 season. The list is the same as the 2000 season's list except for Kirk, which replaced Keith.

While it had been previously reported that a new backup list would be chosen (after it was first used in 2005), the National Hurricane Center reported in its first tropical weather outlook for the season that it would again use names from the Greek alphabet should the main list run out. It would again start with Alpha.
No names were retired, and this was announced by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2007. The names will be used again for 2012 Atlantic hurricane season.



Crash Bandicoot (character)

Crash Bandicoot is a video game character from the video game series with the same name, where he is the hero. He is a bandicoot who acts like a human, wearing blue jeans and trainers.


Elbląg

Elblag ( ) is a city in northern Poland on the eastern edge of the Żuławy region with 124,257 inhabitants (December 31, 2011). Elbląg is one of the oldest cities in the province and in Poland.
Elbląg is located about 55 kilometres (34 miles) south-east of Gdańsk and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of Kaliningrad, Russia. The city is a port on the river Elbląg, which flows into the Vistula Lagoon about 10 km (6 mi) to the north, thus giving the city access to the Baltic Sea via the Russian-controlled Strait of Baltiysk. The Old Town (Polish: Stare Miasto) is located on the river Elbląg connecting Lake Drużno to the Vistula Lagoon, about 10 km (6 mi) from the lagoon and 60 km (37 mi) from Gdańsk.


500 Series Shinkansen

The 500 Series Shinkansen is a high-speed train in Japan. They run on the Shinkansen lines. They were retired from the primary "Nozomi" service in 2010. They now run the all-stations "Kodama" service between Shin-Osaka and Hakata.

All 500 Series have 16 cars. Each train cost about 5 billion yen. Only nine were built.

Balaton

Balaton is the largest lake in Hungary and in Central Europe. Every year many tourists come to Balaton from Germany. There are many places to be visited. Balaton is a shallow lake, because its average depth is 3.2 meters and its maximum depth is 12.2 meters. The northern part of Balaton is deeper than the southern part.

The so-called capital of the Lake Balaton is Siófok. During the summer the streets are full of life, and at night there are several discos.

Ceres (dwarf planet)

Ceres, also known as 1 Ceres (symbol: ), is the smallest dwarf planet in the Solar System and the only one in the main asteroid belt.

It was discovered on 1 January 1801, by Giuseppe Piazzi, and is named after the Roman goddess Ceres, as the goddess of growing plants, the harvest, and motherly love. After about 200 years from its discovery, the International Astronomical Union decided to upgrade Ceres from an asteroid (or minor planet) to dwarf planetary status in 2006.

With a diameter of about 950 km, Ceres is by far the largest and most massive object in the asteroid belt, and has about a third of the belt's total mass. It was once thought to be smaller than Vesta, which is brighter. The asteroid is spherical, unlike the irregular shapes of smaller bodies with lower gravity. At its brightest it is still too dim to be seen with the naked eye. Ceres is located at 2.8 AU (257 million miles) from the Sun, which makes it the closest dwarf planet to the Sun. It is also the only dwarf planet in the Solar System that has no moons.

On September 27, 2007, NASA launched the Dawn space probe to explore Ceres and Vesta. In 2015, Dawn became the first spacecraft to visit a dwarf planet, arriving at Ceres a few months before NASA's New Horizons spacecraft visited Pluto, another dwarf planet.

Ceres has an unusual crater, Occator which contains bright salts.


Aquarium

An aquarium (plural "aquariums" or "aquaria") is a place where fish and other animals that live in water are kept by humans. An aquarium can be a small tank, or a large building with one or more large tanks.

Keeping an aquarium is a popular hobby around the world. Careful aquarists (people who keeps aquariums) make sure their fish live in an environment similar to their natural habitats. This means caring about water quality, lighting, and food.

Large public aquariums are often popular with tourists. They show the fish and other animals they keep in large tanks, and also often protect species that are close to extinction. An example of a public aquarium is Sydney Aquarium, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

The artificial fish habitat have existed since ancient times. Sumerians kept fishes in ponds before cooking them. 

Earle Page

Sir Earle Christmas Grafton Page (8 August 1880 – 20 December 1961) was the eleventh Prime Minister of Australia. He became Prime Minister when Joseph Lyons died in office. He remained until a new leader, Robert Menzies, was elected by the United Australia Party.

Ronin

Ronin (浪人) is the word used to describe a kind of samurai without a master. Hundreds of years ago in Japan, it was very important for every samurai to have a master.

It also refers to somebody who has failed their university entrance exams and is studying for the next year's exams.

İsmet Özel

İsmet Özel (born 19 September 1944, in Kayseri) is a Turkish poet. He was born in Kayseri, Turkey.

He started his university degree at Political Science Faculty of Ankara University. He graduated from the French language department at Hacettepe University.

In 1970, he published a literature magazine "Halkın Dostları" with Ataol Behremoğlu, a Turkish poet and Russian linguist. In fact, Ataol Behramoğlu purified his poetry by leaving out crude propaganda and naive didacticism.

Acarology

Acarology is the study of mites and ticks. A person who studies acarology is an acarologist.

Fredrik Reinfeldt

John Fredrik Reinfeldt (born August 4, 1965) was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 2006 to 2014. He was also the leader of the Moderate Party. The Moderate Party is the largest of the four political parties in the Swedish government, but the second largest in the parliament following the Swedish Social Democratic Party and their leader Stefan Löfven.

Reinfeldt lost his re-election to Stefan Löfven as Prime Minister. Reinfeldt also announced that he was resigning his position as leader of the Moderate Party.

Coat of arms of Russia

The coat of arms of Russia (Russian: Герб России/Transkription Gerb rossi) has been used since the year 1993 as the coat of arms of Russia. Since the year 2000 it was defined by court decision as the coat of arms of Russia. It is based on the coat of arms used before the Soviet Union. It has been changed many times, but can be traced back for centuries. 

The double eagle was added by Ivan IIII after his marriage with the Byzantine princess Sophia Paleologue. She was the niece of Constantine XI, the last Byzantine Emperor. The double-headed eagle was the symbol of the Byzantine Empire. The orb and scepter held by the eagle are heraldic symbols of sovereign power and autocracy.

The horse's rider is Saint George fighting a dragon. The three crowns were added in 1625. Through time, their meaning has changed. They have been seen as the conquered kingdoms of Kazan, Astrakhan and Siberia, or as the coming together of 'All the Russias' - "Grand Russia" (Russia), "Little Russia" (today's Ukraine) and "White Russia" (Belarus). In the modern time, they became the symbol for the three parts of government: Executive, legislative and Judiciary.

Brother Bear

Brother Bear is a 2003 traditionally-animated musical fantasy comedy-drama movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 21, 2003. It is about a human named Kenai who turns into a bear and discovers brotherhood. The 43rd animated feature in the Disney animated features canon, it was originally titled "Bears", and was the third and final Disney animated movie produced mainly by the Feature Animation studio at Disney-MGM Studios in Orlando, Florida, that studio was shut down in March 2004, not long after the release of this movie in favor of computer animated features. The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Best Animated Feature, but lost to Finding Nemo. A sequel, "Brother Bear 2", was released on August 29, 2006.

In post-Ice Age North America, the local Native Americans believe in the Great Spirits, who create life and are said to appear in the form of an aurora. Three brothers, Kenai (Joaquin Phoenix), the youngest, Denahi (Jason Raize), the middle, and Sitka (D.B. Sweeney), the elder, return to the tribe to receive totems, necklaces that take the shape of animals, with each animal being representative of something the brothers must achieve to prove themselves as men. Unlike Sitka, who receives the eagle of guidance, and Denahi, the wolf of wisdom, Kenai receives the bear of love, to which he objects, believing them to be thieves; he makes his point a fact when a grizzly bear steals their basket of fish. Kenai and his brothers pursue the bear; when the fight culminates on top of a glacier, Sitka sacrifices himself to save his brothers, by dislodging the glacier, but the bear survives. Following Sitka's funeral, 
Kenai takes it upon himself to slay the bear, blaming it for his brother's death. After fighting and slaying the animal, Sitka's spirit appears in the form of a bald eagle, and the Spirits transform Kenai into a bear. Denahi arrives and, thinking that the bear also killed Kenai, vows to avenge his brother by killing it.

Kenai falls down some rapids and is healed by Tanana (Joan Copeland), the tribal shaman; while she does not speak the bears' language, but advises him to travel to the mountain where Sitka's spirit will turn him back into a human, but only if he atones for his crime; vanishing without explanation. Kenai discovers he can now communicate with animals, meeting two moose called Rutt (Rick Moranis) and Tuke (Dave Thomas). He ends up getting caught in a hunter's trap, but is freed by Koda (Jeremy Suarez), a sassy bear cub. The two strike a deal; in exchange for leading Koda to an annual salmon run, he will take Kenai to the mountain. The two form a brother-like relationship, and Koda reveals his mother is missing. The two are pursued by Denahi, who is out to avenge Kenai; unbeknownst to him, his brother is the bear he is hunting. Upon reaching the salmon run, where several bears congregate, including the leader Tug (Michael Clarke Duncan. Kenai accepts his new surroundings and is comfortable living amongst the bears. During a discussion, Koda tells a story about his mother getting involved in a fight with human hunters; this reminds Kenai of his brothers' fight with the bear, and he realizes, to his horror, that he killed Koda's mother.

Horrified by his actions, Kenai runs away in guilt, but Koda follows him. Upset, he confesses to Koda that he killed his mother, and the bear cub runs off in grief; an apologetic Kenai then travels to the mountain on his own. Meanwhile. Rutt and Tuke have a fight, but reconcile with each other in front of Koda, prompting him to forgive Kenai. On the mountain, Kenai is attacked by Denahi, but Koda steals his spear. Out of love for the bear cub, Kenai sacrifices himself, and Sitka's spirit transforms him back into a human, much to the surprise of Koda and Denahi. Upon realizing that the cub needs him due to his own mistakes, Kenai asks to be transformed back into a bear, with Denahi's support. Sitka complies, and transforms his brother back to his bear form, and Koda is briefly reunited with his mother's spirit, before she and Sitka depart to the spirit realm. In the end, Kenai lives with the other bears, and gains his title as a man through living as a bear. 
The reaction from movie reviewers was mixed to negative with many panning the movie as copying older Disney movies like "The Lion King" and the 20th Century Fox movie "Ice Age" (although "Brother Bear" began production before "Ice Age" did), while others defended the movie as a different and reasonable variation of the theme. The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the movie. However, "Brother Bear" holds a rating of 38% in Rotten Tomatoes, which says that ""Brother Bear" is gentle and pleasant if unremarkable Disney fare, with so-so animation and generic plotting".

Additional voices were provided by Caitlin Rose Anderson, Maxi Anderson, Bob Bergen, Jeffery L. Bergman, Rodger Bumpass, Carmen Carter, Cathy Cavadini, Randel Crenshaw, Cam Clarke, Jennifer Darling, Debi Derryberry, Cedric the Entertainer, Bill Farmer, Trey Finney, Dave Foley, Pat Fraley, Jess Harnell, B. Wyatt Johnson, Ben Johnson, Bethany Johnson, Luke Johnson, Amy Keys, Phil LaMarr, Hope Levy, Rick Logan, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Arnold McCuller, Terence McGovern, Mickie McGowan, Tim Mertens, Laraine Newman, Rob Paulsen, Pat Pinney, Brian Posehn, Josef Powell, Phil Proctor, Pam Seagall, Roger C. Smith, Susan Stevens-Logan, Tara Strong, Cree Summer, Steve Susskind, Maddie Taylor, Alan Tudyk, Lamont Van Hook, Julia Waters, Oren Waters, Willie Wheaton, Fred White, Joe Whyte, Maxine W. Waters, Ariel Winter, Terry Wood, James Woods and Terry Young.

Score by Mark Mancina/Phil Collins


"Brother Bear 2" was released August 29, 2006.


Logical volume management

Logical volume management is a method of allocating computer storage. It is about allocating space on "mass storage devices", like hard drives. It is more flexible than the partitioning of the drive into static (unchangeable) volumes. With a logical volume manager it is possible to grow partitions, even beyond the size of one physical disk. It is also possible to use striping or to put partitions together and combine them while they are being used. 

Logical volume management is a form of virtualisation. It makes it easier to adapt to the changing storage needs of computer users.

Volume managers differ but some basic concepts exist across most versions. The volume manager starts with "physical volumes" or PVs, which can be hard disk partitions, RAID devices or SAN LUNs. PVs are split into small chunks of even size (a default of 4 MB on HP-UX) called "physical extents" or PEs. The PEs are then pooled into a "volume group" or VG.

The pooled PEs can then be joined together into virtual disk partitions called "logical volumes" or LVs. These LVs behave just like hard disk partitions: mountable file systems can be created on them, or they can be used as raw block devices for swap.

The LVs can be grown by joining more PEs from the pool. Some volume managers allow LV shrinking; some allow online resizing in either direction. Changing the size of the LV does not necessarily change the size of a filesystem on it; it merely changes the size of its containing space. A file system that can be resized online is recommended because it allows the system to adjust its storage on-the-fly without interrupting applications.

PVs may also be organized into "physical volume groups" or PVGs. This allows LVs to be mirrored by pairing together its PEs with redundant ones on a different PVG, so that the failure of one PVG will still leave at least one complete copy of the LV online. In practice, PVGs are usually chosen so that their PVs are on different sets of disks and/or data buses for maximum redundancy.

Some volume managers also implement snapshotting by applying copy-on-write (COW) to each PE. In this scheme, the volume manager will copy a PE to a "COW table" just before it is written to. This preserves an old version of the LE—the "snapshot"—which can later be reconstructed by overlaying the copy-on-write table on the current LE. Snapshots which are read-write are "branching snapshots" because they implicitly allow diverging versions of an LE.

Snapshots can be useful for backing up self-consistent versions of volatile data like table files from a busy database, or for rolling back large changes in one swoop, such as an operating system upgrade. Some Linux-based LiveCD systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc.

The levels of indirection that volume managers introduce can complicate disaster recovery, especially when the base operating system and other essential tools are themselves on an LE.

Many operating systems ship with LVMs:


Metallica (album)

Metallica (also known informally as The Black Album) is the fifth studio album by thrash metal band Metallica. It was released in 1991 by Elektra Records. It debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, making "Metallica" the band's first album to do so. Currently, "Metallica" has sold over 15 million copies in the United States alone. It is the band's most successful album.

The album was hard for the band to make. Ulrich, Hammett and Newsted got divorces with their wives because of the stress.

Six singles were released from the album: "Enter Sandman", "The Unforgiven", "Nothing Else Matters", "Wherever I May Roam", "Sad but True", and "Don't Tread on Me". "Enter Sandman" was the best-selling. It won Best Metal Video at the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards.

The album won a Grammy for Best Metal Performance in 1992.

In 2012 Metallica played the whole album in their 2012 European Black Album Tour from the end to the start.


Rainbow trout

The rainbow trout ("Oncorhynchus mykiss") is a species of fish. It is farmed in some places. Like species of trout, the rainbow trout is related to salmon. The rainbow trout is one of many different kinds of trout. It is called a rainbow trout because its scales are colorful and shiny.

Populations of many rainbow trout subspecies have declined in their native ranges due to over-harvest, habitat loss and disease.

"Myxobolus cerebralis" is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids that causes whirling disease.

Rainbow trout and steelhead are thought to be game fish among anglers. They're a very popular target for fly fishers.
In Western cuisine, rainbow trout is very popular. It has tender flesh and a mild, somewhat nutty flavor. Wild fish has a stronger, gamier taste than farmed fish. Farmed rainbow trout are considered one of the safest fish to eat and have a number vitamin B. They are also noted for being tasty.




Fat-tailed gerbil

The fat-tailed gerbil ("Pachyuromys duprasi") is a species of gerbil. Its tail becomes fatter when it eats something. Then it uses it when food becomes scarce. They can live 5 to 7 years in captivity. It is from Africa.

They can survive a long time without drinking because they are adapted to a dry climate. 

They bury themselves under the sand until night so that there are not as many predators that will attack them.

Goku

Goku is the protagonist of the manga and anime "Dragon Ball" created by Akira Toriyama. He is a Saiyan who likes having a great challenge towards enemies.

Goku is the main protagonist of the dragon Ball franchise. He starts off as young boy and meets a teenage girl named Bulma.

Dragon Ball

Dragon Ball "(ドラゴンボール, Doragon Bōru)" is a Japanese media franchise by Akira Toriyama. The manga series was originally published in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" magazine from 1984 to 1995, and the 519 chapters put into 42 volumes. The series follows the main character Son Goku, an alien originally thought to be a human, as he trains in martial arts and explores the world in search of the mysterious Dragon Balls. When the seven Dragon Balls are gathered, one wish will be granted by Shenlong the Dragon. Goku is accompanied by Bulma and trained by Master Roshi while he fights a wide variety of villains. "Dragon Ball" is separated into two anime series, Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z, having two sequels, Dragon Ball GT and Dragon Ball Super. Spin-offs include a trading card game, several movies, and multiple video games, making the most popular anime franchise worldwide. And of course the legendary manga in which recent chapters the deuteragonist Vegeta has surpassed Goku in terms of power with his new form, Ultra Ego.

The series begins with Goku and Bulma finding all seven Dragon Balls, which can summon the dragon Shenlong to grant the user a wish. Their journey takes them to many people like Yamcha, Chi-Chi (Goku mistakenly agrees to marry), and Pilaf, an evil man who seeks the Dragon Balls to grant his desire to rule the world. Goku then must go through intense training by Master Roshi to fight in the Tenkaichi Budōkai, a fighting tournament. A monk named Krillin becomes Goku's best friend and training partner. After the tournament, Goku looks for the Dragon Ball his adoptive grandfather left him and almost single-handedly takes down the Red Ribbon Army and their assassin Taopaipai. Goku reunites with his friends to defeat fortuneteller Baba's fighters to locate the last Dragon Ball to revive a friend killed by Taopaipai.

Three years later, Goku and his friends oppose Master Roshi's rival Tsuru-Sen'nin, and his students Tenshinhan and Chaozu at Tenkaichi Budōkai. Krillin is killed after the tournament and Goku tracks down and is defeated by his killer, Piccolo Daimao. The samurai Yajirobe takes Goku to Karin, where he heals and gets a power boost. After the deaths of Master Roshi, Chaozu, and even Shenlong, Goku then kills Piccolo Daimao (who is young again), who, just before dying, spawns his son/reincarnation Piccolo Jr. Karin takes Goku to Kami, the original creator of the Dragon Balls, to bring back Shenlong and revive his friends. Goku trains with Kami for three years, reuniting with his friends at the next Tenkaichi Budōkai where he narrowly wins against Piccolo and leaves with Chi-Chi, marrying her.

Five years later, Goku is a young adult and father to Gohan, when Raditz arrives to Earth, and reveals to Goku that he is part of an alien race called the Saiyans who sent Goku with a mission to take over Earth for them before he suffered a head injury. Goku teams up with Piccolo to defeat Raditz but is also killed. Goku trains with King Kai in the afterlife, until he is revived to defeat Nappa and Vegeta, but Yamcha, Tenshinhan, Chaozu and Piccolo are killed. Krillin learns of other Dragon Balls on planet Namek and joins Bulma and Gohan to look for them to revive their friends and bring back Earth's Dragon Balls. The quest leads them to fights with the galactic tyrant Frieza's henchmen, the Ginyu Force, and Vegeta. In the battle with Frieza, Vegeta and Krillin are killed, and the fight ends when Goku transforms into the legendary Super Saiyan and defeats him.

A group of Androids created by Dr. Gero, a former Red Ribbon Army member, appear three years later looking for revenge against Goku. During this time, an evil artificial life form called Cell emerges and, after absorbing two of the Androids to transform into his perfect form, holds his own fighting tournament to challenge Goku and his friends. Gohan defeats Cell, when Goku dies again. Seven years later, Goku, revived for a day, and his friends must defeat Majin Boo. After a lot of battles, and after the re-creation of Earth, Goku destroys Boo with a "Genki-Dama" attack and wishes for him to be reincarnated as a good person. Ten years later, Goku meets and trains Boo's human reincarnation Oob, to have him becoming the world's protector.




Frieza is the first major villain in "Dragon Ball Z." He is often seen with a group of other fighters who help him.

Androids are a group of human-machine hybrids created by Dr. Gero, appearing in the Androids and Cell sagas. A few are:

Saiyans are a race of endangered aliens. They are naturally aggressive warriors who have great powers and technology. Most Saiyans travel from planet to planet destroying the people who live there so that they can sell the planet and worked for Frieza. Most Saiyans can be easily noticed by their tail but some have lost their tails. Saiyans without tails include Goku, Vegeta, Gohan, Trunks, Goten and Broly. The Saiyans lived on the planet Vegeta which was later destroyed by Frieza.

Super Saiyans
Are very powerful warriors who can power up by anger. Some Saiyans can become "Super Saiyans," including half-Saiyan hybrids like Gohan and Goten. A Super Saiyan is a transformation a Saiyan can go through and makes them stronger and changes their hair to blonde. Only a few Saiyans have the potential to become Super Saiyans. The legend goes, once every 1,000 years a Super Saiyan emerges. Saiyans play a very important role once it is revealed that Goku is one.

Only a few Saiyan characters have been able to become Super Saiyans:
Caulifla

Cell also achieves the power of Super Saiyan. Kale and Caulifla are two female Saiyans. They can also transform into Super Saiyans.

Fusion warriors are warriors made out of two fighters by the means of fusion. There are three ways of fusion:the first being the Namekian fusion, which a namekian fuses with another Namekian, giving the former a power boost. There are three users of this technique
The second fusion technique is the potara fusion which two warriors wear potara earrings and merge into one entity or fighter or being stronger then the two combined, is like it creates a new warrior. The earrings comes from the deities called the Kais and when a deity fuses with another deity the fusion stays permanent. The users of this are:
The potara fusion warriors are:
The third and final technique is the metamorian fusion or fusion dance,it is similar to the potara fusion but it requires a special dance in which you and another warrior must dance the steps in perfect harmony or it you'll fuse into an incomplete and weaker form like veku. This fusion technique also creates a new warrior like the potara and the fusion warrior will be stronger then the two warriors combined. The users of this technique are:
The metamorian fusion warriors are:

Namekians,are green slug like beings from planet Namek who possess many abilities like regeneration or creation. Most Namekiams have the ability to create dragon balls but unlike their namekian ancestor Solomon who created the Super dragon balls.There many types of nameks like:
Namekian warriors
They are warriors from planet Namek,some use their power to protect while others use it for their evil desires. The Namekian warriors are:
Namekian Guardians
There are Namekians who look over their planet. Guru is the only one in the series who uses the same ability to release one's true strength like Elder Kai/Old Kai. The Namekian Guardians/Elders are:

The series has been adapted into two anime. "Dragon Ball" is based the first 194 chapters of the manga, while "Dragon Ball Z" is based on the last 325 chapters and last 26 volumes of the "Dragon Ball" manga. It basically begins where <nowiki>"Dragon Ball"</nowiki> left off. "Dragon Ball GT" aired from 1996 to 1997. Dragon Ball Super, the newest series for the franchise aired from 2015 to 2018.<nowiki>"DRAGON Ball first Arc"</nowiki> Dragon Ball: Saiyan race

Flowers for Algernon

Flowers for Algernon is a book written by Daniel Keyes in 1960.

The main character of the book is Charlie Gordon, an unintelligent but lovable person. Charlie is used in part of a new experiment to triple his IQ. He becomes intelligent, and learns to read and enjoy the world around him better. But later, people stop liking him as much because he makes them feel bad. He learns that it is more important to be a good person than a smart person. He frequents a class for feeble minded folks taught by a teacher named Miss Kinnian. While Charlie's IQ grows so does his love for her. He finds himself in a state of depression, unhappy and unsatisfied with his new artificial IQ.

The title of the book comes from a mouse in the story named Algernon who also has the experiment done on him.

"Flowers for Algernon" is on many schools' lists of books that students must read.

Soapstone

Soapstone or steatite is a metamorphic rock. It has a large amount of the mineral talc.

Steatite is softer than most stones. Because steatite feels like soap, people call it "soapstone". People have been making things out of soapstone for thousands of years.

Soapstone has been a major component of ceramics used as electrical component insulators for many years. It is easily formed or carved into shapes.

During the Harappan/Indus civilization (2500 BC1750 BC) soapstone was used in the manufacture of seals. These people used to import steatite from Shaher-i-sokhta and the Kirthar hills.

Treaty of Tordesillas

The Treaty of Tordesillas was a treaty between Portugal and Spain in 1494. The countries decided to divide up all the land in the Americas between Portugal and Spain. However, Natives had no say in this treaty. The Spanish Pope Alexander VI was the Pope at the time of the treaty. The Pope drew an imaginary line on a map. This line was 2,193 kilometers to the west of the Cape Verde Islands. He gave Portugal the land to the east of this line and gave Spain the land to the west of this line. The purpose of the treaty was to resolve conflict. 

King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castile of Spain signed this treaty in Tordesillas, Spain. This is where the treaty got its name. Spain governed the territories West of the line and Portugal governed the territories east of the line. The two countries mostly followed the treaty. 

This treaty was an important event during the age of discovery and colonization. Natives did not acknowledge the treaty. The treaty also connected to the discovery doctrine. This doctrine said that European Christians had the right to colonize new lands. It did not matter who lived there first. It only mattered that a Christian first settled there. So the first Christian to settle in land would have a right to that land. Both Portugal and Spain respected this doctrine. 

Great Britain (1600) and the Netherlands (1602) soon joined the Portuguese and Spanish in exploring the world at the beginning of the 17th century. With these new countries, the Treaty was broken and more or less 'canceled'. By this time, Portugal's limited resources made it weaker. Portugal could no longer control its Asian colonies. It no longer had trading superiority. In time, the French, Danes, Swedes and later the Americans joined the earlier Europeans in colonizing South and East Asia. Protestantism did not regard the Pope's authority in the treaty.

The Treaty lasted a short time, but had indirect impacts. It changed Spanish and Portuguese exploration of the New World. The treaty in part explains why the Portuguese-speaking part of South America became one country called Brazil. The regions in South America more to the West speak Spanish.The Spanish-speaking colonies split up into many different independent countries including Argentina, Colombia, and many others. 

Second (disambiguation)

Second stands for:

Mr. Magoo

Mr. Quincy Magoo is a popular cartoon character from the late 1940s until the 1970s. Jim Backus was the voice of Mr. Magoo. Mr. Magoo was not able to see well because he was very nearsighted.

The first cartoon with Mr. Magoo was "The Ragtime Bear" (1949).



Jam

Jam is a condiment. It is usually made from pressed fruit, sugar, and sometimes pectin. Most jams are cooked. After making, jam is normally put into an airtight jar.

Usually a jam contains as much sugar as it contains fruit. The two parts are then cooked together to form a gel.

In the European Union, the jam directive (Council Directive 79/693/EEC, 24 July 1979) sets minimum standards for the amount of "fruit" in jam. It also expanded the definition of fruit. This was done to take several unusual kinds of jam made in the EU into account. For this purpose, "fruit" is considered to include fruits that are not usually treated as fruits, such as tomatoes; fruits that are not normally made into jams, such as melons and watermelons; and vegetables that are sometimes made into jams, such as: rhubarb (the edible part of the stalks), carrots, sweet potatoes, cucumbers, and pumpkins. This definition continues to apply in a later directive, Council Directive 2001/113/EC (20 December 2001).

According to Canadian food and drug regulation (CRC), jam and jam products must at least have 45% of the named fruit and 66% of water-soluble solids. In addition, it may contain added pectin, pectinous preparation, or acid ingredient. Also, reasonable amount of a Class II preservative, a pH adjusting agent, and an antifoaming agent is acceptable. However, the jam product shall not contain apple or rhubarb.

Marmalade is jam made from oranges and tends to have pulp and peels.

Jelly is different from jam as it is made from mostly juice instead of fruit.

Fruit butters are made from slow cooking fruit to a smooth consistency.

Joan Miró used blackberry jam as an art medium.

As a gel, jam is neither a solid or a liquid. It can contain chunks of fruit which are solids. Once opened and out of the fridge the gel becomes more like a liquid, and is able to decay.


Neiße

The word Neisse or Neiße (German) or Nysa (Polish) is the name of three rivers and one city.



Penalty kick

A penalty kick (short pen) is a type of free kick in football. The ball is 11 meters away from the goal post. A penalty kick is taken by the team which has been fouled if the violent act is made in the penalty box. 
Penalties can also happen in a penalty shootout, when there is a draw in a match even after added extra time.

Vanilla

Vanilla is a spice and a flavoring. The plant it grows on is the orchid "Vanilla", which is a vine.

The main species picked for vanilla is called "Vanilla planifolia". Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés is credited with introducing both vanilla and chocolate to Europe in the 1520s.

Today, most of the flavoring is done in chemical laboratories because real vanilla beans are expensive. The pure (man-made) form of the flavoring is known as 'vanillin'.

The plant was brought to Europe by the Spanish in the 1520s. Vanilla was a well-regarded spice in Mesoamerica.

The first people to grow vanilla were the Totonac people. They lived the east part of Mexico, by the sea. The Totonac people say that the vanilla plant was first made when a royal daughter and her lover were killed.

In the 15th century, Aztecs fought a war with the Totonacs. The Totonacs lost the war. The Aztecs liked the taste of vanilla. They named the fruit "tlilxochitl", which means "black flower", because vanilla fruits turn black and dry after they are picked.

Until the mid-19th century, Mexico was the biggest producer of vanilla. In 1819, however, French businessmen shipped vanilla to the islands of Réunion and Mauritius in hope of growing vanilla there. Vanilla did not grow well there, because these places did not have the right kind of bees to take pollen between the plants. A young slave, Edmond Albius, discovered how to do pollination of the flowers quickly by hand. Then vanilla began to grow well in the new places. Soon, vanilla plants were sent from Réunion Island to the Comoros Islands and to Madagascar. By 1898, Madagascar, Réunion, and the Comoros Islands produced 200 metric tons of vanilla fruits, about 80% of the vanilla grown in the world.

In the 1930s, businesses made a group to choose prices. The price of vanilla rose very high in the late 1970s after a big storm hurt important croplands. Prices remained high through the early 1980s, but then the group ended. Prices dropped 70% in a few years, to nearly US$20 for one kilogram. In 2000, prices rose sharply again after another big storm struck Madagascar. The storm, political problems, and poor weather in the third year drove vanilla prices up to US$500 for one kilogram in 2004. In 2005, the price went down to about $40 for one kilogram. By 2010, prices were down to US$20 for one kilogram. It remains one of the most expensive spices.

Today, most Bourbon vanilla and vanilla fruit is produced in Indonesia. Madagascar also grows a lot of vanilla. Mexico, once the biggest producer of natural vanilla, used to grow 500 tons of vanilla in a year. In 2006, it made only 10 tons of vanilla.

About 95% of "vanilla" foods are flavored with man-made vanillin instead of with vanilla fruits. Vanillin can be produced synthetically from lignin, a natural polymer found in wood.

Pepper

Peppers are plants, but there are many unrelated genera

Glatzer Neisse

The Glatzer Neiße (Polish Nysa Kłodzka) is a river that flows into the Oder river from the left.

It is 150 km long, and flows through the cities of the central forest (Miedzylesie): Habelschwerdt (Bystrzyca Kłodzka) and Glatz (Kłodzko). It then runs eastward. Other cities on the river are Patschkau (Paczków), Ottmachau (Otmuchów), Lausitzer Neiße (Lewin Brzeski) and Schurgast (Skorogoszcz). Finally, it flows at the village of Riebnig (Rybna) southeast from Brieg (Brzeg) into the Oder.

The Glatzer Neiße has often left its banks and flooded nearby cities, at times destroying them completely. City chronicles from Kłodzko mention floods in the following years:








Oder

The Oder River (; Czech/) is a river in Central Europe. It starts in the Czech Republic and flows through Poland and Germany. It forms 187 kilometers of the border between Poland and Germany. The river is 854 kilometres long and ends in the Szczecin Lagoon in the Baltic Sea.

Some bigger towns the Oder passes are Wrocław, Eisenhüttenstadt, Frankfurt on the Oder, Szczecin and Police. The biggest city on the Oder River is Wrocław, in Lower Silesia, Poland.

The Oder River has different names in different languages. Most of these names are very similar, or almost the same:
These names come from the Latin language names. In Medieval Latin the river was called "Od(d)era". In Renaissance Latin, which was invented in 1534, the river was called "Viadrus".

In the Old Church Slavonic language, the name of the river was Vjodr.
The Oder is 854 km long. 112 km pass through the Czech Republic. 742 km pass through Poland. 187 km make up part of the border between Germany and Poland.

The Oder is the second-longest river in Poland. (The Vistula is the longest river.)

It begins in a watershed in the Oder Mountains that is 118,861 km². This basin is mostly in Poland, but a little bit is in the Czech Republic and Germany. The river runs through five voivodeships in Poland, and two states in Germany.

The river ends in the Szczecin Lagoon near Police, Poland. Here the Oder splits into three other rivers: the Dziwna River, the Świna River, and the Peene River. These three rivers start in Szczecin Lagoon and end Bay of Pomerania in the Baltic Sea.

The biggest city on the Oder River is Wrocław in Lower Silesia, Poland.

The Oder passes through 28 major cities and towns. These are:

After the river splits, the Dziwna River branch passes through 3 towns:

The Świna River branch passes through:

The Peene River branch passes through:

These towns sit on the Szczecin Lagoon:


Odra

Odra can be any of the following:


Robert Schumann

Robert Schumann (b. Zwickau in Saxony, June 8, 1810; died July 29, 1856) was a famous German composer. He lived in the time called the Romantic period. He had to give up his plans for being a concert pianist because he injured his hand. He published a music magazine and wrote a lot of articles about music that had just been composed. His music is full of things that are typical of Romantic music: it is full of emotion, the pieces often have titles that describe things, and they are often inspired by literature. He wrote a great deal of piano music. Some of this music is hard to play, but other pieces are quite easy. Many children learn to play some of the pieces in his "Album for the Young". His songs (Lieder) are among the best ever written. He also wrote larger works like symphonies and concertos and chamber music. Sometimes he felt very happy but at other times he was very depressed. These changes of mood can be heard in a lot of his music.

Robert Schumann was the fifth and youngest child of a bookseller and publisher. As a boy he liked reading the books in his father’s shop. He began to compose when he was seven. At school he was extremely good at music and literature. He passed his school-leaving examination with very high marks. His family wanted him to be a lawyer, so he went to Leipzig to study law but he hardly ever went to any lectures. He was much more interested in music and literature, but also in women and drinking. He took piano lessons from a teacher called Friedrich Wieck. Wieck had a 9-year-old daughter Clara. Many years later she was to become his wife. Clara was a brilliant pianist. Her father took her on concert tours because she was a prodigy.

Schumann started to compose short piano pieces and songs. He loved the music of Schubert and when he heard that Schubert had died he cried all night. He often practised the piano for seven hours a day. However, he started to have problems with his fingers. It has often been said that he hurt his hands because he made something to stretch his fingers, but people now think it was more likely due to mercury poisoning because doctors had used mercury to try to cure his syphilis. Whatever the reason, he could not continue to be a pianist and he spent the rest of his life composing and writing about music. Many of his articles appeared in a journal called "Neue Zeitschrift für Musik" ("New Journal for Music") which he started.

In 1834 he became engaged to a girl of sixteen called Ernestine, but then Schumann broke off the engagement because he loved Clara Wieck. Clara’s parents did not want her to marry him. Her father did everything he could to stop the marriage. Maybe he guessed that Schumann had syphilis, maybe he knew that he was often drunk. In the end, after many arguments, court cases and secret meetings between Robert and Clara, they were married in 1840.

Schumann suffered from manic depression. When he was depressed he hardly wrote anything, but 1840 was a happy year for him and he wrote lots of songs as well as orchestral music. In 1841 he wrote four symphonies. In 1842 they went on a concert tour together, but Schumann found it difficult because Clara was more famous than he was. He returned alone to Leipzig to work at his publishing. He felt depressed again at this time and drank a lot of beer and champagne. He was happy again when Clara returned, and composed some chamber music. In 1844 they toured Russia and played to the Tsar. By August he had a complete nervous breakdown and could not bear to listen to his own music. It took him some time to recover.

By now he was good at writing all kinds of music. He wrote music for the famous play "Faust" by Goethe. He wrote one opera, "Genoveva", in 1849. His fame spread slowly. For many years Dresden and Leipzig were the only towns where he was famous. In 1850 he became musical director at Düsseldorf. In 1853 he met Brahms. Brahms became a great friend of the Schumann family. Schumann published an article in the "Neue Zeitschrift für Musik" with the heading “Neue Bahnen” (“New Paths”) in which he said that Brahms (who was 20 at the time) was going to be a very great composer. He was right.

Schumann had often thought of trying to kill himself. On 27 February 1854 he threw himself into the river Rhine. He was rescued by some boatmen, but when they brought him to land he seemed to have gone quite mad. He was taken to an asylum where he spent the last two years of his life. He died on 29 July 1856.

Schumann’s piano music is very well known. Although he had to give up his career as a pianist his wife Clara played his pieces and helped them to become famous. Many of his piano works are collections of short pieces, each with a title e.g. "Papillons" ("Butterflies"), "Davidsbündlertänze", "Carnaval". Schumann was thinking of carnival celebrations when he wrote these pieces. The Davidsbündler was a group of people Schumann belonged to who did not like the “Philistines” (people who did not enjoy good music, named after the Philistines in the Bible) In "Carnaval" the two sides of Schumann’s personality are represented by Florestan and Eusebius. Schumann's manic depression (the happy and the tragic moods that he had) are heard side by side in his music. Other piano works include, "Kreisleriana","Album for the Young" which has some quite easy pieces like "Soldier’s March" and the popular "Scenes from Childhood" with its famous "Träumerei" ("Dreaming"). There are also longer works for piano: 3 sonatas, a Toccata and a Phantasie.

His chamber music includes string quartets and a famous piano quintet.

Schumann was one of the great composers of Lieder (German songs). He chose poetry by famous German poets and set them to music in very imaginative ways. The piano has very interesting accompaniments which help to bring out the meaning of the words. He wrote a song-cycle called "Dichterliebe" ("Poet’s Love") which is a setting of some poems by Heinrich Heine. Another song-cycle is called "Frauenliebe und -leben" ("Woman’s Love and Life") to words by Adalbert von Chamisso.

Although the young Schumann seemed to prefer writing short pieces, he became more interested in long works after meeting Mendelssohn. He was also inspired to write symphonies after he discovered Schubert’s Symphony no 9 which no one knew that Schubert had written. He found it in a box in Vienna at the house of Schubert’s brother. Schumann wrote four symphonies. One of his best is the Third which is often called the "Rhenish" Symphony (after the river Rhine). The Fourth in d minor is also a great work. Using only a few musical ideas he develops them in many ways and writes a long, four-movement work. His piano concerto is a great favourite. Clara Schumann played it with the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra at its first performance on New Year’s Day 1846. 

For writing music and performing at home Robert Schumann was using a grand piano by Conrad Graf - a present from the piano maker on the occasion of Robert and Clara's marriage in 1839. This instrument was later given by Clara Schumann to Johannes Brahms.

After Schumann’s death Clara devoted herself to playing her husband’s music and helping it to become well known. She visited England regularly where she played at concerts. She also edited a lot of Schumann’s works for the publisher Breitkopf und Härtel.


Lecture

A lecture is when someone talks to a group of people about something interesting. It is like a lesson. At college or university students go to lectures to learn things. The person who is teaching (talking to the group) is called the lecturer or sometimes professor. The lecturer may accept questions from the audience.

Sometimes we say that someone was "given a lecture". This means that he was told off for doing something wrong.

Mosel

Mosel may mean the following:



Moselle (department)

Moselle is a department in the Grand Est region of France, named after the Moselle river. The prefecture (capital) of Moselle is Metz.

Moselle is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was divided in nine districts: Metz, Bitche, Boulay, Briey, Longwy, Morhange, Sarreguemines, Sarrelouis and Thionville, with Metz as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the nine districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Metz, Briey, Sarreguemines and Thionville.

The Moselle department was eliminated in 1871 when part of the territory became part of Germany; the remaining parts were combined with the Meurthe department to form Meurthe-et-Moselle.

In 1919, a new department of Moselle was formed.

In 2015, several "arrondissements" were eliminated and their territories passed to the remaining "arrondissements", and only 5 were kept: Forbach-Boulay-Moselle, Metz, Sarrebourg-Château-Salins, Sarreguemines and Thionville.

The Moselle department is in the Grand Est region and borders only 2 departments: Meurthe-et-Moselle to the south and west, and Bas-Rhin to the east. To the north, the department borders Germany and to the northwest with Luxembourg.

Moselle has an area of . Its highest point is Grossman () in the western part of the department on the border with the Bas-Rhin department; it is high.

The main rivers in the department are the Moselle, the Saar and the Seille.

The area around Metz, at an altitude of about , is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Metz is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Metz is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is April with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Metz is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

Moselle is managed by the "Departmental Council of Moselle" in Metz. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 27 "cantons" and 727 "communes" (municipalities) in Moselle.

The following is a list of the 27 cantons of the Moselle department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Moselle department are known, in French, as "Mosellans" or (women: "Mosellanes"),

Moselle had a population, in 2014, of 1,045,154, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Metz, with 341,821 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Moselle

The 10 "communes" with more inhabitants in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department are:

In the 19th century, the economy of was characterized by heavy industry, especially steel and iron factories. After the weakening of these industries at the end of the 20th century, the department has tried to promote new economic activities based on industry and technology.



Clara Schumann

Clara Schumann (born Leipzig 13 September, 1819; died Frankfurt am Main 20 May, 1896), was the wife of composer Robert Schumann. She was a famous pianist and composer.

Clara was born Clara Wieck. Her father taught her the piano. She was a prodigy and by the time she was thirteen her father was taking her on concert tours.

She was only nine years old when Robert Schumann came to Leipzig to study law at the university. Robert Schumann’s family had told him that he had to study law, but he wanted to be a musician. He took piano lessons from Clara’s father, Friedrich Wieck.

Clara not only learned the piano, she also studied singing, the violin, instrumentation, score reading, counterpoint and composition. By 1835 she was famous in the whole of Europe and was admired by Goethe, Mendelssohn, Chopin, Paganini and, of course, Robert Schumann.

Clara’s father did not want them to marry. He did everything he could to stop the marriage. For several years life was very difficult for them, but in the end, by 1840, they were married.they married by court permission

They had a happy marriage and had eight children. Clara played her husband’s piano works (Schumann had a hand injury and had to stop playing the piano). She ran the household and earned money by teaching and performing. Life was not always easy. When they went on tours together Clara was more famous than her husband, and this was difficult for him. Robert often had depression. They both taught at the Leipzig Conservatorium and Clara also taught privately in Dresden and Düsseldorf.

Robert Schumann died in 1856 after two years in a mental asylum. Clara was left with seven small children to bring up. Nevertheless, she continued her career as a pianist and often travelled to other countries, especially England, where she played Robert’s piano works. She was great friends with Brahms and often performed his works, too.

Clara’s own compositions are all from her early years. She was a very gifted composer. In those days people thought that women should not be composers. Playing the piano was one thing, but a woman was not expected to be a professional composer. Clara knew this, and devoted more time to her playing, and to editing her husband’s music.

Clara’s compositions include more than 20 piano works, a piano concerto, some chamber music and several songs.

Four Noble Truths

The Four Noble Truths are a Buddhist teaching. They show Buddhists why they should follow the Middle Way.

The first noble truth is called "Dukkha", which means "suffering". It says that life is full of suffering. To say it in a different way, in life, there is sickness, poverty (being poor), old age, and death. People can not keep what they want. People can not avoid what they do not want. If that is all a person learns, they suffer.

The second noble truth is "Samudaya", which says that there is a reason for suffering in the world. It says that the reason there is suffering is that people want things. It also says that the reason there is suffering is that people want what they think is real. They do this because they are ignorant. People do wrong actions because they want things and because they do not see what is real. Those evil actions lead to suffering.

The third noble truth is "Nirodha". It says that people can be free from suffering when they no longer want things.

The fourth noble truth is called "Magga". It says that for a person to stop wanting things, they must follow a set of rules. The rules are called the Noble Eightfold Path.

The eightfold path says that truth is found in the Middle Way. A person can get to the Middle Way by following the eightfold path. The eight parts are these:




Composition

Composition means literally "putting together". It may refer to:


Theory of relativity

The theory of relativity is a theory Albert Einstein created in the early 1900s. There are two theories of relativity. The first is special relativity and the second is general relativity.

The theory tries to solve problems which could not be solved by Classical physics, or by 19th century physics. Some things, like the orbit of Mercury or the way light from distant sources bends as it passes a star, cannot be explained by the physics of 1900. Einstein tried to change the basic ideas of physics. He came up with two theories to do that. The first was called Special relativity and the second was called General relativity.



BIOS

BIOS, computing, stands for Basic Input/Output System. The BIOS is a computer program embedded on a chip on a computer's motherboard that recognizes and controls various devices that make up the computer. The purpose of the BIOS is to make sure all the things plugged into the computer can work properly. It brings life to the computer, and the term is a pun on the Greek word , "bios" meaning "life".

"Booting", sometimes called "Booting up" is the process that the computer completes to get it ready to use when it is first turned on. When the computer turns on, the BIOS starts up and performs a Power-On Self Test (POST). During the POST, the BIOS will check various devices in the computer like the computer processor, memory, the video card and others to make sure they are present and functioning. Once the POST has completed successfully, the BIOS looks for an operating system to load, which is usually located on the computer's hard drive. When it finds one, it starts to load it. At this point, the operating system takes over control of the system.

Some people try to configure their computer to run faster than it was designed to do. This is called "overclocking". Since the BIOS controls the computer processor, entering the BIOS setup screen while it is booting up gives people access to advanced computer settings. For most computers, pressing the delete or F12 button while the computer is booting up will bring up the BIOS setup screen. There are many ways a computer can be overclocked to run faster, but most involve simply turning up the speed of the computer processor. Doing this will usually make your computer run much hotter, though, and can sometimes break your computer, which is why overclocking will usually void your computer's warranty. Only people who are computer hardware experts should attempt to overclock their computers.

Anna Politkovskaya

Anna Stepanovna Politkovskaya (; 30 August 1958 — 7 October 2006) was a Russian journalist. Anna Politkovskaya wrote for the newspaper "Novaya Gazeta". She was born in the New York City, United States. Her parents were diplomats and her mother was Ukrainian. Her birth name was Anna Stepanovna Mazepa (Russian:"Анна Степановна Мазепа").

She was best known for her thoughts about the war in Chechnya, a Russian state. She was also against the leader of Russia, president Vladimir Putin. Many of her texts asked for human rights.

In 2002 Politkovskaya won the Courage in Journalism Award.

In 2007 her set of memoirs "A Russian Diary: A Journalist's Final Account of Life, Corruption, and Death in Putin's Russia" was published in English.

On 7 October 2006, she was shot dead at her house in Moscow. It is possible she was murdered for political reasons. Some Western countries have asked for a thorough investigation of her death. They saw it as an attempt to end opposition to the Russian regime, as perhaps one of the last chances to save the freedom of the press in Russia. The "Noyava Gazeta" has put up a reward for information that can explain why she was killed.


Bengali language

Bengali is the most eastern Indo-Aryan language from South Asia. It developed from a language called Pali. 
Bengali is spoken in Bangladesh and in the Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura, parts of Assam and Jharkhand and in the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. 

There are about 220 million native speakers and about 250 million total speakers of Bengali. It is one of the most widely spoken languages in the world, ranking seventh.

Most people in Bangladesh speak Bengali, and many famous books and poems are written in Bengali. Rabindranath Tagore was a famous poet who wrote in Bengali. Tagore won the Nobel Prize in Literature. The national anthems of both India and Bangladesh were written in this language.

DDR (disambiguation)

DDR is a three-letter abbreviation with multiple meanings, including:

Peso

The peso is the monetary unit of several countries in the Americas and the Philippines. Originating in Spain, the word "peso" translates to "weight" and uses the peso sign ("$"; "₱" in the Philippines).

The silver "peso" worth eight "reales" was also known in English as a Spanish dollar or "piece of eight" and was a widely used international trade coin from the 16th to 19th centuries.

In 1868, Spain discontinued the "peso" as its main currency and replaced it with the "peseta". However, both the "peso" and the "peseta" both continued to be legal currencies up until 2002 with the euro.


Robert Menzies

Sir Robert Gordon Menzies (20 December 1894 - 14 May 1978) was the 12th Prime Minister of Australia.

He was Prime Minister for a total of 18 and half years which is the longest in Australia's history. After the death of Joseph Lyons he was elected leader of the United Australia Party and became Prime Minister in 1939. He resigned in 1941 after a lot of criticism. In 1944 he helped form the new Liberal Party. In 1949 he was re-elected Prime Minister. He stayed in the job until he retired in 1966.

According to his biography in the "Australian Dictionary of Biography", "Menzies belonged to a generation for whom to be Australian was automatically to be British."

Pauline Fowler

Pauline Fowler was a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". She was played by English actress Wendy Richard (1943–2009).

In the show, she lived at number 45 Albert Square. She had three children, Mark, Michelle and Martin. Mark died in 2004 of AIDS.

She was married to a man called Joe Macer in 2006, and she also had three grandchildren called Vicki, Mark and Rebecca and a dog called Betty.

When she was born, her name was Pauline Beale. She married a man called Arthur Fowler, who was the father of her children. He died in 1996.

Pauline's father Albert and mother Lou Beale are both dead. She has six brothers and sisters called Pete, Kenny, Dora, Harry, Ronnie and Maggie. Pete and Ronnie are both dead.

Pauline worked at a launderette with her best friend Dot Branning.

Pauline was in the show since it started in 1985 until her death at Christmas 2006.

Will Young

Will Young (born 20 January 1979) is an English singer and actor. He was born in Berkshire.

He became famous in 2002 when he won the British singing competition, "Pop Idol". Since then, he has had a successful music career.

Young has released three albums so far and has had four number one singles in the United Kingdom. He acted in the film "Mrs. Henderson Presents".

He is openly gay.





Concentration

In chemistry, concentration is how much of a substance is mixed with another substance.

The substance that is dissolved (shown as the red dye in the example) is known as the solute. The substance in which the solute is dissolved (shown as the water in the example) is known as the solvent.

To concentrate a solution, one must add more solute, or reduce the amount of solvent. To dilute a solution, one must add more solvent, or reduce the amount of solute. 


IPod shuffle

The iPod shuffle is an MP3 player made by Apple Inc. It's available with a 4GB memory which can hold roughly 1,000 songs, or 2GB memory holding roughly 500 songs. The iPod shuffle is Apple's smallest music player, it is 45.2mm tall, 17.5mm wide, and has a depth of 7.8mm. It was discontinued on the same day as iPod Nano, on 27 July 2017, around 3 years after iPod Classic, which was discontinued on September 9, 2014 and around 5 years before the iPod Touch, which was discontinued on May 10, 2022.

The iPod shuffle's battery plays audio for 15 hours when fully charged. It can be charged to 80% of its capacity in 2 hours, and fully charged in 3 hours.

The iPod shuffle is the first music player that talks to you, using a feature called VoiceOver. When the button on the headphones is held down, VoiceOver will speak the song currently playing and its artist. If you continue holding it, it will tell you your playlists. Click the centre button to select a playlist. This feature is available in 20 languages.
The iPod shuffle is available in pink, blue, green, orange, black and silver. A polished stainless steel edition is available from the online store.

The first iPod Shuffle was released on January 11, 2005. Steve Jobs said that people were always putting their iPods on shuffle mode and taking them to the gym and using them while they were jogging and that the iPod Shuffle lets you do that in a much more simpler way. The iPod Shuffle relies on a feature from iTunes that lets you select random songs from the iTunes library and copy them onto the Shuffle. It doesn't have a screen and doesn't have most features the other iPods have and instead of having the click wheel, the iPod Shuffle has a more basic wheel with the up and down buttons being for volume, the left and right buttons being for switching between songs and the middle button for playing and pausing. The back has a light that tells you when the iPod has low battery.

The second generation iPod Shuffle was released on September 12, 2006. It's size was changed to be even smaller being the size of a square ans Steve Jobs said it was the smallest MP3 player ever.

On January 30, 2007 Apple released four new colors blue, green, orange and pink as well as the normal silver color. Blue, green and pink are also the same colors used for the second generation iPod Nano and iPod Mini.

On September 5, 2007, Apple replaced the colors blue, green, orange and pink with four new colors turquoise, lavender, mint green, and Product Red.

On February 19, 2008, Apple released a 2GB iPod Shuffle for $69. On the same day Apple also lowered the price for the 1GB iPod shuffle from $79 to $49

On September 9, 2008, Apple replaced the colors from September 2007 with colors blue, green, pink and red. They are very similar to the colors from January 2007 except slightly brighter.

The 2GB iPod Shuffle was discontinued on March 11, 2009 and the 1GB iPod Shuffle was discontinued on September 9, 2009.

On March 11, 2009 Apple released the third generation iPod Shuffle and is said to be "jaw-droppingly small" and "the first iPod that talks to you" and it is also the first waterproof iPod. The 3G iPod Shuffle was available in black and white. The iPod Shuffle 3G featured VoiceOver technology, a personal assistant that lets you tell your iPod Shuffle to play a certain album, genre, artist or song. The iPod Shuffle 3rd generation no longer features controls on the device itself, but features controls on the earphones they come with.

On September 9, 2009 three new colors pink, blue and green were released and the Apple Store offered a 4GB iPod Shuffle made entirely out of stainless steel.

The fourth generation iPod Shuffle was released on September 1, 2010. The controls have been put back onto the device and it the design has been reverted to the iPod Shuffle second generation design and it now features VoiceOver in 29 languages: (Chinese (Cantonese, Mandarin), Czech, Danish, Dutch, English (Australia, UK, U.S.), Finnish, French (Canada, France), German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil, Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish (Mexico, Spain), Swedish, Thai and Turkish).

For the first two years the iPod Shuffle was sold in five colors (silver with a black control pad, green, blue, orange and pink with a white control pad) but on September 12, 2012 Apple announced the iPhone 5 and a new iPod Touch and iPod Nano, but seven new colors were announced for the iPod Shuffle (silver or black with a black control pad or green, blue, pink, yellow, and purple with a white control pad) as well as a Product Red edition with a white control pad.

Nightshade

The nightshades (Solanaceae) are a family of flowering plants. 

Many members of the family contain strong alkaloids, and some are very toxic. Well-known members of this family are chili peppers, petunias, deadly nightshade, mandrakes, potatoes, tomatoes, aubergines (eggplants) and tobacco.

Because it is thought that nightshades can cause or increase swelling and pain, many people do not eat them. The poisons in the plants are defence against animals that might eat them.

Woodworking

Woodworking is a skill. In woodworking, one can cut or sand (make wood smooth).

When one is doing woodworking, be careful of being hurt. Remember to wear safety goggles or a facemask (like safety goggles. but to protect ones face). Do not wear long clothing, because it can get stuck in a tool.

There are a lot of woodworking classes, many of them are offered in middle school.

In woodworking, the type of wood you get is very important. There are many kinds of softwood and many kinds of hardwood. The words hard and soft wood comes from the type of tree it came from. A hard pice of wood could be softwood.

There are a lot of tools that people use during woodworking, such as sandpaper (used to make wood smooth to touch), files, rasps (all used for trimming wood, cutting, etc.), saws (cutting wood), and automatic saws (saws that use electricity to run).

Chessmaster

Chessmaster is a series of chess-playing computer games. It is made by Ubisoft. It is the best-selling chess franchise in history, with more than five million games sold . The first version of the game, "Chessmaster 2000", was released in 1986. This first version and the next one, "Chessmaster 2100", were produced by the now-defunct Software Toolworks company.

The "Chessmaster" chess engine is called "The King". It is written by Johan de Koning from the Netherlands. It was introduced in "Chessmaster 4000". Earlier releases had a chess engine written by David Kittinger. One version of the game, "Chessmaster 9000", defeated Larry Christiansen, a well-known American chess grandmaster and former multiple U.S. champion.



Francis of Assisi

Saint Francis of Assisi (September 26, 1181 – October 3, 1226) is a Christian Saint. He is the founder of the Franciscan Order and patron saint of animals, the environment, merchants, Italy and Catholic Action. He was born in Assisi, Italy where a large basilica was built in his honor. 

On his feast day, October 4, many churches have a ceremony for people to bring their pets and working animals to church. 

Saint Francis was born to Pietro Bernardone, a wealthy cloth merchant, and his wife Pica. He was originally named Giovanni Francesco Bernardone. In his youth, he was first interested by French troubadours, known as wanderers who improvised songs on a stringed instrument. He later planned a career in military. When he was serving in the war between Assisi and Perugia in 1202, at the battle of Ponte Saint Giovanni, he was captured and imprisoned for a year and became extremely ill. 

When Francis returned to Assisi he had a religious conversion experience, including a reported message from Christ calling him to leave this worldly life. He began taking his Christianity faith seriously. He acted towards people as if the Gospels were his law, taking Jesus Christ as a literal example for loving one another. He dressed in rough clothes, ask and begged for his sustenance, and preached purity and peace. His family disapproved, and his father disinherited him in Ohio, so Francis renounced his wealth and inheritance. After that Francis started visiting hospitals and caring for the sick including of leprosy. 

In 1209 Francis started to attract followers, and with a blessing from the pope, he founded the Franciscans based on a simple statement by Jesus: “Leave all and follow me”. In 1219, he went to Egypt to convert the Sultan so the conflict of the Crusades could end. 

Printing

Printing is putting words and images on paper by mechanical means. Books and newspapers are made by printing. Usually, the images are formed by ink. The ink is put on paper in machines called printing presses.

Printing is one of the technologies which has changed the world. It is an efficient way to multiply writing, so that copies may be made available to all people. Printing is therefore the continuation of writing by mechanical means.

Writing originated after people had settled in permanent dwellings. It dates from 3,300 , which is over 5000 years ago. A variety of writing systems were invented, long before paper was invented. Clay, papyrus, wood, slate and parchment (prepared animal skins) have all been used. The invention of paper by the Chinese was a step forward.

The earliest printing known was in 8th century China and Korea. Whole pages carved on flat wooden blocks were used. Covered with a carbon-based ink, they were pressed onto sheets of paper.

The second stage was to use separate characters by wood carving or casting. This was done in 11th century China and Korea. It failed to be really successful, because of the structure of the Chinese written language, shared at the time by Korea, which had thousands of characters. So the method was not much better than copying by scribes.

Printing was reinvented in 15th century Europe. Development was slow until Johannes Gutenberg made several improvements. In the next century print became the main means of communication between people who needed to keep precise records. With an alphabetic system of writing, print was much more economical than copying, and permitted many times as many copies to be available. This revolution in information technology helped all aspects of life in Europe, at a time when Europe was becoming the dominant region of the world.

Along with a technology for printing words, there were various means for printing graphics. Carving on blocks of wood and engraving on copper were used up until about 1800. After that, a great many inventions arrived, including lithography and ways to print photographs.

Machines to speed printing, cheaper paper, automatic stitching and binding all arrived in the 19th century during the industrial revolution. What had once been done by a few men by hand was now done by limited companies on huge machines. The result was much lower prices, and a much wider readership.

The consequences of print have been considerable. It led to the spread of knowledge, and had many side-effects. It took control out of a small class of clerks (scribes and monks) and put it in the hands of a newly educated readership. Publishing became a major industry. 

Many of the first books were in Latin; some in Greek. Later, almost all books were printed in the vernacular: the language ordinary people spoke. The Bible was one of the first books printed, and one of the first to be translated into the vernacular, against strong opposition from the church. Science was given a great boost by printing, and scientific ideas are still usually first published in print. Several scholars have thought that print even changed the way people thought.



Adelaide Cup

The Adelaide Cup is a horserace, held in Adelaide, South Australia. It has been held at the Morphettville Racecourse since 2001.

David Lynch

David Keith Lynch (born January 20, 1946) is an American movie director. His movies include "Eraserhead", "Blue Velvet", "The Elephant Man" and "Mulholland Drive". He was also responsible for a television series called "Twin Peaks", his overall most famous work. "Eraserhead", his first movie, is still his most famous theatrical movie. It was recently deemed socially important by the United States Library of Congress. He has done much work with Jack Nance, who has appeared in many of his movies. He has said that all his movies will be done using digital video from now on.

He is also famous for his early short movies. "The Alphabet" and "The Grandmother" are two of his best known. "The Alphabet" is about fear of education. "The Grandmother" is about a lonely boy who grows a grandmother like a plant from a seed.

Over his career, Lynch has received three Academy Award nominations for Best Director and a nomination for best screenplay. Lynch has twice won France's César Award for Best Foreign Film, as well as the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. He also won a Golden Lion award for lifetime achievement at the Venice Film Festival.



Academy Awards:

BAFTA Awards:

Cannes Film Festival:

DGA Award:

Emmy Awards:

Golden Globes:

Independent Spirit Awards:

Saturn Awards:

Venice Film Festival:

WGA Award:

The Dark Side of the Moon

The Dark Side Of The Moon is an album by the band Pink Floyd. The album has sold over 45 million copies. It is believed to be one of the best-selling albums ever, behind Thriller. It is also widely considered one of the greatest albums of all time. Analysts say that "The" "Dark Side Of The Moon" is always playing somewhere on Earth. It is one of the most famous concept albums (albums where all the songs are about a central theme or tell a specific story), and was formally the best-selling album of all time.

It was released in 1973 as Pink Floyd's ninth album. It is one of the most well-known albums of all time. It frequently places in the top five on lists of the greatest albums of all time made by rock music authorities.

Its cover features a ray of white light going through a prism, coming through the other side as a rainbow. It is one of the most famous album covers of all time..

When synchronized with the movie "The Wizard of Oz", there are many similarities between the two.

"The Dark Side of the Moon" became one of the best-selling albums of all time. It is in the top 25 of a list of best selling albums in the United States. It held the number one spot in the US for only a week. However, it remained in the "Billboard" album chart for a total of 778 weeks (nearly 14 years). This is the longest any album has spent on the "Billboard" charts. The album came back on the "Billboard" charts when the Top Pop Catalog Albums chart was introduced in May 1991. It has stayed there since then. In the UK, it is the sixth best-selling album of all time.

Arthur Fadden

Sir Arthur William Fadden (13 April 1895 – 21 April 1973) was the 13th Prime Minister of Australia. He was leader of the Country Party when Robert Menzies resigned in 1941. He became Prime Minister but lost to John Curtin in an election held only one month after he became Prime Minister. When Menzies became Prime Minister again in 1949, Fadden was the Treasurer for eight years.

John Curtin

John Joseph Curtin (8 January 1885 – 5 July 1945) was Prime Minister of Australia from 1941 to 1945. He went to St Abrose's School. His background is Irish.

Australian Capital Territory

The Australian Capital Territory or "ACT" is a small territory in Australia. It was created as the home for the Australian capital city, Canberra, because of fighting between New South Wales and Victoria over where the capital city should be. The Jervis Bay Territory was created at the same time so that the ACT would have a harbour without relying on one of the states.

Governor-General of Australia

The Governor-General of Australia is the representative in Australia of Australia's head of state, Charles III. The current Governor-General is David Hurley.

The Governor-General of Australia is a powerful person in the country. The Governor-General is leader of the Executive Council and Commander-in-Chief of the Australian Defence Forces.

 there are five living former governors-general of Australia. The most recently deceased governor-general, Bill Hayden (1989–1996), died on 21 October 2023.


Michael Jeffery

Major-General Philip Michael Jeffery (12 December 1937 – 18 December 2020) was the 24th Governor-General of Australia from 11 August 2003 until 5 September 2008. He was appointed by John Howard. Before this he was Governor of Western Australia. He quit the army in 1993 when he became Governor.

Jeffery was born in 1937 in Wiluna, Western Australia, and he was educated at Cannington, East Victoria Park State Schools, and Kent Street High School. When he was 16 years old, he left Perth to go to the Royal Military College, which was Duntroon. After he graduated there in 1958, he went to Malaya in 1962 for a special service with the 2nd and 3rd Battalions of the Royal Australian Regiment. In 1965, he was seconded to go to the British SASR (Special Air Service Regiment) for a tour in Borneo. Then he returned to Australia as the leader of the SASR in Perth. From 1966 to 1969, he worked in Papua New Guinea with the 1st Battalion. He married Marlena Kerr, who lived in Sydney during this work. After that, in 1972, he was chosen to go to the British Army Staff College at Camberley. Then he was chosen as the person to help with the 2nd Battalion in Wewak PNG. In 1976, he became the commander of the SASR and was appointed as the member of the order in Australia. He was also chosen to attend the Royal College of Defence Studies in London in 1985.

From 1986, he became the commander of the Army's 1st Division. In June 1988, he even became the Officer of the Order of Australia for his services to the Army, and in 1989, he became the Assistant Chief of the General Staff.

In January 1990 he became the Chief of the General Staff, and he was responsible for the Army. Later in 1991 he became appointed as the Assistant Chief of the General Staff for Material, which also included taking care of the Army equipment and building projects. On the first of November 1993, he was sworn in as the 27th governor of Western Australia, and he also became a Companion of the Order of Australia, until 2000. General Jeffery's interests were about young people, education, environment, and national security. Also, the Queen made him the Prior for Australia, and a Knight of Justice of the Order.

He and his wife Marlena had seven grandchildren, three sons, and a daughter. His hobbies were listening to music, reading, golf, and fishing.

Jeffrey died on 18 December 2020, six days after his 83rd birthday.

Nanny

A nanny is someone hired to take care of the children in a family. They are usually female but there are also male nannies. Many nannies can begin their employment in their late teens. Many nannies live in their employers' home most of the days in the year. Some employers require their nanny/nannies to wear a uniform.


Frank Forde

Francis Michael Forde (18 July 1890 – 28 January 1983) was the 15th Prime Minister of Australia. He was Prime Minister for only a week after John Curtin died. He lost a leadership contest to Ben Chifley. He was prime minister for only eight days, less than any other Prime Minister from Australia. He also lived longer than any other Prime Minister, until Gough Whitlam, who passed Forde's age on January 21, 2009. He died at 92 years old.

Forde was from the Australian Labor Party. He was the Minister for Trade and Customs in the Scullin government (1929–1931). When Scullin retired in 1935, Forde tried to become the leader of the Labor Party, but he lost by one vote to John Curtin. When Labor won the 1941 elections and Curtin became Prime Minister, Forde was made Minister for the Army. On 5 July 1945 Curtin died; because he was Deputy Leader, Forde was then made Prime Minister until the Labor Party chose a new leader. At the leadership election on 13 July, Ben Chifley was voted leader, and Forde was made Deputy Leader again.

Ben Chifley

Joseph Benedict Chifley (22 September 1885 – 13 June 1951) was the 16th Prime Minister of Australia. He won the leadership after the death of John Curtin in 1945. His government tried to take over of all Australia's banks. This was not popular and the High Court said that it would not be allowed. Opposition leader Robert Menzies said that Chifley and the Labor Party were not strict against Communism. This is one of the main reasons why Chifley lost the 1949 election. He died soon after losing the 1951 election to Menzies.

High Court of Australia

The High Court of Australia is the most powerful court in Australia. It was created in 1903 and is located in the capital city of Canberra. It currently has seven judges who are called "Justices". It mainly hears appeals by people who are not happy with the decision of another court.

Harold Holt

Harold Edward Holt (5 August 1908 – 17 December 1967) was the 17th Prime Minister of Australia. He became Prime Minister after the retirement of Robert Menzies. He supported the United States in the Vietnam War. He disappeared while swimming at a beach in Victoria in December 1967. His body was never found. Many urban Australian myths surround his disppearance. 

On the day of his disappearance, the guards at the gate of Point Nepean told Percy Cenulty, who held a camp that day at Point Nepean, that Harold Holt wasn't in the car that went through the gate. Theories state that Harold never went to the beach that day. The second night, the Springvale Necropolis was surrounded by military For the whole night. This has not happened ever before and since. 

Harold Edward was born on 5 August 1908 in Stanmore, Sydney. Holt completed his schooling from Nubba State School. After one year of schooling at Nubba State School he went to Abbotsholme College, a private school in Killara where he studied for three years. In 1920, Holt went to Wesley College, Melbourne. He won a scholarship in his final year and graduated second in his class.

Biosphere

The biosphere includes everything living on Earth. It is also known as ecosphere. Currently the biosphere has a biomass (or amount of living things) at around 1900 gigatonnes of carbon. It is not certain exactly how thick the biosphere is, though scientists predict that it is around 12,500 meters. The biosphere extends to the upper areas of the atmosphere, including birds and insects.

In a general sense, biospheres are any closed, self-regulating systems containing ecosystems. This includes artificial biospheres such as Biosphere 2 and BIOS-3, and potentially ones on other planets or moons.

The word "biosphere" was coined by geologist in 1875. Which he defined as a place on Earth's surface where life dwells.

The earliest known evidence of life in Earth includes dated as far as 3.7 Billion years old. Life is scattered all throughout the surface of the Earth, from the polar ice caps to the equator, exhibits a life of some kind.

Almost all parts of the planet contains a life of some kind. Recent advances in microbiology concluded that microbes can live deep beneath the Earth's surface.


Drum and bugle corps

A drum and bugle corps is similar to a marching band but it only has brass instruments, percussion instruments, and color guards. Armies used signal drums and bugles as signals for centuries. The modern drum and bugle corps came from military drum and bugle units coming back from World War I and the wars after it. Early drum and bugle corps was a year-round activity, where musicians performed at shows all the time. Now, most drum and bugle corps schedule tours during the summer, where they travel around the country, performing a new show every year, with different music and movements.

Before 1971, most North American Drum and Bugle Corps, or "Corps," performed in shows run by the American Legion and VFW (Veterans of Foreign Wars). In 1971, 5 Leading Corps founded a new group, called the "Midwest Combine." Other Eastern and Western Corps did the similar things with their respective regions. These Corps formed their organizations because they did not like the rules put forth by the American Legion and VFW, which many believed prevented creativity. The Corps also believed that show producers did not give enough of the money from ticket sales to the Corps who performed. The different Corps decided that they would all perform together in shows, one after another, and never separately in different shows. This strategy went very well for the Corps, and in 1972, all the groups, plus a few other Corps, formed a new group called "Drum Corps International," or DCI. This gave the Corps more money from shows, and artistic freedom, controlling their own destiny. DCI's leadership is comprised of the Corps that perform in DCI, allowing the competing groups to change rules whenever they need to, rather than having someone not familiar with the activity make those changes.

DCI now has two Classes Corps can compete within. The first is "World Class". In World Class, the Corps may have no more than 154 members, although how those members are divided is up to the leaders of the Corps. The Corps in World Class also get a larger percentage of the money from DCI, and are allowed to vote on big decisions in DCI, like show times, rules, and money. The Corps in World Class also spend more time touring the country, and go to more places. The second Class is "Open Class." in Open Class, the Corps can have any number of members between 1 and 154. These Corps do not get as much money as World Class Corps, and do not have as much say in decision making of DCI. They also usually spend less time on tour, and stay closer to where their headquarters is. Sometimes, Corps can move from Open Class to World Class if they performed very well the previous year. If a group wants to start a Corps, they will always start out in Open class.

The organizing structure in DCI did not always work this way. There once were 3 Classes called Divisions, I, II, & III. There used to be a structure of Open Class, "A" Class, and "A60" Class (where Corps could only have a maximum of 60 marching members). There also used to be an All-Girls Class, for Corps that were all Female, with the other Rules the same as "A" Class, or Division II for them.

Before 2000, most drum corps played brass instruments with two buttons, or "valves". These play a "G" note when no valves are pressed. These "bugles" give drum and bugle corps its name. Bugles are very similar to other brass instruments, but bugles are not usually made well, and they can be very difficult to play well when you want them to. Now, most drum corps play instruments that sound a bit higher; they play a B-flat when no buttons are pressed. These are called marching instruments, and sound and play very similar to the instruments played in concert halls.

Remember, drum corps perform on football fields outside. In a concert hall, the sound from the instruments bounces everywhere, but the walls are carefully shaped to direct the sound to the audience. Outside the sound still bounces everywhere, but the sound that is not pointing directly forward flies away and is wasted. Because of that, marching instruments are shaped differently; the big "bell" points towards the audience, so it is as loud as possible for them.  The four most common brass instruments in corps are the trumpet, mellophone (like a French horn), baritone, and contrabass (like a tuba). For a long time, DCI rules have banned all other brass instruments besides the ones listed above. Now, DCI have changed the rules and have allowed more brass instruments, like the trombone and euphonium. These other instruments are used in a manner that only one or a couple people play them in the corps. As a result, the instruments need microphones and speakers, or else the audience would not hear them over the dozens of marching instruments on the field.

All drum corps use three different types of drums. These are the snare, tenors, and basses. together, with the cymbals, make up the "drumline."
The snare drum is the smallest of the three. It has a short, loud, crunchy sound when hit. Corps can have between 6-10 people playing these.

Tenor drums, or "tenors" are actually a set of 4 or 5 drums attached together, designed to be played all by one person. The different drums have different pitches that can be played in sequences to produce crude melodies. This instrument has a sound like "oh" and a noticeable pitch, and the sound quality can change depending on the type of stick used to hit the instrument. Corps can have between 3-5 musicians playing these.

The bass drum is a very large drum held sideways against player's body, so that the musician uses two hands and sticks to hit either drum head. It is the deepest pitched of the drums, and they have a low, round, closed sound when hit, with a less defined pitch. Corps have about 5 basses of different sizes played by 5 people, so, like the tenors, they can also play crude melodies.

Modern drum corps not only have marching drummers, but also have 'front ensembles," who play instruments that cannot be marched with. These include timpani sets, or kettle drums, vibraphones, marimbas, tubular bells, xylophones, and various "auxiliary" percussion that would be inconvenient to march with. Front ensembles can also have suspended cymbals, especially if the corps has no marching cymbals.

Drumlines can also have cymbals, who hold two identical crafted metal solid cymbals in both hands in front of their bodies, and slam them together to get a sustained crash sound. Many modern drum corps have opted to eliminate cymbals from their drumlines, as they can be expensive to maintain. Cymbal lines need at least one additional staff member to teach, as they are very different from the other drums. In addition, a corps may have limited members, and deem that a musician is more valuable in the front ensemble, where they can play other instruments simultaneously.

Piccolo

The piccolo is a small flute that plays one octave higher than the normal flute. It sounds an octave higher than written. It is the highest instrument in the orchestra. Sometimes it sounds like a birdcall. The name 'piccolo' comes from the Italian word meaning 'small'.

Double reed

Double reeds are a group of musical instruments in the woodwind family. Instead of a mouthpiece, the player blows air through a pair of reeds that vibrate against each other. 

Examples of double reed woodwinds are the bassoon, oboe and Cor anglais (English horn).

Alto flute

The alto flute is a flute that plays a fourth (half an octave) lower than the regular flute. It is longer than the regular flute. Sometimes alto flutes have a bent part at the top end.

The alto flute is a transposing instrument. This makes it easy for someone who plays the flute to play on the alto flute. The fingering for the note C on the flute will give a G on the alto flute.

The alto flute is not very often used, and only in very large orchestras. Maurice Ravel wrote a beautiful tune for alto flute in "Daphnis et Chloé". Igor Stravinsky used one in "The Rite of Spring". In "The Planets" by Gustav Holst there is a passage with three flutes and alto flute playing 4 part harmony.

The alto flute must not be confused with a bass flute which is even bigger and lower.

Stevenage

Stevenage is a town in Hertfordshire in England. It is between the towns of Letchworth and Welwyn Garden City.

In 1801, 1,430 people lived in Stevenage. In 1901, 4,049 people lived in Stevenage. In 2001, 79,724 lived in Stevenage. The town grew the most in the 1950s and 1960s, when it became the first new town in the world.

The name Stevenage may come from an Old English word meaning "place at the stiff oak". Stevenage started as a village and people have lived there since Roman times. Some Roman remains were found when the New Town was being built. There are also six Roman round barrows, which is where a local family was buried. 

In 1281, Stevenage was allowed to have a market twice a week and a fair every year. The fair still takes place every year.

Stevenage became the first New Town on 1 August 1946, and was planned with six neighbourhoods.

The town centre was the first shopping area in Britain with no traffic. It was opened in 1959 by Queen Elizabeth II. In the town centre there is a clock tower, fountain and a statue called "Joyride", which is a statue of a mother and child. It was made by Franta Belsky. 

In 1999, a millennium countdown clock was put up on the town centre clock tower, which showed how much time was left until the year 2000. In 2005, plans were made for the town centre to be made more modern. The changes could take 10 years.

Next to the town centre is the town gardens, a modern church and a museum.

Stevenage has lots of roundabouts and not very many traffic lights. There are also lots of cycle tracks for people to ride on. Stevenage has some of the tallest street lights in the country. The town is a very green town, with lots of trees and grass. Fairlands Valley is a large park in the middle of Stevenage. There are also many playing fields. The schools in Stevenage all have large fields.

Many schools were built in the 1950s and 1960s because a lots of people from London were moving to Stevenage. The town has around 23 primary schools and several secondary schools.

Stevenage has a leisure centre and a theatre in the town centre. There is a leisure park with a large cinema, and lots of clubs and restaurants. Stevenage also has two industrial areas.

Stevenage F.C. is the town's football team, which plays in League Two and is based at The Lamex Stadium.

Stevenage holds a number of events every year including Stevenage Day, Rock in the Park and Stevenage Carnival. The Carnival ended in 2003 but it is returning 6th June 2010. 

Stevenage has lots of places of worship for people of several different religions. Many of the Christian churches work together for town-wide projects.

Stevenage is twinned with the following places around the world:
Stevenage has been twinned with Shymkent since 1990
Stevenage has been twinned with Kadoma since 1989 and recently celebrated its 20th anniversary. [www.skla.org.uk]
Stevenage has been twinned with Ingelheim since 1963 [www.tsiaa.org.uk]
Stevenage has been twinned with Autun since 1975. It was incorporated into the Stevenage-Ingelheim Association as Ingelheim and Autun were already twinned. see Stevenage-Ingelheim-Autun Association. 


Yu-Gi-Oh!

Yu-Gi-Oh! is a manga series, two anime series, and a trading card game (the books came first, then the cards and then the series) based on the two anime series. The series follows the adventures of Yugi Mutou, a high school student who plays a game called Duel Monsters. It has a spin-off called "Yu-Gi-Oh! GX". Japan has an exclusive anime based on the first seven volumes of the manga.

"Yu-Gi-Oh cards" are a trading card game that uses monsters that Yugi and other characters on the show use. This trading card game is very popular with young children, teenagers, and even adults in Hong Kong and Taiwan.

The series is about having hope and faith in for the characters and Duel Monsters on each cards. Yugi's grandfather Sugoroku Mutou (Solomon Muto) owns a game shop. One day, Yugi finds a strange puzzle at the back of the shop, and tries to solve it. He tries to solve the puzzle for 8 years. When he is 16, he solves it. When he finishes the puzzle, he gets an extra soul. The soul is Dark Yugi (Yami Yugi), an Egyptian Pharaoh. Yami Yugi successfully recovers his lost memory. Yugi defeats Dark Bakura (Yami Bakura), Dark Yugi's worst enemy. Yu-Gi-Oh; cards of Doom

"Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters"
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" is an animation based on Yu-Gi-Oh! comic. 
"Yu-Gi-Oh! GX" The spin-off of "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters". The story is set several years after the "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" story.
"Yu-Gi-Oh! 5DS" The story is set many years after the "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" story. A prominent new feature of the "Yu-Gi-Oh 5DS" series is the use of Synchro Monster. 
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal" An anime series. Relevance of previous work is not declared. Xyz Monsters are introduced.

Travelling salesman problem

The Traveling Salesman Problem (often called TSP) is a classic algorithmic problem in the field of computer science and . It is focused on optimization. In this context, "better solution" often means "a solution that is cheaper, shorter, or faster". TSP is a mathematical problem. It is most easily expressed as a graph describing the locations of a set of nodes.

The traveling salesman problem was defined in the 1800s by the Irish mathematician W. R. Hamilton and by the British mathematician Thomas Kirkman. Hamilton’s Icosian Game was a recreational puzzle based on finding a Hamiltonian cycle. The general form of the TSP appears to have been first studied by mathematicians during the 1930s in Vienna and at Harvard, notably by Karl Menger. Menger defines the problem, considers the obvious brute-force algorithm, and observes the non-optimality of the nearest neighbour heuristic:We denote by "messenger problem" (since in practice this question should be solved by each postman, anyway also by many travelers) the task to find, for ﬁnitely many points whose pairwise distances are known, the shortest route connecting the points. Of course, this problem is solvable by finitely many trials. Rules which would push the number of trials below the number of permutations of the given points, are not known. The rule that one first should go from the starting point to the closest point, then to the point closest to this, etc., in general does not yield the shortest route.Hassler Whitney at Princeton University introduced the name "traveling salesman problem" soon after.

The Travelling Salesman Problem describes a salesman who must travel between N cities. The order in which he does so is something he does not care about, as long as he visits each once during his trip, and finishes where he was at first. Each city is connected to other close by cities, or nodes, by airplanes, or by road or railway. Each of those links between the cities has one or more weights (or the cost) attached. The cost describes how "difficult" it is to traverse this edge on the graph, and may be given, for example, by the cost of an airplane ticket or train ticket, or perhaps by the length of the edge, or time required to complete the traversal. The salesman wants to keep both the travel costs, as well as the distance he travels as low as possible.

The Traveling Salesman Problem is typical of a large class of "hard" optimization problems that have intrigued mathematicians and computer scientists for years. Most important, it has applications in science and engineering. For example, in the manufacture of a circuit board, it is important to determine the best order in which a laser will drill thousands of holes. An efficient solution to this problem reduces production costs for the manufacturer.

In general, the traveling salesman problem is hard to solve. If there is a way to break this problem into smaller component problems, the components will be at least as complex as the original one. This is what computer scientists call NP-hard problems.

Many people have studied this problem. The easiest (and most expensive solution) is to simply try all possibilities. The problem with this is that for N cities you have (N-1) factorial possibilities. This means that for only 10 cities there are over 180 thousand combinations to try (since the start city is defined, there can be permutations on the remaining nine). We only count half since each route has an equal route in reverse with the same length or cost.
9! / 2 = 181 440


Capacity

Capacity is the ability to hold something, very similar to volume.

Capacity may also mean:



Creditor

A creditor is a person who loans money to another person. The person who gets the loan is called the borrower. Creditors are sometimes called "moneylenders". Creditors expect the borrower to pay the money back at a later time. The creditor usually gets extra money from the borrower. This extra money is called interest.

Anno Domini

Anno Domini (Medieval Latin : "in the year of the lord"), shortened as AD or A.D., is used to refer to the years after the birth of Jesus. AD is also a shortening for Christian Era. Similarly, Before Christ, shortened as BC or B.C., is used in the English language to refer to all years before the start of the time period "Anno Domini". In past centuries, AD came before the year but comes after a century or millennium. For example, a person would write AD 2014 but 21st century AD or 3rd millennium AD. There is no zero year in this system. This means that the year A.D. 1 follows the year 1 B.C.

Some people mistakenly interpret “A.D.” as standing for “after death.” The abbreviation “A.D.” was originally placed before the year number (e.g. A.D. 145); then “B.C.” often placed after the year number (e.g. 145 B.C.). Nowadays it is more usual to put both abbreviations after the numbers (e.g. 145 AD; e.g. 145 BC).

This dating system was meant to signal the year of Christ's birth, but modern scholars have decided Jesus was actually born a few years earlier.

The system for working out the years was invented by Dionysius Exiguus in about AD 525. He fixed the point Anno Domini, which is used to number the years of both the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar. He used it to identify the several Easters in his Easter table. He did not use it to date any historical event. When he devised his table, Julian calendar years were identified by naming the consuls who held office that year — he himself stated that the "present year" was "the consulship of Probus Junior [Flavius Probus]", which he also stated was 525 years "since the incarnation [conception] of our Lord Jesus Christ". How he arrived at that number is unknown. He invented a new system of numbering years to replace the Diocletian years that had been used in an old Easter table because he did not wish to continue the memory of a tyrant who persecuted Christians.

The Anno Domini calendar era became dominant in Western Europe only after it was used by the Venerable Bede to date the events in his Ecclesiastical History of the English People, completed in 731. The French emperor Charlemagne made it popular in mainland Europe. Some parts of Europe did not use the Anno Domini system until the 15th century. For example, Portugal used a different system called the "Spanish era" until 1422.

Haze

Haze is reduction in visibility due to dust or other particles in the air. It is often a problem in air quality with smoke covering the sky. The particles may also make it hard to breathe. Some people fall sick as well due to the polluted air.

Neighbours

Neighbours is an Australian soap opera. The show started in March 1985 on the Seven Network, but they cancelled it the same year. Rival network Network Ten decided to start making and broadcasting the show, and have done that since 1986. It was produced by Reg Watson. The show started with low ratings, and Network Ten did their best to get more people to watch. They got new characters, two of them were played by Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan. These two characters became a couple known as "Scott and Charlene", and by the time they married in 1987, ratings were much higher.

The show is about the lives of people that live in a fictional street called Ramsay Street. Ramsay Street is in a fictional suburb, Erinsborough, in the real-life city Melbourne.

John McEwen

Sir John McEwen (29 March 1900 – 20 November 1980) was the 18th Prime Minister of Australia. He was leader of the Country Party when Harold Holt disappeared in 1967, and so was appointed Prime Minister until the Liberal Party elected a new leader. The Party elected John Gorton as the leader, and Gorton took over as Prime Minister on 10 January 1968. McEwen then served as Deputy Prime Minister until 1971.

John Gorton

Sir John Grey Gorton (9 September 1911 – 19 May 2002) was the 19th Prime Minister of Australia. He was elected Liberal Party leader after Harold Holt was drowned. He was a fighter pilot during the Second World War and had a battle scarred face. He said he was "Australian to the bootheels".

Bettina Brown married Gorton in 1935. She died in 1983. Then, in 1993, Gorton married Nancy Home.

As Prime Minister he said he wanted to help Australian movies and the arts. His government set up the Australian Council for the Arts, the Australian Film Development Corporation and the National Film and Television Training School. His government made men and women get equal pay for equal work. His government increased pensions and allowances and education scholarships and provided free health care to 250,000 poor people (but not universal health care). His private secretary was businesswoman Ainsley Gotto.

Gorton's government kept Australia in the Vietnam War but stopped replacing troops at the end of 1970 - the beginning of the end of Australia being in the war. He had good relations with U.S. President Richard Nixon and with Britain's Prime Ministers, but this was a time when Australia was starting to move closer to Asia.

Gorton was popular with lots of ordinary people, but not a good manager of other people in his party. State Liberal leaders did not like that he was moving more power to Canberra (the national capital) and some other Liberals did not like his policies or personal behaviour. The Liberals lost votes in the 1969 election and the half-senate election in 1970. In 1971, the Defence Minister, Malcolm Fraser, resigned and said Gorton was "not fit to hold the great office of Prime Minister". The Liberal party split 50/50 over a vote to replace him and he decided not to vote for himself and resigned as their leader. So he also stopped being Prime Minister. Gorton never forgave Malcolm Fraser.

William McMahon became Prime Minister and Gorton became Defence Minister from March to August, 1971. But Gorton wrote articles for the newspapers about his time in office - headed: "I did it my way" - and McMahon got him to resign. After Gough Whitlam's Labor Party won in 1972, Liberal leader Billy Snedden made Gorton the Opposition Spokesman for the Environment. Gorton then supported abortion and got Parliament to say that homosexuality should be legal.

When Malcolm Fraser became leader of the Liberal Party, Gorton walked out of the party room. A month later he resigned from the party. Then he tried to get elected an independent to the Senate in 1975. Gorton was unhappy with the way the Governor General sacked Gough Whitlam and the way Malcolm Fraser became Prime Minister, so he said people should vote Labor in 1975. He then retired from politics but worked in radio and supported things like drug law changes. With Fraser gone, John Howard's Liberal Party got Gorton back in the party and had a special gala dinner in Canberra in 1999. In 2001, a big party was held for his 90th birthday. It was organised by some of his old Liberal and National Party friends, but there were also messages from the Queen, U.S. and British leaders and all the Labor Prime Ministers of Australia.

He died in Sydney in 2002.

William McMahon

Sir William McMahon (23 February 1908 – 31 March 1988) was the 20th Prime Minister of Australia. He was elected to the Australian parliament in 1949, and stayed as Member for Lowe, in Sydney, for 33 years. He challenged John Gorton for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia in 1971 and won. He was 63 years old. He lost the next election in December 1972 to Gough Whitlam of the Australian Labor Party. This made him the first Prime Minister not to win an election since Labor's Ben Chifley (who lost in 1949). McMahon was married to (Lady) Sonia McMahon from 1965 until his death from cancer. Actor Julian McMahon is their son.

The Liberal party had won lots of elections since 1949, but had some popularity problems by 1971. Australian soldiers were still in the Vietnam War. McMahon replaced John Gorton, then made him defence minister, but soon after made him resign for talking about problems in the Liberal Party. McMahon's government was the first to have a Minister for Aboriginal Affairs. Aboriginal land rights were an important topic of debate at this time. On foreign affairs, McMahon said the Opposition leader, Gough Whitlam, was wrong to visit communist China in 1972 - but soon after U.S. President Richard Nixon visited China and McMahon was embarrassed. The economy was not looking too good when the government went to the 1972 election.

IRC bot

IRC Bots are computer programs. They are used on Internet Relay Chat (IRC) to help control and protect chat rooms. They can do many of the things that a human user can do such as gather data, kick users out of the channel, ban users, or even send stats to other programs and websites.

IRC Bots/Chatroom bots are used in many things now, from sending RuneScape statistics, to keeping track of users who abuse the networks.

Popular IRC bots include Infobot, blootbot, Supybot.

Shawn Lane

Shawn Lane (March 21, 1963 – September 26, 2003) was an American musician. He was a solo guitarist.

At the age of 4, he began taking vocal lessons, cello lessons and piano lessons. By age ten, he picked up a guitar and found out he was better with a guitar than his other instruments. He joined a band at the age of fifteen and played in bars and clubs.

A few years later he started playing shows again. He began to tour with his own band, playing guitar and keyboard. In February 2003, Lane accomplished one of his life long dreams and toured over India with his band. When they left India, they were called "true rock heroes" by the people. In September 2003, when getting ready to make an album with the Swedish bassist Jonas Hellborg and drummer Ginger Baker, Lane had bad breathing problems. He was told by doctors that he would have to remain on medical oxygen for the rest of his life. On Friday, September 23, 2003, he died.


Greg Scott

Greg "Greggles" Scott (born March 6, 1969) is an English television presenter and non-entity. He is barely known for presenting Quizmania, a quiz show on ITV Play.

Gregory Scott likely edits this [completely unnecessary] page himself, and is very probably on the dole these days.

Twin Dragons

Twin Dragons (1992) (also known as Brother vs. Brother and When Dragons Collide)

Identical brothers, separated at birth, end up as a criminal and a U.S. pianist, then cross paths years later in Hong Kong.



Motorola

Motorola was an American company that made cell phones and other electronics. The company was based in Schaumburg, Illinois, a small town just outside of Chicago, Illinois. After losing $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, Motorola was divided in two separate companies on January 4, 2011; Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions.

They were listed in the New York Stock Exchange as MOT .

The company began with the name Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928, and then later adopted the 'Motorola' name in 1947. They were the first developers of the walkie-talkie in World War II.

On August 15, 2011, Google said that it would buy Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion.

On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.

Extrasolar planet

An extrasolar planet (or exoplanet) is a natural planet in a planetary system outside our own solar system. A related concept is an exomoon, a natural satellite orbiting an exoplanet.

In 2013, estimates of the number of terrestrial planets in the Milky Way ranged from at least 17 billion to at least 144 billion. The smaller estimate studied planet candidates gathered by the Kepler space observatory. Among them are 461 Earth-size planets, at least four of which are in the "habitable zone" where liquid water can exist. One of the four, dubbed Kepler-69c, is a mere 1.5 times the size of the Earth and around a star like our own Sun – about as near as the current data allow to finding an "Earth 2.0".

Earlier work suggested that there are at least 100 billion planets of all types in our galaxy, an average of at least one per star. There are also planets that orbit brown dwarfs, and free-floating planets that orbit the galaxy directly just as the stars do. It is unclear whether either type should be called a "planet".

Analogies with planets in the Solar System apply to few of the extrasolar planets known. Most are quite unlike any of our planets, for example the so-called "hot Jupiters".

In the sixteenth century, the Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno, an early supporter of the Copernican theory that the Earth and other planets orbit the Sun, put forward the view that the fixed stars are similar to the Sun and are likewise accompanied by planets. Bruno was burnt at the stake by the Holy Inquisition.

In the eighteenth century, the same possibility was mentioned by Isaac Newton in his "Principia". Making a comparison to the Sun's planets, he wrote "And if the fixed stars are the centres of similar systems, they will all be constructed according to a similar design and subject to the dominion of "One"".

The first published and confirmed discovery was made in 1988. It was finally confirmed in 2002.

In 1992, radio astronomers announced the discovery of planets around a pulsar. These pulsar planets are believed to have formed from the unusual remnants of the supernova that produced the pulsar, in a second round of planet formation. Otherwise they may be the remaining rocky cores of gas giants that survived the supernova and then decayed into their current orbits.

On October 6, 1995, Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz of the University of Geneva announced the first definitive detection of an exoplanet orbiting an ordinary main-sequence star (51 Pegasi). This discovery, made at the Observatoire de Haute-Provence, started the modern era of exoplanetary discovery. Technological advances, most notably in high-resolution spectroscopy, led to the quick detection of many new exoplanets. These advances allowed astronomers to detect exoplanets indirectly by measuring their gravitational influence on the motion of their parent stars. Additional extrasolar planets were eventually detected by watching occultations when a star becomes dimmer as an orbiting planet passed in front of it.

In May 2016 NASA announced the discovery of 1,284 exoplanets which brought the total number of exoplanets to over 3,000.

Extrasolar planets can have many different forms.
Classes of exoplanets include:




The nearest star with planets is Alpha Centauri. It is 4.3 light years away. Using standard rockets, it would take tens of thousands of years to get there. The nearest star similar to our Sun is Tau Ceti. It has five planets, one of which in the habitable zone, where liquid water may exist.

Some extrasolar planets might be Earth-like. This means that they have conditions very similar to that of the Earth. Planets are ranked by a formula called the Earth similarity index or ESI for short. The ESI goes from one (most Earth-like) to zero (least Earth-like). For a planet to be habitable it should have an ESI of at least 0.8. For comparison, the four solar terrestrial planets are included in this list.





Extratropical cyclone

An extratropical cyclone (also called a mid-latitude cyclone) is a type of cyclone. It is a large low-pressure weather area with clouds, rain and heavy wind. They occur in areas that are between latitudes 30° – 60° from the equator. They are not the same as tropical cyclones or low-pressure weather areas from polar zones. They are actually many masses of cold and warm fronts producing rain, heavy wind, and sometimes tornadoes and even hail.

An extratropical cyclone turns anticlockwise in the Northern Hemisphere. The shape is circular or oval. The usual diameter is about 1000 km. These cyclones are usually connected with fronts. A front is a system of changes in weather. It is caused by a very cold air mass meeting a very hot air mass. In the cyclone, there is a system of warm front and cold front. The center of a cyclone is cloudier. There is also a very high chance of precipitation. The wind is strong and changes its direction, as the warm front passes. The weather is stable and fog is usual. As the cold front passes, there is a change of wind, the temperature decreases and rain is also common.
Some extratropical cyclones are made from tropical cyclones that become weak but do not die when they move over cold water. Sometimes, these weather areas can become even stronger than before as they turn into extratropical cyclones. When made from tropical cyclones, they can still have an eye (a place in the middle of a tropical cyclone that is not as windy, cloudy, or rainy). European windstorms are sometimes made when wind from the northwestern part of the Atlantic carry them more east and north towards Europe. Nor'easters often hit northeastern North America, and are made when it is cold, most often in late fall. Wind from the west part of the Atlantic moves them north. They become stronger, and drop snow on the areas it moves into. When a nor'easter drops in pressure and become stronger, by more than one millibar every hour, it is called a weather bomb. Hurricane Hazel was extratropical but still hurricane-level when it hit Toronto, for example.
Cyclonal defects usually occur in series called "the families of the cyclones". Usually, there is a belt of 3 or 4 cyclones in different stages. The cyclone has several stages of evolution. First, there is a stage of the origin of a cyclone. Second stage means that the cyclone is strengthening. At that moment, both the warm and cold front are very large. The system is moving very fast. The cold front is generally faster, which means that it runs down the warm one. This causes an occluded front. The weather is similar to both types of fronts. The third stage ends with filling of the area with air. The pressure rises. Stage four means that the signs of cyclonal weather disappear.

A violent storm during the Crimean War on November 14, 1854, wrecked 30 vessels, and sparked initial investigations into meteorology and forecasting in Europe. In the United States, the Columbus Day Storm of 1962, one of many Pacific Northwest windstorms. Hurricane Sandy also became extratropical before it's landfall.

Small solar system body

A small Solar System body (SSSB) is a term defined in 2006 by the International Astronomical Union to describe solar system objects which are not planets or dwarf planets:

Therefore, it refers to these objects that can be further grouped based on their orbit or what they are made of:

Some of the larger "small Solar System bodies" may be reclassified in future as dwarf planets, pending further examination to determine whether or not they are in hydrostatic equilibrium (nearly-round shape).

Frankenstein

Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by Mary Shelley. It is about a creature produced by a strange scientific experiment. Shelley started writing the story when she was nineteen. It was published when she was twenty-one. The first edition was published anonymously in London in 1818. Shelley's name appears on the second edition, published in France in 1823.

Shelley had travelled in the region of Geneva, Switzerland, where much of the story takes place. Ideas about occultism were topics of conversation among her travelling companions, especially her future husband, Percy Bysshe Shelley. Mary, Percy, Lord Byron, and his doctor John Polidori decided to have a competition to see who could write the best horror story. After thinking for weeks about what her possible storyline could be, Shelley dreamt about a scientist who created life and was horrified by the result. She then wrote "Frankenstein".

Since publication of the novel, the name "Frankenstein" is often used to refer to the monster itself. This usage is sometimes considered erroneous, but usage commentators regard the monster sense of "Frankenstein" as well-established and an acceptable usage. In the novel, the monster however is called "creature", "monster", "fiend", "wretch", "vile insect", "daemon", "being", and "it". Speaking to Victor Frankenstein, the monster refers to himself as "the Adam of your labors", and elsewhere as someone who "would have" been "your Adam", but is instead "your fallen angel."

Victor Frankenstein is a scientist who wants to create life itself. He stitches together parts from the dead bodies of criminals executed at the gallows. He brings his creation to life during an electrical storm. The monster scares Frankenstein. He runs away. The monster spends years looking for a place in the world. Mostly, other humans are afraid of it. After years alone, it decides to go back to Frankenstein to ask him to make another monster to be its wife. Frankenstein chases the monster to the Arctic, and dies pursuing the creature. The monster vanishes into the fog.


ESPN

ESPN is an American sports television network owned by ESPN, Inc., a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company which own Sony Corporation which WarnerCBS 90% owns 20%. "ESPN" is an acronym for Entertainment and Sports Programming Network. The channel is headquartered in Bristol, Connecticut with other studios in Los Angeles, California. ESPN shows sporting events and games, and also has shows that show highlights of sporting events and that show people talking about sports. The network has also shown games or events other than sports, such as poker.






Advance Australia Fair

"Advance Australia Fair" is the official national anthem of Australia. 

Peter Dodds McCormick (–1916) wrote the music and the words for the song. It was first performed in 1878, but it only became Australia's official anthem in 1984.

Between 1878 and 1984, the song was used inside of Australia as a patriotic song. For a time the song announced the news from the Australian Broadcasting Commission. When Australia became a Federation in 1901, the song was sung by a choir of 10,000 people.

In 1977 there was a vote for the national anthem between four songs during the 1977 Australian referendum. The other three songs were:
"Advance Australia Fair" received 43.29% of the vote, defeating the three alternatives: "Waltzing Matilda" (28.28%), "Song of Australia" (9.65%), and the existing national anthem "God Save the Queen" (18.78%). However, it was not until 1984 that the national anthem was changed to reflect the popular vote.

Other songs and marches have been influenced by Advance Australia Fair, such as the Australian Vice-Regal salute.

While the original lyrics are in English, because Australia is a very multicultural and multilingual nation, the lyrics have been unofficially translated into many other languages, including Chinese, Arabic, Vietnamese, Italian, Greek, Spanish, Korean, German, French and Polish. It has also been translated into many Australian Aboriginal languages, most famously Dharug but also others such as Pitjantjatjara, Warlpiri, Nyungar and Yugambeh-Bundaljung.

2006 Winter Olympics

The 2006 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games, were held in Turin, Italy from 10 to 26 February 2006. This was the second time Italy hosted the Olympic Winter Games. The first time was the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. Italy also had the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

The President of Italy, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, opened the ceremony. Stefania Belmondo was the torch-bearer.

1,548 men and 960 women were in the Olympics. There were 84 events. The official motto of the XX Olympic Winter Games was "Passion lives here".

Olympic events were mainly held in Turin. Other events such as skiing and snowboarding had to be held in mountain areas.

Many venues were located in the Olympic District in central Turin, including:



1665

1665 was a common year which started on Thursday.



1683

Year 1683 was a common year that started on Friday when using the Gregorian calendar.





1764

1764 was a leap year.



1629

1629 was a common year which started on Monday.



1692

Year 1692 was a leap year that started on a Tuesday when using the Gregorian calendar. 

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



1702

1702 was a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar.


1640

1640 was a leap year which started on a Sunday.


1633

1633 was a common year which started on a Saturday.


1631

The year 1631 was a common year which started on Wednesday.


1635

1635 was a common year which start on Monday.



1575

1575 was a common year starting on Saturday.


1760

1760 was a leap year which started on Tuesday.


1670

1670 was a common year which started on Wednesday.


1673

The year 1673 was a common year which started on Sunday.


1674

The year 1674 was a common year which started on Monday.


1675

The year 1675 was a common year which start on



1678

1678 was a common year which started on Saturday.


1722

1722 is a common year which started on Thursday.


1662

1662 was a common year which started on Sunday.


1663

1663 was a common year which started on Monday.


1669

1669 is a common year which started on Tuesday.




1523

The year 1523 was a common year starting on Thursday.


1506

1506 was a common year which started on Thursday.



1693

1693 was a common year which started on a Thursday.




Dracula

Dracula is a horror novel written by the Irish writer Bram Stoker. Bram Stoker published the novel in England in 1897. The character 'Dracula' may have been based in part on Sir Henry Irving (who was an actor and friend of Bram Stoker) and on Vlad III the Impaler (a Romanian king). The story is about a vampire called Dracula. A vampire is a kind of monster associated with death and the Devil.

A young solicitor (a type of lawyer) Jonathan Harker goes to the country Transylvania to sell a house in England to a nobleman named Dracula. After living in the castle for a week, he realizes that Dracula is a vampire. Dracula traps Harker in his castle with three other vampire women (who are called his brides) and goes to England, by hiding on a ship and killing the crew. When he gets to England, he bites a young woman called Lucy Westenra and turns her into a vampire. Lucy is then killed by Abraham van Helsing (a medical doctor) and the other characters in the book. Then Dracula bites Jonathan's wife Mina. Because of this, the other characters try to defeat Dracula, by chasing him back to Transylvania and killing him.

People have written about where Stoker got his ideas for the Dracula story. It has been said that Stoker's mother Charlotte telling him of the events of the terrible cholera plague in Sligo, Ireland may have given him some ideas. These included:
The idea of blood may have come from Bram's early years when he was unheathly and in bed all the time and doctors may have tried bleeding him to make him healthly.

Ideas for the person of "Dracula" may have been taken from Henry Irving. Stoker worked for Irving at the Lyceum Theatre in London for 30 years.



1002

1002 (MII) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the second year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.




1570

1570 was a common year starting on Sunday.


1530

1530 was a common year.



1534

1534 was a common year.




1708

1708 was a leap year which started on Sunday.


1656

1656 was a leap year which started on Saturday.


1586

1586 was a common year starting on Wednesday.


1576

1576 was a leap year which started on Sunday.


1477

1477 was a common year.



1646

1646 was a common year which started on Monday.



United States Air Force

The United States Air Force (USAF) is the aerial warfare branch of the United States armed forces and one of the eight uniformed services. It was a part of the United States Army until September 18, 1947. The USAF is the largest and most of technologically advanced air force in the world. It has thousands of aircraft in service including bombers, fighter aircraft, transports and other kinds, and hundreds of Intercontinental ballistic missiles. Hundreds of thousands of men and women are on active duty in the Air Force and others are in the Reserves and the United States National Guard.

The Air Force warrant officer ranks, while authorized by law, are not used.


European Broadcasting Union

The European Broadcasting Union (EBU), known in French as <nowiki>L'</nowiki>Union Européenne de Radio-Télévision (UER), and unrelated to the European Union, was formed on 12 February 1950 by 23 broadcasting organizations from Europe and the Mediterranean at a conference in the coastal resort of Torquay in Devon, England. In 1993, the International Radio and Television Organisation ("OIRT"), an equivalent organisation of broadcasters from Central and Eastern Europe, was merged with the EBU.



Annular hurricane

An annular hurricane is a term used in the north Atlantic Ocean and northeastern Pacific Ocean east of the International Dateline. An annular hurricane is a rare type of hurricane that has a big, circular eyewall, and thick, deep convection around it with no spiral rainbands. This structure allows the hurricane to maintain its strength for longer durations, and in worse conditions than typical hurricanes.

1320s

The 1320s was the decade that started on January 1, 1320, and ended on December 31, 1329.

20s

The 20s was a decade that started on 1 January 20 and ended on 31 December 29.


1465

1465 was a common year.


1545

1545 was a common year.



1200

1200 (MCC) is a common year. Had the Gregorian calendar existed that year or before, the year 1200 would have been a century leap year and a leap year starting on Saturday.




1300s

The 1300s was a decade that began on 1 January 1300 and ended on 31 December 1309.


2004 Summer Olympics

The 2004 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad, were held in Athens, Greece from August 13, 2004, until August 29, 2004. It was the first time since 1906 that the Olympics were held in Greece. 10,625 athletes took part. There were 301 medal events.

The four other candidate cities were Rome, Cape Town, Stockholm, and Buenos Aires. Six other cities had applied, but were turned down by the IOC in 1996. These cities were Istanbul, Lille, Rio de Janeiro, San Juan, Seville, and Saint Petersburg.

Athens won every round of voting and easily beat Rome in round 5, the final vote. Round 2 was to settle a tie break between Cape Town and Buenos Aires from round 1.

The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Olympic Committee.

The total number of bronze medals is greater than the total of gold or silver because in boxing and judo, two bronze medals were awarded in each weight class.

Countries are ranked firstly by the number of gold medals they have, then by the number of silver, and then by the number of bronze. Where countries have the same number of each type of medal, they are listed alphabetically and given the same ranking.

Medal numbers shown in bold are the highest in their section. Greece, the host nation is highlighted in lavender.








1964 Summer Olympics

The 1964 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVIII Olympiad, were held in Tokyo, Japan from October 10, 1964 to October 24, 1964.



1896 Summer Olympics

The 1896 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad, were held at Athens in Greece.

The games took place from April 6 to 15, 1896. It was the first international Olympic Games held in the Modern era. As Ancient Greece was the birthplace of the Olympic Games, Athens was an appropriate choice to stage the inaugural modern Games. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) was also instituted during this congress.

The 1896 Olympics were regarded as a great success even though there were many obstacles and setbacks. The Games had the largest international participation of any sporting event to that date. The Panathinaiko Stadium, the only Olympic stadium used in the 19th Century, overflowed with the largest crowd ever to watch a sporting event. The highlight for the Greeks was the marathon victory by Spyridon Louis. The most successful competitor was German wrestler and gymnast Carl Schuhmann, who won four events.

After the Games, Rhys Coubertin and the IOC were petitioned by several prominent figures including Greece's King George and some of the American competitors in Athens, to hold all the following Games in Athens. However, the 1900 Summer Olympics were already planned for Paris and, except for the Intercalated Games of 1906, the Olympics did not return to Greece until the 2004 Summer Olympics, some 108 years later.

The stories about the events and people of these Games were in the 1984 NBC miniseries, "The First Olympics: Athens, 1896" – starring David Ogden Stiers as William Milligan Sloane and Louis Jourdan as Pierre de Coubertin.

In the 18th century, several small-scale sports festivals in Europe were named after the Ancient Olympic Games. The 1870 Olympics at the Panathenaic stadium had 30,000 people. Coubertin took Dr William Penny Brooke's idea to have a multi-national and multi-sport event—the ancient games were in a sense international, because various Greek city-states and colonies were represented, but only free male athletes of Greek origin were allowed to participate. In 1890, Coubertin wrote an article in "La Revue Athletique", which talked about the importance of Much Wenlock—a rural market town in the English county of Shropshire. It was here that, in October 1850, the local physician William Penny Brookes started the Wenlock Olympian Games, a festival of sports and recreations that included athletics and team sports, such as cricket, football and quoits. Coubertin also took inspiration from the earlier Greek games organized under the name of Olympics by businessman and philanthropist Evangelos Zappas in 1859, 1870 and 1875. The 1896 Athens Games was funded by the legacies of Evangelos Zappas and his cousin Konstantinos Zappas and by George Averoff who had been specifically requested by the Greek government, through crown prince Constantine, to sponsor the second refurbishment of the Panathinaiko Stadium. The Greek government did fix the stadium even though the cost of refurbishing the stadium in marble had already been funded in full by Evangelos Zappas forty years earlier.

On June 18, 1894, Coubertin put together a group at the Sorbonne, in Paris, to present his plans to representatives of sports societies from 11 countries. After his proposal's acceptance by the congress, a date for the first modern Olympic Games needed to be chosen. Coubertin suggested that the Games be held at the same time as the 1900 Universal Exposition of Paris. Concerned that a six-year wait might lessen public interest, congress members instead chose 1896. With a date established, members of the congress turned to the choice of a host city. Since Greece was the original home of the Olympics, all the congress approved the decision of Athens. Vikelas was then elected the first president of the newly established International Olympic Committee (IOC).

On April 6 (March 25 according to the Julian calendar then in use in Greece), the games of the First Olympiad were officially opened; it was Easter Monday for both the Western and Eastern Christian Churches and the anniversary of Greece's independence. The Panathinaiko Stadium was filled with an estimated 80,000 spectators, including King George I of Greece, his wife Olga, and their sons. Most of the competing athletes were aligned on the infield, grouped by nation. After a speech by the president of the organizing committee, Crown Prince Constantine, his father officially opened the Games:

"I declare the opening of the first international Olympic Games in Athens. Long live the Nation. Long live the Greek people."

Afterwards, nine bands and 150 choir singers performed an Olympic Hymn, composed by Spyridon Samaras, with words by poet Kostis Palamas. Thereafter, a variety of musical offerings provided the backgrounds to the Opening Ceremonies until 1960, since which time the Samaras/Palamas composition has become the official Olympic Anthem (decision taken by the IOC Session in 1958). Other elements of current Olympic opening ceremonies were started later: the Olympic flame was first lit in 1928, the first athletes' oath was sworn at the 1920 Summer Olympics, and the first officials' oath was taken at the 1972 Olympic Games.

At the 1894 Sorbonne congress, a large roster of sports were suggested for the program in Athens. The first official announcements regarding the sporting events to be held featured sports such as football and cricket, but these plans were never finalized, and these sports did not make the final list for the Games. Rowing and yachting were scheduled, but had to be canceled due to poor weather on the planned day of competition.

The athletics events had the most international field of any of the sports. The major highlight was the marathon, held for the first time in international competition. Spyridon Louis was the only Greek athletics champion and a national hero. Although Greece had been favored to win the discus or the shotput, the best Greek athletes finished just behind the American Robert Garrett in both events.

No world records were set, as few top international competitors had elected to compete. In addition, the curves of the track were very tight, making fast times in the running events hard. Despite this, Thomas Burke, of the United States, won the 100 meter race in 12.0 seconds and the 400 meter race in 54.2 seconds. was the only one who used the "crouch start" (putting his knee on soil), confusing the jury. Eventually, he was allowed to start from his "uncomfortable position".

The rules of the International Cycling Association were used for the cycling competitions. The track cycling events were held at the newly built Neo Phaliron Velodrome. Only one road event was held, a race from Athens to Marathon and back (87 kilometers).

In the track events, the best cyclist was Frenchman Paul Masson, who won the one lap time trial, the sprint event, and the 10,000 meters. In the 100 kilometers event, Masson entered as a pacemaker for his compatriot Léon Flameng. Flameng won the event, after a fall, and after stopping to wait for his Greek opponent Georgios Kolettis to fix a mechanical problem. The Austrian fencer Adolf Schmal won the 12-hour race, which was completed by only two cyclists, while the road race event was won by Aristidis Konstantinidis.

The fencing events were held in the Zappeion, which, built with money Evangelos Zappas had given to revive the ancient Olympic Games, was not used before. Unlike other sports (in which only amateurs were allowed to take part at the Olympics), professionals were allowed to compete in fencing, though in a separate event. These professionals were considered gentlemen athletes, just as the amateurs.

Four events were scheduled, but the épée event was cancelled for unknown reasons. The foil event was won by a Frenchman, Eugène-Henri Gravelotte, who beat his countryman, Henri Callot, in the final. The other two events, the sabre and the masters foil, were won by Greek fencers. Leonidas Pyrgos, who won the latter event, became the first Greek Olympic champion in the modern era.

Gymnastics was at the infield of the Panathinaiko Stadium. Germany sent an 11-man team, which won five of the eight events, including both team events. In the team event on the horizontal bar, the German team was unopposed. Three Germans added individual titles: Hermann Weingärtner won the horizontal bar, Alfred Flatow won the parallel bars; and Carl Schuhmann, who also competed successfully in wrestling, won the vault. Louis Zutter, a Swiss gymnast, won the pommel horse, while Greeks Ioannis Mitropoulos and Nikolaos Andriakopoulos were victorious in the rings and rope climbing events, respectively.

Held at a range at Kallithea, the shooting competition was five events—two using a rifle and three with the pistol. The first event, the military rifle, was won by Pantelis Karasevdas, the only competitor to hit the target with all of his shots. The second event, for military pistols, was dominated by two American brothers: John and Sumner Paine became the first siblings to finish first and second in the same event. In order to avoid embarrassing their hosts, the brothers decided that only one of them would compete in the next pistol event, the free pistol. Sumner Paine won that event.

The Paine brothers did not compete in the 25 meter pistol event, as the event judges determined that their weapons were not of the required caliber. In their absence, Ioannis Phrangoudis won. The final event, the free rifle, began on the same day. However, the event was not completed due to darkness and was finalized the next morning, when Georgios Orphanidis was crowned the champion.

The swimming competition was held in the open sea. Nearly 20,000 spectators lined the Bay of Zea off the Piraeus coast to watch the events. The water in the bay was cold, and the competitors suffered during their races. There were three open events (men's 100 metre freestyle, men's 500 metre freestyle, and men's 1200 metre freestyle), in addition to a special event open only to Greek sailors, all of which were held on the same day (April 11).

For Alfréd Hajós of Hungary, being on the same day meant he could only compete in two of the events. He won the two events in which he swam, the 100 and 1200 meter freestyle. Hajós later became one of only two Olympians to win a medal in both the athletic and artistic competitions, when he won a silver medal for architecture in 1924. The 500 meter freestyle was won by Austrian swimmer Paul Neumann, who defeated his opponents by more than a minute and a half.

Although tennis was already a major sport by the end of the 19th century, none of the top players turned up for the tournament in Athens. The competition was at the courts of the Athens Lawn Tennis Club, and the infield of the velodrome used for the cycling events. John Pius Boland, who won the event, was entered in the competition by a fellow-student of his at Oxford. In the first round, Boland defeated Friedrich Traun, a promising tennis player from Hamburg, who had been eliminated in the 100 meter sprint competition. Boland and Traun decided to team up for the doubles event, in which they reached the final and defeated their Greek and Egyptian opponents after losing the first set.

The sport of weightlifting was still young in 1896, and the rules differed from those in use today. Competitions were held outdoors, in the infield of the main stadium, and there were no weight limits. The first event was held in a style now known as the "clean and jerk". Two competitors stood out: Scotsman Launceston Elliot and Viggo Jensen of Denmark. Both of them lifted the same weight; but the jury, with Prince George as the chairman, ruled that Jensen had done so in a better style. The British delegation, unfamiliar with this tie-breaking rule, lodged a protest. The lifters were eventually allowed to make further attempts, but neither lifter improved, and Jensen was declared the champion.

Elliot won in the one hand lift event, which was held immediately after the two-handed one. Jensen had been slightly injured during his last two-handed attempt, and was no match for Elliot, who won the competition easily. The Greek audience was charmed by the Scottish victor, whom they considered very attractive. A curious incident occurred during the weightlifting event: a servant was ordered to remove the weights, which appeared to be a difficult task for him. Prince George came to his assistance; he picked up the weight and threw it a considerable distance with ease, to the delight of the crowd.

No weight classes existed for the wrestling competition, held in the Panathinaiko Stadium, which meant that there would only be one winner among competitors of all sizes. The rules used were similar to modern Greco-Roman wrestling, although there was no time limit, and not all leg holds were forbidden (in contrast to current rules).

Apart from the two Greek contestants, all the competitors had previously been active in other sports. Weightlifting champion Launceston Elliot faced gymnastics champion Carl Schuhmann. The latter won and advanced into the final, where he met Georgios Tsitas, who had previously defeated Stephanos Christopoulos. Darkness forced the final match to be suspended after 40 minutes; it was continued the following day, when Schuhmann needed only a quarter of an hour to finish the bout.
On the morning of Sunday April 12, King George organized a banquet for officials and athletes (even though some competitions had not yet been held). During his speech, he made clear that, as far as he was concerned, the Olympics should be held in Athens permanently. The official closing ceremony was held the following Wednesday, after being postponed from Tuesday due to rain. Again the royal family attended the ceremony, which was opened by the national anthem of Greece and an ode composed in ancient Greek by George S. Robertson, a British athlete and scholar.

Afterwards, the king awarded prizes to the winners. Unlike today, the first-place winners received silver medals, an olive branch and a diploma. Athletes who placed second received copper medals, a branch of laurel and a diploma. Third place winners did not receive a medal. Some winners also received additional prizes, such as Spyridon Louis, who received a cup from Michel Bréal, a friend of Coubertin, who had conceived the marathon event. Louis then led the medalists on a lap of honor around the stadium, while the Olympic Hymn was played again. The King then formally announced that the first Olympiad was at an end, and left the Stadium, while the band played the Greek national hymn and the crowd cheered.

Like the Greek king, many others supported the idea of holding the next Games in Athens; most of the American competitors signed a letter to the Crown Prince expressing this wish. Coubertin, however, was heavily opposed to this idea, as he envisioned international rotation as one of the cornerstones of the modern Olympics. According to his wish, the next Games were held in Paris, although they would be somewhat over-shadowed by the concurrently held Universal Exposition.

A total of 14 nations sent athletes to compete at the Athens games.




Olympic Stadium

Olympic Stadium is the name given to the main stadium of the Olympic Games.


1330s

The 1330s was a decade that began on 1 January 1330 and ended on 31 December 1339.


1350s

The 1350s was a decade that began on 1 January 1350 and ended on 31 December 1359.


1360s

The 1360s was a decade that began on 1 January 1360 and ended on 31 December 1369.


1370s

The 1370s was a decade that began on 1 January 1370 and ended on 31 December 1379.


1390s

The 1390s was a decade that began on 1 January 1390 and ended on 31 December 1399.

1392
1394 Expulsion of Jews from France

1395 End of reign of Hungary by Capet-Anjou family

1397
1398
1399 Henry IV becomes King of England

Captain Underpants

Captain Underpants is a popular series of children's books by Dav Pilkey. Most of the books take place in Piqua, Ohio.



The plots of Captain Underpants books 6 - 12 add up into one big plot.

There are 12 Books, The First one is known as The Adventurers Of Captain Underpants, The next one being called Captain Underpants And The Attack Of The Talking Toilets.

Captain Underpants Has 2 spin-offs:

All of the Captain Underpants Films are made by DreamWorks Animation.

There is a 2018 TV show named The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants. It ran all the way into 2020.

It had 3 seasons and 3 specials.

1070s

The 1070s was a decade that began on 1 January 1070 and ended on 31 December 1079.


Makalani

Makalani is the name given to a certain palm tree, growing in northern Namibia (Southern Africa). The local Owambo people call a full grown palm tree "Omulunga" and a sapling "Oshivale." These palm trees grow very high and it takes many years for a Makalani sapling to grow into a full-grown tree.

The seeds look like small coconuts, and the local people, the Owambos and Himbas, peel the outer ginger looking skin and carve the inner hard core to certain objects of art. The inner core is white with a dark brown skin, the size of a golf ball, and it is hollow inside. The Makalani fruit (Ondunga/Onduga)is very useful to the local people. It can be eaten and can also be used to brew Ombike/Owalende: the Oshiwambo brew that looks and taste similar to Whiskey. 
There are now also some hotels, restaurants, and guesthouses which have adopted the name Makalani (in Namibia). These include Makalani Sugar processors, Makalani Holdings and Makalani Airtime Distributors.

Trowbridge

Trowbridge is the county town of Wiltshire, a county in England. It is on the River Biss in the west of the county, 8 miles (13 km) south east of Bath, Somerset, separated by the Mendip Hills, which rise 3 miles (4.8 km) to the west. The town is also 38 miles (61 km) south of Gloucester and 20 miles (32km) south east of Bristol.

Trowbridge has been a market town for a long time. The Kennet and Avon Canal has been a very important part of the town's growth because it allowed coal to be moved from the Somerset Coalfield. This began steam-powered wool production in mills, which the town is famous for. The town was a very important producer of clothes and blankets in the south west of England. Because of this, in the late 18th century and early 19th century, it had the nickname of "The Manchester of the West".

The civil parish of Trowbridge had 33,108 people in the 2011 census. The parish goes over the areas of Longfield, Lower Studley, Upper Studley, Studley Green and Trowle Common. Parishes that are next to Trowbridge include Staverton, Hilperton, West Ashton, North Bradley, Southwick and Wingfield. Some towns close to Trowbridge are Bradford on Avon, Westbury, Melksham, Frome and Devizes.

Bow (music)

In music, a bow is a stick which is strung with hair. It is used to pull across the strings of a string instrument such as a monopoly game when you put the bow on the cover

The wood used for good quality bows is usually pernambuco wood from Brazil. Some bows nowadays are made from carbon fiber. They are often cheaper and still of very good quality. The bow has to be slightly curved so that it straightens out a bit as the hairs are tightened (this is like the bow of ‘bow and arrow’ where letting go of the tension of the bent bow makes the arrow fly off). 

Horsehair is used for the hairs of the bow. These hairs gradually fall out when the bow is used a lot. When a lot of the hairs have fallen out the player can have the bow re-haired. When the bow is new, or when it has just been re-haired, it will not make any sound until the hairs have been well rubbed with rosin (also called “colophony”). The rosin makes the hair grip the string as it is drawn across. Every violinist needs to keep a piece of rosin (called a “cake of rosin”) in his or her violin case. They may need to rosin the bow for a short while each time they play. There is a screw at the end of the bow for tightening the hairs. After playing, the bow hairs should be slackened again before the bow is put away. This is to stop the wood from warping (bending out of shape).

The black bit near the heel of the bow (the end where the player holds it) is called the frog. This holds the hair in place. The frog may be made of ebony, but sometimes it is made of ivory or tortoiseshell. Near the frog is the grip, which is made of leather or sometimes snakeskin. Expensive bows sometimes have a tip made of silver.

There are other instruments which use bows. In the Renaissance the viols were played with a bow which was held with the palm upwards. Some double bass players still hold the bow in this way (this is called the German method. The overhand method is called the French method.)

The kind of bow in use today was developed by the bow-maker François Tourte in 19th century France.

There are other cultures which have bows with only one thick hair.

People who learn to play the violin, viola, violoncello, and double bass spend a very long time learning the technique of bowing. They have to learn to control the bow so that it makes a lovely sound on the string. They learn to control the bow with strong fingers, but never to hold the bow tightly. Sometimes they are asked to pluck the string instead of bowing it. This is called “pizzicato”.

The bow is held in the right hand. The left hand makes the different notes by putting the fingers firmly down on the fingerboard.

When string players talk about “putting in the bowing” they mean: writing in the music for each note whether it is played with an upbow or downbow. A downbow is when the player starts at the heel (the end that he is holding) and finishes at the tip. An upbow is when the bow travels in the direction tip to heel. A player does not always have to use “whole bows” (from the heel to the tip). In fast music he may only use a small part of the bow. A downbow feels stronger than an upbow, so it is usually used for the first beat of the bar. Downbows and upbows may be used for alternate notes, but often two or more notes are taken in one bow-stroke. This is shown in the music by a slur (a short curved line like a phrase mark over or under the notes to be slurred).

The bow generally should touch the part of the string mid-way between the end of the fingerboard and the bridge (see the article violin). To play quietly the bow should be nearer the fingerboard. To play loudly it should be nearer the bridge.

When the players have been plucking ("pizzicato") and they need to start bowing again, the word "arco" is put in the music. This is the Italian word for "bow".

Special effects can be made with the bow. These include: 

The Chinese yazheng and "yaqin", and Korean ajaeng zithers are generally played by "bowing" with a rosined stick, which rubs against the strings without any horsehair. The hurdy-gurdy, an instrument known in medieval Europe, has strings which are bowed by a "rosin wheel," which is turned by a handle.

Bowing

Bowing means: taking a bow. A bow is when a person bends their body forward from the waist in order to greet someone or show respect for them. A bow is sometimes not much more than a quick nod of the head, but it can be a very deep bow from the waist. The exact way to bow and the situations in which people bow vary enormously between different cultures. 

Bowing was originally a gesture (a movement of the body) which showed deep respect for someone. In European cultures bowing to someone is now only done in very formal situations, e.g. when meeting the Queen or someone very high and important.

In European history bowing was common at royal courts. Men were expected to "bow and scrape". This meant bowing and at the same time drawing back the right leg so that it scraped the floor. The man would hold his left hand over his waist while doing this. This is why we still talk about "bowing and scraping" meaning that someone is trying very hard and hypocritically to be unnecessarily polite. This kind of deep bow, which is never used nowadays, is sometimes called a “reverence” (a word meaning: “deep respect”).

Bowing was only done by men. Women would always curtsey to show respect.

Nowadays bowing in European cultures is mostly seen at performances. When people applaud (clap their hands) after a performance such as a concert on in the theatre the performer will take a bow. This is like saying “thank you” to the audience for saying “thank you” by clapping. Both men and women performers bow (although female ballet dancers will curtsey).

In Christian worship people in churches will bow to the altar to show respect to Jesus.

There are other special occasions in which people bow. In judo and some other martial arts the two contestants (people who are going to fight) will bow to one another to show that they respect one another and will obey the rules of the game.

In some Asian cultures bowing is far more common than in the West. It is especially important in Japan. Japanese people – both men and women - spend a lot of their time bowing. They bow to greet one another, to say goodbye, to say they are sorry, to say ‘thank you’, or to show that they are not as important as the person they are bowing to. There are different degrees of bowing, and it is very important in Japanese culture to know the right way to bow on different occasions. A bow of 15 degrees is very informal, a bow of 45 degrees is very formal. They keep their back (from the head to the hips) straight while doing this. The men have their hands by their sides, women have one hand over the other in front of their body. Typically a bow should last a count of eight: three to go down, one for a pause and four for returning to an upright position. If someone bows a little longer than the other person, that other person may bow again, and the other person then also bows again, and this can go on several times. Japanese mothers carry their babies on their backs, so that children learn to bow even before they can speak. Pupils and teachers at school bow to one another. The more important someone is, the deeper the other person has to bow.

Curtsey

Billie Jean King

Billie Jean King (born Billie Jean Moffitt on November 22, 1943 in Long Beach, California) is an American retired tennis player. She is considered one of the greatest female tennis players. She won many championships during her career, which started in 1959 and ended in 1983. She was known for speaking against sexism in sports and society. She started the Women's Tennis Association, World TeamTennis, and the Women's Sports Foundation. Her most famous match was in 1973. It was called "The Battle of the Sexes" and was with Bobby Riggs, who had been a champion in the 1930s and 1940s. She loved playing tennis but had to stop after an injury.

Her brother is baseball player Randy Moffitt.

Billie Jean King grew up poor. It was hard for her parents to support her. Her father was an engineer for a fire department. Her mother was a housekeeper. Her father had two jobs. Her mother sold Tupperware to pay for King’s tennis competitions. King’s family could not pay to join their local tennis club. Therefore, King learned at public tennis courts. 

King was interested in fighting for the rights of women in tennis. When she was seventeen years old, King played doubles in Wimbledon. She and her partner, Karen Hantze, won the match. They became the youngest women players to win that match at Wimbledon. Even though she won this competition, she didn't want to focus on tennis completely yet. 

King joined a community college and married Larry King. Later, she played tennis again and spoke against sexism. She is famous for winning a competition called the Battle of the Sexes against Bobby Riggs in 1973. This was one of the first tennis matches when a man played against a woman. Winning this match really helped her speak about sexism. She used tennis and the Battle of the Sexes to prove that women are as good at sports as men. She was important in tennis and helped the voice of women. 

King is lesbian.

Fabio Cannavaro

Fabio Cannavaro (born 13 September 1973) is an Italian retired football player. He was the captain of Italy's winning FIFA World Cup squad in 2006. He is considered one of the best defenders in history.

Cannavaro had originally played several famous football club in Italy, such as Napoli, Parma, Internazionale Milano and Juventus. He won several champions of Italian Serie A in the past, and a UEFA Cup in 1999. In 2006, he turned to Spain to join the Spanish giant Real Madrid, as a defender of the team.

Cannavaro is a famous defender who represent Italy national team for over 100 times, joining three times of FIFA World Cup. In 2006 he led the national team to win the champion of World Cup, and then won the World Footballer of 2006. As few defenders can be very popular, some people comment that Cannavaro has excellent talent, just like German legend Franz Beckenbauer.

394||13||43||0||89||3||526||16
94||0||3||0||19||0||116||0
488||13||46||0||108||3||642||16

!Total||136||2

 

Toontown Online

Disney's Toontown Online, also called as Toontown Online or Toontown, was an online video game created by The Walt Disney Company. The game was an MMORPG, where a lot of people play at one time. It was released in 2003, and closed in 2013.

Players live life as a toon in Toontown. Players can make a duck, bear, mouse, rabbit, dog, cat, horse, pig, or monkey.

Players try to live life as a toon, play games on the Trolley and make new friends. But it's not all paradise. Evil robots called "Cogs" have taken over, and "gags" (cartoon fun) are used to defeat them. There is not a purpose that players have to go by. A player can choose to be the top racer or to have the most "laff points". Many people like it because of this. Some users even dare to become "ubers", toons with better gags but poor laff.

Labrador

Labrador can be:


Toon

A toon can mean:

Ethnic cleansing

Ethnic cleansing is where ethnic or religious groups are forced to leave an area by another ethnic group. The goal of an ethnic cleansing is to remove one ethnic group from a certain geographical area.

In an ethnic cleansing, They may force people to move; deport people; threaten them until they leave; and use rape and mass murder.

Ethnic genocide is a form of ethnic cleansing but not all cases of ethnic cleansing are ethnic genocide

The United Nations defines ethnic cleansing this way:

A report by United Nations experts said that ethnic cleansing has been done in many different ways, including:

Experts say that ethnic cleansing is different than genocide. In a genocide, a group tries to kill every member of a certain group, so that group no longer exists on the earth. In an ethnic cleansing, the perpetrators are trying to get rid of other groups in specific areas.

There is no official legal definition of ethnic cleansing. However, both the International Criminal Court (ICC) and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) define deporting a population from its home as a crime against humanity. Other crimes that happen during ethnic cleansing are treated as separate crimes that may fit under the definitions of genocide or crimes against humanity. For example, murdering, raping, and persecuting large groups of people are all crimes against humanity under the International Criminal Court's laws.

During ancient and medieval history, Jewish people were victims of ethnic cleansing in many countries. For example, around 1290 AD, King Edward I of England ordered all of the Jews in the country to leave. Hundreds of elderly Jews were executed. Next, France and some German states did the same. Finally, in 1492, Spain ordered its Jews to convert to Catholicism or leave the country. Any Jew who stayed in the country would be executed without a trial. Between 40,000 and 100,000 Jews were forced to leave Spain.

Ten years later, in 1502, Spain also forced its Muslims to leave the country.

In 1652, Oliver Cromwell and the English military took over Ireland. Historians Brendan O'Leary and John McGarry write: "Oliver Cromwell offered Irish Catholics a choice between genocide and forced mass population transfer." Cromwell wanted all of the Irish Catholics to leave eastern Ireland and move to the northwest.

With Cromwell in charge, the English military forced many Irish Catholics to leave eastern Ireland, and killed many of the people who refused to leave. They did this by:

Historian John Morrill says that England's actions were "the greatest episode of ethnic cleansing ever attempted in Western Europe." About 600,000 Irish people died 43% of the Irish population. Because of this, historians do not agree on whether this was an ethnic cleansing or a genocide.

In the 19th century, the United States government committed an ethnic cleansing against Native American tribes. At this time, the United States was growing. Many people in the country wanted to take over what is now the Southern United States. However, this land had always belonged to Native American tribes, like the Cherokee Nation.

In the early 1800s, the United States government started a program of removing these tribes from the South. The government wanted these tribes to move west, outside the United States. Under Andrew Jackson, the United States military took land away from Creek and Seminole Indians.

Some tribes signed treaties and agreed to move. However, other tribes refused to leave the land that had always been theirs. In 1829, Andrew Jackson became President. The next year, he signed the Indian Removal Act. Jackson used this law to force tribes that were still in the South to leave the United States.

The Cherokee Nation refused to leave their homes. In 1838, President Martin van Buren ordered the military to force them to leave. Soldiers forced about 15,000 Cherokees and 2,000 of their slaves to leave their land. At first, the Cherokees were all forced into internment camps, where 353 Cherokee died from diseases during one summer. After that, the Cherokee were forced to walk from the South to what is now Oklahoma and Arkansas. Most historians say that about 4,000 people died on the way. This was one out of every four people in the Cherokee population. Because so many people died, this forced migration is now called the Trail of Tears.

In 1939, Nazi Germany invaded Poland. This started World War II. After taking over part of Poland, Nazi Germany committed an ethnic cleansing against the Polish people. They did this in many ways:

Starting in 2003, the government of Sudan has been accused of committing an ethnic cleansing against black ethnic groups in Darfur. The Sudanese military, police, and a militia called the Janjaweed have done this by:

As of 2007, about 450,000 black Darfurians had been killed, and about 800 villages had been destroyed. As of April 2008, about 2.5 million people one-third of Darfur's population were living in refugee camps. These people had been forced to leave their homes, either by soldiers, or because their villages had been destroyed.

Timbre

Timbre is a quality of sound. It is what makes two different musical instruments sound different from each other, even when each instrument plays the same musical note.

"Playing the same note" means they have the same pitch and loudness. For instance, timbre is the difference between a guitar and a piano playing the same note at the same volume. In music, "tone quality" and "color" are synonyms for timbre.

There are many attempts by music theorists to explain timbre more fully. Unfortunately, their ideas depend on the reader having an advanced knowledge of musical theory. The "Acoustical Society of America" (ASA) Acoustical Terminology definition 12.09 of timbre is "that attribute of auditory sensation which enables a listener to judge that two nonidentical sounds, similarly presented and having the same loudness and pitch, are dissimilar". It adds "Timbre depends primarily upon the frequency spectrum, although it also depends upon the sound pressure and the temporal characteristics of the sound". 

Exaggeration

Exaggeration is a term for a figure of speech. It means the describing of something and making it more than it really is. The verb is to exaggerate.

An example of exaggeration would be: “I was walking along when suddenly this enormous dog walked along. It was as big as an elephant”. The dog may have been big, but it was certainly not as big as that. Another example of exaggeration would be: “I caught a fish as big as my house.”

Overstatement is another word that means almost the same thing. The opposite of overstatement is understatement. 

A hyperbole (IPA:[haı'pɝ.bə.li]) is a type of exaggeration that is used in literature. It is a figure of speech. The opposite of hyperbole are litotes. Litotes are conscious understatements in literature.

People exaggerate things because they have strong feelings about something. People may exaggerate to make people listen to what they say. They may do it to emphasize something. They may also exaggerate just to sound funny:
People may understate because they are being modest:

In modern slang, the word “hype” is sometimes used about something that is getting more publicity than it really deserves. The word hype comes from the word “hyperbole”.


Meiosis

Meiosis is a special type of cell division. Unlike mitosis, the way normal body cells divide, meiosis results in cells that only have half the usual number of chromosomes, one from each pair. For that reason, meiosis is often called "reduction division". In the long run, meiosis increases genetic variation, in a way which will be explained later. 

Sexual reproduction takes place when a sperm fertilizes an egg. The eggs and sperm are special cells called gametes, or sex cells. Gametes are haploid; they have only half the number of chromosomes as a normal body cell (called a somatic cell). Fertilization restores the chromosomes in body cells to the diploid number.

The basic number of chromosomes in the body cells of a species is called the "somatic number" and is labelled "2n". In humans 2n = 46: we have 46 chromosomes. In the sex cells the chromosome number is "n" (humans: n = 23). So, in normal diploid organisms, chromosomes are present in two copies, one from each parent (23x2=46). The only exception are the sex chromosomes. In mammals, the female has two X chromosomes, and the male one X and one Y chromosome.

All eukaryotes that reproduce sexually use meiosis. This also includes many single-celled organisms. Meiosis does not occur in archaea or bacteria, which reproduce by simple cell division.

The offspring gets a set of chromosomes from each parent so that, overall, half of its heredity comes from each parent. But the two sets of chromosomes are not identical with the parental chromosomes. This is because they are changed during the reduction division by a process called "crossing-over".

This is two-fold:

1. First, to reduce the chromosomes in each egg or sperm to one set only.
2. To allow crossing-over to take place between each pair of parental chromosomes. Crossing-over changes which alleles sit on a particular chromosome.

Although the gametes have only one set of chromosomes, that set is a shuffled mixture of genetic material from both parents. Every single egg or sperm may have a different selection of alleles from the parental chromosomes.

As with shuffling a deck of cards, many different combinations of genes can be produced without a change (mutation) in any individual gene. However, mutations do occur, and they may add alleles which were not in the population before. At any rate, the shuffling increases the variety of the offspring, and the variety gives at least some of the offspring a better chance of surviving in difficult times. The shuffling of alleles which takes place in meiosis may be the reason why sexual reproduction exists at all.

Several quite large taxa (groups of organisms) use cyclical parthenogenesis. This is when several generations are born by virgin birth, and then a generation occurs with normal sexual reproduction. Examples include aphids, and cladocerans (small crustacea called "water fleas"). Aphids usually operate as follows: when the weather is good, and their plant hosts are at their best, they use parthenogenesis. At the end of the season, when the weather gets worse, they use sexual reproduction. This system of reproduction is called "apogamy".

In parthenogenesis, the eggs contain only the mother's genetic material, and they are not fertilized. The egg cells may be produced either by meiosis or mitosis. When meiosis occurs, crossing-over produces a genetic fingerprint which differs somewhat from the mother's. So, the parthenogenetic greenfly offspring are not identical, and do show some genetic variation: some chromosome segments differ because of meiosis. Mitosis would produce identical offspring.

Amongst these parthenogenetic taxa are a number of species which have entirely abandoned sex.

A few eukaryote organisms have completely lost the ability for sexual reproduction, and so do not have meiosis. These include the Bdelloid rotifers, which only reproduce by parthenogenesis.

Meiosis can be divided into meiosis I and meiosis II.

The function of the first division is to permit crossing over. Just like mitosis, meiosis includes prophase, metaphase, anaphase and telophase.



The two cells prepare to divide again in a stage known as interkinesis or interphase II. Both of these cells will go through meiosis II.


In males, all four cells become sperm. In females, only one becomes a mature egg, while the remaining three become re-absorbed into the body.

In humans, there are certain conditions that are caused by meiosis gone wrong. Examples are:

Porsche

Dr.-Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG () or simply Porsche, is a German sports car manufacturer based in Zuffenhausen. Porsche was created in 1931 as a design engineering department by Ferdinand Porsche. 1922





Gainsharing

Gainsharing is a system of management used by a business to increase profitability by motivating employees to improve their performance through involvement and participation. As their performance improves, employees share financially in the gain (improvement). Gainsharing’s goal is to improve performance and eliminate waste (time, energy, and materials) by motivating employees to work smarter as a team rather than just working harder.

Gainsharing should not be confused with profit sharing. There are many differences between Gainsharing and profit sharing. Gainsharing is also called Gain sharing, Gainshare, and Gain share. It could also be called "savings sharing." In other words, a company shares with employees the savings from improved performance.

There are two important parts of a Gainsharing system. One is a bonus calculation. The second is a structured system for employee involvement. Because of these two parts, Gainsharing is best seen as an "organizational development" tool. It is not just a bonus or "incentive plan." In order to get a better understanding of this concept one needs to look back at Gainsharing's history.

One of the first Gainsharing plans dates back to the 1930s. In the 1930s a labor leader and MIT Lecturer Joe Scanlon, preached that “the worker” had much more to offer than just a "pair of hands" (manual labor). Scanlon believed that the person closest to the problem often has the best and simplest solution. Also, if the worker is involved in the solution he will make the solution work.

In an effort to help a troubled company, Scanlon and the company owner asked employees for their ideas and suggestions to help reduce waste and lower cost. Many improvements were made. The company became more successful. Joe was asked to save other companies who had barely survived the depression. He eventually became the acting director of the Steelworkers Research Department and used his skills in creating joint labor/management improvement committees to help the war effort for WWII.

After the war Joe became a lecturer at MIT and went on to develop a system for organizational development and gainsharing that became known as the Scanlon Plan.

As the Scanlon Plan developed a method to measure (calculate) gains (improvements) was created. The monetary gains were then shared with all employees. This calculation represents the bonus (monetary incentive) element of Gainsharing. This concept addresses the principle of equity. "It is fair to share." Everyone in a company makes a contribution to the organization's success. Why limit bonuses to the select few? People typically take pride in their work and have a strong desire to be respected for what they do. By sharing the company is communicating an important message to the work force: "We all contribute. That contribution is respected. Let's share in the financial benefits."

Today, companies use Gainsharing to measure both the performance and reward employees when it improves. Companies use a pre-determined calculation (formula) to share the savings with all employees. The goals of a company’s Gainsharing plan depend on its cost structure and long-term competitive strategy and are tailored to fit the industry (manufacturing, service, or corporate). Information regarding the measures, formula, and gains (savings) is regularly and openly shared with all employees. Since the monetary gains are shared with employees, people develop more of a sense of ownership for their work and the company. People have a better understanding of how they influence the company's success.

It should be noted that in a Gainsharing plan, the company's current performance is compared to its historic performance (baseline period). The savings above the baseline period determine the gain or loss. This is a very important point. Since gains are measured in relationship to a historical period, employees and the company must improve in order to make a gain. Performance thresholds must be corrected periodically for the effects of capital investment in new equipment as well as for the continuous improvement needed to meet ever higher customer demands.

When people do their work differently they must change. However, as everyone one knows, it is difficult for people to change. On the other hand, do people like money? Most people would say, "Yes." Therefore, Gainsharing can be a very powerful tool. Gainsharing promotes the need for continuous improvement and eliminates employees' sense of entitlement.

A very important part of a successful Gainsharing plan is the employee involvement element of Gainsharing. In order to foster a culture of positive change, a successful Gainsharing plan needs to incorporate a structure system of employee involvement. It is common for Gainsharing plans to have a "team-based" suggestion system in place.

How does a team-based suggestion system work? First, teams are formed in order to gather suggestions from employees on ways to improve, (in other words, suggestions on how to work "smarter"). To avoid unnecessary bureaucracy, most companies ask managers/supervisors to lead departmental teams whose goals mesh with the overall objectives of a company’s Gainsharing plan. The teams are permanent groups. The teams meet on a regular basis to discuss the ideas and suggestions. They make decisions on approving or declining the ideas. Also the teams are given limited spending authority to approve and implement the suggestions. Suggestions that are approved by a team, but are beyond their spending authority, are advanced to a higher level in the organization for final approval. Unlike a traditional suggestion system, a team-based system does not provide individual monetary rewards. This is because everyone works together and shares in the gain together. Gainsharing is not an individual incentive plan.

In terms of the calculation, a Gainsharing plan may have from one to six key performance measures. The most effective Gainsharing plans have relatively few performance goals because employee understanding of them is necessary for success. Examples of measures include productivity, quality, waste, spending, and customer service which are all factors employees can control. The gains (savings) from each measure are calculated separately. Then gains and losses from each measure are added to determine the total gain. A portion of the total gain goes to the company and a portion is shared with all employees. Generally, from 10% to 50% of the gain is shared with employees. The percent of the gain shared with employees depends on employee controllability and importance of the measure to the organization. The pool is distributed to all participants, typically on a monthly or quarterly frequency. The frequency of payouts depends on the employee line-of-sight (employees’ ability to identify what they do today to earn a payout at the end of the Gainsharing period). Companies with unskilled and semi-skilled employees typically have plans calling for payouts at shorter intervals than those with highly skilled workers.

It is very important to note that the development and implementation of a Gainsharing plan involves employees and that its goals are within employee control. An employee committee called the "Design Team" helps to make policy decisions on issues such as the plan's measures, employee eligibility, frequency of payout, and method of communication. Next the design team gets upper management approval before implementation. After approval, the Design Team is responsible for conducting meetings with all employees to communicate the details of the plan. Follow-up training should also take place.

The following summarizes many of the elements of a Gainsharing plan which have been discussed.

The keys to successful implementation are simplicity and employee involvement

Companies with successful Gainsharing plans view Gainsharing as much more than a bonus or incentive system. Instead, they see the system as an important part of their business strategy and a method to drive organization change. When properly designed and implemented, Gainsharing gradually grows into a company's core communications and compensation program. Gainsharing can be a powerful tool if installed and managed by a company that truly believes in its people.


T.A.T.u

t.A.T.u., or known in Russian as Тату, was a Russian pop music duet, made up of Lena Katina and Yulia Volkova. The group was formed in 1999 in Moscow. Their albums include "200 Russian "200 Po Vstrechnoy", "200 km/h in the wrong lane", "Lyudi Invalidy", "Dangerous and moving" and "Waste management". They split in 2011.

t.A.T.u. released their first single "All the Things She Said" in 2002. It reached number one in the United Kingdom. The song is about a relationship between two girls. In the music video Lena and Yulia kiss each other. ITV banned it from their show CD:UK. In 2003 t.A.T.U performed "Ne Ver', Ne Boysia" at the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest for their country Russia. They came third.

t.A.T.u performed at the Sochi Winter Olympics.

Oracle bone

Oracle Bones were bones that the Chinese would carve or scratch their questions on. Then the priests would burn the oracle bone until it would crack. Then the priest read these cracks to the Chinese people for their answer. The Chinese people believed their answer to be from the gods. This was also known as the first stages of Chinese writing. These were very important to the Chinese. The oracle bones bear the earliest known significant corpus of ancient Chinese writing, using an early form of Chinese characters.

Book of Mormon

The Book of Mormon is a book that Latter Day Saints believe is the word of God along with the Bible.

The original English version of the Book of Mormon was published in March 1830 by a man named Joseph Smith, Jr. who said he was a prophet like the ones in the Old Testament.

Joseph Smith claimed that the record originated from gold plates that he was guided to find by an angel, and then used a spiritual gift from God to translate the book into English. The book says that the language it was first written in was made from "the learning of the Jews and the language of the Egyptians."

The story that is in the Book of Mormon is a shortened version written by a man named Mormon of the story of two groups of people called the Nephites and the Lamanites. Their ancestors left Jerusalem with their father Lehi about 600 years before the birth of Christ, sailed across a very big ocean, and came to live in the New World. It gives a story of their families, cities, wars, systems of government, spiritual experiences and religious beliefs among other things. The main purpose of the Book of Mormon is to teach about Jesus Christ.

It also contains the (a very old book discovered by the Nephites) which told the story of another people (called the Jaredites) who had lived in some of the same areas shortly after the time of the Tower of Babel, but died out because of wars.

Usually, Book of Mormon stories show the Nephites as the more righteous, industrious and peaceful people and the Lamanites as wicked, lazy and warlike. Wars happen all the time between the two groups. But, near the end of the book, the Nephites become more wicked than the Lamanites, and all the Nephites die in their last war, except for one named Moroni who was directed by God to bury the Book of Mormon in a hill so that Joseph Smith Jr. could find it.

The central theme of the book revolves around Jesus Christ visiting the people described, performing miracles and showing them the right way to live.


Demilitarized zone

A demilitarized zone is an area of land that has no military forces in it. This is usually to stop armies from fighting.

The most famous demilitarized zone is the Korean Demilitarized Zone on the land between North Korea and South Korea, Åland Islands, and Antarctica. No one can go into the Demilitarized Zone, so the wildlife is well preserved. There are thousands of soldiers and weapons on each side of the Demilitarized Zone, including to this day a massive American presence.

The Rhineland was also demilitarized from the end of World War I until 1936, when Adolf Hitler remilitarized it.


Journey

Journey or journeying may mean:



Cúcuta

Cúcuta (pron. IPA koo`koo-tä), or San Jose de Cúcuta, is the capital of the Norte de Santander Department, in Colombia. Cúcuta is an important city in northeastern Colombia because of where it is; on the border with Venezuela. People from Cúcuta are called "cucuteños".

The area has grown fast since the 1960s, especially the suburbs of Villa del Rosario and Los Patios.

The city has developed with the building of six overpasses, a convention center, a new bus terminal, a new Integrated Massive Transportation System called Metrobus, the modernization of state owned schools, the recovery of Cucuta's downtown, and the duplication of the capacity of the General Santander Stadium. New industries are expected to come from Venezuela and to place their factories in Cucuta aiming at exporting through the Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement between Colombia and the United States.

Simón Bolívar captured Cúcuta in 1813 and set out from there on his march to Caracas. At Cúcuta the constituent congress of 1821 met to draft the constitution of Greater Colombia (present day Venezuela, Ecuador and Colombia).

The city was largely destroyed by an earthquake on 18 May 1875, but was soon rebuilt.

In 1939, Cúcuta had 59,323 people. In 1990, it had 532,564. In 2005, the metropolitan area had 950,000 people.

The Battle of Cúcuta was important for the moral importance that gave Bolivar advantages to release to Venezuela. The battle began at 9:00 AM of the 28 of February 1813 and finished at noon. There were 400 men in the control of Simón Bolivar and 800 under Spanish General Ramon Correa. Two died and 14 were hurt in the liberating troops and 20 dead and 40 hurt in the Spanish troops.

Also known as the Earthquake of the Andes happened the May 18 of 1875 at 11:15 AM. It completely destroyed Cúcuta, Villa del Rosario, San Antonio del Tachira and Capacho also causing serious damage to the Venezuelan people in San Cristóbal, La Mulata, Rubio, Michelena, La Grita, and Colón, among others. It was felt in Bogota and Caracas.

Cúcuta is on a plateau in the Cordillera Oriental of the Colombian Andes. The official metropolitan area includes the municipalities of Villa del Rosario, Los Patios, El Zulia, and Puerto Santander. All four neighboring municipalities contain extensive rural areas despite recent urbanization.

Cúcuta and Norte de Santander have many rivers, none of them with pollution problems, being the Pamplonita River, the Guaramito River, the San Miguel River and the Zulia River the most important.

Cúcuta has a municipal area of 1176 km² and is at 302 feet above sea level. The average temperature of 28 °C (82.4 °F) with an average humidity of 65%. Its medium annual precipitation is of 1,041mm. There are two rain seasons, between March-May and September-November. The dry months of the year are December and January with a medium precipitation of 58mm.

Cúcuta has an agroindustry that mainly produces milk products and liquors. The border with Venezuela means the major Colombian commercial centers, banks, and warehouses have offices in the city.

US - Colombia Free Trade Agreement implications for Cúcuta

Colombia signed a Free Trade Agreement with the United States. There was opposition from Venezuela. Despite its opposition, industries from that country are constructing their infrastructure in Cúcuta to export their products to the United States, registering their products as if they were Colombian, an strategy that would allow them to export without paying certain tariffs. For that reason, Cúcuta is expected to become an industrial city.

Shopping Malls

Cúcuta is also known as the "Ciudad sin fronteras" (City without borders), "La ciudad de los arboles" (The city of the trees), "La hermosa villa" (The beautiful ville), y "Ciudad verde" (Green city)

The city is served by one transportation terminal and the Camilo Daza Airport, which is north of the city. In general, the more prosperous areas are along and above west (Caobos, La Riviera and some places of the center) and to the east.

The state owned university, the Francisco de Paula Santander University (UFPS), is in the northeastern part of the city. There are several private universities of varying quality.

Main monuments

Main parks

The generation of cucuteños (people from Cúcuta) and the legion of foreigners who reconstructed the city after the 1875 earthquake planted trees which grew fruits called clemones that had acid and bitter fruits with which the boys played. Soon they were replaced by acacias, peracos and almond trees. In Cúcuta the love for the trees is preached and applied, and cucuteño (people from Cúcuta) respect someone who has planted one in front of his house. For this reason Cúcuta is well-known as the city forest of Colombia.

The basic education and the high school education are in Colombian "Calendary A" for schools (from February to November).

Schools

Universities

Many important personalities from Colombia are from Cúcuta such as the first President of Colombia, Francisco de Paula Santander, known as "the man of the laws" and Fabiola Zuluaga, tennis player, Virgilio Barco, a former president of Colombia, Marino Vargas Villalta, businessman; his grandson, Juan Jose Germán Vargas, tennis player and the musician Elias M. Soto.


Baryton

A baryton is a string instrument with many strings.
It was popular during Joseph Haydn's time.

Frankston North

Frankston North is a suburb of Melbourne. It is near Frankston and Carrum Downs in Victoria, Australia. It is sometimes nicknamed "The Pines".

King Kong (1933 movie)

King Kong is a 1933 black and white American adventure fantasy horror movie. the first film of the series. It was directed and produced by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack. The screenplay was by Ruth Rose and James Ashmore Creelman. They based the script on a story by Cooper and Edgar Wallace and the novel by Delos Lovelace. The movie stars Fay Wray, Bruce Cabot, and Robert Armstrong. It opened in New York City on March 2, 1933, to good reviews. As the first film of the King Kong series, followed up by "Son of Kong" in the following year.

The movie is about a huge ape a 15-meter creature called Kong who attacked by biplanes and kill in an attempt to possess a beautiful young woman. Kong is famous for its stop-motion animation by Willis O'Brien. The music was written by Bussy Maximus. In 1622, the movie was thought "culturally, historically and aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. It has been remade twice: once in 1976 and again in 2005.

In 1932, New York Harbor, filmmaker Carl Denham, known for wildlife films in remote and exotic locations, charters Captain Englehorn's ship, the "Venture", for his new project. However, he cannot secure an actress for a role he has been reluctant to describe. Searching the streets of New York City, he meets Ann Darrow and promises her the adventure of a lifetime. As the "Venture" sets off, Ann meets the first mate, Jack Driscoll. Six weeks into the voyage, Denham reveals to Englehorn and Jack that their destination is, in fact, an uncharted island with a mountain that looks like a skull, of which he has come to knowledge from a Norwegian skipper who discovered a canoe blown off course with only one native left alive. Before the native died, the skipper was able to get a rough location of the island and some details on it, including its most distinctive feature - a huge ancient stone wall with an enormous wooden gate built by the ancestors of the natives back when they had high civilization. Denham alludes to a monstrous creature named "Kong", rumored to dwell on the island. Anchoring offshore at the island, the crew find a native village, where the natives prepare to sacrifice a young woman termed the "bride of Kong". The crew is spotted, and the native chief stops the ceremony. When he sees Ann, he offers to trade six of his tribal women for the "golden woman." Englehorn rebuffs him.

That night, Jack falls in love with Ann which she accepts. The natives kidnap Ann and take her through the gate and to an altar on the other side of the wall, where she is offered to Kong, an enormous gorilla-like creature. Kong carries a terrified Ann into the wilderness as Denham, Jack, and some volunteers enter the jungle in hopes of rescuing her. They encounter a giant dinosaur-like creature, a "Stegosaurus", which they manage to defeat. After facing an aggressive "Brontosaurus" and Kong himself, Jack and Denham are the only survivors. A "Tyrannosaurus rex" attempts to devour Ann, but Kong kills it to defend her. Jack continues to pursue Kong, while Denham returns to the village, where Englehorn and the remaining crewmen are waiting. Upon arriving in Kong's lair, Ann is menaced by a snake-like "Elasmosaurus", which Kong also kills. While Kong is distracted killing a "Pteranodon" that attempted to fly away with Ann, Jack rescues her, and the ape gives chase. Jack and Ann run through the jungle and back to the village. Pursuing Ann, Kong breaks open the gate despite the huge beam securing it and the combined efforts of the crew and natives to push it closed. Kong relentlessly rampages through the village until Denham, who has decided to switch his plan from producing a film to capturing Kong and sailing him to New York City, knocks him unconscious with a gas bomb.

Shackled in chains, Kong is taken to New York City and presented to a Broadway theatre audience as "King Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World." Ann and Jack, now engaged, are brought on stage to join him, surrounded by a group of press photographers. Kong, enraged by the ensuing flash photography, breaks loose. The audience flees in terror and Ann has whisked away to a hotel room on a high floor, but Kong, scaling the building, finds her and abducts her again. Kong rampages through the city with Ann in his grip, wrecking a crowded elevated train, and then climbs the Empire State Building. Jack suggests to the police for army airplanes to shoot Kong off the building, without hitting Ann. Four planes take off to attack Kong. However, Jack becomes agitated for Ann's safety and rushes to the top of the building with Denham in following. The planes wait until Kong sets Ann down and then open fire on him. Kong tries to fight off the planes, destroying one, but is mortally wounded by their gunfire. He gazes at Ann one last time before he is hit twice more, and falls from the tower to his death. Jack reunites with Ann and Denham head backs down below to the street and pushes through a crowd to look at Kong's corpse. When a policeman remarks that the planes got him, Denham says, "Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast".

"Variety" thought the movie was a powerful adventure. The "New York Times" thought the movie a fascinating adventure.

The movie was not shown in Nazi Germany because it was thought a threat to Aryan womanhood, even though it was allegedly Hitler's favorite movie.

In 2002, Roger Ebert wrote that the special effects are not up to modern standards, but the movie remains one "that still somehow works."

In 2020, "King Kong" held a score of 98% "Certified Fresh" based on 66 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie made about $2 million when it was first shown. Its opening weekend total was estimated at $90,000. After the 1952 re-release, "Variety" estimated the film had made $4 million in cumulative domestic rentals for that year.

Recursion

Recursion is a word from mathematics and computer science. It is used to define a thing, such as a function or a set. A recursive definition uses the thing it is defining as part of the definition.

Usually, a recursive function refers to itself in some cases (or inputs), but not in every case. A function that referred to itself in every case would never terminate.

When a function refers to itself, it often uses a smaller input than the input it was given. In this way, it can solve a problem by first solving a simpler version of the problem.

An example of a recursive function formula_1 is:

This function computes the factorial of a natural number. It works because formula_6 and formula_7.

The definition has two cases: a recursive case for formula_8, and a case for formula_9 that is not recursive. The case that is not recursive is called a "base case".

Recursion can be used to write computer programs. A program that uses recursion may be easier to write and understand than a program that does the same thing without recursion.

Recursion is used in mathematics to prove theorems. This method is called induction.

The idea of recursion can be seen in art and language. For example:

In the Google search engine, if you type up "recursion", it will say "Did you mean: Recursion", a reference to the meaning of recursion.

Monte Carlo algorithm

A Monte Carlo algorithm is an algorithm for computers which is used to simulate the behaviour of other systems. It is not an exact method, but a heuristical one, typically using randomness and statistics to get a result. The algorithm terminates with an answer that is correct with probability formula_1. 

It is a computation process that uses random numbers to produce an outcome(s). Instead of having fixed inputs, probability distributions are assigned to some or all of the inputs. This will generate a probability distribution for the output after the simulation is run.

For example, a Monte Carlo algorithm can be used to estimate the value of π. The amount of area within a quarter-circle of radius 1 depends on the value of π. The probability that a randomly-chosen point will lie in that quarter-circle depends on the area of the circle. If points are placed randomly in a square with sides of length 1, the percentage of points that fall within a quarter-circle of radius 1 will depend on the value of π. A Monte Carlo algorithm would randomly place points in the square and use the percentage of points falling inside of the circle to estimate the value of π.This is an effective way for making approximations.

In modern communication systems, the quality of information exchange is determined by the presence of noise in the channel. The major source of noise - Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN) being random in nature can be characterized using the Monte Carlo algorithm in simulating a Communications System

The modern version of the Markov chain Monte Carlo method was invented in the late 1940s by Stanislaw Ulam, while he was working on nuclear weapons projects at the Los Alamos National Laboratory.

BBC Radio 2

BBC Radio 2 is a radio station run by the BBC which is heard across the United Kingdom It started in 1967, replacing the BBC Light Programme. It is the most popular of the BBC stations with more than 15 million listeners a week in 2017. The audience is mostly adults over the age of 35.

Radio 2 mostly plays music from a period lasting over 40 year. For example, it plays classic pop songs, rock, jazz and folk.


Mailing list

Some people or organizations have many addresses of different people. They use these addresses to send the mail. In the postal system, using regular mail, such mailing lists are used to distribute these mails, which may be wanted (like newspapers) or unwanted (advertising).

In the electronic form, these differences also exist. Bulk mail (SPAM) is distributed using mailing lists.

On the other hand, there are echo mailing lists people subscribe to. When a subscriber sends a mail to the mailing list, this mail is distributed (echoed) to all people who are on the list. The Software which manages such a mailing list sometimes offers options to the people who subscribe. Instead of getting each mail directly, they might want only one mail (per day). This mail then contains all the mails of that day. This is called a "digest". Mails that come from people on the list might be handled differently from mails from people who are not subscribed to the mailing list.

Mailing lists are a way to reach selected groups of people - by specific parameters (or markets) - through the Post office. The population may be broken into sections organized buy their unique qualities such as "catalog purchasers" or "business owners," or by geographic area such as businesses or residents in a particular city or zip code, or buy select statistical parameters such as businesses with over 20 employees, or heads of household with income of over $80,000. Direct Mail Lists are then sold to direct marketing companies wishing to make an offer to this specific segment of the population. By tightly specifying the parameters of the mailing list, direct mail is a very effective way to market to a precisely selected group with little wasted advertising expense.

Electrochemistry

Electrochemistry is a kind of chemistry that studies chemical reactions that use or make electricity. Reactions like this happen at electrodes which are made from something that conducts electricity, and put in an electrolyte. An electrolyte is a solution that has ions in it.

Electrochemistry was "invented" at the same time as the voltaic pile; the first kind of electric battery.


Sulfuric acid

Sulfuric acid, also known as sulphuric acid, is a strong acid. It is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HSO. It was known as "Oil of Vitriol" in ancient times.

It is a dense (thick), clear, corrosive liquid that can dissolve in water. It can also melt through some weak substances.

It was once known as "oil of vitriol". This name was created by Jabir ibn Hayyan, the person who discovered it. It used to be prepared by the reaction of potassium nitrate with sulfur. This reaction would produce sulfur trioxide which would dissolve in steam to produce sulfuric acid. Then this reaction was done in lead containers. The contact process, the most common process, was invented in 1831 and is still used today.

It is made by reacting sulfur trioxide with sulfuric acid to produce oleum. Then oleum is dissolved in water to produce more sulfuric acid. The sulfur trioxide is produced by burning sulfur to produce sulfur dioxide, which was then oxidized to sulfur trioxide with a catalyst. This process is called the contact process.

Sulfuric acid has many uses. World production in 2001 was 165 million tons, worth about $8 billion US dollars. Uses include ore processing, fertilizer manufacturing, oil refining, wastewater processing, lead acid batteries, and combining chemicals for scientific reasons. For example, phosphate rocks are reacted with sulfuric acid to produce soluble phosphates, useful in fertilizers. This reaction is also used to make phosphoric acid, useful in soda. Potassium compounds are dissolved in sulfuric acid to produce potassium sulfate, useful in fertilizers. Ammonia is also reacted with sulfuric acid to produce ammonium sulfate. These three chemicals are solids and provide the three main minerals needed in plants. Lead acid batteries use sulfuric acid as their electrolyte.

Sulfuric acid is very poisonous because of its acidity and corrosiveness. When it is mixed with sugar, it turns it into carbon. When it is dissolved in water, it becomes less harmful but is still corrosive like normal acids. It reacts with metals to produce hydrogen and the metal sulfate. Some metals, such as tin, make sulfur dioxide and tin(II) sulfate. It reacts with sodium chloride to make hydrogen chloride.


Jew

Jewish people are of the God according to Bible, and Jewish is someone who is of Jewish or who has converted to the Jewish religion. Jewish people typically consider themselves not only as adherents of a religion, therefore a Jew is not only one that practices the religion of Judaism, but it is also one who is of Jewish ethnic heritage. Jews originated as an ethnoreligious group in the Middle East. According to traditional Jewish law, called Halakha, someone is Jewish if their mother was a Jew or if they have converted to Judaism. Judaism has been described as a religion, a race, an ethnic group, a culture, a nation, and an extended family.

Israel is the only modern country with a Jewish majority, but there are Jewish minorities in many places in the world. Most of them live in large cities in the United States, Argentina, Europe and Australia. Both Israel and the U.S. have over five million Jews. In the Soviet Union there were more than two million Jews, but many of them moved to Israel, the U.S. and other Western countries since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Jews have been victims of various persecutions. The most well known happened during the Second World War, when almost six million Jews were killed by the Nazis. The event is known as the Holocaust.

All ethnic (non-convert) Jews have genetic heritage from the Levant (the region now known as Israel and/or Palestine). Within all of the world's Jews, there are Jewish ethnic groups. The two biggest are called Ashkenazi (who have historically lived in Central and Eastern Europe) and Sephardic (who have historically lived in lands around the Mediterranean Sea, particularly Spain and Portugal). Jews from the Middle East, the Caucasus, and Central Asia are called Mizrahi Jews. There are also Ethiopian Jews, Indian Jews (Bene Israel) and Chinese Jews (Kaifeng Jews). Many of these groups have moved from one place to another. For example, many Ashkenazi Jews live in the United States, and many Sephardic and Mizrahi Jews live in France.

Jews speak the languages of the countries where they live. Hebrew is the language of Judaism because it is the language in which the Bible was written. It is still used for prayers. In Israel, Ivrit, which is the name for the new Hebrew language, is the common language. There are also other Jewish languages such as Yiddish and Ladino which are still spoken and written by some Jews.

The Jewish scriptures say that Judaism began with a man named "Abram" who lived in the city of Ur, in present-day Iraq. According to the Midrash, Abram strongly believed that the people in Ur were wrong to pray to different gods and statues. He believed that there was really only one god who was not a statue. The Torah tells that God spoke to Abram and told him to leave Ur with his family and move to Canaan, where he started a new religion. God told him that his name would be changed to Abraham. The Midrash also says that angels taught Abraham a new holy language, which Jews believe is the language today known as Hebrew. Hebrew continues to be the language of Judaism. Abraham's grandson Jacob is said to be the one who first had the name of "Israel".

When the Jews were turned into slaves in Egypt, God told Moses to ask for the 12 tribes of Israel to be freed. Pharaoh said "No" time and again and each time he did God sent many terrible punishments to the Egyptians to make him to free the Hebrews. Finally, the Pharaoh let the Hebrews go free, but then decided to send the Egyptian army to capture the Jews back. To help them escape God commanded the Red Sea to open a path for them. The waters then returned and drowned the Egyptian army. The Torah says that after this, Moses met with God on Mount Sinai and received the Ten Commandments and the Torah from God.

The Hebrews or Israelites, in twelve tribes, began a country called Israel in Canaan. They fought many wars against other peoples in the area. The name "Jew" comes from the name of one of these tribes, Judah. Later Judah was conquered by Babylonia in the early 6th century BC, and its people were taken captive to Babylon. They were allowed to go back to Judah again when Babylon was conquered by the Persian Empire. Some Jewish people stayed in Babylon (now Iraq) and others also lived in other countries.

By 50 BC, Judah (then called Judea) was ruled by the Roman Empire. During this time, the main language of Judea was Aramaic. The Jews did not like the Roman government or customs, and often made trouble for the Romans. In 70 AD, after a revolt against the government by the Jewish community, the Romans destroyed Judea's capital city, Jerusalem and sent almost all Jews into exile.

After this, the Jewish people did not have their own country. They were a small minority in almost every place they lived. This time is called the Diaspora, when Jews spread around the world. They lived in many other countries. Jews living in Spain and Portugal used the language Ladino (also called "Judeo-Spanish"). Jews living in Germany, Poland, Russia, and other countries in Central-Eastern Europe spoke the language Yiddish. Jews living in North Africa spoke Judeo-Arabic or Haketia, the local name for Ladino. Jews have lived in most, but not all, places in the world, including India, China, Yemen, and Ethiopia. Even today, Jews who do not live in Israel are often said to live "in the Diaspora". In some places, like India, Jews lived without any problems. In other places, like most of Europe and Islamic countries, there was bigotry or even hatred against Jews and they lived under discriminatory laws. Sometimes Jews suffered from outright persecution (that is: systematic hatred and violence), sometimes they were forced to dress in special, ugly clothes, pay higher taxes than others, not build higher houses than others, not to ride a horse or donkey, wear certain badges etc. In Europe, where the Roman Catholic church forbade Christians from lending money against interest, some Jews worked as bankers and money-lenders, and became known as skillful bankers. 

One nomad nation, the Khazars, converted to Judaism in the 8th century. The Khazar khanate, which was in the modern Ukraine and Byelorussia, was the only independent Jewish state before modern day Israel. The Khazar state was destroyed by the Eastern Vikings (Rus) in 987.

The Jewish people have always believed that they have a special mission from God. They do things in their own ways, such as having special rules about food and eating, not working on the Shabbat, keeping their own holidays, and not marrying people from other religions. Because of this, people in many different times and countries have thought that the Jews were strange, and maybe dangerous. Many countries made laws that the Jews could not work in some jobs or live in some places. Sometimes Jewish people were killed because of their religion. The word "antisemitism" describes the hatred for Jews.

During the 1930s and 1940s, the Nazi, or "National Socialist" government of Germany conquered most of Europe. They did terrible things to the Jewish people. The Nazi government killed more than six million Jewish people. Before they were killed, often by means of a gas chamber, many of the Jews were made to be forced workers, and some of them were forced to help in the killing and capturing of the others. 

In 1948, after World War II, the United Nations made the country of Israel for the Jews in Palestine, which is in the same place as the original Israel, in the Middle East. The land had been part of the Ottoman Empire before World War I. Then Britain controlled the area under the oversight of the United Nations. Many Jews moved back to Israel, then called Palestine, starting in the late 1800s. When the country of Israel was made in 1948, there were about 600,000 Jews in it. Today there are about 5,600,000 Jews in it. 

When Jews moved back to Palestine, there were some people living there now. Most of them did not want to live in a Jewish country. This was the beginning of the Israeli-Arab or Israeli-Palestinian conflict, which continues today.

Jews have come to Israel from all over the world, bringing different languages, music, food, and history to create a unique culture. Israel is the only country in the world where most people are Jews and where Hebrew is the main language.

Jewish history continues today in both Israel and the Diaspora. Outside of Israel, there are many Jews in the United States, Great Britain, Canada, France, Russia, Ukraine, Germany, Argentina, Brazil, South Africa, and Australia. There are smaller numbers of Jews living in other parts of the world. 

Some of the major problems faced by the Jewish people today include resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and dealing with high rates of assimilation (loss of Jewish identity) in some countries, like the United States.

Many Jewish people have done great things in science, literature, business, and the arts. Some of the most famous include:


Gough Whitlam

Edward Gough Whitlam (11 July 1916 – 21 October 2014), known "Gough Whitlam", was an Australian politician. He was the 21st Prime Minister of Australia., and the only Prime Minister to have been dismissed from office by a Governor-General. He was Prime Minister for three years. His Labor Party was elected after 23 years of government by the Liberal-Country Party Coalition, and his government made a lot of new changes. Whitlam is the only Prime Minister who has lived in the lifetime of all the other Prime Ministers. 

Whitlam was born in Kew, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. He studied at the University of Sydney. Whitlam served at the Royal Australian Air Force from 1941 through 1945 during World War II. 

Whitlam became Prime Minister in December 1972. He succeeded William McMahon. His government, for most of the time it lasted, did not have a majority in the Senate (the upper house of the Australian Parliament). This made it hard for Whitlam's government to make laws. The Whitlam government nevertheless made progress in many areas including free health care for everyone, equal rights for women, equal rights for Aboriginal people including the right to own or control land, no more compulsory military service, trade relations with communist China, free tertiary education, and the chance for people with low incomes to get a lawyer to defend their rights. 

In 1975, the government thought about borrowing US$4 billion in foreign loans. One cabinet minister, Rex Connor, had secret discussions with a loan broker from Pakistan. The Treasurer, Jim Cairns, misled parliament over this. Partly as a result, the new leader of the Opposition, Malcolm Fraser, used the Senate to stop giving money to the government until there was an election. This meant that the government had no money with which to pay civil servants and carry out administration. In order to end the crisis, the Governor-General, Sir John Kerr, acting on behalf of Queen Elisabeth II, dismissed Whitlam. That happened only once in Australian history and many people thought it was unjust and undemocratic. Fraser then became the temporary Prime Minister. Whitlam was easily defeated by Fraser in the election that was held a month later.

Whitlam was defeated for a second time by Fraser at the next election in 1977, and resigned from parliament shortly after that. From then until his death in 2014 then he continued to be a very public figure, writing books and often commenting on political affairs.

Whitlam married Margaret Dovey a prominent Australian swimmer and social worker in 1942 and they remained married till her death on 17 March 2012. On 21 October 2014, Whitlam died in Elizabeth Bay, Sydney, New South Wales at the age of 98.

Whitlam is one of the most controversial people in Australia. Many people think of him as a hero while others consider his government to have been inefficient.


John Kerr

Sir John Robert Kerr (24 September 1914 – 24 March 1991) was the 18th Governor-General of Australia from 1974 to 1977. He is famous for dismissing Prime Minister Gough Whitlam in 1975. This is one of the most famous events in Australian history. Even though the Whitlam government was not voted back in after being dismissed, Kerr's actions divided opinion and he continued to be disliked by many people.

Prime Minister Gough Whitlam chose John Kerr to be Governor General in 1974. In 1974–75 the Whitlam government thought about borrowing US$4 billion in foreign loans. A Minister, Rex Connor, had secret discussions with a loan broker from Pakistan. The Treasurer, Jim Cairns, misled parliament about this. This made the new leader of the Opposition, Malcolm Fraser use the Senate to stop passing money for the government until there was an election. Whitlam refused. In 1975 the opposition, led by Malcolm Fraser, blocked government supply in the Senate. This meant that the government had no money. This was a big crisis in Australia. In order to end the crisis, John Kerr dismissed Whitlam and made Fraser the Prime Minister. Whitlam lost the election that was held a month later.

Malcolm Fraser

John Malcolm Fraser AC, CH, GCL, PC (21 May 1930 – 20 March 2015) was an Australian politician. He served as the 22nd Prime Minister of Australia from 11 November 1975 through 11 November 1983. He was also leader of the Liberal Party from 1975 to 1983.

Before being prime minister, Fraser was a member of the Australian Parliament from 1955 through 1983. He served as Minister of Defence from 1966 to 1968 and again from 1969 to 1971 and Minister for Education and Science from 1968 to 1969 and again from 1971 to 1972.

Fraser was born in Toorak, Victoria. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. He married Tamie Beggs in 1956.

As leader of the Liberal Party, he became Prime Minister in November, 1975 when Governor-General, Sir John Kerr, dismissed Gough Whitlam. At this point he was only temporary Prime Minister. He won the election held in December, 1975. He won two more elections in 1977 and 1980 before losing to Bob Hawke in 1983. Fraser married Tamara (Tamie) Beggs in 1956 and the couple have remained married ever since.

His government stopped some of the changes made by the Whitlam government. They also reduced government spending to stop money becoming less valuable. He also supported efforts to abolish racism in South Africa, the boycott of the Moscow Olympics and more immigration from Asian countries.

He has criticised the prime ministership of John Howard who had been his Treasurer from 1977 to 1983.

On 20 March 2015, his office announced that Fraser had died in the early hours of the morning, noting that he had suffered a brief illness in Melbourne, Victoria, aged 84.



Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts

The Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts is an opera house in Toronto, Canada. It was opened on June 14, 2006. It is home to the Canadian Opera Company and the National Ballet of Canada. It is one of the world's most important opera houses. It was designed by Jack Diamond. Its construction uses a lot of new technological ideas. It is in the center of Toronto. People say that the acoustics are excellent (the music can be heard beautifully everywhere in the hall). The subway (underground train) runs just below the building, but inside the trains cannot be heard.

Casino Royale

Casino Royale is the twenty first James Bond movie. It is the first to star Daniel Craig as the secret agent James Bond. It was released on November 17, 2006.


Australian Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (ALP) is one of the two major political parties in Australia. The party was formed in 1891, and is the oldest political party in Australia. It is a social democratic party with strong links to the Trade Union movement. Since 1944, their main opponents have been the Liberal Party. Since the 2022 federal election, the Labor Party became the majority government of Australia with Anthony Albanese as prime minister.

In the state and territory parliaments, Labor currently governs in every state and territory except Tasmania.

In the 1860s the trade unions in Australia began to try to get better wages and working conditions for their members. They were defeated by employers, the legal system, and the governments of the Australian colonies. Workers soon decided that they needed to become active in politics, and make changes through parliament. The first meeting of the ALP is said to have taken place in Barcaldine, Queensland in 1891. A group of shearers, who were involved in a big strike action, held a meeting in the shade of a large ghost gum (eucalyptus) tree, "Corymbia aparrerinja". This tree became known as the "Tree of Knowledge".



Bob Hawke

Robert James Lee Hawke (December 9, 1929 – May 16, 2019) was an Australian politician. From March 11, 1983 to December 20, 1991, he served as the 23rd Prime Minister of Australia as leader of the Australian Labor Party. He was the third longest serving Prime Minister of Australia.

He was a union leader before he entered parliament in 1980. He became leader only a little while before the 1983 election but he defeated Malcolm Fraser. His government made many changes, like the Whitlam government, but did it more slowly and with more planning. His government moved Labor to the right economically. His leadership was challenged twice by Paul Keating. He lost the second time and retired. 

By July 1990, Hawke had overtaken Malcolm Fraser as the second longest-serving Australian Prime Minister but on 21 December 2004 the record was overtaken by John Howard, making Hawke the third longest serving Prime Minister.

Hawke has been married twice. During office, he was married to Hazel Hawke ("née" Masterson), a respected "first lady". Just before Hawke became prime minister, author Blanche d'Alpuget wrote a biography about him. Hawke married d'Alpuget in 1995.

In late December 2018, Hawke revealed that he was in "terrible health". He supported Labor in the upcoming 2019 election and said he "may not witness the party's success". He died on 16 May 2019 in Sydney, at the age of 89. His death happened two days before the election.


Lake Placid

Lake Placid might mean:

1653

1653 was a common year which started on Wednesday.


1549

1549 was a common year.




1544

1544 was a leap year.


1209

1209 is a common year in the 13th century.




Tony Award

The Tony Award (formally, the Antoinette Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre) is an annual award celebrating achievements in live American theater, including musical theater, primarily honoring productions on Broadway in New York. 

To get the Tony Award, a show must play in a "Broadway" theater, which is said by its size, not its geographical location. The rules for the Tony Awards are explained in the official document "Rules and Regulations of The American Theatre Wing's Tony Awards", which applies for each season only.



United Nations Secretary-General

The United Nations Secretary-General is one of the most important people in the United Nations. The Secretary-General is important in international talks. The current Secretary-General is António Guterres.

Petunia

Petunia is a genus of 20 species of plants of South American origin. All of them bear flowers. They are in the Nightshade family, and are related to tobacco. Many people grow them in the garden. Petunias are usually used as annual plants, because they die when the weather becomes cold. They grow best when they are planted in the sun.

Guantánamo

Guantanamo is a city in the southeast of Cuba. It is the capital of the province with the same name. 

About 200,000 people live in the city. Most of them are employed in the production of sugarcane and coffee. The city is 910 km away from Havana, the capital city of Cuba. About 15 km away is Guantanamo Naval Base, on a territory occupied by the United States since 1902.

Jane Goodall

Dame Jane Morris Goodall (; born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall on 3 April 1934), formerly Baroness Jane van Lawick-Goodall, is an English zoologist, primatologist, ethologist and anthropologist. She is also the UN Messenger of Peace. She is the world's foremost expert on chimpanzees. Goodall is best known for her 45-year study of social and family interactions of wild chimpanzees in Gombe Stream National Park, Tanzania. She is the founder of the Jane Goodall Institute and has worked extensively on conservation and animal welfare issues.

Born in London, she has been interested in animals since childhood. As a child she was given a lifelike chimpanzee toy named Jubilee by her father; her fondness for the toy started her early love of animals. The reason the chimpanzee's name is Jubilee is because in 1935 there had been a chimpanzee named Jubilee also that was born in London and all of the zoo's chimps had been born in Africa.

She went to Kenya and met Dr. Louis Leakey there. 
In 1958, Leakey sent Goodall to London to study primate behavior with two experts. 

Leakey raised funds, and in 1960 Goodall went to Gombe Stream National Park, becoming the first of "Leakey's Angels". She was accompanied by her mother whose presence was necessary to satisfy the requirements of David Anstey, chief warden. He was concerned for their safety; Tanzania was ""Tanganyika"" at that time and a British protectorate.

Leakey arranged funding and in 1962 sent Goodall, who had no degree, to Cambridge University where she obtained a PhD degree in Ethology. She became only the eighth person to be allowed to study for a PhD without first obtaining a BA or BSc. Her thesis was completed in 1965, titled "Behavior of the free-ranging Chimpanzee". It told of her first five years of study at the Gombe Reserve.

Goodall has been married twice. On 28 March 1964 she married a Dutch nobleman, wildlife photographer Baron Hugo van Lawick. The couple had a son, Hugo Eric Louis, affectionately known as "Grub," who was born in 1967. They divorced in 1974. 

In 1975 she married Derek Bryceson. He was a member of Tanzania's parliament and director of national parks; he died of cancer in October 1980. With his position in the Tanzanian government as head of the country's national park system, Bryceson was able to protect Goodall's research project. He put an embargo on tourism at Gombe while he was alive.

In addition to the DBE, Jane received many honours from other countries:

Goodall is best known for her study of chimpanzee social and family life. She began studying the Kasakela chimpanzee community in Gombe Stream National Park, Tanzania in 1960.

Instead of numbering the chimpanzees she observed, she gave them names such as Fifi and David Greybeard, and observed them to have unique and individual personalities, an unconventional idea at the time. She found that, “It isn’t only human beings who have personality, who are capable of rational though emotions like joy and sorrow”. 

She also observed behaviours such as hugs, kisses, pats on the back, and even tickling, what we consider 'human' actions. Goodall insists that these gestures are evidence of "the close, supportive, affectionate bonds that develop between family members and other individuals within a community, which can persist throughout a life span of more than 50 years". These findings suggest similarities between humans and chimpanzees can be seen in emotion, intelligence, and family and social relationships.

Goodall’s research at Gombe Stream challenged two long-standing beliefs of the day: that only humans could build and use tools, and that chimpanzees were vegetarians. While observing one chimpanzee feeding at a termite mound, she watched him repeatedly place stalks of grass into termite holes, then remove them from the hole covered with clinging termites, effectively “fishing” for termites. The chimps would also take twigs from trees and strip off the leaves to make the twig more effective, a form of object modification which is the rudimentary beginnings of toolmaking. 

"Man the Toolmaker" is a famous phrase in anthropology. In response to Jane's research, Louis Leakey wrote, "We must now redefine man, redefine tool, or accept chimpanzees as human!" Over the course of her study, Goodall found evidence of mental traits in chimpanzees such as reasoned thought, abstraction, generalization, symbolic representation, and even the concept of self. All these were thought to be uniquely human abilities.

In contrast to the peaceful and affectionate behaviours she observed, Goodall also found a mean side of chimpanzee nature at Gombe Stream. She discovered that chimps will systematically hunt and eat smaller primates such as "Colobus" monkeys. Goodall watched a hunting group isolate a colobus high in a tree, block all possible exits, then one chimpanzee climbed up and captured and killed the colobus. The others then each took parts of the carcass, sharing with other members of the troop in response to begging behaviours. The chimps at Gombe kill and eat as much as "one-third of the colobus population" in the park each year. This alone was a major scientific find which challenged previous conceptions of chimp diet and behavior.

Also startling, and disturbing, was the tendency for aggression and violence "within" chimpanzee troops. Goodall observed dominant females deliberately killing the young of other females in the troop in order to maintain their dominance, sometimes going as far as cannibalism. Goodall saw highly intelligent, emotional creatures living in complex social groups, when other researchers saw non communicating apes.

She says of this revelation, "During the first ten years of the study I had believed […] that the Gombe Stream chimpanzees were, for the most part, rather nicer than human beings, then suddenly we found that chimpanzees could be brutal that they, like us, had a darker side to their nature". These findings revolutionized our knowledge of chimpanzee behaviour. They were further evidence of the social similarities between humans and chimpanzees, albeit in a much darker manner.


Pete Townshend

Peter Dennis Blandford "Pete" Townshend (born 19 May 1945) is an English rock musician, songwriter and author best known as the founder of the band The Who.

Beginning in 1961, he studied graphic design at Ealing Art College. At Ealing, Townshend studied with future Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood and future Queen singer Freddie Mercury.

Townshend is the primary songwriter for The Who and has written over one hundred songs for the band's eleven studio albums including the rock operas "Tommy" and "Quadrophenia" and the popular rock radio staple "Who's Next." Although known mainly as a guitarist he is also an accomplished singer and keyboard player and has played many other instruments including: banjo, accordion, bass guitar and drums.

Townshend has also written many newspaper and magazine articles, books, book reviews, essays and scripts. Townshend was ranked #3 in Dave Marsh's list of best guitarists in "The New Book of Rock Lists" and #50 in Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time."

Aphelion

The aphelion is the point in the orbit of an object where it is farthest from the Sun. The point in the orbit where an object is nearest to the sun is called the perihelion. The word "aphelion" derives from the Greek words, "apo" meaning "away, off, apart" and "Helios". It's an apoapsis of an body in the Solar System.

The Earth's orbit has its aphelion around July the third, at which it is approximately 152.1 million kilometers or 94.5 million miles from the Sun. Due to the workings of the Gregorian calendar, it may be a day or two earlier or later.

Anthony Wagner

Sir Anthony Richard Wagner (6 September, 1908–5 May 1995) was an officer of arms from England. Wagner wrote many books about heraldry. He became Portcullis Pursuivant in 1931 and then served in the Army during World War II. He became Garter King of Arms in 1961 and served until 1978. Wagner was made a knight in 1961. Even though he was blind when he was older, he still served at the College of Arms until he died in 1995.

John Brooke-Little

John Philip Brooke Brooke-Little (6 April 1927–13 February 2006) was an officer of arms from England.

In 1950 he founded "The Coat of Arms" which is the journal of the Heraldry Society of England. 50 years later, for its "Golden Jubilee" the society published a collection of essays called "Tribute to an Armorist" in his honour.



Sodium hydroxide

Sodium hydroxide is an alkali which is also known as caustic soda. Caustic means "burning" and caustic soda takes its name from the way it can burn the skin. It has the chemical formula of NaOH.

It is a base, meaning it has a high pH. It is the most common thing used to raise the pH of solutions; for example, to neutralize an acid.

As a solid, the alkali is deliquescent and readily absorbs moisture and carbon dioxide from the air. It dissolves easily in water, and makes the water warm when this happens. Sodium hydroxide is used as a solution called lye to make soap. Lye is also used to unclog drains. Its dissolving properties and its ability to easily break surface tension are fundamental for its uses. It works in two ways. First, it combines with grease to make soap. Second, it dissolves hair (which is soluble in any basic solution).

Sodium hydroxide can be made (with chlorine and hydrogen) using the chloralkali process. A solution of sodium chloride is electrolyzed and sodium hydroxide is made around the cathode, where water is reduced to hydrogen gas and hydroxide ion. The hydrogen is released and the hydroxide bonds with the sodium to make sodium hydroxide. Special care is required to prepare a solution of sodium hydroxide or NaOH in water because considerable heat is liberated by the exothermic reaction. The solution may splatter or boil.

Condoleezza Rice

Condoleezza Rice (born November 14, 1954 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an American Republican politician, She was the 66th United States Secretary of State. She was the second Secretary of State under former President George W. Bush. She took over from Colin Powell on January 26, 2005, after he stepped down. Rice was the first African American woman, second African American (after Powell), and second woman (after Madeleine Albright) to serve as Secretary of State. Her educator was Josef Korbel, he inspired her.

Condoleeza was born at Holy Family Community Hospital in Birmingham, Alabama, She is only child of John W. Rice. Jr is a High School Guidance Counselor and Angelena Ray is High School Teacher, She has study at St. Mary's Academy, Bachelor of Arts at University of Denver, Doctor of Philosophy at University of Denver and Aspen Music Festival and School 

Before she became Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice was Bush's National Security Advisor during his first term (2001–2005). Before she did this, she was a Professor of political science at Stanford University from 1993 to 1999, where she also was the Provost.

Rice was in the 2011 documentary "Miss Representation".

Rice was a Democrat until 1982. She then changed to Republican because she did not agree with the foreign policy of Democratic President Jimmy Carter and because her father was Republican.

Rice was the United States National Security Advisor to President George W. Bush during the September 11 attacks.

 

Paul Williams

Paul Williams can be:
 
Decidability theory

Decidability theory is a branch of mathematics. Suppose there is a set, and there is an element. There is also an algorithm. The algorithm will simply check if the element belongs to the set or not. If the algorithm stops (after a limited time) and has reached a decision, if the element is in the set or not, this is called decidable.

In simple terms, if there is a shopping bag, decidability is that one is able to check whether or not there is some salad in the bag.

Some logical problems cannot be decided that way ("This statement is false"). They are called undecidable

There is a weaker property too, called semidecidable. A set is called semidecidable (or recursively enumerable), if there is an algorithm that lists its elements out.

Ground

Ground is a common word for the surface of the Earth. It is dirt and rocks that we walk on. Ground in electrical language is the Earth's electrical charge. Compare the voltage to ground to measure the voltage.

John Grisham

John Ray Grisham Jr. (born February 8, 1955) is an American politician, lawyer, and writer.

He was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas. His father worked as a construction worker and a cotton farmer. After moving often, the family settled in 1967 in the town of Southaven in De Soto County, Mississippi, and he graduated from Southaven High School. Young Grisham loved to read. In 1977, Grisham received a degree from Mississippi State University. He earned his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981. After leaving law school, he entered a small-town general law practice for nearly 10 years in Southaven, MS where he paid a lot of attention on criminal law and civil law.

In 1983, he was elected as a Democrat to the Mississippi House of Representatives, where he served until 1990. During this time, he continued his private law practice in Southaven.

In 1984 at the De Soto County courthouse in Hernando, Grisham witnessed the testimony of a 12-year-old girl who was raped. In his spare time, Grisham began work on his first novel, which explored what would have happened if the girl's father had murdered her attackers. He spent three years on "A Time to Kill" and finished it in 1987. The book was bought by Wynwood Press, which published it in June 1988.

The day after Grisham finished "A Time to Kill", he began work on another novel, the story of a young attorney lured to what seemed to be a perfect law firm. That second book, "The Firm", became the bestselling novel of 1991. Grisham then went on to write at least one work a year, most of them popular bestsellers. 

Grisham has been declared "the bestselling novelist of the 90s," selling a total of 60,742,288 copies. Grisham's 1992 novel "The Pelican Brief" sold 11,232,480 books in the United States alone, making it the bestselling novel of the decade and the only novel to sell ten million books or more during a period of 10 years.




Construction worker

A construction worker is someone whose job is to work on a construction site where structures such as bridges or houses are being built. Construction workers use many types of tools (such as shovels and wrenches) and operate machines and vehicles such as trucks and bulldozers. Working as a construction worker can be dangerous, because a person could fall, or have a heavy object fall on them. Construction workers have to wear safety clothing to protect themselves, such as leather work boots with a metal toe, plastic construction hats or helmets, and goggles to protect their eyes. Many construction workers also wear brightly coloured orange safety vests, so that drivers and other construction workers will be able to see them.

Examples of structures are:

Also built on construction sites are:

Never Mind the Buzzcocks

Never Mind the Buzzcocks is a British television game show on channel BBC Two. It was first presented by Mark Lamarr, then a different person each episode, then Simon Amstell, then different people again and finally Rhod Gilbert. The left team is captained by Phill Jupitus. The right team was captained by Sean Hughes, then Bill Bailey, then different people for each episode and finally by Noel Fielding.

Bayreuth

Bayreuth ( ] or ]; ]; Bavarian "Bareid"; East Franconian: "Baraid") is a town in northern Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of Upper Franconia. About 74,000 people live there. Bayreuth is internationally famous for the Bayreuth Festival (), a festival for the music of Richard Wagner. Nearby bigger cities are Coburg, Bamberg, Hof and Nuremberg. Bayreuth has a university, the University of Bayreuth.

Bayreuth has a lot of sights and historical buildings which are usually visited by many tourists, especially at the time of the Bayreuth Festival. You can find sights such as the New Palace ("Neues Schloss"), Bayreuth Festspielhaus, Eremitage, Spitalkirche, The Old Castle, Margravial Opera House, and Wahnfried. Most of the sights have been built in the 18th century and the 19th century. The most popular sight in Bayreuth is the Bayreuth Festspielhaus, which is a major opera building located north of Bayreuth.

Ragnarök

In Norse mythology, Ragnarök which in Old Norse translates to "Doom of the Gods" is the battle at the end of the world. It is to be fought between the gods or Æsir, led by Odin; and the fire giants, the Jötnar and other monsters, led by Loki and Surtr. Not only will most of the gods, giants, and monsters die in this battle, but almost everything in the universe will be destroyed.

The following battles will be fought:

After these gods die, Surtr will alight the world in flames, until a flood finally covers the world.

Hoenir, Magni, Modi, Njord, Vidar, Vali, and the daughter of Sol are all stated to survive Ragnarok. All of the remaining Æsir then reunite at Ithavllir. Baldr and Hod return from the underworld - Baldr having been killed by Hod, and Hod by Vali, before Ragnarok. Hoenir either makes slots for divination or receives a wand for divination, depending on the translation. Vidar - who avenges Odin - and Vali are unharmed by Surtr's fire or the flood. Magni and Modi who will wield their father's (Thor) hammer, Mjolnir, will also live. Njord is stated to return to Vanaheim at "the doom of man", which has been interpreted as Ragnarok. Sol (who dies) gives birth to a daughter who will follow her path in the new world.

There are some beings whose fate after Ragnarok is uncertain. Nidhhoggr is stated to fly with darkness under him and corpses on his back at the end of the Voluspa. This has been noted to not fit well with the theme of the last stanza, in which all of the old and bad has been burnt, and a new world with only good will rise of the waters. The last stanza has seen this interpreted differently, with some having Nidhoggr as the last remaining evil in the new world, and others stating that Nidhhoggr will rise one more time but then fall back to the ground, meaning evil has been defeated and all is good in the new world.

Additionally, the dwarfs are stated to be in their "stone doors". This has been interpreted as meaning that the dwarfs are stuck in their mountain homes or structures, which are going to fall - but that they are unable to leave, as they will turn to stone if they do.

Jörmungandr

Jörmungandr (Old Norse: "Jǫrmungandr" - "huge monster"), also known as the Midgard Serpent (Old Norse: "Miðgarðsormr"), is a sea serpent, the middle child of Loki and the giantess Angrboða. According to the "Prose Edda", Odin took Loki's three children by Angrboða (the wolf Fenrir, Hel, and Jörmungandr) and tossed Jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles Midgard. The serpent grew so large that it was able to surround the Earth and grasp its own tail, receiving the name of the Midgard Serpent as a result. Upon the onset of Ragnarök, Jörmungandr will release its tail, as he is met in battle by his arch-enemy, Thor, god of thunder.

Hof, Bavaria

Hof is a German city in the north of Franconia. The next bigger cities are Coburg, Bayreuth and Chemnitz. The population of Hof is 44,000.

It is surrounded by, but not part of, the district of Hof, so it has its own local council.

Pancake

Pancakes (also called "griddlecakes", "hotcakes" or "flapjacks") are a kind of bread made on a frying pan. They are baked in different ways, such as thin French "crêpes" or Vermont-style multigrain pancakes. Although it is mainly called "pancake" in the English speaking countries and it is thin dough, in Mexico, it is called "hotcake" and it is often thick dough. Most pancakes are quick breads that use baking powder, although some are also made using a yeast-raised or fermented batter.

In many different places, pancakes are served as breakfast or dessert, and they are served with sweet sauces or toppings such as maple syrup, jam, or sugar. Pancakes are also served with savory (non-sweet) fillings and toppings such as meat pie.
Some pancakes have a leavening agent (something that makes the pancake rise while cooking), usually baking powder, eggs, flour, and milk, which makes a thick batter. This batter is either spooned or poured onto a hot surface which is coated in cooking oil or melted butter. The batter spreads to make a cake about 1/4 or 1/3 inch (1 cm) thick. The raising agent makes bubbles rise to the uncooked side of the pancake, where now the pancake is ready to be flipped (turned over).

At the end, the pancakes are very light in texture and are often served at breakfast topped with maple syrup, butter, or fruit. Vermont pancakes usually have a secondary grain added to the wheat flour, either oatmeal or buckwheat flour. Both of these recipes need more baking powder to leaven. In these pancakes, the texture is coarser, and the flavor is deeper, rather like toasted nuts.

Some pancakes served in restaurants are 3 to 4 pancakes of more or less 14 cm (5 inch) diameter. A smaller number may be ordered by asking for a "silver dollar" pancake is the same as a pancake about 7 cm (3 inches) in diameter - these pancakes are usually served in groups of five or ten. 
British pancakes have three main ingredients: white flour, eggs, and milk. Some people also add melted butter to the batter. The batter is quite runny and makes a thin layer on the bottom of the frying pan when the pan is tipped to one side. It may form some colours during cooking, which result in a dark pancake with pale spots where the mix was, but the pancake does not rise. British pancakes don't rise as much as other pancakes because they have a different recipe.

These pancakes may be eaten with the traditional topping of lemon juice and sugar, or wrapped around savory stuffing and eaten as a main course. When baked instead of fried, this batter rises (even though it has no raising agents such as baking powder, it rises because the air beaten into the batter expands) and is known as Yorkshire pudding. British pancakes are similar to French "crêpes", and Italian "crespelle", but do not look "lacy".

However, in Scotland pancakes, known as Scotch pancakes or drop scones in the rest of Britain, are more like the American variation and are served as such (see below). Scotch pancakes often have sugar in the batter.

Scottish pancake and fruit crumpet. Pancakes similar to the North American pancake but smaller (usually about 3.5 in / 9 cm across) are known in the British Isles as Scotch pancakes or (after the traditional method of dropping batter onto a griddle) drop-scones, and in Australia and New Zealand as pikelets. They can be served with jam and cream or just with butter. In the U.S. these are known as "silver dollar pancakes" because each pancake is about the size of an old-style U.S. silver dollar (with Eisenhower on the face, no longer minted).

In Scotland, they are rarely served for breakfast, but are usually served for dessert. They are available plain, or as a fruit pancake with raisins baked in, and larger thinner crumpets are made from the same recipe by watering down the mix. The griddle is generally called a girdle in Scotland.

French crêpes, popular in France, the French-speaking Canadian province of Quebec, and Brazil (where they are usually called pancake, or only crêpe) are made from flour, milk, and a relatively large proportion of eggs (compared with other types of pancakes). Due to their thinness, they are usually served with a filling such as fruit or ice cream. Maple syrup or other sweetened sauces are sometimes served with crêpes. Crêpes are also served as a dinner meal, by filling them with seafood or other meats.

Crêpes made out of buckwheat flour are known as galettes.

German pancakes often served in American pancake houses, are shaped like a bowl. They come in a variety of sizes, some quite large and nearly impossible for one person to finish. They are commonly eaten with lemons and powdered sugar, although jam is sometimes used as well. The pancakes eaten in Germany, however, are of the British variety. They are called Pfannkuchen, although in some areas (Berlin, Brandenburg, Saxonia) that is instead the local name for Berliner, a type of doughnut. Pancakes are called Eierkuchen (meaning "egg cake") there. In Swabia, cut pancakes (Flädle) are a traditional soup ingredient.

In Austria, pancakes are called Palatschinken, a word which comes from Latin "placenta" by way of Romanian, and are usually filled with apricot jam but are also known to have a pleasing taste filled with a chocolate sauce or hazel nut spread. Similar pancakes with similar names can be found throughout the former Austria-Hungary (today Austria, Bosnia, Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia and Serbia), (see Palatschinken). In Central Europe, there are also very popular pancakes called 321, which are prepared very quickly and easily. The recipe consists of three ingredients: 3 eggs, 2 cups of milk, and 1 cup of plain flour. 

Scandinavian pancakes are similar to British pancakes. They are traditionally served with jam and/or ice cream or whipped cream, although they may also be served as a main dish with a variety of savoury fillings. Traditional Swedish variations can be somewhat exotic. Some resemble British pancakes with a tiny diameter; these are called plättar, and they are fried several at a time in a special pan.

Others are like German pancakes but include fried pork in the batter; these are cooked in an oven. There are also potato pancakes, called raggmunk. These contain shredded raw potato and, sometimes, other vegetables. If the actual pancake batter is left out, the fried cakes of grated potatoes are called rårakor. Both the last two kinds are eaten traditionally with pork rinds and/or lingonberry jam.

Vegan pancakes are not associated with any nationality, however they are a different and popular type of pancake. Vegan pancakes try to be like the American pancake by using direct substitutes such as egg substitute and soy milk. However, some kinds use baking soda and occasionally a small amount of vinegar as raising agents.

In Malaysia and Singapore a pancake-like snack is made with a filling, usually cheese or kaya but occasionally bean paste, ground peanut, blueberry or custard. There are other interesting variations, such as those made with soya bean replacing some of the flour. More commonly seen are serabis, pancakes made with rice flour and coconut milk and smothered with a sauce made from coconut milk and palm sugar (or brown sugar).

In Russia, Poland, Lithuania and Ukraine, blintz and blini are made from wheat or buckwheat flour, yeast, butter, eggs and milk. Blini come from the French crêpes which were introduced during before the time of the Soviet Union.

In Mexico they are generally called "hot cakes" rather than "pancakes". They are similar in style to pancakes served in the U.S. but are perhaps more likely to mix or replace wheat flour with corn. As well as being a popular breakfast at restaurants in all parts of the country, "hotcakes" are often sold on the streets of Mexico City and other cities and during the local celebrations of small towns at all hours of the day and night. These vendors sell a single cake topped with some kind of sweet sauce.

In Ethiopia, injera is made from a fermented sourdough batter of buckwheat or the more traditional teff. Unlike North American and European pancakes, the injera is not served with sweet sauces or sugar. Instead, it is served with meat sauce, vegetables, and cooked eggs.

In Hungary, palacsinta are made from flour, milk and soda water, sugar, and eggs. They are served as a main dish. They are also served as a dessert. However, this depends on the filling. Sweet wine can also be added to the batter.
In Italy, cannelloni are made from pancake batter or noodle dough. They are then filled, covered with cheese, and baked.

In the Middle East, pita is made from flour and yeast.In India, dosa are made from rice flour and fried in a skillet. In Chinese cooking, green onion pancakes are the thin pancakes made with buckwheat flour and green onions, served with moo shu dishes. In Egypt, katief is made. In Venezuela, pancakes are topped with butter and white cheese.

In Japan, Dorayaki is popular and it's like a sweet sandwich with bean paste and two pancake-like patties of castella.

Most types of pancake, (but not the Breton galette), are cooked one side at a time and flipped (turned over) by the cook halfway through. Tossing a pancake well can be quite difficult, but good cooks become very good at it, tossing them high in the air.

North American pancakes can be made sweet or savoury by adding foods like blueberries, strawberries, cheese or bacon to the batter; bananas or chocolate chips are sometimes dipped in the batter too. British pancakes can be stuffed (put things in the middle) after cooking with a wide variety of sweet or savoury fillings. Both are often sweetened after cooking by pouring on syrup or sprinkling with powdered sugar.

In Canada and the United States, the pancake is usually a breakfast food made in a person's home. Pancakes are also served at restaurants and diners.

In Britain, pancakes are eaten as a dessert, or served savoury with a main meal. They are also traditionally eaten on Shrove Tuesday which is also known as "Pancake Day". (Shrove Tuesday is better known in the United States, France and other countries as Mardi Gras or Fat Tuesday.) According to tradition, this used to be done in order to use up the last of the fat and rich foods before Lent which was a time when people did not eat rich foods. Charity or school events are often organised on Pancake Day.

In the Netherlands pancakes are called pannekoeken and eaten at dinner. Pancake restaurants are popular family restaurants and serve many varieties of sweet, savoury, and stuffed pancakes. The Netherlands also has another kind of pancake called "poffertjes". Each poffertje is quite small. They are cooked on a large griddle with lots of holes for each poffertje. The cook pours the batter quickly into all the holes by pouring up and down the rows. When they are cooked,several poffertjes are put on a plate and sprinkled with icing sugar and melted butter. There is often a poffertje stall at Dutch markets.

In Sweden and in Finland it is traditional to eat yellow pea soup followed by pancakes on Thursdays. A smaller pancake, often called a "silver dollar" pancake, is sometimes used to make hors d'oeuvres in place of crackers or other bread-like items.

Banana pancakes are a popular item in Western-oriented backpackers' cafes in many Asian countries such as Thailand, Vietnam, India, and China.

1657

1657 was a common year which started on Monday.



1587

1587 was a common year which started on Thursday.



1538

1538 was a common year which started on Tuesday.


1486

The year 1486 was a common year which started on Sunday.


1481

1481 was a common year.

1474

1474 was a year starting on a Saturday.

The Treaty of Utrecht was signed ending the Anglo-Hanseatic War in February



1040s

The 1040s was a decade that began on 1 January 1040 and ended on 31 December 1049.


1030s

The 1030s is the fourth decade of the 11th century.






1020s

The 1020s was the third decade of the 11th century.



1487

1487 was a common year which started on Monday.





1296

The year 1296 was a leap year which started on a Saturday.



1293

1293 was a common year.


1214

1214 is a year in the 13th century.




File

File has several meanings:


Labium

Labium (plural "labia") is a Latin-derived term meaning "Lip". "Labium" and its derivatives (including labia, labial, labrum and "labellum") are used to describe any lip-like structure, but in the English language, "labium" often specifically refers to parts of the vulva.

A variant of the word, "labellum" (plural: "labella"), is used by people studying entomology and botany. 

Rete testis

Rete testis is a network of small tubules found in the part of the testicle that carries sperm. They can sometimes get cysts.

The rete testis have concentrated sperm and fluid in them, and they help the epididymis to absorb this fluid. If the fluid is not absorbed, the person can be infertile.


1st century BC

The 1st century BC started on January 1, 100 BC and ended on December 31, 1 BC. An alternative name for this century is the last century BC. The AD/BC notation does not use a year zero. Scientific notation does, however, use a minus sign, so '2 BC' is equal to 'year −1'.


Popular

Popular may refer to:


Record

Record can mean:


Monarchy of the United Kingdom

The Monarch of the United Kingdom is the head of state of United Kingdom and formal head of Church of England. The current monarch is Charles III who has reigned since 2022. The king is currently the head of the UK and 15 other nations known as the Commonwealth realms.


The royal household changed its name to Saxe-Coburg-Gotha after Queen Victoria married Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, but Victoria stayed part of the House of Hanover. With monarchs it started in 1901. The name was changed in 1917 by George V.


In 1917 King George V changed the royal house's name to Windsor because the United Kingdom was at war with Germany and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha is a German name. 


In 1922 Ireland was split into the future Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. Northern Ireland stayed part of the United Kingdom. However, the name was not changed until 5 years later and George V continued to be King of Ireland until he died ("of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas, King, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India").

Cosplay

Cosplay can be divided into two parts, basic cosplay and masquerade cosplay. Both types of cosplay involve trying to physically look like the character, including speaking like the character and memorizing quotes. Masquerading, or "The Masquerade," usually refers to a cosplay competition where cosplayers demonstrate their skills in creating costumes, putting on skits, and in technical matters.

Even though cosplaying comes from Japan, there are a number of cosplay communities in Malaysia, China, the United States, UK, Indonesia, and the Philippines, because of the popularity of Japanese animation, movies, and popular culture in those countries.

Cosplay communities often hold events such as parties and conventions. Some of the best cosplayers can be famous amongst otaku.

Las Vegas algorithm

A Las Vegas algorithm is an algorithm that uses randomness which has the consequence that the algorithm terminates with probability $p<1$. If the algorithm does terminate then it does so with a correct result (unlike a Monte Carlo algorithm which definitely terminates but with a result that is only correct with probability $p<1$). The algorithm gambles with the resources used. It may take a very long times to give back a result, or it may not give back a result at all.

A simple example would be a version of the Quicksort. Quicksort is used to quickly sort things (mostly numbers). For this, each element is compared to a central element (called "pivot"). Depending on how this element is selected the sorting can take more time or less.

Most often, a Las Vegas algorithm is used to pick the pivot randomly.

Factorial

The factorial of a whole number formula_1, written as formula_2 or formula_1, is found by multiplying formula_1 by all the whole numbers less than it. For example, the factorial of 4 is 24, because formula_5. Hence one can write formula_6. For some technical reasons, formula_7 is equal to formula_8.

Factorials can be used to find out how many possible ways there are to arrange formula_1 objects.

For example, if there are 3 letters (A, B, and C), they can be arranged as ABC, ACB, BAC, BCA, CAB, and CBA. This results in 6 choices, as A can be put in 3 different places, B has 2 choices left after A is placed, and C has only one choice left after A and B are placed. In other words, formula_10 choices.

The factorial function is a good example of recursion (doing things over and over), as formula_11 can be written as formula_12, which can be written as formula_13 and finally as formula_14. Because of this, formula_2 can also be defined as formula_16, with formula_17

The factorial function grows very fast. There are formula_18 ways to arrange 10 items.

The earliest uses of the factorial function involve counting permutations: there are formula_2 different ways of arranging formula_1 distinct objects into a sequence. Factorials appear more broadly in many formulas in combinatorics, to account for different orderings of objects. For instance the binomial coefficients formula_21 count the combinations (subsets of from a set with and can be computed from factorials using the formula
formula_22

Several other integer sequences are similar to or related to the factorials:


Factorials are not defined for negative integers. However, the related gamma function (formula_24) is defined over the real and complex numbers (except for negative integers).



Database

A database is a computer system for storing and taking care of data (any kind of information).

When the software that runs a database is separate from the programs that use the database, it is called a database engine.

Information stored inside a database is usually stored in an organized way. Data about a person that would have been written on a piece of paper before databases would be stored in a record in a database. A collection of person records that would have been an address book before databases would be stored in a file or table.

Uses for database systems include:

In most databases, data can change. This also means, that in many cases, changing the data needs to be done in several steps. This is because the data is often stored in more than one tables or files that need to work together to make sense. In many cases all the steps that are needed for a given change are grouped in what is called a transaction. If something goes wrong, all the steps are undone. Being undone is another way of saying the transaction was "rolled back". If all the steps are successful, they can be made a permanent part of the database. People talk about a transaction being "committed". Both rollback and commit affect all the steps in a transaction.

The reason why a transaction is rolled back could be that the user or program did not want to finish the change. It could also mean that there is a problem. The database system itself might have a problem during the change. The change might break the rules of the data.

In order to be able to do this, many databases follow the ACID principle:
Most relational databases follow the ACID principle. ACID is expensive, which means that it takes the system enough time and other things to do it that it that some systems might not be able to. Because it is expensive, many database systems that are not relational databases don't use the ACID principle.
Around the year 2000, Eric Brewer presented what he called the CAP theorem. It is not as strong as the ACID principle, but many larger, distributed databases use it. Eric Brewer states that any distributed data store can provide only two of the following three guarantees:
When they talked about the CAP theorem, people also often mentioned the term eventual consistency. It means that sooner or later, the data will be consistent, if there's enough time without writes, or errors.

There are different ways how to represent the data.

Data can be looked at from different perspectives, and it can be organized in different ways.

Database Normalisation was developed to organize data. Currently there are six Normal forms. These are ways to make some databases faster and make the data take less space.

An example of database normalization is storing a person's address in one place, and linking that address to all the other records about that person. When the address is updated in the one place it is stored, all the other records will be linked to the new address automatically.


Lichtenfels

Lichtenfels may refer to:




Neustadt bei Coburg

Neustadt bei Coburg is a German city in the North of Franconia. It has an population of about 17,000. It is near Coburg. Its mayor is Frank Rebhan (SPD).


Next important traffic routes are in Coburg.

Kronach

Kronach is a town in Upper Franconia, Germany, in the Frankenwald area. It is the capital of the district Kronach.

Kronach is at the southwestern edge of the Franconian Forest. The rivers Haßlach, Kronach and Rodach unite in Kronach.

Kronach is divided into the following districts:

Kronach is twinned with:


Rödental

Rödental is a German town in the north of Franconia. There are about 14,000 people living in Rödental. Rödental and Coburg have grown together like one city. The mayor of Rödental is Gerhard Preß.

Rocko's Modern Life

Rocko's Modern Life is an American animated sitcom television series that aired on Nickelodeon from 1993 to 2006. A comic book series based on the cartoon was made by Marvel Comics the following year. The television special, was released in 2019.

Its characters included an Australian wallaby named Rocko, his dog Spunky, his best friend Heffer, a turtle named Filbert, and his not-so-friendly neighbors Mr. and Mrs. Bighead. The show's story line was based on Rocko's everyday life.

Rocko was voiced by Carlos Alazraqui.

Jörð

Jörð (or Jord) is a giantess (jötun) and goddess in Norse mythology. Her name means "earth". She is also called Fjörgyn.

Jörð is the wife of Odin, king of the gods, and the mother of Thor. Her parents are Annar and Nótt.

Snorri Sturluson says Jörð was included among the Asynjur. Her name occurs most often in Skaldic and Eddic poetry in phrases that refer to Thor as "the son of Jörð". There is some confusion, however, because in some parts of the Poetic Edda the word "Fjörgyn" appears in phrases referring to Thor, such as in the poem "Voluspa", where Thor is described as "the son of Fjörgyn". Scholars explain the confusion by pointing out that Fjörgyn, as an Old Norse noun, means "earth" when used in the feminine form.

Asgard

Asgard (Old Norse: "Ásgarðr" - “Enclosure of the Æsir; Court of the Ás”) is one of the Nine Realms in Norse mythology, home to the tribe of deities known as the Æsir. Asgard lies at the top of Yggdrasill’s highest branches, and the only thing connecting Asgard to Midgard is the mystical rainbow bridge Bifröst. 

At the center of Asgard lies the bountiful field of Iðavöllr; there the Æsir meet to feast, make revelry, and discuss important issues. The male gods meet in a hall called Glaðsheimr, the goddesses in the hall Vingólf. *According to the poem "Grímnismál" (as found in the Poetic Edda), Glaðsheimr is the field in which Valhalla was located.

In the science fiction series Stargate SG-1 and its spinoff series, "Stargate Atlantis", "Asgard" is the name of a highly advanced, fictional race of beings who are extraterrestrial in origin. 

Asgard appears frequently in Marvel Comics. Similar to the original mythological location, it is one of the Nine Realms, home to a race of beings known as the Asgardians, whom the Germanic peoples (in particular Norsemen) once worshipped as gods. It is often seen and referenced in both film, and television shows.


Midgard

Midgard is an old Germanic name for our world. Midgard means "middle enclosure". It is where the term "Middle Earth" comes from. The term is an English version of the Old Norse language.

Midgard is a realm in Norse mythology. It is the home of mortals. Midgard is surrounded by a world of water or ocean. The ocean is inhabited by the great sea serpent Jörmungandr. It is a world between Asgard, the land of the gods (Aesir) and Helheim (Hel), the land of the dead. Midgard was connected to Asgard by the Bifrost Bridge, which is guarded by the god Heimdall.

According to mythology, Midgard will be destroyed in Ragnarök, the battle at the end of the world. Jörmungandr will arise from the ocean. He will poison the land and sea. The final battle will take place on the plain of Vigrond. Midgard and almost all life on it will be destroyed, with the earth sinking into the sea.

Alien (movie)

Alien is a 1979 British-American science fiction–horror movie directed by Ridley Scott. It is called a science fiction movie because the story takes place in outer space, and there are alien creatures. The movie's title refers to a highly aggressive (angry) and intelligent extraterrestrial (alien creature) that attacks and kills the crew of the spaceship "Nostromo". The movie stars Sigourney Weaver as Ellen Ripley, Tom Skerritt as Captain Dallas, and Ian Holm as Ash.

The extraterrestrials in the movies are usually called Xenomorphs.

"Alien" was a box office success (it made a lot of money). It led to a successful Hollywood franchise of books, video games, merchandise, and three official sequels (follow-ups). Along with launching the career of actress Sigourney Weaver, the movie is credited as being the first action movie to have a strong female heroine.

There are three sequels to this movie: "Aliens" (1986), "Alien³" (1992), "" (1997), and a cross-overs: "Alien vs. Predator" (2004) and "Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem" (2007).

The famous tagline (slogan) for the movie was: "In space no one can hear you scream."


Isabella of Castile

Isabella of Castile (22 April 1451 – 26 November 1504) was a queen of Castile and León. She was the daughter of John II of Castile and his second wife Isabel of Portugal. 

Her brother, Enrique IV, who was the king of Castile, wanted her to marry her off. She wanted to marry someone from Portugal to make a political ally. She secretly married Ferdinand II of Aragon in 1469, and had five children with him. The youngest was Catherine of Aragon, who married Henry VIII of England in 1509. Isabella was the grandmother of Carlos I of Spain (Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor). 

When Isabella’s brother died, she was supposed to be the new queen. Her brother Enriques’s daughter, Juana, wanted to become queen instead. After a war, Isabella became queen. At the same time, Isabella’s husband, Ferdinand, became king of Aragon. They united the lands of Castile and Aragon into present-day Spain. Isabella helped pay for four of Christopher Columbus’ trips to find the Americas. In their time, the Americas were called “The New World”. She signed a truce in 1492 that made Spain a Christian country. After she died, her daughter Joanna of Castile became queen. 


1911 Revolution

The Xinhai Revolution was a revolution in China in 1911. It consisted of many revolts and rebellions. At the end of the Xinhai Revolution the last emperor, Puyi, abdicated. China changed from a monarchy to a republic.

Basque

Basque might mean:

Sonneberg

Sonneberg is a German city in the south of Thuringia. The nearest large city is Coburg. The population of Sonneberg is about 20,000 people. The mayor of the city is Sibylle Abel.






Hildburghausen

Hildburghausen is a German town in the south of Thuringia. The next towns in size are Suhl and Coburg. Its population is ca. 13,000. Its mayor is Steffen Harzer.


Haßfurt

Haßfurt (; English: Hassfurt) is a town in Bavaria, Germany, capital of the Haßberge district. It is on the river Main, 20 km east of Schweinfurt and 30 km northwest of Bamberg.

Eisfeld

Eisfeld is a German city in the south of Thuringia. The next bigger cities are Hildburghausen and Coburg. Its population was about 7500 in 2020. The current mayor is Kerstin Heintz.



The next important airports and train stations are in Coburg

Bad Colberg-Heldburg

Bad Colberg-Heldburg is a German city in the south of Thuringia. It is near the Franconian city of Coburg. The population is 2,260. The mayor is Anita Schwarz. Before 1993, there were eight different municipalities (villages, cities) that merged into the current city.

Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the town Heldburg.


Schleusingen

Schleusingen is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is north of Hildburghausen, and southeast of Suhl.

The population of Schleusingen is about 6,000. The mayor of the city is Klaus Brodführer.




Ummerstadt

Ummerstadt is a German city in the south of Thuringia. Larger cities nearby are Hildburghausen and Coburg. With a population of 527, it's one of the smallest towns in Germany. The mayor of Ummerstadt is Christine Bardin.

Seßlach

Seßlach is a German city in the north of Franconia. The nearest large cities are Coburg and Ebern. The population of Seßlach is about 4,000. The mayor of the city is Hendrik Dressel. The movies "Luther" and "Der Räuber Hotzenplotz" were made there.

Ebern

Ebern is a town in Haßberge, Bavaria, Germany. It is southwest of Coburg and northwest of Bamberg. Its population is about 8,000. Its mayor is Robert Herrmann.

Its name comes from , the German word for boar.

The borough of Ebern covers an area of within which are 18 villages as well as the town of Ebern itself.

The legend is that one day two hunters were chasing a wild boar. It was finally hit, but with two spears, one from each of the hunters. They could not decide who threw the spear that caused the boar to die. The boar finally broke down exactly at the border between Seßlach and Ebern, with its head in Ebern, and its body in Seßlach, so they divided it. That is why the town Ebern is named after the boar, and the town's flag carries the head of the boar.

Bad Staffelstein

Bad Staffelstein is a small town in the Bavarian Administrative Region of Upper Franconia in Germany. It has about 10,000 residents.

The municipal territory of Bad Staffelstein extends on both sides of the Main river. It is northeast of Bamberg in Lichtenfels.

Bad Staffelstein consists of the following "Stadtteile":




Ludwigsstadt

Ludwigsstadt is a town in Kronach, in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the valley of the Loquitz River, a tributary of the Saale, in the Thuringian-Franconian Highlands of the Thuringian Slate Mountains and the Franconian Forest mountain ranges. Being north of Kronach, the Bavarian border with the state of Thuringia runs about north of the town centre, with Thuringian Saalfeld in a distance of c. down the Loquitz. Ludwigsstadt is the only municipality of the State of Bavaria north of the Rennsteig ridge.

Teuschnitz

Teuschnitz () is a town in Kronach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Frankenwald, 19 km north of Kronach, and 15 km east of Sonneberg.

Wallenfels

Wallenfels is a town in Kronach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Frankenwald, 11 km east of Kronach, and 32 km west of Hof.

It is a twin town of Bingham, Nottinghamshire, England.

Wallenfels is on the B 173, between Hof and Coburg. Bordering communities are Kronach, Marktrodach, Schwarzenbach am Wald, and Presseck.

Steinach

Steinach is a German ski city in the south of Thuringia. Larger cities nearby are Coburg and Sonneberg. The population of Steinach is about 4,500 people. The mayor of the city is Ulrich Kurtz.

Lauscha

Lauscha is a German city in Thuringia. Next bigger cities are Sonneberg and Coburg. Its population is ca 4,000. Its mayor is Norbert Zitzmann.

Lauscha is in the middle of the Thuringian forest.

Neuhaus am Rennweg

Neuhaus am Rennweg is a German ski city in the south of Thuringia. Bigger cities close by are Sonneberg and Coburg. Its population is about 6,000. Its mayor is Marianne Reichelt.

Themar

Themar is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in the south of Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Werra, 11 km northwest of Hildburghausen, and 14 km southwest of Suhl.

It was first named in 796 as "Tagamari" and today Themar consists out of the districts Wachenbrunn and Tachbach, with a population of about 2,900 inhabitants. The town church is the St Bartholomew's Church. 
The mayor of Themar since 2000 is Hubert Böse. 



In the last 5 years Themar has invested in sustainable energy production systems. A small local heat network was installed with a cogeneration unit of 15 kW electric and 30 kW thermal energy. Also photovoltaics (6 kWp) and a heat pump (20 kW) which is using the water and thermal energy from the river Werra have been established. These renovations were completed in March 2019. In total Themar is saving carbon dioxide emissions of 14,200 kg per year. 

Schalkau

Schalkau is a German town in the south of Thuringia. Schalkau is in the district of Sonneberg, in Thuringia, Germany. It is west of Sonneberg, and north of Coburg.

The population of Schalkau is about 3,500. The mayor of the city is Rheinhard Zehner.

The former municipality Bachfeld was merged into Schalkau on 31 December 2019.

Römhild

Römhild is a German city in the south of Thuringia. The next bigger cities are Hildburghausen and Coburg. Its population is about 2,000. It is the county seat of the Gleichberge "verwaltungsgemeinschaft"

Mutant

A mutant can be:



Mily Balakirev

Mily Alexanyevich Balakirev (born Nizhny-Novgorod 2 January 1837; died St Petersburg 29 May 1910) was a Russian composer. His music sounds very Russian, and he was a very important influence on other Russian composers such as Modest Mussorgsky, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Alexander Borodin and César Cui. These five composers were known as the “Mighty Handful”. Balakirev mainly wrote music for orchestra, choir and piano and solo songs.

Hector Berlioz

Louis-Hector Berlioz (11 December 1803 – 8 March 1869) was a French composer and music critic. He was one of the greatest composers of the 19th century. His music is typical of the Romantic period: full of passion and often based on ideas outside music. He was not particularly good at playing any instrument, but he was brilliant at writing for the orchestra. Some of his most famous works include several orchestral overtures, the "Symphonie Fantastique", the opera "Les Troyens" ("The Trojans"), the requiem "Grande messe des morts" and the song cycle "Les nuits d'été" (Summer Nights). He was very original as a composer, and his music was not fully appreciated until many years after his death.

Berlioz was the eldest of six children. His two sisters lived to be adults, and Berlioz was always very fond of them both. His father was a doctor. The family lived in the country, north west of Grenoble.

Berlioz only went to school for a short time, when he was ten years old. The rest of his education he had from his father. He liked French and Latin literature and travel books about faraway countries. He learned to play the flute, the flageolet and the guitar. He read a book by Rameau about harmony. He never had a piano. He just imagined the sounds of chords in his head. He was only 12 when he fell in love with a girl called Estelle who was 18. He was teased about it a lot. He started to compose some music.

When he was 17 his father said that he wanted him to be a doctor. Berlioz wanted to study music, but his father made him go to Paris to study medicine. Berlioz was to stay in Paris for the rest of his life. He studied medicine for two years, but he hated it. One day, in an anatomy lesson, he had had enough and jumped out of the window. He started to study music. His father was furious and stopped sending him money. Berlioz was very poor and started writing musical criticism for newspapers. This is how he earned most of his money for the rest of his life. He was also borrowing money from friends.

Berlioz started going to the Opéra. He particularly liked the music of Gluck and went to the library to study Gluck’s scores. At the end of 1822 he found a good teacher. His name was Le Sueur. He made Berlioz stop publishing his music until he had learned to compose properly. In 1826 he was officially a student at the Conservatoire. He continued to study with Le Sueur and with Reicha. He tried four times to win the important music prize called Prix de Rome. The first time he wrote a piece called "La Mort d’Orphée" ("The Death of Orpheus"). The judges said it was unplayable, but Berlioz got an orchestra to play it. The second time he wrote a piece called "Herminie" which had a tune he used later as the main tune for his "Symphonie fantastique". The third time he wrote a cantata "La mort de Cléopâtre" which is a wonderful work but he still did not win the prize. The fourth time he wrote a cantata "La mort de Sardanapale", and he won the prize. Nearly all the music for this work is now lost.

Berlioz did not understand any English, but he went to a performance of Shakespeare’s "Hamlet" given by an English theatre company. The actress taking the part of Ophelia was called Harriet Smithson. Berlioz fell passionately in love with her, although he did not know her, and started following her about everywhere. In the end he married her. The marriage was not a success. Berlioz was really in love with Ophelia, the character from Shakespeare’s play. He found it hard to love Harriet in real life.

Shakespeare’s plays, however, were to be a great inspiration for Berlioz. He wrote many works which are inspired by Shakespeare, including "Roméo et Juliette", "Béatrice et Bénédict", "Roi Lear" and several others. He was also inspired at this time by Goethe’s Faust as well as by many other writers including E.T.A. Hoffmann, Scott and Byron. He also discovered the music of Beethoven which helped him to learn how to give shape to large compositions.

Berlioz started to be very busy putting on concerts of his music in Paris. He was quickly becoming known as a very original young composer. Winning the Prix de Rome gave him a steady income for a time, but he was supposed to go to Rome. Berlioz did not want to go to Rome. He said that he had plenty of work in Paris. The real reason why did not want to go was probably because he was in love with a 19- year-old girl called Camille Moke.

Berlioz spent 15 months in Rome. On his way there he visited his parents who seemed to have forgiven him for not studying medicine. They could now be proud because their son was so successful. In Italy Berlioz did not write much music. He did not like Italian music or Italian art, but he was inspired by the countryside, the sun, the sea, the people he met: sailors, peasants, sculptors, travellers. He did not like the city of Rome, although he did like Florence. He hated the Villa Medici, the house where he had to stay. When he travelled about he wrote some music. When he heard the news that Camille now loved another man he became so furious that he left Rome in order to return to Paris to kill them both. However, when he got as far as Nice he calmed down and changed his mind. He returned to Rome.

At the end of his time in Italy he returned to Paris, visiting his parents on the way. He started organizing concerts of his music. This is when he got to know Harriet Smithson. They had a strange courtship and he married her in 1833. The next year they had a son. The marriage was never easy. Their personalities were different, they were poor, and they did not speak one another’s language. In 1842 they separated and Harriet died in great poverty in 1854.

Although a few people thought that Berlioz was an original composer, many others thought his music was very strange. He hardly earned any money from composing. Most of the money he earned came from musical journalism, which is something he hated. When his works were performed, he usually conducted them himself. He wrote a work for viola and orchestra called "Harold en Italie". Paganini had asked him to write it for him to play, but when Paganini saw the music he did not like it because it was not “showy” enough for the viola. Some years later Paganini heard the work and decided he liked it, so he paid Berlioz 20.000 Francs. This was a lot of money, and it made it possible for Berlioz to spend time writing a big new work: "Roméo et Juliette". When this was first performed some critics thought that Berlioz did not understand Shakespeare probably. However, Richard Wagner, who was in the audience at the first performance, was very impressed. Berlioz tried to be successful as an opera composer, but people did not understand his original music. He wrote a "Grand symphonie funèbre et triomphale", originally written for a military band. "Les nuits d'été" is a very moving song-cycle.

During the 1840s and 1850s Berlioz spent much of his time travelling abroad. He went to Germany, Austria, Russia and England. He was becoming more famous abroad than at home in France, although he still continued to go back to Paris. The Germans loved his music and were impressed by his conducting. He rarely conducted anything except his own music. In 1846 he composed one of his finest works: "La Damnation de Faust" which was performed in the Opéra-Comique. The opera house was half empty. It was a great disappointment to him. Berlioz continued to tour to other countries where people appreciated him. He had great success in St Petersburg, in Berlin where he performed to the King of Prussia, and in London, where he never got paid for the concerts that Jullien conducted because Jullien had no money left. However, he had other successes in London and the English liked him very much.

In 1854 Harriet Smithson died and seven months later Berlioz married Marie Recio, a singer he had known for 12 years. Her Spanish mother came to live with them, and she looked after Berlioz very kindly in his last years when he was ill. Berlioz’ son Louis had become a captain in the navy and travelled all over the world. This was something Berlioz had always dreamt of doing since his childhood when he used to read travel books. Berlioz was terribly sad in 1867 when he heard that Louis had died in Havana of yellow fever.

Berlioz had always had a passion for the Latin poet Virgil. In 1856 he spent a long time writing a long opera in five acts called "Les Troyens" ("The Trojans"). He knew it would be almost impossible to find anyone who would put on a performance. It only became possible in 1863 after he had divided the work into two parts. After that it was 30 years before the opera was performed again. It contains some of his best music. The storm scene is especially famous and often performed separately as an orchestral piece.

As he got older he became obsessed with death. He had lost two wives, and his two sisters had also died. He started to walk in cemeteries. He wrote his "Memoires" (autobiography). It has been translated into many languages including English.

In 1863 he wrote to Estelle, the girl he had loved when he was a child. She was now a widow of 67 and he was 60. He visited her in Lyons and loved her again. He wrote regularly to her for the rest of his life, and stayed with her three times in Grenoble where she lived with her son. She gradually understood him better, and she gave him much happiness during his last years.

A final journey to St Petersburg was too much for Berlioz. He became ill. He went to Nice on the way home, where he twice collapsed while walking by the sea. He went back to Paris where he was cared for by his mother-in-law. He died on 11 March 1869 and was buried in the Cimitière Montmartre.

Berlioz is a clear example of a “prophet who is without honour in his own country”: not many people in France realized he was a great composer, but in other countries he was welcomed as one of the great composers and conductors of his day. Many of his works are difficult to describe. His "Symphonie fantastique" is not quite a symphony, his "Harold en Italie" is not quite a concerto. His "Requiem" is not a normal, religious requiem, "Roméo et Juliette" is a mixture of all sorts of things. He wrote five operas, which are all very different in style. His songs are tender and lovely, influenced by the French romance. His overtures are very popular at orchestral concerts. His music is very original and, although he wrote a book on orchestration, the sounds he composed were so personal that no one could imitate him. He was not good at playing any instrument, but could imagine all the sounds in his head. Many of his melodies stretch themselves over an unusual number of bars. A lot of his orchestral music is programme music: it is often inspired by books or wild stories in his imagination.


Vincenzo Bellini

Vincenzo Bellini (Catania, November 3 1801 - Puteaux, near Paris, September 23 1835) was an Italian composer and opera composer.

Bellini was well liked for his melodies. His first success was "Il pirata" in 1827. It was followed by "I Capuleti e Montecchi" in 1830. Then came his most famous operas "La sonnambula" (1831), "Norma" (1831) and his last "I puritani" (1835).

His second to last work "Beatrice di Tenda" (1833) was less successful.

Although his operas never left the repertoire, they became popular again in the 1950s due largely to soprano Maria Callas, followed by Joan Sutherland in the 1960s.


Charles-Valentin Alkan

Charles-Valentin Alkan (30 November 1813 - 29 March 1888) was a French-Jewish composer and pianist. His real name was Morhange. He was a virtuoso pianist who wrote a lot of piano music. Most of the pieces he wrote are extremely difficult to play. Franz Liszt, Busoni and other people of his day thought he was a great composer. Despite this, most people have only discovered in recent years how good his music is. His piano music is mostly tonal, but it changes key in unusual ways. The story was told by many people that he died when a bookcase collapsed on top of him, but that story is proved not to be true.

From the 1860s to 1873 he did not show in public very much, and composed some of his works.

Alkan was a close friend of Frédéric Chopin and Franz Liszt.

Kalki

Kalki is the final avatar or incarnation of the Hindu god Vishnu. Hindus believe that there are four stages of time. The stage of time we are in is called the Kali Yuga. In this stage of time, people are very bad. To make the world good, Kalki will come to Earth, and will destroy the bad things and kill the bad people. People will change then, and become good people. A new stage of will begin, called the Satya Yuga or the first stage of life. He is deciding to only come when everybody on Earth is very cruel. Kalki will come after Buddha, his work is to punish people who not changed their behaviour even after Buddha taught the right way. Kalki will come within this millennium. He will take birth in India. Lord Kalki will be expected to incarnate on the Shukla Paksha Dwadashi Tithi(12th day of the bright fortnight) in the Hindu month Vaishakha. According to some beliefs, he will appear at the end of this Kali Yuga which is about 432,000 years away.

According to Nostradamus prophecies Kalki is the Chyren who will be king of whole world. He establish rightness in earth after defeating the whole world. He will punish bad people without mercy. It is said that he will be ruthless to cruel people. Kalki will establish a Golden Age within the Kali Yuga, before becoming king of the world. It is said that Krishna told Arjuna on the battlefield that right after his death, there will be the beginning of the Kali Yuga. He says 5000 years after his death (6000 B.C.) will come a Golden Age within the Kali Yuga. After the Kali Yuga Golden Age which will last approximately 10,000 years, he will establish the real Satya Yuga by defeating Kali (Demon) who is also known as the prince of evil in vedic scriptures.

The Shrimad Bhagwat Purana describes in detail the incarnations of Lord Vishnu. There is a description of Lord Kalki in the second chapter of the 12th wing of the same Purana. In which it is said that Lord Kalki will be born as a son in the house of an ascetic Brahmin named Vishnuyasha at a place called Shambhala in Moradabad district of Uttar Pradesh. Lord Kalki will destroy the sinners from the world by riding on a horse or vehicle named Devadatta and re-establish religion.

Thomas Arne

Thomas Arne (born in London, baptized 28 May 1710; died in London, 5 March 1778) was an English composer and violinist. He was the most famous musician in the theatre in England in the 18th century. He wrote music for lots of plays. He had a great gift for writing beautiful tunes. Songs such as "Where the Bee Sucks" are still very popular. His best known tune is "Rule Britannia" which is sung every year at the Last Night of the Proms.

Johann Nepomuk Hummel

Johann Nepomuk Hummel (born Pressburg November 14 1778; died Weimar October 17 1837) was an Austrian composer and pianist. He was a child prodigy. Mozart thought he was so talented that he taught him free of charge. Hummel became one of the greatest pianists and composers in Europe. He always wrote in a Classical style, he never became an early Romantic like Beethoven.
He also wrote a concerto for trumpet, which is fairly famous.

Alphabetical order

Alphabetical order is a way to sort (organize) a list. It helps a reader to find a name or a title in the list. It is done by following the standard (usual) order of letters in an alphabet. Some lists in alphabetical order were used during the early Roman Empire. It became commonplace after the Renaissance. 

Sorting things in English is done using the Roman alphabet. Different languages have different rules for sorting. Note also, that there are different ways to sort numbers, and special characters, such as letters with diacritics. German has the letters ä,ö,ü, and ß.


Note that these may be different by language: Danish also has a letter ä, but sorts it after z, and not treated like a as in German.

A list of items like Eric," Lydia", Andrea", and Bob" is organized by their first letter. "A" comes before "B", and "B" comes before "E", and "E" comes before "L" in the alphabet. When alphabetical order is used:

If many words have the same first letter, they are sorted by their second letters.

After that, the third and fourth letters are used until the whole list is sorted.

The words a, an and the are ignored. Sometimes they are written at the end, after a comma. Spaces and hyphens ( - ) are ignored, too.
A formula can be used to systematically ignore a, an and the. For Microsoft Excel, it would be:

That can also be listed like this:

Names are usually ordered by Family name, not given name.

Names are often written with the last names first.

Numbers can be sorted in two ways. Sometimes, they are listed in order from smallest to largest. This is the normal way to sort numbers.

Other times, they can be sorted as if they were normal, spelled-out words. This way is often used for numbers in titles.

Bad Rodach

Bad Rodach is a German town in the north of Franconia. Next bigger cities are Hildburghausen and Coburg. Its population is about 7,000. Its mayor is Gerold Strobel.

M.I.A.

Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam (born 18 July 1975 in Hounslow, London) is an artist, movie graduate and musician. She is the daughter of a Tamil revolutionary. She is best known by her stage name M.I.A. Her music style contains elements of grime, alternative, hip-hop, dance, and electronic music. 

M.I.A. graduated from Central St. Martin's College of Art and Design with a degree in fine art, film and video. She has been noted for her idiosyncratic style in her music, her sense of fashion, and other artistic output. 

In 2000, she did the cover artwork for the album "The Menace," by Elastica and directed the music video for their single "Mad Dog God Dam." She filmed a North American tour of the band. In 2002, she published a book of art inspired by the Tamil rebellion and her childhood in Sri Lanka. She met the musician Peaches who introduced M.I.A. to the Roland MC 505. M.I.A. wrote and recorded several songs on a demo using a 505, including the song "Galang."

"Galang" was initially released in 2003 on the white-label Showbiz Recordings. It became popular with DJs and garnered acclaim.

M.I.A. signed to XL Recordings in 2004. The song "Sunshowers" and "Galang" were re-released. Through 2004, file-sharing of the two singles and leaked promos of "Arular" on the internet increased anticipation for her debut album "Arular".

One of the first artists to break on the internet, M.I.A. ended 2004 making "Piracy Funds Terrorism," a mash-up mixtape of "Arular" tracks produced by herself and DJ Diplo.

in 2005, M.I.A. released her debut album, "Arular", which is named for her father. It sold over 100,000 copies. The most popular song off the album was "Galang" which appeared in a Honda advertisement. On the album, there is a hidden track called "M.I.A.". The listener hears nothing for a minute or two, then a new track starts playing.

"Kala" is M.I.A.'s second album. Track listing as follows:

Key (music)

Most music is in a particular key. This means that one of the 12 notes (C, D flat, D, etc.) sounds like the “home note”. When the piece finishes it normally comes to rest on this home note (also called: the “tonic”). The piece will be built on the notes of the scale that starts on that note. There are two kinds of key (like there are two kinds of scale): major and minor. Sometimes the key of a piece is in its title: "Minuet in C", "Sonata in F sharp major". If the title does not say “major” or “minor” it is normally taken to be major.


Otaku

Otaku is a Japanese slang word, deriving from the honorific "お宅" (otaku), meaning "your house", that has come to mean someone who obsessively exerts time, money, and energy into a hobby. Otaku have a deep, complex knowledge around a particular subject or area of study, and is oftentimes (esp. in the West) used to refer to avid consumers of anime and manga. The term can also be compared with Hikikomori"."

In Japan, "otaku" is generally regarded as an offensive word, due to the negative cultural perception of withdrawal from society. However, the otaku philosophy of living has gained traction among Japanese youth and adolescents, likely as a reaction to the established culture of intense work and academic studies. Under 30’s have developed a neo-otaku identity with more positive associations of being a geek or . In the West, the word usually describes an anime or manga "fanatic" and is not typically perceived as derogatory.

Circle of fifths

In music theory the Circle of fifths shows how the different keys are related to one another. It is usually shown as a circle with the names of keys around it. If you take any key in the circle, its fifth is the one to its right. It can be easily understood together with a piano keyboard.

On a piano there are white and black notes (also called “keys” when used in a piano context). The white notes are named by the letters A to G of the alphabet. After G comes another A and so on. The black notes go in threes and twos. This makes it easy to see the pattern of white notes. Where there are two black notes together, for example, the white note between them is D. The black notes do not have names of their own. They are named after the white notes next to them. The black note just above (i.e. to the right) of a G is a G sharp. The black note just below (i.e. to the left) of the G is G flat. This means that each black note has two possible names (e.g. G flat or F sharp).

Playing each note in turn, whether a white or a black note, will give a chromatic scale (e.g. C, C sharp, D, E flat, E, F, F sharp, G, A flat, A, B flat, B, C). Each step is called a “semitone” or “half tone”. A “tone” or “whole tone” therefore is a jump of two semitones (C to D, or C sharp to E flat, or E to F sharp).

By playing on white notes from C to the next C we get a major scale. Some of the steps are tones and some are semitones. The semitones come between E and F and between B and C, i.e. between the 3rd and 4th and between the 7th and 8th note of the scale. All major scales have this pattern (tone, tone, semitone, tone, tone, tone, semitone).





Each time we went to a sharper key we took the note which was the 5th note of the previous scale (G, with one sharp, was the 5th note of C major. D, with two sharps, was the 5th note of G, etc.).

In a diagram this can be shown as a circle which is called the “Circle of Fifths”. As we get sharper and sharper we go clockwise round the circle.

The flats work in exactly the opposite way. Instead of going up to the fifth note (e.g. C,D,E,F,G) we can go down a fifth (C,B,A,G,F). F is the scale which has one flat. As we get flatter and flatter we go counter-clockwise round the circle until all seven notes are flattened.

It can be seen that three of the scales each have two possible names: B major (with 5 sharps) can also be thought of as C flat major (with seven flats), F sharp major (with 6 sharps) can also be thought of as G flat major (with 6 flats), and C sharp major (with 7 sharps) can also be thought of as D flat major (with 5 flats).

Relative minors (the minor scale with the same key signature) can also be worked out by going round three steps of the circle (C major is the relative major of A minor, i.e. it shares the same key signature: nothing). On a keyboard the relative minor can be worked out by going down three semitones (from C go down to B, Bflat, A).

Haddock

The haddock ("Melanogrammus aeglefinus") is a saltwater ray-finned fish. It is from the family Gadidae, the true cods. 

The haddock is the only species in the monotypic genus "Melanogrammus". It is found in the North Atlantic Ocean and the nearby seas. In these areas. the haddock is an important fish for fisheries. It is very important in northern Europe. In this area, it is sold fresh, frozen and smoked. Smoked varieties of the fish include the Finnan haddie and the Arbroath smokie.


Kristallnacht

Kristallnacht (also called Reichskristallnacht, Reichspogromnacht, ) was a two-day pogrom that happened against Jews in Nazi Germany and parts of Austria. It happened between the 9th and the 10th of November 1938. At least one thousand people were killed. However, servicemen of SS wrote a report that said that only 91 people were killed. About 30,000 Jews were moved to concentration camps, and over 1,500 synagogues were pillaged and partly destroyed. Also, almost all Jewish cemeteries in Germany and Austria were destroyed. This marked the change from discriminating against Jews to actively persecuting and deporting them.

Herschel Grynszpan (sometimes also spelled "Grünspan"), a 17-year-old Jew living in Paris, learned that his whole family had been made to go back to Zsbaszyn in Poland, even though the younger children had been born in Germany. He got a gun, and with this he fired shots at Ernst Eduard vom Rath, who was a secretary of the German embassy in Paris. This was on 7 November. Vom Rath died of his wounds on 9 November.

The motive of Grynszpan is unclear. In a judicial hearing in 1942, he said it was revenge. He meant to shoot the ambassador, but hit the secretary instead.

The NSDAP used this event as an excuse to seize Jewish property. There had been a similar event in February 1936 but there were almost no consequences. Then, a Jewish student, David Frankfurter, had fired shots at the NSDAP secretary Wilhelm Gustloff. At that time, the NSDAP could not act because of the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.


Pogrom

Pogrom (from Russian:"погром" (pogrom); from "громить" IPA: - to wreak havoc, to demolish violently) is a form of riot attacking people and property. The target of the attack is a group of people because of their ethnic identity or religion, usually Jews. In a pogrom, the local authorities such as the police do not arrest the rioters and do not come to the aid of the victims.

In a pogrom, the target people's homes, businesses, and places of worship are destroyed. People of the target group are physically attacked and some are murdered.


970s

Below are some of the major things that happened in the years from 970 to 979.





























990s

The 990s was a decade that began on 1 January 990 and ended on 31 December 999.


New

New or NEW can mean:

Clear

Clear might mean:



Sertoli cell

A Sertoli cell is a cell found in the testes. Its main function is to help the developing sperm cells through the stages of spermatogenesis - the process of turning stem cells into sperm. It was also called the "mother cell." The cell also helps in the creation of stem cells.
Sertoli cells get their name from Enrico Sertoli, an Italian physiologist. He discovered them while studying medicine in the University of Pavia, Italy. He published a description of this cell in 1865. As of 2006, two textbooks have been published that are almost entirely about the Sertoli cell .

1300

The year 1300 (MCCC) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar, the 1300th year of the Common Era (CE) and "Anno Domini" (AD) designations, the 300th year of the 2nd millennium, the 100th and last year of the 13th century, and the 1st year of the 1300s decade. The year 1300 wasn't a leap year in the Proleptic Gregorian calendar.


PBS

The Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) is an American public broadcaster and non-commercial, free-to-air television network based in Crystal City, Virginia. PBS is a publicly funded nonprofit organization and the most prominent provider of educational programs to public television stations in the United States.


PBS Student Reporting Labs (SRL) is an educational program operated by the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) in the United States. It aims to engage and connect high school students with public media stations to develop journalism skills. Its Student Advisory Team (SAT) includes notable students across the United States, including Mark Leschinsky and others.


UPN

UPN (which originally stood for the United Paramount Network) was a television network in over 200 places in the United States. UPN was owned by CBS Corporation, which also owns the larger CBS network. UPN shut down on September 15, 2006, and was replaced with The CW, a joint venture between CBS Corporation and the Warner Bros. division of Time Warner, which owned The WB before that network was also shut down in 2006 and merged with UPN to create The CW.

Television network

A television network is a network to provide television programming to many television stations. It is almost always a large company. Until the mid-1980s, television programming in most countries of the world was mainly done by a small number of broadcast networks. Many early television networks (for example, the RPN, NHK General TV, Canal Once, CBS, ABC, Channel 4, PTV, CBC, BBC or PBS) began as radio networks.

A television network may broadcast many television channels. For example, BBC is a television network. It broadcasts its programs on many different channels including BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Parliament, BBC News, BBC World News, CBeebies, BBC Four and CBBC. Each channel will often have a group of programs that are similar in some way. For example, CBBC broadcasts children programs. The individual companies that create the content are television studios. A studio is often an affiliate of a network. For example, WAVY is a station in Hampton Roads, Virginia. It is an affiliate of the NBC network. WAVY is also the name of the channel that the studio creates and broadcasts locally on channel 10. It is called WAVY10.

1363

The year 1363 was a common year which started on a Saturday.


Tokyo Tower

Tokyo Tower is a tower in Shiba Park, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan.

Tokyo Tower is 333 m (1093 ft) tall. It the world's highest self-supporting steel tower and the tallest structure in Tokyo.

The highest number of visitors was about 5.2 million a year (1959), about 710 thousand a month (1959.8), about 40 thousand a day (1960.3.30).

The cost for lighting is about 24 thousand yen to 25 thousand yen a day. It seems to be two-tone of red and white, but actually the colors are international orange and white. The color cannot be changed to other colors because the color is decided by the law.

In 2009, the Tokyo Tower was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best show contemporary Japan and its culture in the Heisei period.

1284

1284 was a leap year.


1141

1141 is a year starting on a Wednesday of the Julian Calendar.



1429

1429 was a common year.


Vuelta Ciclista a España

The ' (also ', or simply Vuelta) is a long-distance bicycle race. The first race was in 1935. The Tour de France and Giro d'Italia were both very successful, and both run by newspaper companies. A newspaper called "" in Spain decided to start a similar race in Spain. It is now one of the three "Grand Tours" of Europe and, after the and the , is the third most important road cycling stage race in the world.

The leader of the race wears the red jersey. This is the same as the yellow jersey in the Tour de France. The leader of the combination classification wears a white jersey. The leader of the mountain climbers' competition wears a white jersey with blue polka-dots. The leader of the sprinters' competition wears a green jersey.

The race was run in the spring until 1995. Since 1995 it has been run in September.

Seminiferous tubule

Seminiferous tubules are long thread-like tubes found in each of the testicles where sperm is produced. The inner lining of the tubule contains Sertoli cells.


Seminal vesicle

The seminal vesicles are a pair of tube-like glands. They are found behind the bladder of males. They make about 70% of the content of semen (also called seminal fluid).

Both vesicles are about 5 cm in length, but they are curled up. Each gland makes a ball shape on the wall of each vas deferens. There is a tube linking the seminal glands which opens into the vas deferens and prostate gland.

From inside to out, the layers making the vesicles are:

The seminal vesicles make most of semen, but during ejaculation, most of the ejaculate has sperm rather than semen in it. The use of seminal fluid is not known, since sperm do not move or survive well in semen. Some think that it acts as a fluid to stop sperm from another male impregnating the female so that the children of only one male can survive.

Seminal fluid has proteins, enzymes, fructose, mucus, vitamin C and flavins. The fructose gives sperm energy and 'food'.


Glans penis

The glans penis (or just "glans") is the sensitive tip of the penis. It is also called the "head" of the penis. Slang names include "helmet" and "bell end". Usually, the glans is covered by the foreskin, except in men who have been circumcised.

The glans can become irritated or infected which occurs in a small number of males. It is more common in males who have poor hygene or are uncircumcised.

The opening of the urethra is at the tip of the glans. In children who have been circumcised and wear diapers, the opening of the penis has no protection. This can cause the urethra to get very narrow in a small amount of boys which can need surgery to reopen later.

The skin on the glans of an uncircumcised penis is very sensitive, and washing it too much with soap can cause dermatitis.

Circumcised men have a dry and wider glans that is leathery to the touch. There are special Moisturizer that a circumcised man can use on his glans to provide softer.

The glans penis is a cap around the corpus spongiosum. It is attached to the Corpus cavernosum penis and at the tip of the glans is the urethra opening. The foreskin helps keeps the glans moist.



Charge

Charge could mean:

In law:

Second person

Second person can refer to the following: 



Optical fiber

An optical fiber is a thin fiber of glass or plastic that can carry light from one end to the other. The study of optical fibers is called fiber optics, which is part of applied science and engineering.

Optical fibers are mainly used in telecommunications, but they are also used for lighting, sensors, toys, and special cameras for seeing inside small spaces. They are sometimes used in medicine to see inside people, like down their throat.

Guiding light by internal reflection, the principle that makes fiber optics possible, was first demonstrated by Daniel Colladon and Jacques Babinet in Paris in the early 1840s. John Tyndall, a physicist, demonstrated it during his public lectures in London, 12 years later.
The principle was first used for internal medical examinations by Heinrich Lamm in the 1930s. Modern optical fibers, where the glass fiber is coated with a transparent cladding to offer a more suitable refractive index, appeared later in the decade. 

The term "fiber optics" was coined by Narinder Singh Kapany.

In 1965 Charles K. Kao and George A. Hockham of the British company Standard Telephones and Cables (STC) were the first to show that the loss of intensity in optical fibers could be reduced, making fibers a practical communication medium. They proposed that the defects in fibers available at the time was caused by impurities which could be removed. They pointed out the right material to use for such fibers, such as silica glass which has high purity. This discovery earned Kao the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2009.

An optical fiber is a long, thin strand of clear material. Its shape is usually similar to a cylinder. In the center, it has a "core". Around the core is a layer called the "cladding". The core and cladding are made of different kinds of glass or plastic, so that light travels slower in the core than it does in the cladding. If the light in the core hits the edge of the cladding at a shallow angle, it bounces off. Light can travel inside the core and bounce off of the cladding. No light escapes until it comes to the end of the fiber, unless the fiber is bent sharply or stretched.

If the cladding of the fiber is scratched, it may break. A plastic coating called the "buffer" covers the cladding to protect it. Often, the buffered fiber is put inside an even tougher layer, called the "jacket". This makes it easy to use the fiber without breaking it.

The main use of optical fiber is in communication (telecommunication). Fiber-optic communication transmits information from one place to another by sending pulses of light through an optical fiber. The light forms an electromagnetic carrier wave that is modulated to carry information. First developed in the 1970s, fiber-optic communication systems have revolutionized the telecommunications industry and have helped with the advent of the Information Age. 

Early systems had short range but later ones used fibers that are more transparent. Since the light does not leak out of the fiber, the light can go a long distance before the signal gets too weak. This is used to send telephone and internet signals within and between cities. Because of its advantages over electrical transmission, optical fibers have largely replaced copper wire communications in core networks in the developed countries. Undersea cables with fibers connect the world.

Most optical communication systems have electrical connections. An electric signal controls a transmitter. The transmitter converts the electric signal to a light signal and sends it through the fiber to the receiver. The receiver converts the light signal back to an electric signal. 
Fiber is sometimes used for shorter links too, such as to carry the sound signals between a compact disc player and a stereo receiver. The fibers used for these short links are often made of plastic which is less transparent. TOSLINK is the most common type of optical plug for stereos.

Optical fibers can be used as sensors. Special fibers are used for this, that change how they pass light through when there is a change around the fiber. Sensors like this can be used to detect changes in temperature, pressure, and other things. These sensors are useful because they are small and do not need any electricity at the place where the sensing happens.
These fibers are also used to carry light for humans to see. This is sometimes used for decoration, like fiber-optic Christmas trees. Sometimes it is used for lighting, when it is convenient to have the light bulb someplace other than where the light needs to be. This is sometimes used in signs and art for special effects.
A bundle of fibers can be used to make a device called an endoscope or a fiberscope. This is a long thin probe that can be put into a small hole, that will send an image of what is inside through the fiber to a camera. Endoscopes are used by doctors to see inside the human body, and are sometimes used by engineers to see inside tight spaces in machines.

Optical fibers (with special chemicals added) can be used as optical amplifiers. This allows an optical signal to travel further between endpoints, and without converting the optical signal to electrical and back, reducing the overall cost of the components. These optical amplifiers can also be used to create Lasers. These are called fiber lasers. They can be very powerful, because the long thin fiber is easy to keep cool, and makes a good quality light beam.

490s

The 490s decade opened on January 1, 490 and closed on December 31, 499.




390s

The 390s was a decade which ran from January 1, 390 to December 31, 399.

360s

Below is a list of events that happened in the years from 360 to 369.



























Population pyramid

A population pyramid is a graph. It has two back-to-back bars. These bars show the population in groups of ages, with woman in one side and man in the other side.

The pyramids show the age distribution of the place, which can help in understanding and predicting the development of a country.

There are three types of population pyramids:

In this type of graph, a wide base means a very high birth rate and a narrow base means a low birth rate.

And

And or AND may be any of the following:


Quarry

A quarry is a type of open pit mine that is used to get rocks and minerals from the ground. Quarries are often used to cut stone from the ground in large pieces or blocks. These are called dimension stones. They are used for building things. Some quarries fill with water to make small lakes when they are no longer being used for mining.

The largest granite quarry in the world is run by Rock of Ages Corporation in Vermont, USA..


Central Powers

The Central Powers were a group of nations fighting against the Allied Powers during World War I.

The members included Germany, Austria-Hungary, the Ottoman Empire and their territories. The Central Powers lost the war. The Triple Entente was composed of France, Russia and the United Kingdom. These were later joined by Japan and Italy 

Soxhlet extractor

A Soxhlet extractor is a kind of laboratory equipment. It is made of glass. Franz von Soxhlet invented it in 1879. It has a flask, an extraction chamber, and a condenser. It can be used for solid-liquid extractions. 

In this discontinuous extraction process, the extraction solvent inside the boiling flask is evaporated and re-condensed in the distillation column above. It then falls down onto the solid material requiring extraction. The chamber containing the solid material is connected to the boiling flask below by a syphoning mechanism seen in the Pythagorean cup, which allows the chamber to fill to a point, at which it will empty its contents and start to fill again and the extracted compounds will accumulate in the boiling flask below.

Chemists use it to remove a material from a solid. It is useful when removing materials that do not dissolve well in any solvent. Chemists use a solvent such as ether or alcohol in the extractor. The Soxhlet extractor applies the solvent repeatedly to the solid until enough of the material dissolves.


Italia (disambiguation)

Italia may mean

Dream

Dreams are what a person sees and hears in their mind when they are sleeping. They are often similar to real life in some ways, but can also be very strange. Dreams can be so real, the person dreaming may not believe they are awake. This tends to happen during a false awakening, where a person dreams of waking up. A person has around 4 - 6 dreams per night, and tend to only remember the last two. 

Sometimes a person realizes during a dream that they are dreaming, but keeps having the dream. This is called a lucid dream. This happens very little for most people, but for some people it happens often. During a lucid dream, a person usually has full control over their body, as well as the environment around them. There are no limits in lucid dreams, sometimes not even the imagination.

Most people remember their dreams in some way or another, even if it is only a small part, but children are very likely to remember most of their dream clearly. It is often easier for people to remember dreams if they write down what happened in the dream just after they wake up. Because of this, many people have dream diaries where they describe each dream they have. This is called dream recall, and the more it is done the better they remember their dreams. If a person is woken up during a dream, they tend to have a much more reliable memory of it.

Nightmares are dreams which scare or shock people. Nightmares are usually based around that person's everyday fears, like spiders or dark places, but even a dream that's not about those things can feel unpleasant. Nightmares are caused by many different things: being uncomfortable or in pain while sleeping, sickness, stress, or even eating right before sleeping.

There are many different theories about why people dream and what their dreams mean. Every person has different dreams. Some psychologists believe that dreams reflect what is happening in the unconscious mind (the part of the mind that works by itself). Others think that people, places, and objects in dreams are symbols for other things in the dreamer's real life. Throughout history people have tried to make sense of dreams to learn things from them, and have often used them for divination or fortune-telling. Today there are still many books and websites devoted to making sense of dreams.

Generally speaking, ancient civilisations thought dreams were messages from the gods (see the works of Homer) or alternatively some kind of prophecy. However, they knew that often dreams misled the dreamer, and invented various explanations for this. Aristotle started off with ideas like this, but later became more skeptical, and denied the divine origin of dreams.

In his "Interpretation of Dreams", Sigmund Freud connected them to his ideas on psychotherapy. Dreams, in Freud's view, are forms of "wish fulfillment". They are attempts by the unconscious to resolve a conflict of some sort. Because the information in the unconscious is in an unruly and often disturbing form, a "censor" in the preconscious will not allow it to pass unaltered into the conscious. Freud describes three main types of dreams: 1. Direct prophecies received in the dream; 2. The foretelling of a future event; 3. The symbolic dream, which requires interpretation.

Some authors, such as Hans Eysenck, have argued that the dreams Freud cites do not really support his theories. Eysenck argues that Freud's examples actually disprove his dream theory.

Since Freud, the emphasis has been on the biology of dreaming.

The discovery of REM (rapid eye movement) and non-REM sleep has been important. Researchers have done many studies on this. Subjects have been woken up in both stages and asked what they were thinking about. It is clear that the reports from non-REM stages were different from REM stages. In particular, dreams occur mostly when the brain is in the REM state. There is also some relationship between dreaming and daydreams. Both seem to occur in a cycle of 90110 minutes.

Apparently, "there is no evidence that a more useful understanding of personality can be gained from them than can be divined from the realities of waking behaviour".

If sleep is prevented, people suffer and get worse at every kind of waking activity. From this it is clear that one important function of sleep is to maintain normal brain activity during awake time. Somehow, during sleep the brain gets restored to its normal functioning. Sleep is, so far as is known, universal amongst vertebrates. That also argues for its great importance. However, it is not known whether dreaming supports this repair function of sleep, or whether it is something which just happens.

Base

Base can mean: 


Frenulum

A frenulum (or frenum) is a small fold of tissue that prevents an organ in the body from moving too far.

"Frenulum" as a term in zoology is dealt with under wing coupling.

There are several frenula in the body, including several in the mouth, some in the digestive tract, and some connected to the external genitalia. 

Frenula of the mouth are found under the tongue and inside the upper and lower lip. These can easily be torn by blows to the face or mouth. A torn frenulum is sometimes a warning sign of physical abuse.

In the female, genital frenula can be found in the clitoris and where the labia minora meet at the back.

The word frenulum on its own is often used for the "frenulum preputii penis". This is an elastic band of tissue under the glans penis that connects to the prepuce, or foreskin to the vernal mucosa. It help contract the prepuce over the glans. It may be removed during circumcision.

It is possible for the frenulum of the penis to tear during sexual activity. This does not cause a great deal of pain but can cause an alarming amount of blood loss. This is not a medical emergency. The frenulum will heal by itself after the bleeding has stopped.


Ejaculatory duct

Ejaculatory ducts are part of the human male anatomy. They cause the reflex action of ejaculation. Each male has two of them. During ejaculation, semen moves through the ducts and then leaves the body through the penis.

Corpus cavernosum penis

The corpus cavernosum penis (or corpus cavernosum urethrae) is one of two sponge-like sections of tissue in the male penis. They contain most of the blood during an erection. The term literally means "cave-like body"

The corpus cavernosum are placed along the length of the penis. They are found along the penis shaft, from the pubic bones to the head of the penis. The spongy tissue fills with blood. The blood comes from arteries down the length of the penis. The blood fills the corpora cavernosa. This causes it to swell. When swollen, it holds 90% of the blood involved in an erection. This increases both the length and circumference of the penis.

Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum. The expanding tissue constricts these veins. This preventing blood from leaving. The penis becomes rigid as a result. 

Torchwood

Torchwood is a British science fiction television programme. It is about a secret organisation protecting the Earth from aliens. It has been shown on TV channels in Britain including BBC One, BBC Two, and BBC Three. It can be viewed on Netflix and is sometimes shown on American TV channels including Starz . The show is a spin off of the British television series "Doctor Who". It follows the Cardiff, Wales section of a secret group called the Torchwood Institute. The Torchwood Institute examines things that aliens cause to happen on Earth. They also collect alien equipment to use.

The series is set in Cardiff, Glamorgan, Wales. Series 1 takes place after "Doctor Who" Series 2. Series 2 takes place in between Doctor Who Series 3 and Series 4. Because the shows are science fiction and some characters live forever, it is hard to track down the exact times in which "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood" overlap.

"Torchwood" stars John Barrowman as Captain Jack Harkness, the leader of the Cardiff Torchwood Institute. Barrowman also played Harkness in Series 1, Series 3 and Series 4 of the current "Doctor Who" (2005). Eve Myles plays Gwen Cooper, a policewoman who joins the group. Gareth David-Lloyd stars as Ianto Jones, a person who helps out and is a love interest of Jack. Jack Harkness, Ianto Jones, and Gwen Cooper are the central cast members. Also, Naoko Mori plays scientist Toshiko Sato. Burn Gorman plays Doctor Owen Harper.

Because the show is set in and around Cardiff, many of the local attractions like the Millennium Centre and Cardiff Bay are shown in the series. Country settings around Glamorgan are also used many times in the series.

The programme is aimed at adults and older teenagers.

The third series is a five episode long story named "Children of Earth". "Children of Earth "has returning cast members John Barrowman as Captain Jack Harkness, Eve Myles as Gwen Cooper, and Gareth David-Lloyd as Ianto Jones.

The fourth series is a ten episode story named "Miracle Day. Miracle Day" has returning cast members John Barrowman as Captain Jack Harkness and Eve Myles as Gwen Cooper.


Bulbourethral gland

A bulbourethral gland (or Cowper's gland) is one of two small glands found in the reproductive system of human males. They are like Bartholin's glands.

Bulbourethral glands are found near the urethra at the base of the penis, between the two layers of the fascia. The bulbourethral glands are about the size of a pea. They appear to slowly get smaller as a person gets older.

They are made of several lobules held together by a fibres.

During sexual arousal each gland makes a clear liquid known as pre-ejaculate or "pre-cum". This fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for sperm to pass through. It also helps clean out any urine or dirt.

380s

Below are some of the important events that happened between 380 and 389.




























Rugby

Rugby could mean:

The sport of rugby football, which may be played in many different forms or ways:

Places:

Other meanings:

Fermion

A fermion is a category of elementary particles. They are very small and very light. Fermions can be thought of as the building blocks of matter because atoms are made up of fermions. Paul Dirac named them fermions in honor of the famous scientist Enrico Fermi.

An electron (a charged particle) is a fermion, but a photon (the particle of electromagnetic radiation) is not. The spin numbers of fermions are 1/2, 3/2, 5/2, etc. Because their spin is not a whole number, they follow the Pauli exclusion principle: no two fermions can share a quantum state (which includes position in space), if they have the same quantum numbers, such as spin. In other words, fermions can collide with each other. This behavior is not in the other class of elementary particles called bosons: you can have many bosons, for example photons, in the same place at the same time. The motion of fermions follows the Fermi-Dirac statistics.

Most well known fermions have spin of 1/2. An example of a type of fermion with a spin of 1/2 is the electron. The electron belongs to a group of fermions called leptons.

Fundamental fermions (fermions that are not made up of anything else) are either quarks or leptons. There are 6 different types of quarks (called "flavours") and 6 different types of leptons. These are their names:

Each of these fermions also has an anti-particle associated with it, so there are a total of 24 different fundamental fermions. The anti-particle is similar to the original particle, but with opposite electrical charge. The "up", "charm", and "top" quarks have electrical charge of +2/3. Their anti-particles have charge -2/3 (anti-up, anti-charm, anti-top). The other three quarks (down, strange and bottom) have charge -1/3, and their anti-particles have charge +1/3. The electron, muon, and tau leptons all have charge of -1, and their anti-particles (anti-electron or "positron", anti-muon, anti-tau) have charge +1. All the neutrinos and anti-neutrinos have charge 0. The main difference between quarks or leptons with the same charge is their mass.

The supersymmetric counterpart of any fermion is called a "sfermion."

Boson

A boson is a particle which carries a force. It has a whole number spin ("spin" is a property of subatomic particles). Bosons carry energy. 

A photon is an example of a boson as it has a spin of 1 and carries electromagnetism. Mesons are also bosons as they carry nuclear force.

Bosons are different from fermions, which are particles that make up matter, because bosons obey Bose-Einstein statistics. (This means that you can put two of them in the same place at the same time; the Pauli exclusion principle does not apply.) 

Gauge bosons carry fundamental forces. There are three known gauge bosons, which are elementary particles. For example, the photon carries the electromagnetic force. The three types of gauge bosons are: photons for electromagnetism, gluons (eight kinds) for strong force, and W and Z bosons (three kinds) for weak force. Other theoretical gauge bosons are predicted, such as gravitons for gravity. The Higgs boson is another fundamental particle of a type called a scalar boson.

Paul Dirac named this class of particles "bosons" in honor of a famous Indian scientist called Satyendra Nath Bose.

The bosons include the photon, the gluon, the Z boson, W boson and the Higgs boson. The Higgs boson also might be classified by itself. Since none of them have a charge, the antimatter version of them will also not have any charge.

Jürgen Klinsmann

Jürgen Klinsmann (, born 30 July 1964) is a German football player who started in Stuttgart, a club in Germany, when he was seventeen. In 1990 he won the FIFA World Cup with the Germany national team. Later, he also played for Internazionale Milano, Monaco, Tottenham Hotspur and Bayern Munich. In 2004 he became the coach of Germany national team, that was third in the World Cup of 2006. Taking his place in the German team is Joachim Löw. Klinsmann coached the United States men's national team from 2011 to 2016 and then Hertha BSC from 2019 to 2020. Since 2020, he has been manager for the South Korea national team.

Before Jürgen Klinsmann became a professional soccer player, he worked as a baker-associated in the baker's shop of his father in Stuttgart-Botnang. When he was young he played for Geislingen. The first team of his professional career was Stuttgarter Kickers. His career as a player ended in 1998 after the World Cup in France, as Germany was eliminated from the tournament by Croatia. He played for the under-21 and under-16 teams, as well as for ten years for the A team. In the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul he won the bronze medal. Jürgen Klinsmann played 221 Bundesliga games and scored 110 goals. In the national team of Germany he played 108 games and scored 47 goals. He played in the World Cup tournaments in 1990, 1994, and 1998. He scored 11 goals in the World Cup - second only to Gerd Müller as the German player with the most World Cup goals. In August 2004 he became the national coach of Germany. At the 2006 World Cup in Germany he won the bronze medal. After that he resigned. From the 1st June 2008 he coached Bayern Munich until he was dismissed on the 27th April 2009.

Inter Milan

Bayern Munich

West Germany/Germany


Germany

United States



Quintana Roo

Quintana Roo is a Mexican state in the south. Its capital is Chetumal, the name "Quintana Roo" is from a military general. The most money comes from tourism, for example, in Cancún or Playa del Carmen.

Pilosa

Pilosa is an order of mammals in the superorder "Xenarthra".
To this order belong the sloths, suborder "Folivora" and the anteaters, suborder "Vermilingua".

Dead Kennedys

Dead Kennedys are a hardcore punk band from San Francisco. The band was led by Jello Biafra. Other original members were Klaus Fluoride, D.H. Peligro, and East Bay Ray. The band plays songs with strong political messages. During the 1980s, they had many fans in the punk rock music scene.

The Dead Kennedys formed in June 1978. In 1980, one of their songs called "California Über Alles" became popular in the punk music scene. In 1980, they recorded and released a song called "Holiday in Cambodia". That same year, they made their first album, "Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables". In the early 1980s, the band toured all over the United States, Europe, and Australia.

In July 1987, the band broke up. After they broke up, they were charged with the crime of obscenity. A person saw the band's album "Frankenchrist" and complained to the Attorney General for the State of California and to Los Angeles prosecutors. The album included a picture that showed nine penises. In August 1987, the criminal trial ended but the jury could not make a decision. The album was banned from many record stores in the United States.






Bad Brains (band)

Bad Brains is an American band. They play hardcore punk music that is mixed with reggae music. The band formed in 1977 and is still playing now. The members are H.R. (singer), "Dr. Know" (guitarist), Darryl Jenifer (bassist) and Earl Hudson (drummer).

The band originally formed in Prince Georges County, Maryland. It is close to Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. During most of their time together, Bad Brains has lived in Washington, D.C. 

The Bad Brains had a big effect on many hardcore punk bands, including Minor Threat who are also from Washington, D.C. They also had a big effect on the hardcore punk singer Henry Rollins. Rollins was the singer for the hardcore band Black Flag.

Xenarthra

The Xenarthra is a superorder of mammals. It is a group of placental mammals (infraclass Eutheria). They live at present only in the Americas, and are anteaters, tree sloths, and armadillos. 

Their origins can be traced back as far as the Palaeogene (about 60-65 million years ago (mya), shortly after the Mesozoic) in South America. Xenarthrans developed and diversified extensively in South America during its long period of isolation, invaded the Antilles by the early Miocene, and then spread to Central and North America as part of the Great American Interchange. 

Nearly all of the once abundant big xenarthrans, such as ground sloths, glyptodonts, and pampatheres went extinct at the end of the Pleistocene.

Xenarthrans differ from other placental mammals in several ways. The name Xenarthra means 'strange joints', and was chosen because their vertebral joints have extra articulations and are unlike those of any other mammals. The males lack external testicles, which are instead placed between the bladder and the rectum. Also, xenarthrans have the lowest metabolic rates among the therians.

<br>

Channel 4

Channel 4 is a television channel that broadcasts to the United Kingdom. It started on 2 November 1982. On 10 December 2010, Channel 4 started a High Definition version of their channel on Sky+ HD.


The Snowman and The Snowdog
Peppa Pig closed 3rd October 2021 on E4
Boeing B-52 Stratofortress

The B-52 Stratofortress is a bomber which, with in-air refueling, can fly long distances to reach targets anywhere in the world. The B-52 can carry up to 70000 lbs of bombs and weapons in its large bomb bays, and on wing hard points.

This airplane is one of the most significant in modern aviation history on several levels. It was created in 1948 as a strategic nuclear bomber, and first flew in the early 1950s. The B-52 fought its first war, under the code name of "Arc Light" in Vietnam from 1965 through 1973. The B-52 is a direct ancestor of many of the airliners which have made Boeing Aircraft, one of the most successful privately owned aerospace company in the world. The B-52 will stay in military service until around 2040. It is not clear what will replace it as the United States Air Force's main strategic bomber.

Hudson River

The Hudson River is in the State of New York in the United States. It is about 315 miles (507 km) long. The river runs from Lake Tear of the Clouds near Mount Marcy in Essex County in the north part of the state to New York Harbor in New York City at the south part of the state. It is named for Henry Hudson.

The Hudson River is a special kind of river called an estuary. There is some salt in the water from New York City north until Poughkeepsie. It is then fresh water from Poughkeepsie north until Lake Tear of the Clouds. The border for the salt in the water moves when the tide rises and falls. The Hudson is part of the Erie Canal from New York City to Albany. The Hudson River used to have a lot of pollution from industry, but it is becoming cleaner now.

The lower part of this river separates New York from New Jersey and is sometimes called the North River.


George Washington Bridge

The George Washington Bridge is a suspension bridge over the Hudson River. It connects part of New York City, New York to Fort Lee, New Jersey. It is long. It was designed by Othmar H. Ammann. Building began on October 21, 1927. The bridge was opened on October 25, 1931. It cost $59 million. A second level was added below the main level and opened to traffic on August 29, 1962. There are also walkways for pedestrians and bicyclists on the north and south sides of the bridge.

The main span of the bridge is long. It is wide. It is suspended by four cables. Each cable weighs 28,450 tons and is made from 26,474 individual wires. The total length of all the wire in the four cables is .

Ammann chose the location for the bridge because the river was narrower at this point. The banks on either side were high. That meant the bridge could be tall enough for ships to pass underneath, without having to build long rising bridge approaches.

Freddy Krueger

Freddy Krueger is a fictional character from the "A Nightmare on Elm Street" movies. He was created by Wes Craven and he is the bad guy of the movies. In the first movie a mom told her kid that a long time ago, Freddy killed a bunch of people's kids and the parents got mad and they burnt Freddy. Right before Freddy died some ghosts told Freddy that he can come back to life if he will take over dreams, and Freddy said yes, so he became a vengeful spirit who kills people in their dreams.

In suburban Ohio, Freddy went after the kids of the parents that killed him. During their nightmares, Freddy would be there and he would kill them in their dreams, and whatever Freddy did in the dream would happen in real life. Then there was this girl named Nancy, she had nightmares about Freddy, and wanted to kill him to stop him from killing anymore. So on purpose, one night she fell asleep to fight Freddy.

There have been 8 movies involving Freddy Krueger, a crossover battle movie between him and Jason Voorhees, and a remake was made in 2010. The first 8 starred Robert Englund as Freddy, but in the new one, a man named Jackie Earle Haley plays him.

In the movie Freddy has this claw he wears, it has fingernails built into it made out of knives. This is a very dangerous weapon, he kills people with it. He has had the same glove throughout all of the 7 movies. But there was another movie, "New Nightmare", where his claw was remodeled to look scarier.

Freddy wears a dirty, torn, old red and green sweater and pants. He also wears a dirty brown hat. Freddy's classic outfit was changed in the movie called "New Nightmare"

Golani Brigade

The Golani Brigade (also known as Brigade No. 1) is an Israeli infantry brigade that was formed February 28, 1948 when the Levanoni Brigade was divided in two smaller brigades. It is one of the most highly decorated infantry units in the Israel Defense Forces.

The symbol of the brigade is a green olive tree with its roots on a yellow background. The tree symbolizes strength, and the colors symbolize areas where Golani had fought. Early Golani soldiers were farmers and new immigrants, so they chose to make their beret brown, like the land.

During the 1950s, the Golani Brigade participated in many operations, most notably the 1951 operation against Syria and the October 1955 operation against Egypt. In the 1956 Sinai Campaign Golani's task was to capture the area around the city Rafah in the Sinai desert.

At Golani Junction in the north of Israel stands the Golani Brigade Museum commemorating the brigade and its heroes. The Golani brigade has earned a reputation for its tough soldiers. They are known as being very brave and friendly, but also as being very reckless when things do not go their way. That is why they are so feared by Israel's enemies. Also, the Golani Brigade is the only brigade with the heavy IDF Achzarit armored personnel carriers. The Achzarit is a very heavily armored vehicle designed for the requirements of urban fighting.

Golani's recon company (Sayeret Golani) is one of the most respected special forces units in the IDF. This unit, together with Sayeret Matkal, re-took the Mount Hermon position in the 1973 Yom Kippur War. This unit's soldiers are so dedicated that in 1994 one of its commanders rescued himself from an enemy minefield after half his right leg was blown-off. He applied the bandages to his leg himself, and he is now a senior commander in the IDF. In 1976 some of the Golani Brigade were sent to Uganda to rescue 246 Jewish hostages on Air France flight 139, hijacked by PLO terrorists. Despite winning the battle, the mission commander was killed.

As of 2004, Golani operates within the northern border of Israel and in the West Bank (mainly Jenin). During 2004, a Golani battalion reinforced the Givati Brigade in the Gaza Strip. In July 2006 Golani took part in the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict and the fierce battle of Bint Jbeil () where they lost 9 troops.






Salt mine

A salt mine is a mine where salt is taken from the earth. Very often, this is done in the mountains. It is different from a salt evaporation pond, where salt is taken from salt water. Getting salt from different layers of rock in a mountain used to be a very dangerous job. The Romans used to sentence prisoners to this kind of labour.

Usually the salt is mixed with rock that has chlorides and sulfates. 

Empty salt mines are used very often as a storage area, for example, for unused radioactive elements (from nuclear power plants). Salt mines are empty if there is no salt left to take, or if taking the salt that is left would be too expensive.

Key signature

A key signature is a group of sharps or flats which are printed at the beginning of a line/measure of music. It shows which notes have to be changed into sharps or flats. For example: if there is one sharp in the key signature it will be an F sharp. It means that every time the note F is written one plays (or sings) an F sharp (on a keyboard: the black note just to the right of the F) instead.

There are twelve major and twelve minor keys (properly called “modes"). This is because a scale can start on any note, and there are twelve notes within an octave: seven white notes and five black notes on a keyboard. Each major key has its own key signature. The relationship between the keys is explained in the article "circle of fifths". Each minor key shares a key signature with one of the major keys.

There are fifteen possible key signatures: up to seven sharps, up to seven flats, or no sharps or flats. The reason why there are fifteen and not twelve is because three of them have two possible names: F sharp major (6 sharps) can also be called G flat, C sharp is D flat and B is C flat. We call these enharmonic i.e. the same note but with a different name.

There are two reasons for writing a key signature. Firstly, it saves writing out lots of sharps or flats during the piece. Secondly, it helps the player to think in the key (music) of the piece. This helps to understand the music better.

If the composer wants any extra sharps or flats during the piece, or he wants to cancel the ones in the key signature, these can be written in the music. These are called accidentals. An accidental is always written before the note it belongs to (we say “C sharp” but we write the sharp sign and then the note C). As an example: in a piece in G major all Fs are F sharps. If the composer wants a C sharp he writes a sharp sign in front of the C that needs to be sharpened. This will last for the rest of the bar (measure). If he wants a B flat he has to write it in. If he wants an F instead of the usual F sharp he writes a natural sign. There are also double sharps (the sign looks like an x) and double flats (two flat signs). An F double sharp is an F sharp that has been sharpened. It is the same note as G.

Key signatures are written at the beginning of each line of music. This helps the player to remember what the key signature is. The time signature, however, is only written at the beginning of the piece (the order is: clef – key signature – time signature). Sometimes music changes key (modulates) during a piece. If the music is going to stay in the new key for some time the composer may decide to change the key signature. Another reason for changing the key signature might be that the music has modulated to a key like G sharp major with eight sharps (including a double sharp). It is easier to read the music if it is written in A flat major (4 flats). 

One can tell from the key signature what key a piece is in so long as one knows whether it is major or minor (see “mode”). For example: a key signature of one sharp is either G major or E minor. The best way to find out which it is would be to see whether the end of the piece is based on G major or E minor. Also: if the piece is in the minor key it is very likely that there will be several accidentals in the piece which sharpen the 7th note of the scale (in this case changing a lot of the Ds to D sharps).

Some modern composers do not use key signatures. This is often the case when the music is atonal or not very firmly in one key. If there are lots of sharps and flats and the bars are very long they may write accidentals in front of every note that needs one instead of just once in a bar. This should be explained at the top of the music. It may also be because the piece is modal.

One way to read key signatures is to use the order of sharps and flats. The order of sharps is F-C-G-D-A-E-B. This means that if a piece has two sharps at the beginning, they will be F and C. You can also find the tonic note (“do” in solfege) for key signatures with sharps by going to the note you left on (so, in our example with the two sharps, would be C) and moving up a note in the alphabet, giving us D as our home note. It’s a bit different for the order of flats, which is B-E-A-D-G-C-F. We will still count the flats, meaning that if there are two flats at the beginning they will be B and E, but we find the tonic note differently. For the order of flats, we will go back one in the order, meaning that in our example our home note is B flat. If there is only one flat in the key signature, the tonic is F since it’s at the end of the order. If there are no sharps or flats in the key signature, the tonic is C.


Virtuoso

A virtuoso is someone (usually in the performing arts) who is an expert in his or her field. 

A musical virtuoso is one who plays a musical instrument very well. Musicians who have exceptional talent and can play extremely fast and difficult music are "virtuosi" (plural of "virtuoso"). In the 19th century Niccolò Paganini was a virtuoso violinist as well as a composer. Franz Liszt was a virtuoso pianist and composer.

Musicians may sometimes talk about “virtuoso music” meaning music which is so difficult that only a virtuoso could play it.

Nancy Pelosi

Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro Pelosi (born March 26, 1940) is an American politician. She served as the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 2019 to 2023. She was also Speaker from 2007 to 2011. She represents the 12th district of California, which is part of the city of San Francisco. She was first elected to Congress in 1987. 

Pelosi is a member of the Democratic Party. She is the first woman to lead a major party in the United States Congress. She is also the first woman and the first Italian-American to be the Speaker of the House. On January 3, 2019, Pelosi was elected speaker for the second time. This would make her the first former speaker to become speaker again since Sam Rayburn in 1955.

In the 2022 midterm elections, Republicans won control of the House, thus ending her second speakership. She announced her retirement as the leader of the House Democratic Caucus, but said she would remain a member of the House. On November 29, 2022, the House Democratic Caucus appointed Pelosi Speaker Emerita of the United States House of Representatives.

Pelosi was born in University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center in Towson, Maryland and she is of Italian heritage. Her father, Thomas D'Alesandro, Junior, was Mayor of Baltimore, Maryland. He served five terms in Congress. Her brother, Thomas D'Alesandro III, also was Mayor of Baltimore. He died in October 2019, aged 90.

Pelosi graduated from Trinity College in Washington, D.C. in 1962. She and her husband, Paul Pelosi, have five children: Nancy Corinne, Christine, Jacqueline, Paul and Alexandra. They also have five grandchildren.

On September 24, 2019, Pelosi announced the start of first impeachment hearings into Donald Trump. In December 2019, the House formally impeached Trump, though he was later acquitted in the Senate.

On January 14, 2021, Pelosi announced the start of the second impeachment hearings into Donald Trump. In February 2021, the Senate acquitted Trump with a vote of 57 senators voting "guilty" to 43 "not guilty". 

On August 5, 2022, China imposed sanctions on Speaker Pelosi and her immediate family. This was because she visited Taiwan on August 2. 

Delaware River

The Delaware River is a large river estuary in the Northeast United States. It is about 280 miles (450 km) long. It begins in the Catskill Mountains in southeast New York State and ends at the Atlantic Ocean at Delaware Bay. It forms the border or part of the border between the states of Pennsylvania and New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey and also between Delaware and New Jersey. The cities of Trenton, New Jersey, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania are on the Delaware River.

Another name for this river is the South River. It is named for Thomas West, 3rd Lord De La Warr, a colonial Governor of Virginia.


Mal Evans

Malcolm 'Mal' Evans (27 May 1935 – 5 January 1976) was a road manager and assistant to The Beatles, the most popular rock and roll band of the 1960s.

Evans was hired to help Neil Aspinall, who was the band's original road manager. Tall and strong, Evans was sometimes called "The Gentle Giant". His wife was called Lil.

Aspinall's and Evans's jobs changed through the years. At first they were in charge of driving the Beatles's musical equipment to places where they were to perform, setting it up ahead of time, and taking it down later to prepare for their next show. As the band became popular, they had other people to help.

Evans sometimes served as a bodyguard to the Beatles, protecting them from fans who got out of control, or might want to hurt members of the band. He also sometimes forged their autographs on photographs, when the band themselves did not have the chance to sign them, and helped choose girls from concert audiences to meet later with the band. (Aspinall also did these duties.) After the Beatles stopped performing live in 1966, he worked for them in other ways.

Along with playing musical instruments on a few of their songs (organ on "You Won't See Me", trumpet on "Helter Skelter", tambourine on "Dear Prudence", and an anvil on "Maxwell's Silver Hammer"), and singing on "Yellow Submarine" and "You Know My Name (Look Up the Number)", Evans also helped with lyrics from time to time. Paul McCartney paid him in cash for help with "Fixing A Hole", instead of giving him co-credit.

Evans appeared on-camera in both "Magical Mystery Tour" (as a magician), and "Let it Be". He is seen during the rooftop concert in "Let it Be", stalling the police who had come to stop the Beatles from performing. The sound of their music had caused a traffic jam on the street below.

He was also responsible for Badfinger being signed to the Beatles's record label, Apple Records.

Evans was fired in 1970 by Allen Klein, who had taken over many of the jobs once held by the late Beatles manager, Brian Epstein. Later Evans separated from his wife, and moved to the United States. During 1974 he was a companion and helper to John Lennon, who was staying in Los Angeles while separated from his wife, Yoko Ono.

Early in 1976, Evans had a fight with his girlfriend, who called the police when he locked himself in a room with a air rifle. Fearing he might hurt other people, the police shot him dead. The policeman in charge admitted the shooting "was all a mistake".

Evans wrote an autobiography, "Living with the Beatles Legend", which has never been published in full, but extracts were printed in 2005.

Camucamu

Camucamu ("Myrciaria dubia"), also called camu camu, cacari, and camocamo, is a type of tree that lives in the Amazon Rainforest. Its fruit is high in Vitamin C.

Geddy Lee

Geddy Lee (born Gary Lee Weinrib on July 29, 1953 in Toronto, Ontario) is the Canadian bass guitarist, singer, and synth player of the rock band Rush. He is known for melodic basslines and high pitched singing. 

In the 1970s, Geddy Lee mainly used Rickenbacker 4001 basses. For the Grace Under Pressure album he used Steinberger basses. From the mid-80's to mid-90's he used Wal basses. Currently, he uses Fender Jazz basses.

Eva Perón

María Eva Duarte de Perón (May 7, 1919 – July 26, 1952) was the second wife of Argentine President Juan Perón. She was born in Los Toldos. She was the First Lady of Argentina from 1946 until she died and she served with her husband as an unofficial co-ruler of Argentina during those years. Before she died, the National Congress of Argentina made her Spiritual Leader of the Nation. She was an actress before she married Perón.

Eva grew up fairly poor and had wanted to become an actress since an early age. At sixteen, she left school and moved to Buenos Aires to pursue her dream of stardom. She got a job at a radio station there until she met Juan Perón at a charity concert held for the victims of the earthquake of San Juan in 1944. Soon, the two became very close and they were married on October 21, 1945. Eva was an active campaigner in Juan Perón's presidential campaign in 1946, and when he was elected, she continued to play an active government role.

By the time of her death, she was one of the most powerful women, or maybe even the most powerful woman, in the world. She is known for her work in many charitable and feminist causes, and became an icon to many people in Argentina. Evita was President of the Peronist Women's Party, a big and powerful political party made up of women who supported the Peróns' party. She ran the Ministry of Labor and the Ministry of Health. She helped legalize divorce in Argentina, as well as playing a leading role in enacting women's suffrage in Argentina. The Maria Eva Duarte de Perón Welfare Foundation gave a lot of funds, goods and medicine to the poor. The poor liked Evita Perón a lot. Her life inspired a musical called "Evita" and a movie based on the musical called "Evita". The movie starred Madonna.

Her cancer was detected during a hysterectomy in November 1951, but the doctors were encouraged by Juan Perón, to keep it to themselves in order to not influence the presidential campaign negatively. When she died of cervical cancer in Buenos Aires, her corpse was embalmed After her husband was overthrown in a coup d'état in 1955, her body was lost for almost 20 years, until it was found in Italy. It was brought back to Argentina and buried with her husband after he died in 1974. It was brought back by the President Isabel Perón, who was married to Juan Perón years after Eva's death. In memory of her life's work, a giant portrait on the front of Argentina's Social Development Ministry was unveiled on 26 July 2011, exactly 59 years after her death.

Embalming

Embalming is the act of preserving a dead body, so it will not decompose. If a human body is not embalmed, it will start to decay very quickly. Because of this, most bodies are embalmed if they will be on display (for example, lying in state) for a funeral. 

Embalming is similar to mummification, which many ancient peoples did to dead bodies. Embalming is different from taxidermy, where only the skin is preserved.

The oldest mummified corpses that have ever been found were mummified around 5000-6000 BCE. These corpses are called the Chinchorro mummies. These dead bodies were mummified by ancient people who lived in the Atacama desert, in what is now Chile and Peru.

The ancient Egyptians often mummified dead bodies. They started mummifying corpses as early as 3200 BCE. They believed that once a dead body was mummified, the body's soul could find its way back to the body and begin its journey to the afterlife.

Ancient cultures from Ethiopia, Peru, Tibet, and southern Nigeria also used embalming techniques. So did the Guanches, the Jivaro Indians, the Aztecs, the Toltecs, and the Mayans.

In ancient Europe, embalming dead bodies was less common. The earliest known preserved bodies in Europe are about 5000 years old. These bodies were covered in cinnabar to preserve them. They were found in Osorno, Spain. Embalming dead bodies was unusual in Europe up to the time of the Roman Empire.

Archaeologists have found preserved bodies in China from the time of the Han dynasty (206 BCE – 220 ACE). Nobody knows how these bodies were preserved.

By about 500 ACE, knowledge about preserving bodies had spread from ancient cultures, and embalming became much more common in Europe. This happened partly because science and medicine were developing, and scientists needed to dissect dead bodies to learn more about the human body. If bodies were not preserved, they would decay right away, and scientists could not dissect them or keep them for other scientists to learn from.

The English physician William Harvey created the modern method of embalming in the 17th century. This method involves injecting chemicals into a dead body's arteries to keep the body from decaying.

Up until the middle of the 18th century, embalming was used mostly in science and medicine. However, in the mid-18th century, the Scottish surgeon William Hunter used Harvey's methods to preserve bodies in morgues. His brother, John Hunter, was the first to advertise embalming to regular people who wanted to see their loved ones' bodies preserved after death.

In the 19th century, many people became more interested in embalming dead friends and relatives. For example, sometimes a person might want to be buried at a far-away place. However, first, the people who cared about them would want to see their body and pay their last respects to that person. They could do this if the body was embalmed, because the body would not decay.
In the United States, embalming became very common during the time of the Civil War. This happened because many people died far from home while fighting in the war. Their bodies needed to be returned home to be buried, and embalming kept their bodies from decaying during these long trips. When President Abraham Lincoln was killed, embalming allowed his body to be sent home to be buried. This made people in the United States more aware about embalming.

In the past, if a person died from an infectious disease, their body would be buried very quickly to prevent the disease from spreading. Embalming became more common as a way to keep diseases from spreading.

By the mid-19th century, people began to run businesses that provided funerals and burials. At that time, the people who ran these businesses were called undertakers. (Now they are called funeral directors.) These people began to use embalming methods regularly, instead of using older methods like packing bodies in ice. 

Until the early 20th century, arsenic was often used to embalm bodies. Eventually it was replaced by other chemicals that work better and are less poisonous. In 1867, the German chemist August Wilhelm von Hofmann discovered formaldehyde. Scientists soon realized that this chemical worked very well to preserve dead bodies. Soon formaldehyde replaced other chemicals as the most common chemical used to embalm bodies.

In the United States and the Western world, embalming is now very common. Usually, there are a few steps to embalming:

Usually, embalming takes a few hours.

Embalming does not keep a body from decaying forever. It is meant to preserve a dead person's body for a little while. This allows people to see the body during funeral services, and allows bodies to be shipped to far-away places to be buried. However, no matter what type of embalming is used, the body will eventually decompose.

Different religions have many different ideas about embalming. For example, these religious usually allow embalming:

Some religions, like some Neopagan religions, discourage embalming, but do not forbid it.

Some religions say that embalming is never allowed. These religions include:


Taxidermy

Taxidermy (which comes from the Greek word for "the arrangement of skin") is act of taking the skin of an animals and preserving it, by putting it on a fake body. If you perform taxidermy, you taxiderm. Taxidermed animals can be mounted and put on display, sometimes in a museum or a home. People who taxidermy animals are called taxidermists. Many hunters and fishermen taxidermine the animals they catch and kill for trophies. Ones that are on display in museums are used to make dioramas and for educational purposes. Some people taxiderm their pets and other street animals.

Guantanamo Bay Naval Base

Guantanamo Bay is a bay in the south of the island of Cuba. Part of it is controlled by the United States. They took control of it in 1903, under a treaty between the United States and Cuba. The current government of Cuba does not see this treaty as legal. They say it violates International law (more specifically, the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties of 1969).

The southern part of the bay is surrounded by a navy station of the United States. The name of the station (or base) is sometimes shortened to GTMO, called "Gitmo". The mission of this station is to act to prevent terrorism, help people who are fleeing Cuba and stop drug crime.

This base is also now used as a place to keep people captured by American forces from Afghanistan and Iraq. Also some prisoners were taken from other countries, like Britain and France. Some people say that these people do not get the rights that they should get as prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions. One reason that they are there may be that the laws of the United States do not apply to them. According to some well-known human rights groups, some prisoners have been tortured and others may have been badly treated according the FBI Inquiry. This has also been reported by some Europeans who were taken by CIA "torture flights" and have now been released.

There is a lot of argument about Guantanamo Bay. This camp is a navy base and would sometimes hold people who had escaped from the Cuban government by sea. Now it also has a prison for people who oppose the United States, including some soldiers. Some people have called it a concentration camp. George W. Bush has said that it is sometimes used for prisoners of war, but many human rights groups accuse America of keeping people from countries they are not at war with. This was shown to be sometimes true when British prisoners were returned home in 2003.

This camp may be used for prisoners who are seen as terrorists by the United States. These people are detained because there is not enough evidence to give them a trial in a court. About 300 to 400 men are in this prison. They are almost all Muslims who are said to have attacked American troops. Some of these people were captured during the war in Afghanistan. Some were taken by force from other countries. There has been some evidence of torture taking place at the camp. Some prisoners have tried to kill themselves. Others have been on hunger strike, where they refuse to eat. These prisoners are not forced to work, but they have not been given fair trials.

There is now some work starting to bring Guantanamo prisoners to some justice. Some people have been sent back to their home countries, some have been sent to other countries. Some people who were shown to not be terrorists have then been released by their governments, some people are now in prison in their home countries. Some people from China have been sent to Albania, possibly because China did not want them back.

Munich U-Bahn

The Munich U-Bahn is an underground railway network in the city of Munich, Germany. It is run by the "Münchner Verkehrsgesellschaft", or MVG for short. It has 6 lines and has a network of 103,1 km (64,1 miles) and has exactly 100 stations. Only one line, the U6 crosses the city border in Garching.

There are currently 7 lines:

The trains can go 80 km/h, which is the fastest in Germany.
Only the lines U5 and U6 are partly above ground. The U5 comes over ground only at the last station, the U6 for the last six stations in the north.

Trains run every 10 minutes, in rush hours every 5 minutes. In the early morning and late evening trains run every 20 minutes.

There are 3 "line families". They share the tunnel in the city centre. Each family has a colour. It is used in the stations.

Almost every station has a platform in the middle. Only the stations "Olympia-Einkaufszentrum" (U1), "Richard-Strauss-Straße" (U4), "Neuperlach Süd" (U5), "Garching-Hochbrück" and "Nordfriedhof" (both U6) have platforms on the side.

At the stations "Innsbrucker Ring" (U2/U5) and "Scheidplatz" (U2/U3) there are four tracks with two platforms. To change trains you only have to go to the other side of the platforms. Two lines cross at these stations. The stations "Hauptbahnhof (Central Station)" (U1/U2) and "Münchner Freiheit" (U3/U6) have four tracks. At the "Hauptbahnhof" there are two more tracks on another level for the U4 and U5. Here two lines separate. The stations "Kolumbusplatz" (U1/U2), "Implerstraße" (U3/U6) and "Max-Weber-Platz" (U4/U5) have three platforms. Two for trains to the city and one for trains from the city. Two lines separate at these stations.

In 1980 the U1 started running with the U8 (now the U2). After the branch to Rotkreuzplatz was opened, it became a single line.

Today the U1 is 12.2 km long. It runs between Olympia-Einkaufszentrum and Wettersteinplatz. It shares track with U2 between Hauptbahnhof (Central Station) and Kolumbusplatz.

In 1980 it started together with the U1. First it was called U8. Today it is 24.4 km long. It runs between Feldmoching and Messestadt Ost. It shares track with U1 between Hauptbahnhof (Central Station) and Kolumbusplatz.

In 1972 this line was opened, because of the Olympic Games.

The line is 21.0 km long. It runs between Moosach and Fürstenried West. It shares track with the U6 between Münchner Freiheit and Implerstraße.

The U4 was named U9 at first. It opened together with the U5.
The line is the shortest in the network. It is 9.3 km long and has only 13 stations. It runs between Arabellapark to Westendstraße. Between Max-Weber-Platz and Westendstraße. In the evenings, it only operates between Lehel and Arabellapark.

The U5 was opened together with the U4.
The line is 15.4 km long. It runs between Laimer Platz and Neuperlach Süd.

U6 is the oldest and longest line. The first bit was built in 1938, but it was opened in 1971. It is 27.4 km long. It operates between Garching-Forschungszentrum and Klinikum Großhadern.

The line was opened in 2011. It runs beetween Westfriedhof and Neuperlach Zentrum only in rush hour.

The Munich U-Bahn uses three different kinds of trains. Altogether there are 550 trains, which can be used on any line.




Richard Strauss

Richard Strauss (born Munich June 11 1864; died Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria, September 8 1949) was a German composer. He soon became very famous when he was a young man. His tone-poems including "Also sprach Zarathustra" were played by orchestras all over Europe. After 1900 he spent most of his time writing operas including "Salome". His opera "Der Rosenkavalier", written in 1910, is extremely popular. Strauss was the last great composer who wrote in a Romantic style. He liked the music of Wagner who was a great influence on his music, but he also liked Mozart and his work also shows the elegance and grace of Mozart’s music. Strauss was a very good conductor and often conducted his own music. 

He is not related to the Austrian Johann Strauss family famous for their waltzes.

Gustav Mahler

Gustav Mahler (born Kalischt (now Kalište), Bohemia, July 7 1860; died Vienna, May 18 1911) was a Czech-Austrian composer and conductor. He was one of the last great composers of the Romantic period. He wrote ten symphonies (he left the tenth symphony unfinished) and several collections of songs with orchestral accompaniment. He was very interested in German folk song and he found new ways to use folk song in large orchestral symphonies. His work "Das Lied von der Erde" ("The Song of the Earth") is one of his greatest works, combining song with the sonata form of a symphony. He was also a great conductor and helped to make the Vienna Opera world famous.

Gustav Mahler was born on 7 July 1860 into a Jewish family. He was the second of 12 children and the first one of the six who were to survive childhood and grow up to adults. His father worked hard to build up his business. He owned a distillery and seven taverns in Iglau to where the family moved in the autumn of 1860. There he heard a lot of music: military music, folk music and different kinds of art music. He learned the piano and performed in public in 1870 and started to compose.

In 1875 he went to study at the Vienna Conservatory. After a while he gave up studying the piano and concentrated on composition and conducting. He was very interested in Wagner’s ideas about philosophy and politics, and he studied philosophy at the University of Vienna. He started to earn some money by teaching. His first important composition was a cantata called "Das klagende Lied".

Mahler’s first job as a conductor was at Bad Hall in Upper Austria. The small opera company there was not very good and the music they sang was just light operetta. Mahler soon found another job at Laibach (now called Ljubljana). They sang better music there, but he only stayed one year. His next job was in Olmütz (now called Olomouc). The standard of singing was not very good, but Mahler was very strict. Although the singers did not like him at first he helped them to become better. Then he got a job in Kassel, but he had to conduct a lot of operettas. He had an unhappy love affair with one of the singers. This inspired him to write a collection of orchestral songs "Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen" and he started his first symphony.

In 1885 he got a conducting job in Prague. For the first time he was able to conduct works for which he was to become famous: operas by Mozart, Wagner, and music by Beethoven. However, Mahler had arguments with the people he worked with and so he left Prague.

Mahler’s next job was in Leipzig. The orchestra of the Neues Stadttheater was larger and much better than any he had worked for until then. One of the conductors who worked there was Arthur Nikisch. He was very famous, and the young Mahler was often criticized because he was very different to Nikisch and the way he conducted. When Nikisch was ill Mahler conducted "Die Walküre" and "Siegfried". This helped him to show that he was a great conductor. He met the grandson of the composer Carl Maria von Weber who gave him sketches for an opera "Die Drei Pintos" which Weber had left unfinished. The sketches were very difficult to read, but Mahler completed the opera and performed it. He also worked at his own compositions and he met Richard Strauss who was to remain a close friend until his death.

In 1888 Mahler got a job at the Royal Opera in Budapest. Although it was a good theatre they were in financial problems. The Hungarians wanted Mahler to make it a Hungarian national opera using Hungarian singers as much as possible. However, there were not many good Hungarian singers. The opera company did not like German operas, preferring light opera and ballet. He did not have much time to compose because he was too busy with administrative jobs. So he left Budapest. By this time both his parents had died.

From 1891 to 1897 Mahler had a conducting post at Hamburg. Here there was an opera company of international standard. Mahler soon became world famous. He conducted many operas as well as orchestral concerts. He conducted in London in 1892 and was invited back again but he did not accept because he wanted time to compose. He spent the summer months composing, writing his music down in short score (not showing the orchestration) and during the theatre season he would revise and orchestrate them. The performance of his Second Symphony in Berlin in 1895 was a huge success.

Since the death of his parents Mahler had supported his two sisters. He had encouraged his brother Otto to become a musician, but Otto committed suicide. Mahler continued to support his two sisters until they married two famous brothers: Eduard and Arnold Rosé in 1898 and 1902.

Mahler was becoming very famous. In 1897 he went on tour to Moscow, Munich and Budapest. However, he really wanted a job in Vienna, but because he was Jewish it was going to be very hard for him to find work there, so he became a Roman Catholic. Soon afterwards he became Kapellmeister in Vienna.

In Vienna Mahler soon became famous for his conducting of Wagner and Mozart. His friend Guido Adler paid for the publication of his First and Third Symphonies. Mahler replaced Hans Richter as conductor of the Philharmonic Concerts. Mahler attracted bigger audiences, but he had disagreements with the players. They did not like some of his unusual ideas and he was very strict. After an illness in 1901 he resigned. He bought a house in Maiernigg in Carinthia where he spent his summers composing. In 1901 he fell in love with Alma Schindler whose father Anton Schindler was a famous landscape painter. She was nearly twenty years younger than Mahler. She was studying composition, but Mahler made her give up composing so that she could devote herself to being a good wife. This made the relationship between them rather difficult. In 1910 Mahler went to see the psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud. Freud helped him to understand not only his marriage problems but also his creative nature. He now felt a deeper love for Alma than he ever had before.

At the Hofoper Mahler conducted many of the great operas, but not many new ones. He wanted to conduct Richard Strauss’s new opera "Salomé", but the censors did not allow it to be performed. Nevertheless, Mahler’s years conducting in Vienna were very important because he had many new ideas. Through his wife he met many artists, especially those connected with the Sezession movement. One of them, Alfred Roller, designed the sets for a new production of "Tristan und Isolde". He became Mahler’s chief stage designer. At last Mahler could work closely with someone who shared his views. They staged many operas together: "Fideleo", "Don Giovanni ", "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", "Le Nozze di Figaro", "Die Zauberflöte" and "Iphigénie en Aulide".

Mahler felt much more secure now that he was married. This made him more creative. He composed his "Eighth Symphony" very quickly. It needs a huge orchestra and choir, which is why it is often called "Symphony of a Thousand". Mahler thought it was his best work.

Mahler never became a teacher, but he gave a lot of encouragement to young composers such as Arnold Schoenberg, Alban Berg, Anton Webern and Alexander Zemlinsky. However, there were music critics in Vienna who were anti-Jewish and made things difficult for him. In 1907 his elder daughter Maria died from scarlet fever. More bad news followed when Mahler was found to have a bad heart. The doctor said he must give up his favourite pastimes: going for walks, cycling and swimming. Mahler had done a tremendous amount for the cultural life of Vienna, but he decided it was time to leave. The last thing he conducted in Vienna was his Second Symphony.

Mahler was invited to go to America to conduct the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. It was very different from what he had been used to in Europe. Instead of working with a group of singers who worked together as a team, the operas at the Metropolitan Opera were sung by great operatic stars. Mahler did not try to change this. He even agreed to make cuts to Wagner operas. Then he was invited to be the conductor of the New York Philharmonic so he resigned from the Metropolitan. The last time he conducted there was as a guest artist.

In 1909 he finished his Ninth Symphony. He was very busy conducting in Europe. In January 1911 he conducted his Fourth Symphony in New York. Then he became ill and decided to go to Vienna. He arrived there on 12 May but he died a few weeks later at the age of 50.

Mahler was one of the last composers who belonged to the great musical tradition of Germany and Austria. Although many German composers had written great symphonies (e.g. Beethoven), Mahler found something new to say in his music. His symphonies often have long melodies and he uses folk song as well as new sounds in the orchestra. Mahler worked most of his life in the theatre, and this influences his musical language. A good example is "Symphony No.4" which starts in the happy key of G major where the music describes the early life, but finishes in E major where the soprano soloist sings about the heavenly pleasures.

Mahler became very interested in German folksong and he composed several sets of orchestral songs. He took poems from the collection called "Des Knaben Wunderhorn" ("The Boy’s Magic Horn"). These songs were originally medieval, but Mahler made them feel very different by interpreting them through his own personality. The language of his songs is heard in his symphonies, four of which use singing (nos 2, 3, 4 and 8). He wrote nine symphonies and started a tenth, but died before it was finished.

Mahler was a great orchestrator. Some of his later works need a very large orchestra. He often used unusual effects, e.g. in his First Symphony there is a double bass solo playing very high notes, accompanied by timpani.

His set of orchestral songs "Das Lied von der Erde" ("The Song of the Earth") are like a symphony, but he did not call it a symphony. This was for superstitious reasons: several great composers, including Beethoven, had written nine symphonies and then died.

As a conductor Mahler had a tremendous influence on musical life in Europe. He often conducted his own works. When he conducted works by other composers he played it according to his own ideas. He even made changes to the orchestration of some works by Beethoven. He was not the sort of conductor who tried to make the music as close as possible to what the composer had wanted. He always wanted the music to sound very clear.


Boston Marathon

The Boston Marathon is a famous marathon which is run every April in Boston, Massachusetts on Patriot's Day. The distance of the race is 26.2 miles or 26 miles and 385 yards. To participate, runners need to qualify ahead of time by getting a certain time on another marathon first. This time is different depending on how old the runner is. (Every year, some runners who do not qualify are allowed in by raising money for charity).

During the 2013 Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013, two explosions happened near the finish line at 2:49 PM EDT. Three people were killed and around 183 people were injured.


Ultramarathon

An ultramarathon is a running race that is longer than a 26.2 mile marathon race. The most common distances for ultramarathons are:


The most famous ultramarathon run in the United States is the Western States 100 Mile Race.

Captain Planet

Captain Planet is the main character of the animated television series Captain Planet and the Planeteers. He is a superhero summoned when the powers of Earth, Fire, Wind, Water, and Heart are put together. On June 27, 2013, Sony Pictures announced that they are currently producing a live-action movie based on Captain Planet.


World of Warcraft

World of Warcraft is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG). It was made by Blizzard Entertainment. The game setting is the same for other games using the name "Warcraft". It has seven expansions, "", "", "", ", World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor," World of Warcraft: Legion" and World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth."

"Warcraft: Orcs and Humans" was a real-time strategy game. The same for "Warcraft 2" and its add-on, "" and "Warcraft 3" and its add-on, "". "World of Warcraft" is different than the other games because it is a MMORPG. This means that many people from around the world can play together in the online world.

Players move or advance through the game by gaining experience from killing enemies and finishing quests that are given throughout the game. If a player has enough experience, they will gain a level. The maximum level that a player can reach is currently 60. 

Each level is made higher by each expansion by 10 or 5. At the highest level, players can still get stronger by obtaining items from instances and raids, which are dungeons that require 10 to 25 players to work together to take down bosses and enemies. "World of Warcraft" has developed a community of 'raiding guilds' that compete with each other.

Players are allowed to choose from a number of races and classes.
Humans look similar to human beings. Humans may choose from the following classes: warrior, rogue, hunter, paladin, mage, warlock, priest, and death knight.

Humans : Increased stealth detection, increased spirit, bonus reputation gain, good use of swords and maces, escape ability from trapping effects (Every Man for Himself).

Dwarves are short, scruffy, and enjoy their liquor. Dwarves may choose from the following classes: warrior, rogue, paladin, priest, hunter, warlock, mage, shaman

Dwarves : Stone form ability, higher critical strike rate with guns, higher frost resistance, treasure finding ability, good use of maces.

Gnomes are very short and mischievous and enjoy explosions and dangerous tools, their hair color may be pink or green or other colors. Gnomes may choose from the following classes: warrior, rogue, warlock, mage, and death knight.

Gnome : Escape ability from trapping effects (Escape Artist), increased intelligence, higher arcance resistance, bonus to engineering skill.

Night elves are tall and muscular. Their skin can be colored purple to pale white. Night elves may choose from the following classes: warrior, rogue, druid, priest, hunter, and death knight.

Night Elf : Ability to fade into the shadows (Shadowmeld), harder to hit, move faster while dead, higher nature resistance.

Draenei are tall blue creatures from the planet Draenor. Draenei may choose from the following classes: warrior, shaman, paladin, mage, priest, hunter, death knight.

Draenei : Bonus to jewelcrafting skill, may heal self or others over time (Gift of the Naru), bonus chance to hit, higher shadow resistance.

Worgen are werewolves that used to be humans. Worgen may choose from the following classes: Mage, Priest, Rogue, Warlock, Warrior, Druid, Hunter, and Death Knight.

Worgen : Bonus to skinning skill, may skin without skinning knife, increased shadow and nature resistance, bonus critical chance, may move faster for a short period of time (Darkflight).

Orcs are muscular, hairy, and green. Orcs may choose from the following classes: Warrior, Rogue, Shaman, Warlock, Hunter, and Death Knight.

Orc : Have the ability to enrage increasing damage output, resistant to stun effects, pet damage increased, good with axes and fist weapons.
Tauren are very tall, nature-loving cows that walk on two feet. Tauren may choose from the following classes: Warrior, Shaman, Druid, Hunter, and Death Knight.

Tauren : Have the ability to stomp stunning nearby enemies, bonus heath increase, herb gathering skill bonus, increased nature resistance.

Trolls are tall and can have large tusks, ranging from blue to green skin, with very colorful hair. Trolls may choose from the following classes: Warrior, Rogue, Shaman, Mage, Priest, Hunter, and Death Knight.

Troll : Ability to go berserk increasing attack speed, health regeneration bonus, increased damage against beasts, higher critical strike chance with bows and thrown weapons, slowing effects reduced.

Undead of the Forsaken faction are fairly short and pale with stringy hair, and their bones show through their clothing. Undead may choose from the following classes: Warrior, Rogue, Mage, Warlock, Priest, and Death Knight.

Undead : Ability to remove fear, sleep and charm effects, eat corpses to regenerate heath, underwater breathing increased, higher shadow resistance.

Blood Elves are of medium height and very thin, ranging in color from brown to pink to white. They have green eyes and long eyebrows. Blood elves may choose from the following classes: Warrior, Rogue, Paladin, Mage, Warlock, Priest, Hunter, and Death Knight.

Blood Elf : Ability to silence nearby opponents and restore energy, rage, mana and runic power, enchanting skill bonus, higher magic resistance.

Goblins are short, ugly, and green. They are very greedy and like to destroy things. Goblins may choose from the following classes: Mage, Priest, Rogue, Warlock, Warrior, Shaman, Hunter, and Death Knight.

In the game, there are classes. Once a player has made a character, the character's class cannot be changed, but the character can be deleted. Players can have up to 50 characters on each account they pay for, and up to 10 characters per realm. 

Note : There are three key roles in a raid / party group 
Below is a list of classes available in World of Warcraft:

Mages cast spells using arcane, frost, or fire magic. Mages wear cloth armor and are very vulnerable to melee damage. They have access to massive ranged spell damage and area of effect capabilities.

Roles : DPS.

Rogues have a large number of escape tools to get away from battles they do not want to fight. Rogues can stealth (turn invisible) and stun their enemies in melee range, holding one weapon in each hand. Rogues use an energy bar

Roles : DPS.

Warriors can use nearly any one or two-handed weapon in the game, and may use shields. Warriors get angry (gaining "rage" when attacking enemies) and attack their enemies in melee range.

Roles : Tank, DPS.

Paladins may use 1 handed weapons and shields, or 2 handed weapons, they cannot dual wield. Paladins use holy magic via seal and judgment spells to attack in melee range, or they can be healers.

Roles : Tank, DPS, Healer.

Shamans wield the elements of nature and fire (and sometimes frost) spells. Shamans can use shields and can dual wield 1 handed weapons or use 2 handed weapons, and may fight in melee range, may cast from range, or may be healers.

Roles : DPS, Healer.

Warlocks cast shadow and fire magic spells. Warlocks wear cloth armor and are vulnerable to melee damage. Warlocks also summon demonic minions (pets) to help them in battle.

Roles : DPS.

Druids use arcane and nature spells, or may choose talents to be more of a melee fighter. Druids can shift into forms of animals like bear, cat, walrus, and cheetah. Healing druids can turn into a tree form, and the druid caster form is known as Moonkin.

Roles : Tank (Bear or Dire Bear Forms), DPS (Moonkin or Cat Forms), Healer (Tree Form).

Priests wear cloth and are vulnerable to melee damage. Priests can either heal with holy and discipline spells or do damage with shadow spells.

Roles : DPS, Healer.

Hunters attack with a bow, crossbow or guns from range while their pets attack and keep an enemy's hate in melee range. Hunters can tame many kinds of pets including spiders, bears, worms, and wasps.

Roles : DPS.

Death Knights use runes and runic power to attack their enemies in melee range. Death Knights also have a number of ranged abilities to keep their targets from running away in battle.

Roles : Tank, DPS.

When a player gets to level 10, each level up afterward earns one talent point to be put into one of three class-specific talent trees. Different classes have different types of talents that are divided into three "talent trees", which are DPS (Damage Per Second), tanking (taking damage), and healing (healing damage). Putting points into the DPS tree may make them do more damage to enemies, putting points into the tanking tree may make them take less damage, while putting points into the healing tree may make them heal for more damage. However, a talent may not affect it directly.
For example, if a priest character wants to do more damage to enemies, the priest would put talent points into the "Shadow" talent tree. If a priest wants to heal groupmates, the priest would put talent points into the "Holy" talent tree.

Agility - This effects the characters dodge, critical strike and attack power (Although this is only true for certain classes).

Intellect - This determines spell critical strike, and how much damage your spells does.

Spirit - This increases the regeneration of health and mana.

Stamina - Increases the total amount of health you have.

Strength - Increases attack power and block value for a shield.

Armor - Reduces physical damage taken by a percentage.

Attack Power - Attack power increases the characters "melee" damage output.

Hit Rating - This increases the chance to it an enemy. This is capped at 14%.

Ignore Armour Rating - This enables the "melee" damage you cause to ignore a percentage of the opponents armor.

Critical Strike Rating - This effects your chance to cause additional damage on any "melee" attack.

Expertise Rating - Reduces the chance to be dodged or parried.

Attack Power - Attack power increases the characters "Ranged" damage output.

Hit Rating - This increases the chance to it an enemy. This is capped at 14%.

Ignore Armour Rating - This enables the "Ranged" damage you cause to ignore a percentage of the opponents armor.

Critical Strike Rating - This effects your chance to cause additional damage on any "Ranged" attack.

Hit Rating - This increases the chance to it an enemy. This is capped at 8% (So do not go overboard and get 21% like I did, it is a waste of gold).

Spell Penetration - This enables the "Spell / Magic" damage you cause to ignore magical resistance equal to the amount of spell penetration you have.

Critical Strike Rating - This effects your chance to cause additional damage on any "Spell / Magic" attack.

Speed Rating - Causes the cast time of your spells to be reduced. This is useless once it gets to one second, because of a global cooldown on all your spells.

Mana Regeneration - Increases your mana regeneration out of combat and while casting. This is very important for healers so that they do not OOM part way through a fight.

Bonus Damage / Bonus Healing - Some items specifically give you 'spell power' which is similar to attack power. Except it is separated into healing and damage. This is because some items give just these. Example: I help to kill a strong Boss, and I get a new robe. +23 spell power +30 healing power. (I am a DPS so I would give this to the groups healer instead.)

Defense Rating - Increases your likely hood to dodge, block and parry. This is very important for tanks to have. (With cata Changes now does not exist in game.)

Dodge - The ability to dodge an attack and suffer no damage. This is expressed as a percentage.

Parry - The ability to deflect an oncoming attack with your weapon. This is expressed as a percentage.

Resilience - Reduces the damage players, and their pets cause you.

PvE - Stands for Player versus environment. Generally refers to all content in the game that is played against AI controlled units. This typically refers to raids and dungeons.

PvP - Stands for Player versus Player. Refers to all content in the game that is played with / against other human controlled units. Typically refers to Battlegrounds (rated and non-rated), Arenas and City Raids.

Mobs/Adds - A mob or add is a creature that is not player controlled. They are generally used in kill or collection quests. In Dungeons / Raids they can be used to swarm at your group, or to make the game a little bit more challenging. They do not often give very good loot, or experience.

Boss - A Boss is a creature that is not player controlled. They are mainly found inside Dungeons / Raids and are often very difficult to kill. Each Boss is a different fight and requires a large amount of skill and awareness to kill. Bosses give higher than average items, these can range from gear, to mounts and tokens.

Raid - A Raid is a specific area of the game, that is mostly cut off from the main world. The original World of Warcraft allowed up to 40 man Raids. Lately this has been reduced down to 10 mans and 25 mans. A Raid is a place to test your characters skills and interact with other players around the world. In each Raid there are Bosses and Mobs.

Dungeon - A Dungeon is smaller than a raid only being 5 man. Dungeons are designed to take people who have just reached the top level and give them better gear, so that they can start Raiding. Dungeons are also open to people who are still leveling. So that people can get better gear to make leveling faster, Or to complete quests that are inside Dungeons.

Threat - Threat is what causes a creature to attack a target. The Tank needs to generate enough threat to keep the Mobs / Boss attacking him. DPS also need to make sure they do not exceed the Tanks threat on the target. Example: I am a DPS, who is new. I cast lots of high threat spells during a Boss fight. The Boss turns around and kills me because I had more threat than the Tank. Since no one else had more Threat than the Tank the Boss re-focuses of him again. And I have to sit down and watch everyone fighting because I am dead.

Aggro - Aggro is when a Mob / Boss is focused on you. Example: The Tank losses aggro, because you were generating to much threat.

Tank - A person who protects the group by taking most of the damage and keeping the enemies attention. The Tanks generally need a specific amount of Defense, Dodge, and Parry to be allowed to tank higher levels of Raids. These people are always in demand.

DPS - Stands for Damage Per Second. These people are important for any Raid / Dungeon they are specialized in dealing high amounts of damage. DPS must not however cause too threat that they pull the Boss away from the Tank. This can prove fatal. DPS are never in demand because it is something all classes have the option to be.

Healers - A person who heals your Tank and your Party / Raid. These people are always in demand.

LOM/OOM - LOM means Low on Mana, this is not a very common phrase. OOM means Out of Mana, this is a lot more widely used in game. Energy has a fast regeneration and has a limit of 110 (with talents) 100 without. Rage and Runic power are also from a 0 - 100 scale, performing abilities and dealing damage grants more allowing more abilities to be used. Mana has no capped amount, the more Intellect your character has the more mana you have to play with.

CC - Stands for Crowd Control. Refers to all spells / abilities in the game that cause the target to be unable to perform certain tasks. Most commonly used in PvP but also widely used in PvE. Examples of CCs include: Stuns, Fears, Silences, Polymorphs, Cyclones etc.

LoS - Stands for Line of Sight. When there is an object or obstacle between the player in question and the target. Most commonly used in PvP as both a defensive tool (preventing spells to land and thus reducing damage and/or CCs) or an offensive tool (kiting an opposing player behind an obstacle and killing while preventing the opposing team's healer from being able to heal the target).

bio - Stands for Biology Break (i.e. bathroom break). Typically used in conjunction with "brb" (be right back) to inform the people in the party / raid that you will be right back after going to the bathroom.

Santo Domingo

Santo Domingo de Guzmán, or just Santo Domingo, is the capital of the Dominican Republic and is its largest city. It is the oldest European city in the Americas where people have been living since it was founded at the end of the 15th century.

The city is at the mouth of the Ozama River, on the Caribbean coast. The city has the Santo Domingo province to the east, north and west. To the south is the Caribbean Sea.

The eastern limit of the city is the Ozama River and the northern limit is the Isabela River, a tributary of the Ozama. The western limit is a long street, Gregorio Luperón Avenue.

The average temperature (25.7 °C) varies little in the city. December and January are the coolest months and July and August are the warmest. Some years, hurricanes affect the city because it is in the Caribbean where hurricanes are common from June to November.

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 965,040: 460,903 men and 504,137 women. The urban population was 100% of the total population.

Santo domingo has a very diverse population, but it is mainly composed of mulattoes, whites and blacks.

The city was first founded on the east side of River Ozama by Bartholomew Columbus, brother of Christopher, with the name of "La Nueva Isabela" (The New Isabela); La Isabela was a town founded on the northern coast of the island by Christopher Columbus. The name was soon changed to Santo Domingo. 

After a hurricane in 1502 destroyed the city, the new governor of the island Nicolás de Ovando built it again but on the west side of the river and with the new name of Santo Domingo.

Santo Domingo was the first capital of the Spanish colonies in the Américas. It became the starting point of most of the Spanish expeditions of exploration and conquest of the other Caribbean islands and the adjacent lands in the continent. There are still many buildings from that time (16th century) and part of the old walls.

In 1930, the city of Santo Domingo was almost completely destroyed by a hurricane called "San Zenón". Rafael Trujillo rebuilt the city and named it Ciudad Trujillo after himself. After his assassination in 1961, Ciudad Trujillo became again Santo Domingo. The 1966 constitution named the city Santo Domingo de Guzmán.

In 2001, the Santo Domingo Province was created with much of the area of the old Distrito Nacional ("National District"). With that division, many parts of the old city are now part of the Santo Domingo Province and not of the city of Santo Domingo de Guzmán. But they are still part of the metropolitan area of the city (the Greater Santo Domingo). The people that live in this Greater Santo Domingo are "capitaleños" (women are "capitaleñas"), even if they do not live in the National District.

The old section of the city is known as "Zona Colonial" ("Colonial Zone") or "Ciudad Colonial" ("Colonial City"). The Colonial Zone, bordered by the Ozama River, was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1990. Some of the old buildings in this zone are

Santo Domingo has several museums, many of them in the Zona Colonial.


Santo Domingo has various parks as the "National Botanical Garden", the "National Zoo" and the "Mirador Sur Park".

There are also many small squares as the "Parque Colón" ("Columbus Park"), in the Zonal Colonial and on the northern side of the cathedral; and the "Parque Independencia" ("Independence Park"), just outside of the old western wall and where the Founding Fathers of the country (Juan Pablo Duarte, Francisco del Rosario Sánchez and Matías Ramón Mella) are buried.

There are eighteen universities in Santo Domingo. Established in 1538, Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo (UASD) was the first university founded in the continent; it is also the only public university in the country and has campuses all over the country.

Santo Domingo is home to the Leones del Escogido and Tigres del Licey baseball clubs of the Dominican Winter League. Estadio Quisqueya is the home stadium for both teams. Centro Olimpico Juan Pablo Duarte is the central sports complex of the city, at the center of the city.

Santo Domingo has sister relationships with many cities worldwide:

85

85 is a year in the 1st century.




Treason

Treason is when a person acts against his/ her country. For example, somebody might help another country fight a war against or loot his country by keeping secrets or failing to protect his country. In history, treason has often included the assassination of leaders. Treason against the king was called high treason and treason against a lesser role was called petty treason. A treasonous person is called a traitor. 

Outside the field of law, the word "traitor" can be used to describe a person who betrays a group to which he or she belongs. These accusations can often be unclear when the accused do not consider themselves to be in the group.

Some famous traitors are Judas Iscariot, Marcus Junius Brutus, Benedict Arnold, Philippe Pétain, La Malinche and Vidkun Quisling.

Persons accused of treason can be many. During the Reign of Terror many thousands were executed as traitors. After World War II many thousands of Soviet soldiers who had been prisoners of war were immediately sent to Gulag as traitors.

Section 80.1 of the Criminal Code in the schedule of the Australian Criminal Code Act 1995 defines treason. A person is not guilty of treason if his help is purely humanitarian.

The only appropriate punishment for treason is life in prison.

Section 46 of the Criminal Code defines two types of treason. They are "treason" and "high treason". It is also illegal for any Canadian citizen to do anything defined in the code outside Canada.

High treason is punished by life in prison. Treason is punished by life in prison at most, or up to 14 years in prison.

New Zealand has treason laws that are stated under Section 73 of the Crimes Act 1961. The punishment is life in prison, except for conspiracy. The punishment for conspiracy is 14 years at most. Treason was the last crime to be punished by death in New Zealand.

Very few people have been prosecuted for treason in New Zealand.

Treason is defined in the United States Constitution in Article III, Section 3. However, Congress has made laws that punish other actions that hurt national security. Some examples are the 1798 Alien and Sedition Acts, or the 1917 Espionage Act.

The punishment for treason in the United States is death or at least five years in prison, and at least a $10,000 fine. In addition, traitors cannot hold any office in the United States.

Japan "per se" does not have a law of treason. Instead it has an separated offence against be involved in foreign aggression (this can be since from invasion to espionage) against the State of Japan (; literally "crime of foreign mischief"). 

Both Japanese and non-Japanese nationals can be equally convicted of said offence.

The Empire of Japan used to have a crime similar to the one of "high treason" in English-language countries (). This law was abolished with the American occupation of the country after World War II.

Riot

Riots happen when many people meet to be violent. This can happen after sports events, demonstrations or as a protest. Rioters damage cars, buildings and attack other people, among other things.

The police are brought out to stop riots. In the Western world, they use shields and fight with soft weapons, for example with water cannons or rubber bullets, as well as with batons. When riots really get out of control, police also use tools that can hurt people, such as tear gas and pepper spray, and they put the rioters under arrest. Riots are very dangerous and can lead to certain deaths at times.

There have been many riots all over the world, especially in England, Northern Ireland, the United States, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Australia, France, Hong Kong and mainland China.

Johann Strauss I

Johann Strauß I (born Vienna, 14 March 1804; died Vienna, 25 September 1849) was as Austrian composer, conductor and violinist. He and his family were famous composers of dance music, especially waltzes. He is usually known as Johann Strauss I or Johann Strauss Sr (Senior), while his son, who was also called Johann, is usually known as Johann Strauss II or Johann Strauss Jnr (Junior). The waltz was just becoming popular in the early 19th century and Johann Strauss I wrote many delightful waltzes and other dance music for the court balls. His most famous tune is the "Radetzky-March" which became a musical symbol of the power of the Habsburg monarchy.

Johann Strauss II

Johann Strauss II (born Vienna, October 25 1825; died Vienna June 3 1899) was an Austrian composer, conductor and violinist. His father, also called Johann, was also a very famous composer, and is now known as Johann Strauss I (or Johann Strauss Sr) while his eldest son is called Johann Strauss II (or Johann Strauss Jr). Strauss became very famous for his waltzes. He was known as the “King of the Waltz”. His most famous one was called "An der schönen, blauen Donau" (known in English as "The Blue Danube").

His father wanted him to go in for banking, but the young Johann took violin lessons in secret from a man called Franz Amon who was the leader of his father’s orchestra. He continued his violin studies with Anton Kohlmann, a violinist who helped ballet dancers to learn the music they had to dance to. He was still only 18 when he got his own orchestra together and gave his own concert which included six of his own waltzes and some of his father’s. He was soon becoming more famous than his father.

After his father died in 1849 the two orchestras joined into one and the young Johann was their conductor. He was given the title “k.k.Hofballmusikdirektor” (meaning; musical director of the Court Ball). He was always especially busy during Carnival time when there were lots of balls in Vienna. He toured most of Europe with his orchestra, even going to Russia where he conducted some music by Tchaikovsky. Johann Strauss II was becoming the “king of the waltz”, the most famous musician in Austria.

Johann Strauss II wrote two operas: "Die Fledermaus" ("The Bat") and "Zigeunerbaron" ("Gypsy Baron"). They are full of fun: lively music and jokes which can sometimes be made different in each performance: the singers can put in their own jokes about modern times. Sometimes they are called operettas because they are so light-hearted. They are a mixture of Hungarian and Viennese atmosphere.

Together with his brothers Josef and Eduard, Johann had complete control of the balls and concerts in the houses of the rich people in Vienna. Wherever he went he was surrounded by lots of admirers. His waltzes are still as popular as ever, and millions of people in different countries hear them on television on New Year's Day when they are played by the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra at their traditional New Year’s Day concert.

Speaker of the United States House of Representatives

The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives is the head of the United States House of Representatives. The Speaker is elected by the current members of the House. A person with more than half of the votes becomes Speaker.

The Speaker has always been a member of the majority party (the party with the most members) but does not have to be an elected member of the House (this has not happened yet). The job of the Speaker is to keep the House in order and to assign committee memberships and chairmanships. It is an important and powerful position in government.

Sam Rayburn is the only person to have served as Speaker of the House for more than ten years.

Theodore M. Pomeroy served as Speaker of the House for one day after Speaker Schuyler Colfax resigned to become Vice President of the United States; Pomeroy's term as a Member of Congress ended the next day.

Sam Rayburn, Henry Clay, Thomas Brackett Reed, Joseph William Martin, Jr., Frederick Muhlenberg, John W. Taylor, and Nancy Pelosi are the only Speakers of the House to have ever served in non-consecutive Congresses (i.e. another Speaker served in between each tenure).

The Speaker of the House is third in line for the Presidency of the United States. If the President of the United States dies or steps down, the Vice President of the United States becomes President. If there is no vice president, the Speaker of the House automatically becomes acting president. 

It includes the congressional district and political affiliation of each speaker as well as the number of their Congress and time they spent in the position. 

Zatch Bell!

Zatch Bell! is a Japanese-American animated television series, anime, and manga. The series is about a teenage boy, named Kiyo, who found this boy named "Zatch". Zatch is actually a "Mamodo". He came from the "Mamodo World" where hundreds of other Mamodos came from. However, another Mamodo, named Zeno, somehow erased Zatch's memory. Zatch can not remember anything of his past in the Mamodo World. The reason why all the Mamodos are in the real world is to battle. When one enters the world, they must find a human to be their partner and to use a book of spells that came with them. Only humans can read the spells and cause the Mamodo to do a certain action. Examples of these spells would be to create a lightning bolt, create a shield, or move very fast. As a person becomes stronger physically and emotionally new spells are written into the book so that the human can read and use them.

By burning the book, the Mamodo gets sent back to the Mamodo World. If the Mamodo gets badly beaten, he will also be sent away. The last Mamodo standing will be 'King' of the Mamodos. Zatch decides that he wants to be a "Belovelent King" or "Kind King" to stop all the battles. In their adventure, they come across many enemies and allies.

Zatch Bell is main character of this story.
Kiyo Takamine is another main character of this story. He is the partner of Zatch Bell. And he is very cool.
Tia is one of Zatch's friends.
Megumi is one of Kiyo's friends. She is the partner of Tia. And she is a famous Japanese idol.
Zofis is one of main antagonists. He is evil genius. He likes manipulate others.

Koko is the partner of Zofis.


Harmonic series (music)

Harmonics in music are notes which are produced in a special way. They are notes which are produced as part of the “harmonic series”.

In physics, a harmonic is a wave which is added to the basic fundamental wave. This article talks about sound waves, which can be understood clearly by looking at the strings of a musical instrument.

When a violinist plays a note on a violin string, the string starts to vibrate very fast. This vibration makes the air vibrate and the sound waves travel to our ear so that we can hear it. If the note were absolutely pure the string would move in a perfect sinusoidal shape and produce only one frequency, but instead there are multiple frequencies being produced at the same time along with the main one. The note played on the violin string makes the string vibrate in a very complicated way. There is the basic note (the fundamental), but added to that are lots of other little notes that all add up to a sound in a special way that tells us that it is a violin playing and not a clarinet or a human voice.

The higher the note, the faster the string vibrates. An A above middle C (the violinist’s A string) vibrates at 440Hz (440 times per second). This is the “fundamental” or “first harmonic”. The second harmonic vibrates twice as fast (ratio 2:1): 880Hz. This gives an A an octave higher. The third harmonic will give a ratio 3:2. This will be an E (an octave and a fifth above the fundamental). The higher the harmonic the quieter it is, but the ratio is always a whole number (not a fraction).

Every note that is played on an instrument is really a combination of several notes or “harmonics”, even though we may not realize that we are hearing more than one note at a time. Play the lowest C on the piano. Now find the next C which is an octave higher. Press this key very slowly so that it does not sound and hold it down. While holding it down play the bottom C again making it loud and very short. The C that is being held silently will now sound. This is because the strings of that C are vibrating a little because it is a harmonic of the low C (they can vibrate because the damper is off the string while the note is being held down). The same can be done holding the next G down, then the next C, then the E. The higher the note the fainter (quieter) the harmonics become. The musical example below shows the notes of a harmonic series in musical notation. 

To hear the notes of a harmonic series click here:
clicking here.

Musicians sometimes need to play harmonics on their instruments. In musical notation this is shown by placing a small circle above the note.

A violinist can place their finger very lightly on a string so that it divides the string into half. They will hear a harmonic (the note an octave higher than the open string). By placing their fingers in other places they can get more harmonics, e.g. by touching the string a quarter of the way down they gets the next harmonic. “Artificial harmonics” can be played by stopping a string with the finger in the usual way (so that the string is now shorter) and placing the little finger farther up the string to get a harmonic of the stopped note. Artificial harmonics are written with diamond-shaped note heads. They are very hard to play well.

Harpists can play harmonics with their left hand by stopping the string with the side of the hand (near the little finger) and plucking with the thumb or finger. Up to 3 notes can be played by the left hand. They can play harmonics with the right hand by stopping the string with the upper knuckle of the second finger and plucking with the thumb. Only one harmonic note can be played by the right hand. Harmonics on the harp sound very beautiful. 

Players of woodwind and brass instruments play many of their notes by blowing slightly stronger (overblowing) to get a higher series of notes. Instruments such as the recorder can play chords by making several harmonics sound together, but this is extremely difficult to do well and only found in modern music for virtuoso players.

Hamburger

A hamburger or burger is an American fast food. It is a type of sandwich with a patty of cooked ground meat between the two halves of a bun. Tomatoes, onions, cheese, salad and dips may also be added. The hamburger may be eaten without a knife and fork, so it is a fast food which can be eaten anywhere. 

Hamburgers are named for a city in Germany called Hamburg. They were probably invented in Germany, though what we now know as a hamburger was created in the United States in the 19th century. Hamburgers appeared on menus in England and the United States in the 19th century, and became a popular food after the 1904 World's Fair. What is called a hamburger throughout the world today was different than the first German hamburgers; German dishes often involved a steak or sausage between pieces of bread instead of ground meat.

Many American fast food restaurants, such as Burger King, Wendy's and McDonald's, serve hamburgers.

A cheeseburger is a hamburger that also has cheese. Hamburgers can be served with other things besides cheese, such as chili, or even guacamole.

Even though the name has the word ham in it, it does not usually have ham. 

Richard Marsland

Richard Marsland (a.k.a. Armitage Shanks, 1976 - 2008) was an Australian comedy writer, actor, comedian and radio personality.

He was best known for his work on television shows, for example "The Glass House" and "Rove Live". He also co-hosted on Triple M with Pete Helliar and Myf Warhurst, as well as a daily morning show in Adelaide called AM Adelaide. He then hosted the Late Date Show with Bessie Bardot on 2DayFM, 92.9 and Fox FM.

In December 2008, Marsland died. The cause of his death is not known.




Ed Kavalee

Edward Robert Kavalee (born 30 June 1979) (also known as The Prize King) is an Australian actor and radio host. Ed is a graduate of Screenwise, Australia's Leading Film & TV School for actors in Sydney. He is on "Santo, Sam and Ed’s Sports Fever!", with Santo Cilauro and Sam Pang

He was on the "Get This" radio show on Triple M in Australia with Tony Martin. He was also part of the cast of "Thank God You're Here", and host of "TV Burp".

Kavalee is an experienced Theatresports performer, and is part of the ensemble cast on Working Dog Productions' improvised comedy show "Thank God You're Here".

Kavalee said on Get This on September 26, 2006 that he auditioned for a role playing Buddy Holly in an American telemovie but was too tall.


Meow

A meow or miaow is a noise made by cats. There are different types of meows, such as ones that mean the same thing as "hello," ones that ask for food, or ones that let people know when they are annoyed, among other things.

The meow is used by kittens to their mother. It is a plea for attention, and experts think pet cats use it because they often need owners to do things for them. Adult cats do not meow to other cats.

Different languages have different ways of spelling "meow." For example, English has been using the "meow" spelling since 1842 and before that, it used the "miaow", "miau", or "meaw" spellings. Spanish and German still use the "miau" spelling while French uses the "miaou" spelling. 

Cats in Ancient Egypt were called "Mau".

October Revolution

The October Revolution was a revolution in Russia that started on 1917 November 7 (October 25 o.s.). The Bolsheviks were led by Vladimir Ilyich Lenin and Leon Trotsky. They overthrew the previous Russian Provisional Government led by Alexander Kerensky. Its uprising started on 24 October.

The Bolsheviks faced little or no opposition. The insurrection was timed and organized to hand state power to the Second All-Russian Congress of Soviets of Workers' and Soldiers' Deputies, which began on 25 October. After a single day of revolution eighteen people had been arrested and two had been killed. The Bolsheviks captured telegraph and telephone offices, railway stations, newspaper offices and government institutions. Red Guards (armed workers), sailors from the Baltic fleet, and parts of the army fought for the revolution.

The October Revolution inspired a revolutionary wave across the world, including the Hungarian revolution, the German revolution of 1918-1919, and the Chinese revolution of 1925-27.

This was the second of two revolutions in the Russian Revolution. The first part was the February Revolution. The second was this October revolution.

Some Russians did not like the previous Tsarist government. 
In the 1900s Russia was poor. It lost the Russo-Japanese War. They only recently ended serfdom, where peasants were forced to farm for nobles who owned the land. Since Russia is pretty far north, growing food was not easy, and they were often hit by famine and food shortages. The government was also corrupt: the tsar Nicholas did not listen to the parliament, and Rasputin was murdered. They industrialized later than western Europe and the US. So when Russia entered World War I, they lost a lot of soldiers fighting Germany, which was more industrialized. For all of these reasons, people got angry and blamed the tsar.

In the February revolution, some workers and peasants protested. Police shot and killed some, but more protestors kept coming. Nicholas gave up the throne. This ended centuries of Romanov rule. Alex Kerensky started a new provisional government. It was ruled by the bourgeoisie, or the wealthy upper-middle class. The war against the Germans continued. It drained food supplies. In the October revolution they overthrew the weak provisional government without that much of killing the people.

The leader Lenin wanted a new government ruled by the soldiers, peasants, and workers. Having lost power, the nobles of Alex's governments, as well as the of the previous tsar government, were not happy. They created the white army and fought Lenin and his red army. This was the Russian Civil War. Lenin won and so the communist Soviet Union was born.

This was the start of communist rule in Russia. It was a model Marxist revolution where the proletariat peasants and workers overthrew the bourgeoisie capitalist nobles. It inspired similar revolutions across Europe and in China. Communism forms the foundation of some of these nations today. The roots can be traced back to socialist ideas developed in the 19th century, and to the 1917 October revolution.

Experience

Experience is knowledge a person gets by doing something or watching someone else do it. Experience is learning through actions. 

Some religious groups and teaching methods value learning by experiencing.
For example, if someone wants to learn about the game chess, they would play several games. By making mistakes and learning from them, they learn more rather than just reading about playing.

Experience is often divided into four types: 

Someone who experienced by watching or doing something himself is said to have "first-hand experience".

When one person tells another person, the other person has "second-hand experience".

When an experience is felt or enjoyed through imagined participation, the person has had a ""vicarious experience"".

A religious experience is a spiritual event seen by someone. Holy books like the Bible talk about visions or dreams where men like Moses, Daniel or Jesus met God. Mystics also describe these events, and offer advice. William James wrote a famous book about the kinds of religious experience.




Norse mythology

Norse or Scandinavian mythology is the belief and legends of the Scandinavian people. Norse mythology is a version of the older Germanic mythology and was later replaced by Christianity for the most part.
Norse mythology is a set of beliefs and stories shared by Northern Germanic tribes. It was not handed down from the gods to the mortal. It had no scripture. The mythology was passed on from one generation to the next in the form of poetry. It continued to be passed down this way through the time of the Vikings. The original beliefs were long lost. Our knowledge about it is mainly based on the Eddas and other medieval texts. These were written down while and after they turned to Christianity.

In Norse mythology, the universe was thought to have 9 realms or “worlds”. Asgard is where the gods lived. Asgard could only be reached by walking across the rainbow (the Bifröst bridge). The Frost Giants lived in a place called Jötunheimr. Jötunheimr means "giant realm".

A cold, dark place called Niflheim was ruled by Hel. She was the daughter of Loki. This was the eventual home of most of the dead. Located somewhere in the south was the fiery realm of Muspelheim, home of the fire giants. 

In between Asgard and Niflheim was Midgard, the world of men.

There are three "clans" of deities, the Æsir, the Vanir, and the Jötnar (referred to as "giants" in this article). After a long war, the Æsir and Vanir made peace and joined together. 

The Æsir and the Vanir are enemies with the Jötnar or "giants". The Æsir are descendants of Jötnar. Both Æsir and Vanir intermarry with them. There are two kinds of giant: frost-giants and fire-giants. 

There are many other supernatural beings. These include: 

Most of this mythology was passed down orally as Skaldic poetry, and much of it has been lost. Some of it was recorded by Christian scholars. The earlier detailed records come from the "Eddas" and the "Heimskringla" by Snorri Sturluson though the mentioning of their deities and mythology goes back to Cornelius Tacitus’ report of “Germania” in 98 AD. 

There are also several runestones and image stones that show scenes from Norse mythology, such as Thor's fishing trip and Odin being devoured by Fenrir.

The Germanic gods have affected elements of every day western life in most countries that speak Germanic languages. An example is some of the names of the days of the week. The days were named after Roman gods in Latin (named after "Sun, Moon, Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, Saturn"). The names for Tuesday through Friday were replaced with Germanic versions of the Roman gods. In English, Saturn was not replaced. Saturday is named after the sabbath in German, and is called "washing day" in Scandinavia.

J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" was influenced by the myths of the Northern Europeans. As it became popular, parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre. In almost any modern fantasy novel, you can find Norse creatures like elves, dwarves, and giants.
Other websites

Fresh Meadows, Queens

Fresh Meadows is a neighborhood in northeastern part of the borough of Queens in New York City, which is bordered to the east by Francis Lewis Boulevard, to the south by Union Turnpike, to the north by Kissena Park, and to the west by Utopia Parkway and Fresh Meadows Lane.

Fresh Meadows is also the name of a housing development (housing estate) in the neighborhood, along 188th Street. The Fresh Meadows buildings were built in the late 1940s and were for lower middle & middle-class people. It is one of three housing areas built by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company after World War II, the others are Stuyvesant Town in Manhattan and Parkchester in the Bronx.

The Long Island Expressway runs through the neighborhood. Main streets are 188th Street, Horace Harding Expressway, 73rd Avenue, Utopia Parkway, and Fresh Meadows Lane.

The 107th Precinct of the New York City Police Department (NYPD) covers this neighborhood.

Kissena Park and Cunningham Park are both located next to Fresh Meadows.

Fresh Meadows is also home to St. Francis Preparatory School, the largest Catholic high school in the United States. Francis Lewis High School, P.S. 26 (Rufus King school), M.S. 216 (George J. Ryan Middle School), and P.S. 173 (The Fresh Meadows School) are other schools in the neighborhood.

Miranda (moon)

Miranda is one of Uranus' moons. It is the smallest, and the one which has the least rotation time. Gerard Kuiper discovered it in 1948, February 16th and named it after Miranda, Prospero's daughter in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". Sometimes it is also called Uranus V. 

It's one of Uranus' strangest moons. Its complex surface may indicate partial melting of its interior, with icy material drifting to the surface. 

The probe Voyager 2 made some photos in 1986. These are the only images that exist, so far. Geologically, it is the most active body in the Uranus system. The grooves and troughs reach depths of a few kilometers (or miles) and expose materials of different albedos (reflectivity). The features suggest a long, complex geologic evolution of this satellite. 

Trombone

The trombone is a brass horn musical instrument. It is similar to a large trumpet, except the player pushes and pulls on its slide to change the length of the tube.

Together with vibrations from the player's lips, the trombone can play a wide range of notes. It sounds deeper than a trumpet and is usually said to be one of the bass clef instruments. Music is normally written in the bass clef, but some high parts can be written in tenor clef. Some players have the music transposed into the treble clef. The trombone is the loudest instrument in the symphony orchestra. 

A person who plays the trombone is called a trombonist. Some trombones have a valve which increases the range of available notes. The name "trombone" comes from the Italian language and means "large trumpet". Trombones are nearly always made out of brass but can also be made out of plastic: the "P-bone".

The forerunner to today's trombone was called the sackbut. It was first used in the 16th century during the Renaissance era of music. In the centuries that followed, the sackbut was gradually improved into today's trombone. Beethoven was the first composer to add trombones to the standard symphony orchestra. Many different types of music use the unique sound of the trombone to add color and depth. Trombones are used in orchestras, concert bands, marching bands, brass bands, big bands, swing bands, ska bands, and jazz ensembles. In the symphony orchestra, it is common to see trombones in a section of three: two tenors and a bass. In a standard big band, a four player section is more typical. This time with three tenors and one bass as the normal arrangement.

In the hands of a skilled trombonist, the trombone is a very versatile instrument and can play many styles. The trombone can go from smooth, sweet jazz ballads and peaceful slow melodies such as Duke Ellington's "Pyramid", to fast and technical passages from pieces like "Blue Bells of Scotland" and "Carnival of Venice".

There are a lot of types of trombones. Each one is for different playing ranges (how high or low you play). There are contrabass trombones, bass trombones, tenor bass trombones, tenor trombones, alto trombones, soprano trombones, and piccolo trombones. These are the different types of trombones, arranged according to general usage.


Some famous trombonists include:


Textile

Cloth, textile or fabric are similar names for manufactured material. They are often made by weaving or knitting fibres together. It is often used to make clothing or cover furniture.

Cloth can be made from natural fibres or man-made ones. Examples of natural fibres are cotton, wool, and silk. Examples of man-made fibres are nylon, rayon, and polyester.

The first clothes, were worn at least 70,000 years ago and maybe much earlier. They were probably made of animal skins and helped to protect early humans from the weather. At some point, people learned to weave plant fibers into textiles.

Textiles are commonly used for clothing. They are also containers such as bags and baskets. In the household, textiles are used in carpeting, upholstered furnishings, window shades, towels, coverings for tables, beds, and other flat surfaces. Textiles are also used in art. In the workplace, textiles can be used in industrial and scientific processes such as filtering. It can also be used in flags, backpacks, tents, nets, handkerchiefs, cleaning rags. It is used in transportation devices such as balloons, kites, sails, and parachutes. Textiles are also used make composite materials such as fibreglass and industrial geotextiles stronger. Textiles are used in many traditional crafts such as sewing, quilting and embroidery.

Textiles are made from many materials. The fibre used in textiles are gotten from with four main sources. They are animal (wool, silk), plant (cotton, flax, jute, bamboo), mineral (asbestos, glass fibre), and synthetic (nylon, polyester, acrylic, rayon). The first three are natural.

There are many sources of animal fibers. They include:


There are many sources of plant fibers. They include:


There are three sources of mineral fibers. They include:


There are many sources synthetic fibres. They include


100s

The 100s'span from 100 to 109.


130s

The 130s was the decade that started on January 1, 130 and ended on December 31, 139.



Willy Brandt

Willy Brandt (18 December 1913 – 8 October 1992) was a German chancellor from 1969 until 1974. He was born "Herbert Ernst Karl Frahm" in Lübeck, Germany. He was the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany 1964–1987 and winner of the Nobel Peace Prize (1971). He died on 8 October 1992 in Unkel on the Rhine.

He was born as son of Martha Frahm and John Möller in 1913 in Lübeck. He never met his father and grew up with his mother and his grandfather.

He fled to Norway when the Nazis took over government in Germany. He led a contact office for the resistance against the Nazi regime. After he lost his German citizenship, he became Norwegian. The Germans arrested him when they occupied Norway. He fled to Sweden. In 1945, Brandt returned to Germany as writer for Scandinavian newspapers.

He was married three times:

His political career started in 1948. He became a representative for the SPD in the Bundestag for a district of Berlin. He was member of the state parliament of Berlin from 1950 until 1971.

He became president of the Parliament of Berlin (1955) and Mayor of Berlin (1957). Willy Brandt started to campaign for the position as Chancellor (Bundeskanzler) for the Social Democrats (SPD) in 1961. In 1966, he became Vice-Chancellor of the "Grand Coalition" of SPD and the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU) under Chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger. He started the social-liberal coalition between the SPD and the Free Democratic Party of Germany (FDP). Willy Brandt became Chancellor in 1969.

He made many changes in several political areas. For example:

He travelled to East Germany, Warsaw and Moscow to improve relationships. His acceptance the Oder-Neisse Line and many of controversies in the Parliament and society followed.

In 1971, he got the Nobel Peace Prize for his politics.

In 1972, Rainer Barzel of the CDU believed he could end the Brandt administration, but he failed to win the vote of no-confidence. Brandt was re-elected to a second term later that year. In 1974, Günther Guillaume who worked in Brandt's office was discovered to be a spy. Brandt resigned and Helmut Schmidt became chancellor.

Brandt stayed leader of the SPD, and later of the Socialist International too. He was member of the European Parliament from 1978 to 1983. He gave up the position as chief of the SPD in 1987. Willy Brandt died of colon cancer at his home in Unkel, a town on the River Rhine, on 8 October 1992, at the age of 78. He was given a state funeral and was buried at the cemetery at Zehlendorf in Berlin.


Saint Margaret

There are several saints named Margaret:

Saint Thomas

Saint Thomas or St. Thomas may refer to:





Brother (disambiguation)

Brother may refer to:


Konrad Adenauer

Konrad Hermann Josef Adenauer (born 5 January 1876 in Cologne; died 19 April 1967 in Rhöndorf (part of Bad Honnef)). From 1949 to 1963 he was the first Bundeskanzler (chancellor) of the Federal Republic of Germany and from 1951 to 1955 was foreign secretary the same time.

Adenauer was the third of five children of a court secretary in Cologne. His family was Catholic. Konrad Adenauer started his political career in 1906 in the city assembly of Cologne. From 1917 to 1933 and again in 1945 he was mayor of Cologne.
Adenauer was a member of the Catholic Zentrum Party. When the Nazi Party took power he lost his job. At first he worked with the Nazis, but after the conspiracy to kill Hitler failed in 1944 he hid for his own safety.

After the war he became mayor of Cologne again, but lost the job after a few months.

In the Parlamentarischer Rat of West Germany, he was one of the top politicians and the President. He founded the CDU at the same time.
He was important in making Bonn the West German capital instead of Frankfurt am Main.

In 1949 he was elected as the first Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
He made sure West Germany joined the side of the western capitalist countries in the Cold War. He also helped West Germany join NATO. He was reelected three times.

In 1964 he stopped being chancellor. He was a member of the Bundestag until his death at 91 years old.


Miri Ben-Ari

Miri Ben-Ari is a hip-hop violinist. She was born in Israel in 1978 and was brought up in a small town near Tel Aviv. She was trained as a classical violinist. She was a prodigy and was praised by famous violinists like Yehudi Menuhin and Isaac Stern. 

At the age of 16 she took herself to the United States. She spoke no English at the time. In New York City, she met several musicians such as the trumpeter Wynton Marsalis who supported her. She became interested in contemporary R&B (Rhythm and Blues) and hip-hop. In January 2001 she appeared in the Carnegie Hall with the rapper Wyclef Jean. Later that year her TV performances on "Showtime at the Apollo" added to her fame. Her second jazz album, entitled "Song of The Promised Land" features the dance single "Peace in the Middle East" as well as two tracks together with Wynton Marsalis. She has now sold millions of records, and is known as “the hip-hop violinist”. This was the title of a record released in 2005 by Universal which includes the single “Sunshine to the Rain” featuring Scarface and Anthony Hamilton. In 2004 she toured world-wide with rapper Kanye West. She has a very personal sound which is a mixture of Classical, jazz, hip-hop, R&B and world music. She won her first Grammy award in 2005 for co-writing “Jesus Walks” which received a trophy for the “Best Rap Song” in 2005.

Furry

A furry is a person who is interested in or creates fictional anthropomorphic animal characters who have human traits. This group of people make up the furry fandom. Furry characters (called "fursonas," especially when referring to someone's personal furry characters) can walk on two legs or talk. Another word for a "furry character" is an "anthropomorphic character," which means a character which has some human features.

Many different stories have furry characters. Fairy tales and mythology often have animal characters who talk or do other human things. Books, comics, children's books, video games, and toys can have furry characters too. The most popular cartoon character that is a furry is Disney's Robin Hood.

Sometimes, people draw porn of furry characters to fit their sexual interests. Quite a few people believe this represents a large part of the furry fandom, and it gains significant news attention.

To be a furry character, an animal needs to look or act like a human in some way. Here are some of the ways:
It's also important to say here that there's also "feral" sections of the fandom. They focus more on the animal aspects of the character, and most feral furry characters don't talk or do many human activities.

Not all of these features have to be on a furry character for it to be a furry character. Some furry characters can be thought of as "fursonas" without walking on their hind legs or having jobs.

A character does not need to have fur to be a furry. A lizard or bird character that has these features could also be a furry, although they may also be called a "scalie" or an "avian".

Humans are good at reading human body language, but less good at reading animal body language. Art showing animals smiling or frowning like humans makes it easier for humans to know how the character is feeling. 

Because humans have been around animals for a long time, humans expect certain animals to act certain ways. Art that gives humans animal traits tells people what to expect from those characters. For example, many cultures see foxes as clever, so many people will assume a fox furry character is clever.

For thousands of years, people have told stories and made art with furry characters. Egyptian mythology has many gods who are part animal and part human. Roman mythology has a story about a minotaur, which is part bull and part human. The werewolf of European mythology is part wolf and part human. 

Many cartoons have furry characters. Examples include: 


Many video games also have furry characters. A few examples:


In the modern day, people from all around the world make up the furry fandom. Many of them meet and talk to each other the Internet, but they also meet in real life. Furry websites like FurAffinity and DeviantArt let people share pictures, stories, music, games, and animations that have furry characters. 

Furries often make up a "fursona", or anthropomorphic animal character to represent themselves in the fandom. Often, but not always, the fursona's species is that person's favorite animal. These people sometimes talk to each other role playing as their fursonas. Role-playing isn't exclusive to furries, but it is a big part of the community. These role-plays usually happen over instant messaging or forums, but sometimes happen in real life. 

Furries sometimes meet at conventions to talk about their favorite characters, buy art, make friends, and show off their fursuits. These meetings may also have music, dancing, and parties. Conventions are usually held in large hotels, so there is enough room for hundreds or even thousands of people.

The largest furry conventions are Anthrocon, Midwest FurFest, Further Confusion, RainFurrest, Furry Weekend Atlanta, and Eurofurence. Many others happen all around the world each year. 

Some furries dress up in "fursuits", which are cosplay costumes that look like ones fursona. Fake fur is used to make these costumes, so they can be many different colors. Some fursuits look very much like real animals; other fursuits look like cartoon characters or legendary creatures. 

A person who wears a fursuit is called a fursuiter. Fursuits may cover the person's whole body, or just part of it. A fursuit that covers the whole body is called a "full suit." A suit that covers only part of the body (usually the head, arms, and feet, plus a tail) is called a "partial suit" or "partial." With a partial suit, the rest of the body is covered with clothes to hide the person inside. 

Fursuits are almost always one-of-a-kind. This is because they are often based off of a person's fursona. Some are made by the person who will wear them, others are made by other people who make them for money. 

People usually wear fursuits for fun. Sometimes people feel less shy in a fursuit because no one can see who they are. This can make them feel more comfortable dancing, playing, hugging, meeting people, or being silly. People may also wear fursuits to be a mascot for a charity or event, usually one related to animals.

Inside a fursuit, it can be difficult to see and hear. Fursuiters often have a friend help them cross traffic or use stairs. In hot weather, fursuiters must be careful not to overheat.

Like many groups, the furry fandom has its own slang. "Murr" is a word used to show you like something or find it attractive sexually. "Scritching" is gentle scratching; in the furry fandom, this is a way to show you like someone, like hugging. "Yiff" is a slang word for sex, and comes from the sound a fox makes during sex. A "fursuit" is a cosplay costume that looks like a furry character, or "fursona". A fursona is an anthropomorphic animal character someone makes up for themselves. The word “snoot” is slang for snout. Furries often "boop" snoots; this means gently pushing or tapping a fursuiter or furry's nose, usually done as part of roleplay, as a greeting, or for fun. The word "beans" refers to the paw pads of an animal, fursona, or fursuiter. "Poodling" is a word used to describe someone showing their skin during partial suiting. A lot of "graymuzzles", or older furries are against poodling because it "breaks the magic". Breaking the magic means to get out of character while fursuiting.

Only around 20-30% of furries identify as heterosexual. 28.8% of furries identify as homosexual, 23.4% identify as bisexual, 16.5% identify as pansexual, and 10.5% identify as Asexual. The rest either don't know (5.8%) or identify as something else (4.9%). Around 3.2% of people in furry fandom admit to being sexually attracted to animals, or zoophiles.

Alderaan

Alderaan is a fictional planet found in the "Star Wars "series of movies created by George Lucas. It is the home of the characters Princess Leia Organa and Senator Bail Organa. The surface of Alderaan is only seen for a short time at the end of "" (2005). The entire planet is destroyed in "" (1977) when the Death Star fires a laser beam at the planet, which then explodes, killing everyone on it.

San Francisco Municipal Railway

San Francisco Municipal Railway (or MUNI) is the public transit agency that runs buses, cable car, and subway service in the city of San Francisco, California. MUNI runs diesel and trolleybuses that run throughout San Francisco, three Cable Car lines that run through the Financial District and Chinatown (with service to Fisherman's Wharf) and the Market Street surface, seven light rail lines that run below Market Street and two Historic Streetcar lines.

Muni operates 365 days a year and connects with other transportation services, such as Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) and Caltrain commuter trains, along with AC Transit, Golden Gate Transit and SamTrans buses and ferries from Golden Gate Ferries and San Francisco Bay Ferry.

Muni operates forty-four local bus routes; two are operated during weekday peak hours. A number of routes have different terminals during evenings and/or weekends. Some routes also operate short turn route services during peak hours to deal with crowding on buses.

Rapid lines have an R following their route number. Muni operates five Rapid bus routes. The Rapid routes largely follow the route of the local buses but have fewer stops on the corridor.

Express lines have an X, AX, or BX following their route number. Muni operates twelve express bus routes. Most of the express routes run on highways and on one-way traffic. These express routes also operate during peak hours.

Muni operates fourteen owl routes. Owl routes are operated at midnight. Some local daytime routes are shortened during owl service. And some owl routes also cover big or small parts of daytime bus routes.

Muni operates seven light rail lines and has its own subway tunnel underneath Market Street. Each of these routes is named with a letter instead of a number.

Muni operates two historic streetcar lines, these routes are operated by streetcars and are mostly treated as tourist attractions by tourists.

Muni operates three cable car lines, these routes are based out of the cable car barn at Mason and Washington streets.


Cartilage

Cartilage is a flexible connective tissue found in many parts of the body. It can bend a bit, but resists stretching.

Its main function is to connect bones together. It is also found in the joints, the rib cage, the ear, the nose, the throat and between the bones of the back. Another function of cartilage is to create a place on which bones can form when they are first developed. It also helps to protect the places where bones work against each other: the joints. In some fish like sharks (Chondrichthyes), cartilage forms the whole of the skeleton.

Unlike other connective tissues, cartilage does not contain blood vessels. The cells are supplied by diffusion. So, compared to other connective tissues, cartilage grows and repairs more slowly. Cartilage also does not contain nerves, making the hard tissue painless if damage is caused. However, the breaking of a cartilage often results in damage to tendons and muscles, which certainly does cause pain.

There are many diseases caused by defects in cartilage. One of the most common is osteoarthritis, where the cartilage wears so thin that bone rubs against bone. Cartilage acts as a barrier, preventing the entry of lymphocytes or diffusion of immunoglobulins. This allows surgeons to transplant of cartilage from one person to another without fear of tissue rejection.

Cartilage is made of special cells (called chondroblasts) that produce a large amount of matrix outside the cells. The matrix is composed of 


Dokkyo University

Dokkyo University is a university in Soka city of Saitama Prefecture, Japan. This university is well known for its Foreign Language Department.

Dokkyo University started in 1883.

Munich Airport

Munich Airport (IATAcode "MUC") is an airport 28 km north east of the city Munich, Germany. It is mainly used by Lufthansa and the Star-Alliance, which Lufthansa is in. In 2008, 34.53 million passengers used the airport. After Frankfurt am Main Munich is the second most important airport in Germany. It is the 8th largest in Europe.

Munich Airport was opened in 1992. Before that the airport was in Riem. Building was started in 1980.

Because Frankfurt am Main was so busy, Lufthansa began to use Munich for international flights. The Airport was named after "Franz-Josef Strauss", a politician who was very interested in aeroplanes. People in Munich usually just call it "München Flughafen" or "der Flughafen".

In 2003 the second airport terminal was opened, for people travelling on Lufthansa and Star-Alliance only.

A third runway is planned, because there is much traffic on Munich Airport, but people who live near the airport do not want it.

You can use the Munich S-Bahn lines S1 and S8 to go to the city. They both cost €8,80 and take about forty minutes. Taxis to Munich cost €50 and can get stuck because of traffic congestion.

The cities near the airport are Erding and Freising. They can be reached by Bus (~3-4 €) or Taxi (~€18).

The Munich Airport center (MAC) is between the two terminals but it is not so far. It has many shops and restaurants.

There is a Hilton Hotel near the airport and a second hotel is planned.

Munich Airport has two terminals. Terminal 2 is newer and larger.

Terminal 1 is used by the non-Star Alliance airlines. The halls or areas are numbered A-F. It was opened on 17th May 1992 20 million passengers can use it every year. At the moment the terminal is being renovated, giving more room for shops and other things. The first halls have already been finished.

68 Airlines use Terminal One.







Arrivals only

Hall F is a secure terminal used by Israeli airlines only.

Terminal 2 is used by all Star Alliance flights. It was opened on 29th June 2003 and nearly 20-25 million passengers can use it every year. Many passengers like the terminal because connections are easy and fast. The time needed for a connection inside the terminal is only 25 minutes, the airport and Lufthansa say.

26 Airlines use Terminal 2.


The central area is a shopping-mall that is in between the two terminals; the older part which belongs to terminal 1 is an indoor area. The newer part which was built as the same time as the 2nd terminal is a big outside area.

The airport also has a cargo area. It is used by:

Helmut Schmidt

Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt (23 December 1918 – 10 November 2015) was a German politician. He was Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1974 to 1982.

Helmut Schmidt was born in Hamburg in 1918. He finished school in 1937 with the Abitur. Afterwards he had to join the working service and later the army. At the end of World War II, he was a First Lieutenant. He became a prisoner of war in 1945.

After he was set free, he started to study macro economy. He finished his studies in 1949. Then he started to work for the administration of Hamburg.

Schmidt joined into the Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1949. In 1953, he became a member of the Bundestag first time. From 1961 to 1965, he was Senator in the state government of Hamburg.

From 1969 to 1972, he was Minister of Defence of West Germany. From 1972 to 1974 he was Minister of Finance.

After Willy Brandt gave up his job as "Bundeskanzler", Helmut Schmidt was elected as new chancellor.

In July 2013, it was discovered that Schmidt bought 38,000 cigarettes due to a fear of them being banned in Europe.

Schmidt died in Hamburg on 10 November 2015 from complications of surgery he had to cure a blood clot in his left leg. He was 96 years old.


Glinde

Glinde is a town in the province of Schleswig-Holstein in Germany, about 20 km away from Hamburg.

The name Glinde is found in a document from March 25 1229 for the first time. In the document, Earl Adolf IV. of Schauenburg and Holstein gave the village to a Cistercian convent. (The convent moved to today's town of Reinbek.) The King of Denmark and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, Frederick I of Denmark, got all the convent had during the Protestant Reformation. In 1544 his son Christian III gave a part of it to each of his brothers. The owner changed again several times.

In 1948, the town administration of Glinde, Oststeinbek, Havighorst and Schönningstedt were brought together to the Amt Glinde. Schönningstedt left that combination in 1949 and Havighorst left it in 1973. So Glinde und Oststeinbek became independent villages.

On June 24, 1979, (on the 750th anniversary of the village), Glinde became a town.





Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov

Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov, (18 March 1844, Tikhvin – 21 June 1908) was a Russian composer. He was one of the most famous composers of his time and influenced a lot of other composers. Like so many Russian composers in the 19th century, he was an amateur composer. His main job was in the navy.

Rimsky-Korsakov was born near Novgorod, 18 March 1844, and died in Lybensk, near St Petersburg, 21 June 1908. He is best known for his operas, orchestral music and songs. He was brilliant at writing music for orchestras and wrote an excellent book about orchestration. He loved to write music about fairy-tale stories and legends. His best-known work is "Scheherazade", an orchestral piece which describes in music the stories told by Scheherazade in the book of "One Thousand and One Nights". He also completed or re-orchestrated several works by Modest Mussorgsky which had been left unfinished.

Rimsky-Korsakov was born in 1844. Several people from his family had careers in the Russian army and navy. Both his grandmothers, however, were simple people who had lived in the country. When he was young he showed a great interest in music. He sang every tune he heard and knew, without looking, the names of the notes that he heard being played on the piano. When he was six he started piano lessons. The opera "Life for the Tsar" by Glinka made a big impression on him. However, he wanted to join the navy, so in 1862 he entered the College of Naval Cadets, where his brother (who was 22 years older) was the director.

He continued to learn the piano while he was at Cadet school. He was never a brilliant pianist, but he enjoyed playing tunes from operas on the piano. He got to know several young composers who were already becoming famous: Balakirev, Cui and Mussorgsky. Balakirev gave him advice about his compositions. He started to write a symphony, but then he had to go to sea for two-and-a-half years. He sailed on a clipper called "Almaz". The boat went to Gravesend, the Baltic Sea, New York, Rio de Janeiro and the Mediterranean When he got back, Balakirev made him finish the symphony.

Rimsky-Korsakov now worked about two or three hours a day for the navy. He spent the rest of the time composing or visiting friends. He met more composers, including Borodin and Dargomïzhsky, and he composed songs and piano music, although he was not good enough to play the piano to audiences. However, his friends realized that he was very good at writing for orchestras and he was asked to orchestrate several pieces. Dargomïzhsky, who was dying, had not yet orchestrated his opera "The Stone Guest", so he asked Rimsky-Korsakov to do it.

Although he had not had any formal musical education he was offered a job as professor of composition at the Petersburg Conservatory. In 1872 he married a girl called Nadezhda. She was a beautiful woman and an excellent pianist, and she helped him a lot, especially in making piano arrangements of his orchestral music.

He wrote three symphonies and an opera "The Maid of Pskov", but in 1897 he stopped composing for several years. He spent his time inspecting naval bands and studied in great detail how musical instruments worked. Then, in 1880 he produced a new opera "May Night". It was performed in the Mariinsky Theatre. One of the main parts was sung by Fyodor Stravinsky, who was the father of Igor Stravinsky. Rimsky-Korsakov had by now become really interested in Russian folktunes and fairy tales. His next opera was "Snow Maiden". Then his friend Mussorgsky died, leaving lots of compositions unfinished. Rimsky-Korsakov spent a lot of time preparing them for publication. He made changes to some of Mussorgsky’s harmonies so that it suited his Romantic tastes. Nowadays many people think that Mussorgsky’s versions are better and that Rimsky-Korsakov had not understood properly what Mussorgsky had been trying to do. He also completed and orchestrated Borodin’s opera "Prince Igor" after Borodin died. He composed two very popular orchestral works: "Spanish Capriccio" (1887) and "Sheherazade" (1888). After this he hardly ever wrote any music which was just for orchestra, he concentrated instead on writing operas, e.g. The Tsar's Bride (1899).

He became even more interested in opera after Karl Muck had conducted Richard Wagner’s Ring Cycle four times in St Petersburg, but Wagner’s music did not influence his own style. However, he also had lots of worries, particularly about the health of some members of his family. He started to become depressed and worried about losing his ability to compose. He became more relaxed after he moved to a new home in the country. He composed the operas "Christmas Eve" and "Sadko". He wrote many beautiful songs and made changes to some of his earlier music. He also wrote an autobiography.

Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov died of heart trouble in 1908.

Rimsky-Korsakov is best known in the west for a few orchestral works, especially: "Scheherazade", "Spanish Capriccio" and "Easter Festival" overture. The way he arranges the music for the different instruments of the orchestra is brilliant (for example: in "Scheherazade" his use of the trombones for the evil Sultan, the violin for the beautiful Scheherazade, or the bassoon for the beggar. His operas are also full of wonderful effects and brilliant writing for the singers, but are often hard to translate well into other languages. One of his most famous piano works is "The Flight Of The Bumblebee".


Modest Mussorgsky

Modest Petrovitch Mussorgsky (born Karevo, Pskov district, 21 March 1839; died St Petersburg, 28 March 1881) was a Russian composer.

Mussorgsky is famous for his operas and songs. He discovered new ways of writing for the voice which were very tuneful but which also suited the Russian language. His most famous opera is "Boris Godunov". He wrote an overture called "Night on a Bald Mountain". Another very famous piece is called "Pictures at an Exhibition". He wrote it for the piano, but many years after his death another composer called Maurice Ravel orchestrated it and this is the version people usually hear today. Some of his works were re-orchestrated and "improved" by the composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. In recent years people have started to think that what Mussorgsky wrote originally was better.

Mussorgsky was born in Toropets, 250 miles south of Saint Petersburg. His family were very rich and owned a lot of land and servants (known as “serfs” in Russia). He probably got to know the serfs well. Later, in his operas, we can see that he had a lot of sympathy for the ordinary, poor people. When Mussorgsky was six he started to have piano lessons from his mother. He learned very quickly, and when he was nine he performed a concerto by John Field and works by Franz Liszt for the family. When he was 10 he and his brother went to a private school: St Peter’s School. When he was 12 he composed a polka. His father paid for it to be published.

When he was 13 he was sent to the Cadet School of the Guards. His parents wanted him to be in military service, like his ancestors had been. It was a hard life at the school. There was a lot of bullying. He learned to drink alcohol and this eventually led to his alcoholism which was to kill him. He played the piano for the cadets to dance to. He was interested in history and German philosophy.

In October 1856, when he was 17 years old, he met the 22-year-old Alexander Borodin. They were both working in a military hospital in Saint Petersburg. The two men were soon good friends. He also met Alexander Dargomyzhsky who was then the most important Russian composer after Mikhail Glinka. Dargomyzhsky liked Mussorgsky's piano playing, and Mussorgsky often went to musical parties at Dargomyzhsky’s home. Here he met many other important Russian musicians: the critic Vladimir Stasov and the composers César Cui and Mily Balakirev. He had a very special relationship with Balakirev who was like a teacher to him and gave him a lot of advice and encouragement, introducing him to a lot of music he did not yet know. In 1858 Mussorgsky decided to give up his job and spend all his time on music.

The following years were difficult for Mussorgsky. He had a lot of depression. He composed some piano pieces and some songs. It was also a difficult time for his family who lost a lot of their wealth in 1861 when the new tsar of Russia ordered that the serfs could be free. Mussorgsky became a member of a group of five composers who became known as the Mighty Handful. The other four were Balakirev, Borodin, Cui and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. The five were not together for very long. The others became too busy with careers outside music, or their musical tastes became very different from Mussorgsky’s. In 1863 he started to compose an opera "Salammbô" but he never finished it.

Mussorgsky was very upset when his mother died in 1865. He started to drink heavily. 
In 1867 he finished the original orchestral version of his "Night on Bald Mountain". Balakirev did not like it and refused to conduct it, so it was never performed during Mussorgsky’s lifetime.

Mussorgsky continued his career as a civil servant, but often he was not paid. He was very impressed by Dargomïzhsky’s new opera "The Stone Guest" and composed eleven scenes for an opera called "The Marriage". This, too, remained unfinished. However, he learned a lot from working at these unfinished works, and developed his own style which was later used in his greatest work: "Boris Godunov". He learned a way of setting words to music that would keep the words flowing in a natural way which heightened their meaning. It was very different from the old-style operas where music was divided sharply into arias and recitatives with a few choruses.

When he was 29 he was encouraged to write an opera on the historical story of Boris Godunov. He based his opera on a play by Alexander Pushkin, but he also read history books by Nikolay Karamzin. He worked at the opera for a year while living with friends and working for the Forestry Department. In 1871 he had finished it, but it was not performed in the theatre because it did not have an important part for a female. Mussorgsky changed the opera, adding a whole new act with a love scene with a Polish princess. He made other changes as well. The new version was accepted. The first performance of the complete Godunov took place in February 1874. Mussorgsky was then at the height of his fame.

After this Mussorgsky’s life became gradually worse. He was depressed, and had fits of madness. He was drinking heavily. He still managed to compose. He wrote a song cycle
"Sunless", a piano suite "Pictures at an Exhibition" and started two operas: "Khovanschina" and "The Fair at Sorochyntsi". A lot of his friends were drinking, and many of them died. He was lucky to keep his job: his boss was very keen on music and allowed him a lot of time off work. However, in 1880 he eventually lost his job. He was very poor. A group of friends got together to give him money so that he could finish the two operas he was composing. He almost managed to finish "Khovanschina" but "The Fair at Sorochyntsi" remained unfinished. He became ill. The famous painter Repin made a painting of the composer, showing him with a red nose and glazed eyes. He died a week after his 42nd birthday.

Mussorgsky's music uses Russian musical themes. His music influenced later composers such as Dmitri Shostakovich and Sergei Prokofiev. His greatest work was the opera "Boris Godunov" which was about an historical character who illegally made himself tsar of Russia, but dies when he feels guilty about the murder he had committed.

"Khovanshchina" was left unfinished and was completed by Rimsky-Korsakov. It was first performed in 1886 in Saint Petersburg. This opera, too, was revised by Shostakovich. "The Fair at Sorochyntsi" remained unfinished. It includes a dance, a Gopak, which is very well-known.

Perhaps his best-known work is "Pictures at an Exhibition". It was written for piano, but later the French composer Maurice Ravel arranged it for orchestra, and this version is very often performed today at concerts. A short orchestral piece "Night on Bald Mountain" is also very often performed.

Mussorgsky wrote a number of songs including three short song cycles: "The Nursery" (1872), "Sunless" (1874) and "Songs and Dances of Death" (1877). One very well-known song is "Mephistopheles' Song of the Flea".

Provost

In the United States, the Provost is the chief academic officer of a college or university. Different schools have different rules for what the Provost does, but most Provosts deal with issues about hiring and dismissing professors and giving out tenure, handling complaints about academic programs, and deciding what the general academic policies are for the school. In other countries, the Provost is sometimes the leader of the whole college or university.

Robert Kocharian

Robert Kocharian is the president of Armenia. He is the second president Armenia has had since it left the Soviet Union. On August 31 1954 Robert Kocharian was born in Nagorno-Karabakh, in the city of Stepanakert. As president of Armenia, Kocharian has been talking to the president of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev, about what to do with the land of Nagorno-Karabakh, which the two countries had a war over.

Armenians

Armenians (, ) are an ethnic group and nation native to the Armenian highlands of West Asia. Armenians constitute the main population of the Republic of Armenia and constituted the main population of the unrecognized Republic of Artsakh until the Armenians of Nagorno-Narabakh were ethnically cleansed. There is a wide-ranging diaspora of around five million people of full or partial Armenian ancestry living outside modern Armenia. The largest Armenian populations today exist in Russia, the United States, France, Georgia, Iran, Germany, Ukraine, Lebanon, Brazil, Syria, and Turkey. The present-day Armenian diaspora was formed mainly as a result of the Armenian genocide with the exceptions of Iran, former Soviet states, and parts of the Levant.

They speak Armenian which is an Indo-European language unique to its own branch in that language family. It has two mutually intelligible spoken and written forms: Eastern Armenian, today spoken mainly in Armenia, Artsakh, Iran, and the former Soviet republics; and Western Armenian, used in the historical Western Armenia and, after the Armenian genocide, primarily in the Armenian diasporan communities. The unique Armenian alphabet was invented in 405 AD by Mesrop Mashtots.

Most Armenians adhere to the Armenian Apostolic Church, a non-Chalcedonian Christian church, which is also the world's oldest national church. Christianity began to spread in Armenia soon after Jesus' death, due to the efforts of two of his apostles, St. Thaddeus and St. Bartholomew. In the early 4th century, the Kingdom of Armenia became the first state to adopt Christianity as a state religion, followed by the first pilgrimages to the Holy Land where a community established the Armenian Quarter of Old Jerusalem.

The territory of the ancient Kingdom of Urartu extended over the modern frontiers of Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and the Republic of Armenia. Its center was the Armenian highland between Lake Van, Lake Urmia, and Lake Sevan. During the seventh century, the Urartians collaborated with a combination of Scythians and Cimmerians in their jockeying for power, but by 590, having been weakened in the constant rivalry between Assyrians, Babylonians, Scythians, and Medes, Urartu was swallowed by the Medes. 
Armenians are the heirs of the Urartians. Redgate says that the Urartians are the "most easily identifiable" ancestors of the Armenians. Philip D. Curtin defined the Kingdom of Urartu as an Armenian kingdom.

The Iron Age kingdom of Urartu was replaced by the Orontid dynasty, which ruled Armenia first as satraps under Achaemenid Persian rule and later as independent kings. The Kingdom of Armenia was ruled by the Orontid (also known as Yervanduni or Eurandids) dynasty from 321 BC to 200 BC. The Orontids (Eurandids) were an Armenian dynasty of probably Iranian origin. Around 200 BC a coup by the Armenian noble family of Artaxias toppled the Orontid (Yervanduni) dynasty, thus the Artaxiad dynasty came to power. The Artaxiad dynasty was been identified as a branch of the Orontid (Eurandid) dynasty. The Seleucid Empire's influence over Armenia had weakened after it was defeated by the Romans in the Battle of Magnesia in 190 BC. A Hellenistic Armenian state was thus founded in the same year by Artaxias I alongside the Armenian kingdom of Sophene led by Zariadres. Artaxias seized Yervandashat, united the Armenian Highlands at the expense of neighboring tribes and founded the new royal capital of Artaxata near the Araxes River. The new city was laid on a strategic position at the juncture of trade routes that connected the Ancient Greek world with Bactria, India and the Black Sea which permitted the Armenians to prosper.

Under Tigranes the Great, a member of this dynasty, during his reign, Kingdom of Armenia stretched from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean and the Kingdom of Armenia was called the "Armenian empire" during her reign. At one time, the domains of Tigranes the Great stretched from the shores of the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean, from Mesopotamia up to the Pontic Alps. The vast empire, formed of a varied mixture of diverse tribes, with their own dialects and cultures, could hardly be turned over- night into a cohesive and durable political structure. Inner disunity aided the designs of the Romans, who launched a series of onslaughts on the Armenian dynast, beginning with the invasion by Lucullus in 69-68 B.C, and culminating in the campaigns of Pompey in Armenia, Iberia and Colchis in 66-65 B.C. The downfall of Tigranes the Great was precipitated by the flight of his son, Tigranes the Younger, to the court of the Parthian king Phraates III, who supplied him with an army with which to invade Armenia, and join forces with the victorious Romans.

Approximately half a century after the collapse of the Artaxiad dynasty Armenia was under the rule of the Arshakunis, the Armenian branch of the Parthian Arsacids. Next, in 314, under King Tiridates (Trdat) the Great and through the apostolate of St. Gregory the Illuminator, Armenia, nearly simultaneously with the Roman empire, officially accepted Christianity, a turning point in its history. An event of importance in the Arshakuni period was the invention, on the threshold of the fifth century, of the Armenian alphabet by St. Mesrop. With this Armenian became the language of the educated; it was introduced into the liturgy; and national literature was born (under Hellenistic and Syrian influences). Armenia’s identity and individuality were thus saved and an absorption by either Byzantine or Iranian civilization was precluded. 

Later, the Armenian highland was divided between the Sassanids and their successors, the Arabs with the Eastern Rome. 
Prestige of Ashot I, governor of Armenia, rose as both Byzantine and Arab leaders courted him. The Abbasid Caliphate recognized Ashot as "prince of princes" in 862 and, later on, as king. Several contemporary prominent Armenians, including Grigor-Derenik Vaspurakan, insisted on Ashot's coronation. Ashot was crowned King of Armenia through the consent of Caliph al-Mu'tamid in 885 to prevent intrusion into Armenian territory by Basil I, a Byzantine emperor of Armenian origin. The establishment of the Bagratuni kingdom later led to the founding of several other Armenian principalities and kingdoms: Taron, Vaspurakan, Kars, Khachen and Syunik. During the reign of Ashot III (952/53–77), Ani became the kingdom's capital and grew into a thriving economic and cultural center. The first half of the 11th century saw the decline and eventual collapse of the kingdom. The Byzantine emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025) won a string of victories and annexed parts of southwestern Armenia. King Hovhannes-Smbat felt forced to cede his lands and in 1022 promised to "will" his kingdom to the Byzantines following his death. However, after Hovhannes-Smbat's death in 1041, his successor, Gagik II, refused to hand over Ani and continued resistance until 1045, when his kingdom, plagued with internal and external threats, was finally taken by Byzantine forces. It can be assumed that Armenia had a population of 5–6 million at that time in the (IX-XI centuries). 
The kingdom had its origins in the principality founded 1080 by the Rubenid dynasty, an alleged offshoot of the larger Bagratuni dynasty, which at various times had held the throne of Armenia. Their capital was originally at Tarsus, and later became Sis.

In 1198, with the crowning of Leo I, King of Armenia of the Rubenid dynasty, Cilician Armenia became a kingdom.

In 1226, the crown was passed to rival Hethumids through Leo's daughter Isabella's second husband, Hethum I. As the Mongols conquered vast regions of Central Asia and the Middle East, Hethum and succeeding Hethumid rulers sought to create an Armeno-Mongol alliance against common Muslim foes, most notably the Mamluks. In the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, the Crusader states and the Mongol Ilkhanate disintegrated, leaving the Armenian Kingdom without any regional allies. After relentless attacks by the Mamluks in Egypt in the fourteenth century, the Cilician Armenia of the Lusignan dynasty, mired in an internal religious conflict, finally fell in 1375.

Commercial and military interactions with Europeans brought new Western influences to the Cilician Armenian society. Many aspects of Western European life were adopted by the nobility including chivalry, fashions in clothing, and the use of French titles, names, and language. Moreover, the organization of the Cilician society shifted from its traditional system to become closer to Western feudalism. The European Crusaders themselves borrowed know-how, such as elements of Armenian castle-building and church architecture. Cilician Armenia thrived economically, with the port of Ayas serving as a center for East–West trade. 
Following the end of the Byzantine Empire in 1453, two Islamic empires—the Ottoman Empire and the Iranian Safavid Empire—contested Western Armenia, which was permanently separated from Eastern Armenia (held by the Safavids) by the 1639 Treaty of Zuhab.

Iranian and Russian Empires

Until the late fifteenth century, Armenians had constituted a majority in Eastern Armenia. At the close of the fifteenth century, with the rise of the Safavids, Islam had become the dominant faith, and Armenians became a minority in Eastern Armenia.

Some 80% of the population of Iranian Armenia were Muslims (Persians, Turkics, and Kurds) whereas Christian Armenians constituted a minority of about 20%, mainly because of the sixteenth-century wars with the Ottomans and the early seventeenth-century forced deportations of Armenians from the region by Shah Abbas I. As a result of the Treaty of Gulistan (1813) and the Treaty of Turkmenchay (1828), Iran was forced to cede Iranian Armenia (which also constituted the present-day Armenia), to the Russians.

After the Russian administration took hold of Iranian Armenia, the ethnic make-up shifted, and thus for the first time in three centuries, ethnic Armenians started to form a majority once again in one part of historic Armenia. The Russian offensive during the Caucasus Campaign of World War I, the subsequent occupation, and the creation of a provisional administrative government gave hope for ending Ottoman Turkish rule in Western Armenia. With the help of several battalions of Armenians recruited from the Russian Empire, the Russian army had made progress on the Caucasus Front, advancing as far as the city of Erzurum in 1916. The Russians continued to make considerable advances even after the toppling of Tsar Nicholas II in February 1917.

Ottoman Empire

From the mid-nineteenth century, Armenians faced large-scale land usurpation as a consequence of the sedentarization of Kurdish tribes and the arrival of Muslim refugees and immigrants (mainly Circassians) following the Russo-Circassian War. In 1876, when Sultan Abdul Hamid II came to power, the state began to confiscate Armenian-owned land in the eastern provinces and give it to Muslim immigrants as part of a systematic policy to reduce the Armenian population of these areas. This policy lasted until World War I. These conditions led to a substantial decline in the population of the Armenian highlands; 300,000 Armenians left the empire, and others moved to towns. Some Armenians joined revolutionary political parties, of which the most influential was the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF), founded in 1890. These parties primarily sought reform within the empire and found only limited support from Ottoman Armenians.
Abdul Hamid's despotism prompted the formation of an opposition movement, the Young Turks, which sought to overthrow him and restore the 1876 Constitution of the Ottoman Empire, which he had suspended in 1877. Although skeptical of a growing, exclusionary Turkish nationalism in the Young Turk movement, the ARF decided to ally with the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) in December 1907. In 1908, the CUP came to power in the Young Turk Revolution, which began with a string of CUP assassinations of leading officials in Macedonia. In early 1909 an unsuccessful countercoup was launched by conservatives and some liberals who opposed the CUP's increasingly repressive governance. When news of the countercoup reached Adana, armed Muslims attacked the Armenian quarter and Armenians returned fire. Ottoman soldiers did not protect Armenians and instead armed the rioters. Between 20,000 and 25,000 people, mostly Armenians, were killed in Adana and nearby towns. Unlike the 1890s massacres, the events were not organized by the central government but instigated by local officials, intellectuals, and Islamic clerics, including CUP supporters in Adana.

On the eve of World War I in 1914, around two million Armenians lived in Anatolia out of a total population of 15–17.5 million. According to the Armenian Patriarchate's estimates for 1913–1914, there were 2,925 Armenian towns and villages in the Ottoman Empire, of which 2,084 were in the Armenian highlands in the vilayets of Bitlis, Diyarbekir, Erzerum, Harput, and Van. Armenians were a minority in most places where they lived, alongside Turkish and Kurdish Muslim and Greek Orthodox Christian neighbors. According to the Patriarchate's figure, 215,131 Armenians lived in urban areas, especially Constantinople, Smyrna, and Eastern Thrace. Although most Ottoman Armenians were peasant farmers, they were overrepresented in commerce. As middleman minorities, despite the wealth of some Armenians, their overall political power was low, making them especially vulnerable. During World War I, the CUP—whose central goal was to preserve the Ottoman Empire—came to identify Armenian civilians as an existential threat. CUP leaders held Armenians—including women and children—collectively guilty for "betraying" the empire, a belief that was crucial to deciding on genocide in early 1915. Minister of War Enver Pasha took war of Sarikamish after losing, Enver publicly blamed his defeat on Armenians who he claimed had actively sided with the Russians, a theory that became a consensus among CUP leaders. Reports of local incidents such as weapons caches, severed telegraph lines, and occasional killings confirmed preexisting beliefs about Armenian treachery and fueled paranoia among CUP leaders that a coordinated Armenian conspiracy was plotting against the empire. In February 1915, the CUP leaders decided to disarm Armenians serving in the army and transfer them to labor battalions. Discounting contrary reports that most Armenians were loyal, the CUP leaders decided that the Armenians had to be eliminated to save the empire. 

The ethnic cleansing of Armenians during the final years of the Ottoman Empire is widely considered a genocide, there are different estimates for the number of Armenians who died from the genocide range from 800,000 to 1,500,000.

The First Republic of Armenia was established in 1918, but collapsed in 1920. In 1921, the Republic of Mountainous Armenia was established but collapsed in the same year. Afterwards Armenia came under the Soviet administration and became one of the Soviet Republics. In 1991, like other Soviet Republics, Armenia gained its independence.




Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore)

The Mass Rapid Transit system, commonly known as the MRT, is a rapid transit system that makes up the railways in Singapore, covering most of the city-state. 

Following two decades of planning, the system began operations in November 1987 with 5 stations spread over of track. The network has since grown quickly in accordance with Singapore's aim of developing a complex rail network as the core of the country's public transportation system, averaging a daily ridership of 3.384 million in 2019. The MRT is known as one of the best rapid transit system in the world.

It is a rapid transit system which links the different places of Singapore together using a network, or different connections of trains. When a person travels from one place to another, he or she boards a train in a train station and then the train moves until the train reaches the place he or she wants to come out, or alight from. Sometimes he or she has to change trains.

About 3.4 million passengers use the MRT everyday. The system is 231 km long and has 134 stations. Trains run from 5:30 am to 1:00 am every day except for the festive periods, such as Christmas Eve, New Year's Eve and Chinese New Year's Eve. A train comes every 2–3 minutes in peak hours, every 7 minutes during off-peak hours and 5–6 minutes for the weekend service. It is operated by Singapore's SMRT Corporation and SBS Transit.

There are currently 6 lines in the MRT system, where they are connected by special stops called interchanges. The lines are North South Line, East West Line, North East Line, Circle Line, Downtown Line and the Thomson-East Coast Line. 

On 16 December 2011, the MRT network suffered what is likely to be the worst breakdown in its 24-year operating history. 'A power rail problem' made North-South Line trains suddenly lose power and stopped in darkness and without air conditioning for up to an hour accompanied only by light from mobile phones.

The MRT system only had two lines, the North South and East West Lines, for more than ten years until the opening of the North East Line in 2003. While plans for these lines, as well as those being built, were made long before, the Land Transport Authority's (LTA) proposal named ""A World Class Land Transport System"" in 1996 showed that the government wanted to greatly expand on the existing system. The plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the main way of public transportation. It called for the expansion of the 67 kilometres of track in 1995 to over 360 in the year 2030. It was expected that daily ridership in 2030 would have grown to 6.0 million from the current 1.4 million passengers.

The 43-kilometre Thomson-East Coast Line was planned to be completed by 2025 and will consist of 32 stations. It was originally planned to be completed by 2024 but this plan was changed due to the Covid-19 pandemic. It will connect to the North South Line at Woodlands station, Orchard and Marina Bay, to the Circle Line at Thomson, Caldecott and Marina Bay, to the Downtown Line at Stevens and Sungei Bedok, and to the East West and North East lines at Outram Park. The first part, or stage, opened in 2019.

The Thomson-East Coast Line was a result of joining two separate lines, the Thomson Line and the Eastern Region Line, which was announced on 15 August 2014. The Thomson Line consisted of the part from Woodlands North to Marina Bay, while the Eastern Region Line consisted of the rest of the joined line.

A new extension to the line was announced on 25 May 2019. The new extension will connect the line to Singapore Changi Airport, allowing people arriving from the airport to go to the city without changing to another train. The tracks of the East West MRT line that currently go to the airport will also be used by this extension, which means that trains on the line will go all the way to Tanah Merah station, and there will be no more East West line trains using these tracks. This extension is expected to open by/before 2040.

To be opened by 2024, the 2-kilometre extension will run from Punggol through Punggol North including the new Punggol Downtown. The extension is for future residents in Punggol North to have access by train to the city centre as well as other parts of Singapore.

The Downtown Line was built in three stages, with the first opening in 2013, the second in 2015, and the third in 2017. An extension to the third stage, known as Stage 3e, will open in 2025, being 2.2 kilometres long and with two more stations. On 7 March 2015, Senior Minister of Stage for Transport Janil Puthucheary said that there will be a new station called Hume, to be built between the already open stations of Hillview and Beauty World. This station will open in 2025. When Hume opens, the line will be 42 kilometres long and have 37 stations.

On 25 May 2019, the Land Transport Authority announced another extension to the second stage of the line to a new station, Sungei Kadut MRT station. This extension will open in the mid-2030s.

To be opened by 2026, the 4-kilometre extension will run from Marina Bay through Keppel, ending at HarbourFront, making the Circle Line a full continuous circle.

First proposed as a LRT line when originally announced in 2001, the Jurong Region Line is now going to be a medium capacity line. The new plan will serve West Coast, Tengah and Choa Chu Kang and Jurong. The line will open in stages from 2026.

The 50-kilometre Cross Island Line will go across the island of Singapore, passing through Tuas, Jurong, Sin Ming, Ang Mo Kio, Hougang, Punggol, Pasir Ris and Changi. The addition of the new line brings commuters with another way for east–west travel to the current East West Line. It will also connect to all the other major lines to serve as a key transfer line, adding to the role currently fulfilled by the orbital Circle Line; the Cross Island Line will also become the first line to have interchange stations with all existing lines as of 2023. (Under construction lines included). The first stage will open by 2029, and other stages are expected to open by 2031.

On 25 May 2019, the LTA announced two new stations to be built on the North South line. Brickland station will be built between Bukit Gombak and Choa Chu Kang, while Sungei Kadut will be built between Yew Tee and Kranji. Both stations will open in the mid-2030s.

In the LTA's Land Transport Master Plan (LTMP) 2040, there will be studies to see if a new line can be built, between Woodlands, and Greater Southern Waterfront areas. If the line is built, it will be about 30 kilometres long, and will be completed as early as 2040. The line could serve around 400,000 houses, and lower the time needed for travel to the city by up to 40 minutes.

Every station has ticket machines, restrooms (toilets), a passenger service center, which controls what is happening in the train station and has wired radio with the train operator, payphones (public phones) and access for disabled. Some of them have automated teller machines, kiosks and a bus interchange nearby.

All stations in Singapore are either elevated or underground, with the exception of Bishan. Underground stations and trains are air-conditioned and have full-height platform screen doors. Elevated stations have half-height platform screen doors.

A total of 12 types of rolling stock are used on the MRT lines. Almost all of them are powered by 750 voltage current from a third rail, except those on the North East MRT Line, which uses 1500 voltage current from overhead wires.

For the North South and East West Lines, seven types of rolling stock are used. The oldest is the C151, built in 1986-89 by a collaboration between Kawasaki Heavy Industries and three sub-companies, Kinki Sharyo, Nippon Sharyo and Tokyu Car Corp. 66 trainsets are in operation, which were upgraded between 2006 and 2008. 19 more C651s were purchased in 1994 from Siemens AG, followed by 21 more C751B sets, built in 1999-2000 by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Nippon Sharyo. Two companies, Kawasaki Heavy Industries and CSR Sifang, have collaborated to build 3 types of rolling stock. The fourth rolling stock in operation is the C151A. They were built between 2010 and 2014, and started operations in 2011. The next rolling stock that started operations is the C151B, which began operations on 16 April 2017. The next rolling stock, being built between 2017 and 2018, is the C151C, and it began operations on 30 September 2018. The newest rolling stock, the R151, began operations on 4 June 2023 on the East West Line. With 106 trains ordered, it plans to replace the C151, C651 and the C715B.

On the North East Line, 25 six-car trainsets of the C751A were built from 1999 to 2002 by Alstom. A further 18 trainsets, the C751C, were built by Alstom and Shanghai Electric and entered operation on 1 October 2015. A new model, the C851E, entered service in 2023, with 6 trainsets.

For the fourth MRT line, the Circle Line, 40 three-car trainsets of C830s were built from 2005 to 2008 and began operations in 2009. Together with the C751Cs, the same companies made 24 C830C trainsets which began operations on 26 June 2015.

For the fifth MRT line, the Downtown Line, 73 three car C951s were built by Bombardier Transportation and began operations in 2013. An additional 15 trains and a final 4 trains were ordered, bringing the total number of C951s to 92 trainsets.

For the sixth MRT line, the Thomson-East Coast Line, 91 four-car trainsets of CT251 rolling stock are built and were delivered between 2018 and 2021, and it began operations in 2020.

Stations are divided into two areas, "paid" and "unpaid", which allow the rail operators to collect fares by controlling entry only through the fare gates, also known as "access control gates". These gates, connected to a computer system, are able to read and change electronic tickets that can store data, and can store information such as the initial and destination stations and the duration for each trip. General Ticketing Machines sell tickets for single trips or allow the customer to purchase more value for stored-value tickets. Standard tickets can be used up to 6 times within 30 days from the day of purchase. The machines also allow the customer to buy more credit for stored-value tickets. Such tickets require a minimum amount of stored credit.

As the fare system has been connected together by TransitLink, commuters need to pay only one fare and pass through two fare gates (once on entry, once on exit) for an entire journey, even when transferring between lines operated by different companies. Commuters can choose to extend a trip mid-journey, and pay the difference as they exit their destination station.

The ticketing system uses the EZ-Link and NETS FlashPay contactless smart cards based upon the System for e-Payments (SeP) system for public transit built on the Singapore Standard for Contactless ePurse Application (CEPAS) system. This system allows for up to 4 card issuers in the market. The EZ-Link card was introduced on 13 April 2002 as a replacement to the original TransitLink farecard while its competitor the NETS FlashPay card entered the smart card market on 9 October 2009. The adult EZ-link card is at S$15 while the NETS FlashPay card is at S$13.

Assurance has been given by both operators and authorities, that many actions have been taken in an effort to ensure the safety of passengers, with SBS Transit having to make greater efforts in actively publicising its safety considerations on the driverless North East Line before and after its opening. Safety campaign posters are highly visible in trains and stations, and the operators frequently play safety announcements to passengers and to commuters waiting for trains. Fire safety standards are about the same as the strict guidelines of the US National Fire Protection Association. Platform screen doors are installed at all underground stations, with half-height platform screen doors installed at all above-ground stations. These doors prevent suicides and disallowed access to restricted areas, as well as keeping normal temperatures in stations. Bylaws reduce uncivil, disruptive and dangerous acts, such as smoking, the consumption of food and drink, using safety features in an evil way, and unlawfully going onto the railway tracks. Penalties ranging from fines to jail are given for these offences.

Safety concerns were raised among the public after several accidents on the system during the 1980s and 1990s, but most problems have been fixed. On 5 August 1993, two trains collided at Clementi MRT Station because of an oil spillage on the track, which resulted in 132 injuries. There were calls for platform screen doors to be installed at above-ground stations after several incidents in which passengers were killed by oncoming trains when they fell onto the railway tracks at above-ground stations. The people in charge initially rejected such proposals as they felt that the functional purposes were not worth the high cost of installation, but changed their minds when the government announced plans to install half-height automatic platform gates in a speech on 25 January 2008, reasoning that worldwide installations of these gates reduced the market price for them.

Security concerns related to crime and terrorism were not the biggest priority of the system's planners at its original creation. However, after the Madrid train bombings in 2004 and the failed plan to bomb the Yishun MRT Station, the operators deployed private, unarmed guards to patrol station platforms and check the belongings of commuters.

Recorded announcements are frequently made to remind passengers to report suspicious activity and not to leave their belongings unattended. Digital closed-circuit cameras (CCTVs) have been upgraded with recording software at all stations and trains operated by SMRT Corporation. Trash bins and mail boxes have been removed from station platforms and concourse levels to station entrances, to remove the risk that bombs will be placed in them. Photography without prior allowance was also banned in all MRT stations since.

On 14 April 2005, the Singapore Police Force announced plans to improve rail security by creating a specialised Police MRT Unit, now known as Public Transport Security Command (Transcom). These armed officers began patrols on the MRT and LRT systems on 15 August 2005, conducting random patrols in pairs in and around rail stations and within trains. They are trained and allowed to use their firearms if they need to, including killing if necessary.



Hampshire College

Hampshire College is a private college in Amherst, Massachusetts. The current president of the college is Edward Wingenbach. The motto of the college is "Non Satis Scire", which is Latin for "to know is not enough".

It was created in 1965 by four other colleges as an experiment in higher education. The campus opened and the first class of students arrived in 1970. The Presidents of Amherst College, Smith College, Mount Holyoke College, and the University of Massachusetts got together in the 1950s and early 1960s and realized that there were things their own schools did not do very well. They also thought that the world was changing a lot and needed a college where students would have a lot of responsibility for their own education to be successful in the future.

Franklin Patterson and Charles Longsworth were chosen by these schools and wrote a book called "The Making of a College" that said how Hampshire was to be run and what kind of programs it would offer. Today, this book is considered an inspirational document by Hampshire students and faculty who try to live up to its ideals.

Hampshire College describes itself as an experimenting college because it is always changing and improving how it does things, rather than doing the same thing as other colleges. Students usually do individual projects in order to move towards graduation. There is some required coursework, but it is not the main point of the school. Students also do not receive grades for completing their work. Instead, they get something called a "narrative evaluation", which is a long written explanation of what they did right and what they did wrong. There are also no specific required classes for graduation, but students must take classes in different areas depending on where they are in their studies.

The program is divided into three "Divisions" rather than four years, and students complete each Division as they show that they are capable of harder work. Most students graduate in four years, but not everyone takes the same amount of time for each Division. 


The Hampshire College faculty are not organized in traditional departments but in loosely collected Schools. The Schools' names and subjects have changed over the years, but there have always been between three and five of them. Since 2005, the Schools are:





Heather McCartney

Heather McCartney (born Heather See on December 31, 1962 in Tucson, Arizona) is the daughter of Linda McCartney, and the adopted daughter of former Beatle Paul McCartney.

When Linda, a magazine photographer, visited England on an assignment, she brought along daughter Heather, who soon had babysitters like guitarist Eric Clapton. When Linda began a relationship with McCartney, Heather's presence was a plus, as McCartney loved children and was eager to start a family. 

Six-year-old Heather makes a brief appearance in the movie "Let it Be", visiting McCartney in the studio while the Beatles were at work. She dances around as they play, jumps out at Ringo Starr from behind a cymbal (Starr, a father himself, pretended to be scared), and sits on McCartney's lap, while he checks a microphone.

Heather gained a half-sister the next year, as mother Linda became pregnant with McCartney's baby, and the two were married. McCartney adopted Heather, who took his name, and Mary McCartney (named for Paul's own mother) was born early in 1970. Another sister, Stella, became the fashion designer Stella McCartney. A brother, James Louis McCartney, became a musician.

Jan Kerouac

Jan-Michelle Kerouac (born February 16, 1952 - died June 7, 1996) was the daughter of writer Jack Kerouac, by his second wife Joan Haverty. A writer herself, Jan's books included "Baby Driver" and "Trainsong". She also appeared in some documentary programs about her father, giving her side of his life story.

On June 5, 1996, Kerouac died in Albuquerque, New Mexico a day after her spleen was removed. She had suffered kidney failure five years earlier and was on dialysis. She is buried in Nashua, New Hampshire, next to her father's parents.


Survivor

A survivor is a person or animal which continues to live after something happens which might have killed them. They might be one person who lives when ten people die in a car crash.

Survivor could also mean:






Exclusive disjunction

Exclusive disjunction (also called exclusive or, XOR) is a logic operation on two values. It is often represented by the symbol formula_1 (or formula_2). It will be true, if exactly one of the two values is true. Otherwise, it will be false. This also means that the result of 'XOR' will be true precisely both the values are different. Same values will result in a false.

The best way to remember a XOR operation is: "One or the other, but not both".

Because of that, this is different from inclusive disjunction.

The truth table of formula_3 (also written as formula_4, formula_5, or formula_6) is as follows:


Forchheim

Forchheim (; East Franconian: "Forchham") is a German town in Upper Franconia. Next bigger cities are Nürnberg, Bamberg, Fürth, Erlangen and Coburg. There live is about 32.000 people.

Forchheim is high and has an area of .

<br>


César Cui

César Cui (18 January 1835, Vilnius – 26 March 1918, Petrograd) was a Russian composer. He is the least known of the five Russian composers who were nicknamed the "Moguchaya Kuchka" ("Mighty Handful"), a group which included Mily Balakirev, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Modest Mussorgsky and Alexander Borodin. Cui’s father came from France and his mother from Lithuania. 

Like most Russian composers in the 19th century he was an amateur composer. His main job was as an expert on military fortifications. He became a professor in this subject and wrote important textbooks about military defences. He became a general.

Cui liked his friends from the Moguchaya Kuchka, but was often very critical of music by other Russian composers such as Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff. This may have been because he was jealous of their success. He did not find orchestration easy. Balakirev helped him a lot with the orchestration of some of his compositions. He was best when writing songs and short piano pieces. He liked to write music that sounded Far Eastern in character. Cellists like to play a short piece he wrote called "Orientale".

Alexander Borodin

Alexander Porfir'yevich Borodin (born St. Petersburg October 12th 1833; died St. Petersburg February 27 1887) was a Russian composer. Like many Russian composers of the 19th century he was an amateur musician. His main job was Professor of Chemistry at the University of St Petersburg. He had to compose in his spare time. When he was ill he had more leisure to write music. He used to tell his friends: “Please do not say: ‘I hope you are well’, please say: ‘I hope you are ill’”. Borodin’s most famous opera is called "Prince Igor". He wrote many fine songs, chamber music and orchestral music, including two symphonies. The Nocturne from his String quartet no 2 is especially well-known.
In his music, Borodin showed Russian power and the heoric characters. His main means of expression was melody.
When he was young he learned French, Swedish and English, but later Italian.

Borodin died of a heart attack.

Permit

A permit is a written document that has been given by a government source. Permits let a person do something that he could not do without the permit. Permits are commonly gotten for these reasons:


Corrosion

Corrosion is the breakdown of materials due to chemical reactions. It is usually oxidation with air molecules and often in the presence of water. Corrosion also occurs when an acidic/basic corrosive substance touches another material. When a material corrodes, its physical properties change. Problems with corrosion are mostly with metal, though other materials can corrode. Corrosion is a form of erosion. Some materials, such as stainless steel, are highly resistant to corrosion. Metals that may corrode can be protected by plating, painting, and other means.

One form of high temperature corrosion can lead to the formation of compacted oxide layer glazes, which under certain circumstances reduces wear. 

Iron corrosion is called rusting.

Rust

Rust is a type of corrosion. It happens to iron and its alloys when it is exposed to air or water for a long time. Rust slowly decomposes iron into other chemicals, because of a reaction with the oxygen molecules. Both air and water are needed for rust. Almost all metals corrode but they can be protected by covering with paint, a coating of oil or grease or even plastic. Sacrificial protection or industrial galvanizing can also work. Alloys (mixes of metals) such as stainless steel, rust more slowly than pure iron. When iron rusts, it becomes red or brown, and the metal eventually decays.

Rust appears on metal if it is left outside in the damp air. For example, rust occurs mostly in cracks of alloys or metals. Rain water can enter the cracks and stay in the cracks, and cause the metal to corrode. Eventually it becomes rust. Iron is not strong after it rusts.

Some metals, such as aluminium, titanium, and stainless steel form a very thin coating of tough corrosion on the metal. The metal cannot continue corroding because the coating isolates the rest of the metal from the source of oxygen. This is why aluminium keeps its shine. It also makes aluminium seem very unreactive, even though it can react with water. Rusting iron makes iron oxides that are not tough, so air and water continue to get in and the iron continues to rust.

Some types of basidiomycete fungi can be mistaken for rust because they are similar to rust in color and texture and sometimes are on metals.


Jamestown, Virginia

Jamestown is a town in the United States. It was founded on May 13, 1607, by about 100 men and boys and women who came to Virginia from London, England. They named the town Jamestown after King James. These men hoped to find gold and silver in order to become rich. There was no gold or silver in the land because of its geography, which they did not understand at the time. However, they did find out that they could make lots of money from growing and selling tobacco crops, due to the marshy soil. Soon, they were making their fortune from tobacco instead of gold. Jamestown was the first permanent English settlement in what would become the United States. The town was built on Jamestown Island along the James River. This location was selected because the local Native American tribes did not live on the island. Built on a peninsula, it was a good place to defend themselves from other European colonists.

Before Jamestown, fourteen colonies had been attempted in North America by Spain, France and England. Out of these, only two Spanish colonies survived making Jamestown the third European colony that succeeded for any period of time. The first colony attempted by Spain was in 1526 at San Miguel de Gualdape. Very little was known of it, including that its location was somewhere on the coast of present-day Georgia or South Carolina. 

In 1562, Jean Ribaut established a colony of French Huguenots called Charlesfort on Parris Island, South Carolina. He left about 27 men there while he returned to France. Meanwhile, the men of the colony revolted against their commander. They built a boat and attempted to return to France.

The English attempted to establish Roanoke Colony in 1587. But this was a failure. James I of England issued a charter in 1606 to set up a settlement in North America. At the time the English called the entire coast (above Florida) Virginia after Elizabeth I of England, the "virgin queen". One of the purposes of the new colony were to find a river route to the Pacific Ocean to establish trade with the Orient.

Three ships, the "Susan Constant", the "Godspeed" and the "Discovery" set sail from London on December 20, 1606 bound for Virginia. there were 106 settlers (4 were boys) and 39 crew members. However, it is not known how many may have died during the Voyage. They arrived on April 26, 1607.

The first day, between 20 and 30 men explored the site but then they came under attack by Indians at dusk. The people of Jamestown found there were many problems to their colony. The water was bad for drinking. Many insects lived around the swampy land. The insects gave the people who lived there diseases. The leader, Captain John Smith, made the rules for the men. One of the rules was, "You don't work, you don´t eat." The settlers traded with the Powhatan people. They gave the Powhatans tools, pots, and knives, in return for corn and vegetables. 

Two thirds died before another ship arrived from England in 1608 with more food and more settlers. During the harsh winter of 1609, most of the settlers starved to death and the survivors resorted to cannibalism.



350s

The 350s was a decade that began on 1 January 350 and ended on 31 December 359.


980s

The 980s was a decade that began on 1 January 980 and ended on 31 December 989.


Suhl

Suhl is a town in Thuringia, Germany. Its population in 2003 was 43,610.

According to a local joke, "Suhl is so close to the edge of the world you can see Zella-Mehlis".

Eisenach

Eisenach is a German city in the west of Thuringia. Next bigger Cities are Erfurt and Kassel. Its population is about 43,000.

GameFAQs

GameFAQs is a website with help and information for video games. It was started in November 1995 by Jeff "CJayC" Veasey. It has an active message board community.


Thomas Mann

Paul Thomas Mann (born 6 June 1875 in Lübeck; died 12 August 1955 in Zürich) was a German author.

Mann was born in 1875 in Lübeck as son of a salesman and senator of the city of Lübeck, into a rich and conservative family. In 1891 his father died. In 1894 Mann left school. He went to Munich, were his mother and his brothers and sister had been since 1893. He worked as an insurance salesman and wrote poems and prose by the way.

In 1898 he published his first works and began Die Buddenbrooks influenced by work of Arthur Schopenhauer, published in 1901. In 1906 he married, although he was not clear about his sexual orientation. In the World War I, Mann agreed with the war, but not enthusiastically. In the time of the Weimar Republic he defended democratic ideas.

In 1929 he won the Nobel Prize for literature. In 1933 the Nazis burned books of his brother Heinrich Mann. Because of this both Thomas and Heinrich and their family moved to the United States in 1934. He lost his German citizenship, but got Czechoslovakian citizenship in the United States. In 1944 he became a US citizen.

He worked for the Allies in the radio during the World War II. In 1952 he had to give a talk to the Committee on Un-American Activities. He was very disappointed in the United States and returned to Europe, to Switzerland, in 1953. In the 1950s he visited Germany sometimes. He died of atherosclerosis in Zürich, Switzerland.






Werner Heisenberg

Werner Karl Heisenberg (5 December 1901 1 February 1976) was a German physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of quantum mechanics. He discovered the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, which shows there is a limit on how well position and velocity of a particle can be measured.

Heisenberg was born in Wuerzburg, Germany, the son of a professor of Byzantine history. He went to university to study physics in Munich. Arnold Sommerfeld was one of his teachers. 

Heisenberg was a very good student and needed only three years to finish his studies. He then wrote a doctoral thesis about movements in the flows of liquids ("Über Stabilität und Turbulenz von Flüssigkeitsströmen"—"On the stability and turbulence of liquid streams"). In 1924 he became assistant to Max Born at the University of Göttingen. In June 1925 he was recovering from hay fever on the island Helgoland, and while working alone made the decisive breakthrough to Quantum mechanics. Back in Göttingen, together with Max Born and Pascual Jordan, they wrote the basic paper which founded Quantum 

mechanics. 

In 1926/ 1927 Heisenberg worked with Niels Bohr at the University of Copenhagen. In February 1927, while Bohr was on extended skiing holidays, he invented the uncertainty principle and published the paper “Über den anschaulichen Inhalt der quantentheoretischen Kinematik und Mechanik”—“On the Visualizable Contents of the Quantum-theoretical Kinematics and Mechanics”.

At the age of 26 Heisenberg became professor of theoretical physics at the University of Leipzig.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize when he was 31 years old.

In 1937 he married Elisabeth Schumacher. They had seven children, one of their sons is well known as a neurobiologist and geneticist, .

During the Second World War, from 1939 to 1945 Werner Heisenberg was drafted to work on the German Uranium Project . This was aiming at a nuclear reactor, and did not result in any nuclear weapons, possibly because Heisenberg did not want it to. Some historians assume that there was a race between the tiny German Uranium project and the huge American Manhattan project. Hans A. Bethe, the director of the theory division of the Manhattan project at Los Alamos, said this was not true. Edward Teller, the father of the American hydrogen bomb, said that Heisenberg sabotaged the German project.

After the war, he was held as a prisoner at Farm Hall in England from May 1945 to January, 1946, where the British and Americans kept ten German nuclear scientists.

Later he worked in elementary particle physics, mainly in West Germany and he helped the foundation of the European Laboratory for Elementary Particle Physics CERN in Geneva, Switzerland. In April 1957, he signed a declaration , together with 17 German physicists, that they would never participate in the construction of nuclear weapons. In 1958, his Max-Planck-Institut für Physik was transferred from Göttingen to München.

He died in Munich Germany, in 1976 at the age of 74.

Islamophobia

Islamophobia is the dislike, fear, pre-judgment, hostility or hate against Muslims (people following the religion Islam) or the religion itself. 

Sometimes people use it to attack the ideological positions taken by Muslims, but more often than not they state the religion itself as the actual problem.

Muslim women are more likely to experience islamophobia in their lifetime compared to Muslim men, especially if they are wearing some kind of face veil.

During the Bosnian War in the 1990s, Serbian Orthodox Christians committed a genocide against Bosniak Muslims, with a strong motive of islamophobia.

In France, since 2013, it is illegal for Muslim women to wear veils (burqas and niqabs) that cover their faces publicly.


Ludwig Erhard

Ludwig Wilhelm Erhard (4 February 1897 in Fürth – 5 May 1977 in Bonn) was a German politician.

Erhard was born as the son of a salesman. After his middle school exam, he started training to become a salesman himself. He was wounded as soldier in World War I. After World War I, he started to study micro economy at a college in Nuremberg.

After that, he studied economy on the University of Frankfurt am Main. In 1925 he finished his doctoral thesis. Afterwards, he worked in his father's company. After the Great Depression, the company went bankrupt.
From 1928 to 1942, he worked as science assistant, but he could not get a promotion because he did not want to become a member of a Nazi organisation. From 1942 to 1945, he was the head of the institute for industrial research.

Until 1949, he worked for the CDU, but joined still in 1963.
From 1945 to 1946, he worked for the provisional government of Bavaria, afterwards he was an economic organisation official for the British-American administration in West Germany.

In 1949, he became Minister of Economics under Konrad Adenauer.
From 1957-1963, he was Vice Chancellor.
After Adenauer resigned in 1963, Erhard became the new chancellor.
In 1966, Kurt Georg Kiesinger succeeded him.

Erhard died in 1977, aged 80.

Kurt Georg Kiesinger

Kurt Georg Kiesinger (6 April 1904 in Ebingen, now Baden-Württemberg – 9 March 1988 in Tübingen-Bebenhausen) was a German politician.

Kiesinger was born in Southern Germany. He studied history and philosophy in Tübingen and later law in Berlin.

He joined the Nazi party in 1933, and worked in the government. After the war he was held in a prison camp in Ludwigshafen. He was released when notes on his personnel file showed that he had not helped the anti-Jewish actions in his department, and had tried to stop them.

In 1946, he started a political career in the CDU. From 1958 to 1966, he was Minister President of Baden-Württemberg, from 1967 to 1971 Chair of the CDU.

From 1966 to 1969, he was chancellor of West Germany.

Call of Duty 3

Call of Duty 3 is a first person shooter video game. It is available on many gaming systems such as the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PC. It is a sequel to "Call of Duty 2", and is part of the Call of Duty series.

"Call of Duty 3" is set in France, during the time of World War II. The player is part of the allied forces placing charges, firing mortars, driving jeeps, and killing Nazis. The player moves by using the movement of his own hands. The game also features online play, which allows you to choose the side of allies or axis and play on a team against opposing players.

While the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 versions support online headset, the PlayStation 3 does not support headset due to the game being rushed to be ported at the time and is ironic because the PS2 was released before the PlayStation 3. The Wii version does not support online play.


Brian Johnson

Brian Johnson (born 5 October 1947 in Dunston, Gateshead, England) is an English singer and songwriter. He is best known as the singer for Australian hard rock band AC/DC.

Johnson's father, Allan, was in the British Army's light infantry. His mother, Esther, came from Italy. Johnson has two children from his first marriage. That marriage ended in divorce just before he joined AC/DC in 1980.

Johnson was in the Newcastle glam-rock band Geordie in 1972. The band split up in 1978 but Johnson put it back together in 1980. Just after a record contract had been signed, Johnson was asked to audition for AC/DC.

Johnson joined AC/DC in 1980, after the death of the band's former lead singer Bon Scott. He was the band's first choice. A fan in Cleveland, Ohio had sent a Geordie album to AC/DC after Bon Scott's death. The fan had asked them to consider Johnson. Years earlier, Bon Scott had also praised Johnson's singing and performance style.

Johnson co-wrote all of AC/DC's songs with the Young brothers for ten years.


Centipede

A centipede is a type of myriapod with many legs. Centipedes are predators. They hunt during the night; they are nocturnal. Some centipedes are venomous, but none can kill a person unless they are allergic. Centipedes are in the class Chilopoda, and related to millipedes, which are not poisonous. As the millipedes, they are segmented. They have between 5 and 173 segments, but only one pair of legs per segment. There may be 8,000 species in the world.

The house centipede is a carnivore that feeds on cockroaches, house flies and other domestic pests. It is therefore beneficial. But because it has a scary appearance it is often exterminated.

Pomerania

Pomerania ("Pommern" in German, "Pomorze" in Polish) is a region on the Baltic Sea. It is now part of two countries, Germany and Poland.

20,000 years ago the territory of present-day Pomerania was covered with ice, which did not start to recede until the late period of the Old Stone Age or Paleolithic some 10,000 years BC, when the Scandinavian glacier receded to the north. Various archaeological cultures developed in the Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze Age, and Iron Age.

Since around 500BC and before 500 AD Pomerania was dominated by East Germanic tribes including several tribes of Goths, who according to archeological evidence and their own tradition have come from Scandinavia. Goths and Rugians are recorded by Roman historians in the areas of Pomerania in 98 AD. The Veneti, non-Germanic tribe, which later assimilated with Slavs, are recorded by Ptolemy and Pliny the Elder around Vistula in first century AD. By the 7th century Slavic tribes (Wends) such as the Pomeranians settled the area.

Pomerania was first conquered by the Polish duke Mieszko I in the second half of the 10th century. Pagan uprisings in 1005 and 1038 resulted in independence for Western Pomerania and Pomerelia, respectively. Regained by Poland in 1116/1121, the Polish could not hold the Pomeranian duchy longer than 1135, whereas Pomerelia after the 1138 partition of Poland among the sons of Boleslaus Wrymouth became a part of the Polish seniorat, which was declared fief of the Holy Roman Empire in 1156. 

The Western part, the Duchy of Pomerania, was declared part of the Holy Roman Empire (1181). After a brief period of Danish rule (1168/1186-1227), it remained part of Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation until 1806. 

1000 years of history of the areas between Elbe, the Oder and Vistula

900s

The 900s was a decade that began on 1 January 900 and ended on 31 December 909.


Bronllys

Bronllys is a village in the Powys region of Wales. A Norman castle was built there in the 11th century.


Natural language processing

Natural Language Processing (NLP) is a field in Artificial Intelligence, and is also related to linguistics. On a high level, the goal of NLP is to program computers to automatically understand human languages, and also to automatically write/speak in human languages. We say "Natural Language" to mean human language, and to indicate that we are not talking about computer (programming) languages.

Würzburg

Würzburg (; Main-Franconian: ) is a city in the German state of Bavaria. About 124,000 people live there. There is a university there.

Würzburg is the seat of a Roman Catholic bishop.

In about 1000 BC there was a Celtic settlement in that place. In 698 AD Würzburg became Christianised. The first mention was in 704 AD. In 742 Würzburg became the seat of a bishop. From 1168 the bishops of Würzburg had the title Herzog (Duke), given by the emperor.

In 1402 Würzburg got a university. It later closed and then reopened in 1582. In 1631 Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden conquered Würzburg in the 30-year war. In 1803 the Duchy of Würzburg became part of Bavaria, in 1938 the city had more than 100,000 inhabitants for the first time. In 1945 the city was nearly completely destroyed.

Its football team is Würzburger Kickers.

<br>

Rear Window

Rear Window is a 1954 American mystery thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The movie is based on the story, "It Had To Be Murder", by Cornell Woolrich. John Michael Hayes wrote the script The film stars James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr. It was nominated for four Academy Awards. Critics consider it one of Alfred Hitchcock's best movies and one of the greatest movies of all time. 

The movie tells the story of a photographer L. B. "Jeff" Jefferies (played by James Stewart) who has a broken leg. He spends his days sitting in his Greenwich Village apartment watching his neighbors through their open windows. There is a ballet dancer Miss Torso, a pianist and songwriter, a couple with a dog who digs the flowers up, a newly married couple, 'Miss Lonelyhearts', and a jewelry seller Lars Thorwald with his bed-ridden wife. Lisa Fremont (played by Grace Kelly) is Jeff's girlfriend and visits several times. A nurse Stella (played by Thelma Ritter) also takes care of Jeff. 

One night Jeff hears and sees some unusual things. Jeff hears a woman scream, "Don't!" and glass breaking. He sees Thorwald leave the house several times at night with a suitcase. The next day Thorwald's wife is gone, and Jeff sees him cleaning a knife and saw. There is a large trunk. Jeff thinks there has been a murder. He tells Lisa and Stella. Jeff calls Tom Doyle to investigate. Doyle finds nothing. Witnesses say Thorwald's wife had left. Jeff sees Thorwald take out his wife's jewelry and her wedding ring. Lisa says that women would not leave their jewelry at home like that. The two agree that Thorwald's wife did not leave the apartment. 

The dog dies and the owner shouts at everyone. Everyone listens except Thorwald. Jeff thinks Thorwald killed the dog and that he buried something in the ground. Jeff calls Thorwald to get him out of the house. He does this so Lisa and Stella can search the ground. The two find nothing. Lisa surprisingly enters Thorwald's apartment. Jeff and Stella see Miss Lonelyhearts try to kill herself, but the piano music stops her. Distracted, Jeff and Stella do not notice Thorwald coming back. Thorwald goes to Lisa and starts grabbing her. Jeff calls the police and says there is an assault. The police arrive and arrest Lisa for breaking in. She shows her finger to Jeff that she has the wedding ring of Thorwald's wife. Thorwald sees Lisa's hand signal and sees Jeff. 

Jeff calls detective Doyle. Thorwald calls Jeff and enters Jeff's apartment. Jeff uses flashbulbs to slow down Thorwald by blinding him. Thorwald throws Jeff off the window. Jeff calls for help, and the police come. Jeff falls, but officers catch him. Doyle, Lisa and Stella rush to Jeff's side. Thorwald confesses murdering his wife. A few days later Jeff has casts on both legs. The neighbors of Greenwich Village are happy again. There is a new puppy. Miss Torso's love is back from war. Miss Lonelyhearts is seeing the pianist. The Thorwald's apartment is being painted and redone. Lisa is with Jeff. She reads "Beyond the High Himalayas" and then reads a fashion magazine. 


Uncredited


Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance in the apartment of the pianist. 

A major theme in "Rear Window" is voyeurism. This is when someone intimately watches someone else. In the film, Jeff is spying on his neighbors. This act is morally questionable, and the audience participates in it. The camera follows Jeff's eyes. It switches back to facing Jeff. The camera allows the viewers to join Jeff in his actions. The audience should feel guilty. Stella criticizes Jeff's actions. She says that people should stop looking out and look at themselves. Lisa says Jeff's actions are like a disease. She is upset that Jeff only watches the neighbors. Jeff himself questions if it is alright to spy on a man with binoculars. Lisa and Stella question Jeff's actions at first, but they join him later. The idea of spying can relate to surveillance in the state. During the time, people feared that the government would watch them the whole time. This fear was due to McCarthyism. In the film, a helicopter comes close above the village. It is like the helicopter is spying on the village. There is almost no difference between private and public in the film. 

Another theme is loneliness and isolation. All the residents are separated from each other. They are like prisoners in their own apartments. Jeff cannot leave the apartment with his injury. The entire film is also limited to the space of the courtyard. The character Miss Lonelyhearts can represent the isolation of the neighbors. Jeff is detached from the neighbors as he watches them, and they do not know he is watching them. Jeff is like a photographer, taking mental pictures of his neighbors. The dog owner says that none of the people know the meaning of a neighbor and that they do not care. 

Gender roles are important in the film. It is after World War II and women were changing roles in society. In the film, male characters are no longer heroes. Hitchcock switches the roles of men and women. For instance, Thorwald murders his wife. Jeff is injured, his camera is destroyed, and he cannot walk. Detective Doyle cannot find evidence. Meanwhile, Lisa and Stella are the only ones who can investigate. Gender roles connect to marriage. Jeff talks about marriage on the phone. He analyzes Lisa a lot and is not ready to marry her. At one point, Jeff and Lisa argue. Jeff thinks that Lisa could not stand Jeff's lifestyle as a photographer. Stella says that people in the past just fell in love and that now they study each other like samples in a bottle. This type of marriage connects to the other themes of loneliness and surveillance. The couples are not just loving each other, but objectively studying each other. They are distant from each other and must constantly watch each other. Jeff, for example, watches Lisa. Marriage appears in other places. There is a newly married couple. Lisa gets the wedding ring of Thorwald's wife. The wedding ring is symbolic for marriage and is a form of situational irony. Lisa wants to marry Jeff, but she ends up with the wedding ring of Thorwald's wife.   

The screenplay of "Rear Window" is based on the short story "It Had To Be Murder." Cornell Woolrich wrote the story in 1942. The main story about a man in a wheelchair watching neighbors and thinking there is a murder is the same. Hitchcock added characters such as Lisa and Stella. There was no romantic relationship in the story. In the film, there are also more neighbors. 

Two real murders inspired the film. The first is the "case of Dr. Crippen." Dr. Crippen buried his wife in his basement in 1910. He made the mistake of letting his secretary wear his wife's jewelry. In the second case, Patrick Mahon murdered Emily Kaye in 1924. He did this by cutting her up and throwing her parts out of a train window. The man later burned her head in a fireplace. 

The entire movie was shot at Paramount Studios. There was a complete set of Greenwich Village. It was one of the largest sets at Paramount. The set had a special drainage system and lighting for different parts of the day. There were 31 apartments on the set and 12 had full furniture. 

Edith Head was the costume designer for the movie. Costumes and clothing are important in the film for characterization. Grace Kelly is into fashion and has many different outfits. The different clothes relate to changes in the roles of the characters. For instance, when Lisa and Stella help Jeff to investigate they we are wearing simple day dresses. 

Frank Waxman composed the score including the Piano song "Lisa". The film has mainly diegetic sounds. These are sounds that the characters in the film hear.

Natural sounds were used that would get louder or softer with distance. There are several songs including "To See You Is to Love You" by Bing Crosby, songs by Nat King Cole ("Mona Lisa", 1950) and Dean Martin ("That's Amore", 1952), Richard Rodgers' song "Lover" (1932), and ""M'appari tutt'amor"" from Friedrich von Flotow's opera "Martha" (1844), and part of Leonard Bernstein's music for the ballet "Fancy Free" (1944).

The film was a box office success. It was one of the highest grossing films of 1954. The film had a budget of $1 million and made over $37 million. 

The movie had very positive reviews. Critics praised the film as an intense, suspenseful, and exciting thriller. They considered the film to be a masterpiece of suspense that drew in viewers. Some noted that the film says a lot about human nature and the desire to intimately watch other people. The technical and artistic skills were also praised. The film has a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes. On Metacritic, the film has a rare 10/10 with "universal acclaim." The film was ranked number 5 on the Top 10 films of the Year on Cahiers du Cinéma. 

The film was nominated for four Academy Awards Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Cinematography - Color and Best Sound - Recording. The movie won Best Actress from the National Board of Review. The New York Film Critics Circle awarded Grace Kelly the NYFCC Award for Best Actress. The film won Best Motion Picture at the Edgar Allen Poe Awards. The film also got nominations from the Writers Guild of America and Directors Guild of America. 

"Rear Window" was chosen to be part of the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1997. In the British Film Institute's Sight & Sound, the movie was ranked the 53rd greatest film. In "Time Out" magazine the film ranked 21st and 26th greatest film of all time in 1998 and 2022. The film made several American Film Institute lists. They include number 42 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies, number 14 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills, number 48 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and number three in AFI's 10 Top 10 (Mysteries). 

"Rear Window" was restored in the late 1990s. Technicolor used a new dye process to improve the image. The movie influenced later films. Several films are based on "Rear Window". They include "Body Double" (1984), "Silver" (1993) and "Time Out" (1998). In 1998, there was a TV show remake of "Rear Window". "Disturbia" (2007) is a modern version of "Rear Window" about a serial killer. "Rear Window" has appeared in other TV shows such as "The Simpsons", "That '70s Show"", Get Smart"", The Flintstones"", Psych"", The White Collar"", The Family Guy"", Raising Hope", "Castle", "The Detectives" and others. 


Conscientious objector

A conscientious objector (CO) is a person who decides not to be a combatant in military forces under conscription.

There are many reasons for this decision such as nonviolent or religious beliefs, ethical and moral beliefs to not kill human beings or pacifism.

Countries treat COs in various ways. They have also been treated differently throughout history. COs have been arrested or had to pay a fine. Some countries punished them by killing them. After World War II, many Western countries created alternative non-military services (civil service) as alternative form for pacifists. Often there were commissions to decide if someone really did not want to do armed service because of his beliefs or because of fear of war.

European Court of Human Rights has judged the denial of COs is violation of freedom of religion and thought in 2013, as well European Union recognized the right of conscientious objector as one of fundamental rights.



Anus language

The Anus language is a tribal language spoken in the Irian Jaya province of Indonesia. It is an Austronesian language.

As of 2005, there are almost 70 speakers of the language all of whom are members of a tribal group living on an island in the Sarmi-Jayapura Bay in West Papua.

Rule of law

Rule of law is a that suggests that no one is above the law and governmental decisions must be made only by applying known legal and moral principles. The Rule of Law limits the powers of Government by judicial defense of laws and the Constitution which is based on recognized basic legal values, established in international law. The Rule of Law is meant to prevent dictatorship and to protect the rights of the people.

The rule of law is especially important as an influence on the economic development in developing and transitional countries. Constitutional economics is the study of government spending, which, in many transitional and developing countries, is completely controlled by the executive. The standards of constitutional economics can be used during annual budget process. The availability of an effective court system, to be used by the civil society in courts in situations of unfair governmental distribution of national money is a key element for the success of the rule-of-law in developing countries.

To date, the term “rule of law” has been used primarily in the English-speaking countries. The originally German doctrine of Rechtsstaat is similar, and has been translated into other languages of continental Europe as "État de droit" (Fr.), "Estado de derecho" (Sp.), "Stato di diritto" (It.), and "Правовое государство" (Ru.). Rechsstaat can be translated into English as “legal state” or "constitutional state". 

Rule of law is also a main purpose of Council of Europe for solidarity and international peace.



Electorate

The Electorate are the people or citizens of a state who elect representatives to represent them in a democracy. They're also known as voters. Voters are people who normally votes in an election and they vote for their favorite person that if he/she wins, he/she will lead the people to a more favourable country Voting

Paramount Pictures

Paramount Pictures is an American film production and distribution company. It is the oldest movie studio in the United States. It has been in existence since 1912. Paramount is owned by media conglomerate Paramount Global. Paramount is one of the Big Five movie studios.

Paramount Pictures Inc. can trace its beginnings to the creation in May, 1912 of the Famous Players Film Company. Organized in 1914 by a Utah theater owner, W. W. Hodkinson, Paramount Pictures was the first successful nationwide distributor. Until this time, movies were sold on a statewide or regional basis. This was inefficient and costly to producers.

In 1916, Adolph Zukor created a three-way merger of his Famous Players Film Company, Jesse L. Lasky's Lasky Feature Play Company, and Paramount. The new company was called Famous Players-Lasky and grew quickly. Lasky ran the production side. Hiram Abrams was in charge of distribution and Zukor handled the business side of the company.

In 1927, Famous Players-Lasky took on the name Paramount-Famous Lasky Corporation. Three years later, because of the importance of the Publix theater chain, it was later known as Paramount-Publix Corporation. The company went into bankruptcy in 1933. When the company emerged from bankruptcy, it was known as Paramount Pictures, Inc.

Paramount Pictures had been an early supporter of television. It created stations in 1939 in Los Angeles (later to become KTLA) and Chicago's WBKB.

Paramount's successful run of lightweight pictures in the 1980s and 1990s created hits like "Flashdance", the "Friday the 13th" series; "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Beverly Hills Cop" and the "Star Trek" features.

In 1993, entertainment conglomerate Viacom bought Paramount.

Paramount is the last major movie studio located in Hollywood. Other studios such as Warner Bros. and Columbia Pictures moved to other neighborhoods in Los Angeles.

On December 11, 2005, Paramount said it had purchased DreamWorks SKG in a deal worth $1.6 billion. On February 1, 2006, the studio announced that the DreamWorks acquisition was completed.

In March 2010, Paramount started Insurge Pictures, a low-budget label. In 2019, Paramount bought 49 percent of Miramax Films.




Chord

A chord in music is when two or more notes are played together (some text books say that it is when "three" or more notes are played).

A chord which is built up of the 1st, 3rd and 5th notes of a scale is called a "tonic triad". If it is made from a major scale, it is a major chord. If it is made from a minor scale it is a minor chord. However, any combination of notes played simultaneously is considered a chord.

When only two notes are played together, it’s more often called “double stops” (referring to the different banks of pipes on a pipe organ, controlled by valves called “stops”).

Chords can be played on instruments such as piano, keyboard, organ, harp, guitar, harmonica, ukulele and xylophone. Chords with two notes can be played on string instruments by bowing on two strings together. By bowing on two strings and then quickly on the other two strings a violinist can sound as if he is playing a four-part chord. Some players of wind instruments are able to make chords by playing two or more harmonics together.


Irish dance

Irish dancing is an "ancient" art of dancing from Ireland. There are two main forms of dancing, the social dances where everyone can join in, and the dances performed for an audience. There are five main types of steps in Irish dancing. These are reels, jigs, slip jigs, hornpipes, and treble jigs. Irish dancing is a fun art and sport. There are two versions of dances; hardshoe and softshoe.

Irish dancing, popularized in 1994 by the world famous show Riverdance, is notable for its rapid leg and foot movements, arms stationary at the dancers' sides.

The hardshoe makes a noise when you step and softshoe is like Ballet.

Grill (cooking)

A grill is an object used for cooking food. With a grill, food is usually roasted. Some grills use charcoal or wood, and other grills use propane gas to cook the food. 

Using wood or charcoal makes smoke and changes the flavor of the food. Using gas does not. Some people only like one type, and some people like both kinds of grilling.

The heat may be added underneath the food, or above, or both. A barbecue is a typical machine for outdoor cooking using coke or other fuel for providing heat from underneath. Overhead grilling is more usual indoors, especially in professional kitchens.

In the United States, there are cook-off grills, which are competitions. The most common meats used are steak, burgers and hot dogs. Grilling food is very common for holidays or celebrations like the 4th of July (United States Independence Day). Most people use a grill more outdoors in the summer time.

Grills can have fire touching the food. This might cause a burnt taste and could possibly be a carcinogen.


Order of operations

The order of operations is a mathematical and algebraic set of rules. It is used to evaluate (solve) and simplify expressions and equations. The order of operations is the order that different mathematical operations are done. The standard mathematical operations are addition (+), subtraction (−), multiplication (* or ×), division (/), brackets (grouping symbols used to indicate order of operations like (), [] and {}) and exponentiation (^n or , also called orders or indices).

Mathematicians have agreed on a correct order to use operations, and it is very important that they know these rules. When people are solving a problem with more than one operation, they will need to know the correct order to solve the problem correctly. Otherwise, the answer will be wrong.

Follow all the rules in this order from left to right in the equation.

Use operations inside brackets and solve any indices. You should always solve brackets first when solving an equation.

Example:

When seeing an exponent, solve it first after solving the brackets. (5 = 5 * 5 * 5 = 125)

Solve any multiplication and division in the problem. Note that multiplication does not precede division; this is a common mistake. Both are solved from left to right as they occur.

Example:

Lastly, solve any addition or subtraction.

The acronyms for the order of standard operations are GEMDAS or PEMDAS, which means Grouping/Parenthesis, Exponent, Multiply & Divide and Add & Subtract.

When solving 8 - 7 + 5, some people say that 7 + 5 must take precedence, but this is incorrect. Instead, one should look from left to right to find the correct answer. This rule also applies to multiplication and division.


Crystal

A crystal is a solid whose atoms (or molecules) are arranged in a repeating pattern. 

Crystals are made from fluids by Crystallization, which is a kind of phase change. Usually the fluid is a liquid, but crystals can form from a gas too. For example, snow is water crystals (ice) formed from air that contains water vapor (evaporated water). Crystallization can be by freezing from a simple fluid or from a solution. Sometimes heat and pressure needs to be applied to a substance for crystals to form. Diamond is a carbon crystal formed under heat and pressure. Crystals are found naturally or can be made artificially.

The surface of crystals often have regions that are flat, called facets. Facets occur naturally as crystals form, because flat layers of atoms are usually the most stable. The atoms in a facet are arranged in a regular pattern, such as the pattern of a chess board or a honeycomb. These facets reflect light to give crystals their shiny or sparky appearance. Artificial facets can be made in any shape by cutting or grinding a crystal, which is how some gemstones for jewelry are made. 

Different substances form different types of crystals, and some can form more than one type. The study of the arrangement of atoms in crystals is crystallography. Well-known substances that form crystals are table salt (whose crystals are cubes), diamond, and quartz. 


Indirect democracy

Indirect democracy, or representative democracy, in when citizens elect representatives to make laws for them. This is what most modern countries have today.

In a democracy the ultimate power to decide significant electoral system reforms lies with the people. The key question that democrats will tend to ask of any proposed change in electoral law or the voting mechanism is: “Will it actually increase the capacity of the electorate to get rid of unsatisfactory rulers and replace them with others?” Democrats regard that basic capacity as the best protection against bad government and the abuse of power.

Systems of government which do not permit electors to change the government are not democratic, and usually are dictatorships or one-party states.

The people have the ultimate power in a democracy to decide on substantial voting system improvements. The primary question that democrats will ask of every proposed change in election legislation or voting mechanism is, "Will it genuinely strengthen the electorate's power to replace unhappy rulers with others?" Democrats believe that fundamental capability is the strongest safeguard against bad governance and abuse of power. 

Government systems that do not allow electors to alter the government are not democratic and are generally dictatorships or one-party nations.


Direct democracy

Direct democracy, which is also called pure democracy, is a democracy in which the decisions are not taken by representatives. All decisions are voted on by the people.
When a budget or law needs to be passed, then the idea goes to the people. Governments of modern countries rarely make laws this way.

Interest groups would have to change the minds of all people, not just a few representatives. Taxes could not be raised without the permission of the people. The few would not rule the many and the government would not pay representatives salaries. In indirect, or representative democracy, citizens elect representatives to make laws on their behalf. This is what most modern countries have today. 
Direct democracy makes decisions by majority rule. Representative democracy was made with the idea that representatives would be responsible for the majority's interests while protecting minority rights. People like James Madison believed that direct democracy was bad for minority groups.

Classical Athens was a direct democracy. All citizens voted on major decisions of government. But, to be a citizen, you had to be a free, land-owning, native-born man.

Switzerland has aspects of direct democracy. "Evidence suggests that attendance at assemblies... has always been limited to roughly twenty per cent of the citizenry". The practice is only used in two cantons, Appenzell Innerrhoden and Glarus. 

The Federal government of the United States does not use direct democracy but the individual states sometimes make laws by referendum. Some New England towns govern themselves by a town meeting.


Revolution

A revolution is a very sharp change made to something. The word comes from Latin and is related to the word "revolutio" (which means turnaround). 

Revolutions are usually political in their nature. Some people feel unhappy with their lives, and others are not happy with whole systems. They might join together, share their ideas, and make something change. Often, revolutions include fighting and civil unrest, but there are also revolutions that happen without fighting.

The Soviet Union was started by the Russian Revolution, which killed millions, and the country later fell apart in another revolution without much fighting. However, in the French Revolution (1789), there was much bloodshed, which included the Reign of Terror.

Other events often called "revolutions" include:

The opposing idea in politics is called gradualism.


Western Digital

Western Digital is an American technology company. It is based in the U.S. state of California. The company make hard drives. Hard drives are used by computers to store data.

Speech

Speech is when spoken language is used to communicate. Only humans have language. Animals do not have speech, but some (birds are a good example) can communicate with each other by using sounds and gestures.

Speech is made by sounds vibrating the vocal folds. Sounds through the voice box is shaped by the jaw, tongue, teeth, palate, lips, and nose.

To make speech a person has to be able to:

Difficulties can happen at any stage of this four-stage process. A speech and language therapist can help work out the stage of the sequence that has difficulties and give therapy.

Effective speech includes the following elements – fluency, flexibility, accuracy, and comprehensibility.





Stage

A stage can mean one of the following:

Stage (theatre)

The stage in a theatre is the area where the actors perform. In classical theatres, this used to be separated from where the audience is sitting.


Darth Vader

<noinclude>

Darth Vader is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise. The character is the central antagonist of the original trilogy and, as Anakin Skywalker, is one of the main protagonists in the prequel trilogy. Star Wars creator George Lucas has collectively referred to the first six episodic films of the franchise as "the tragedy of Darth Vader". Darth Vader has become one of the most iconic villains in popular culture, and has been listed among the greatest villains and fictional characters ever. His masked face and helmet, in particular, is considered one of the most iconic character designs of all time.

Born as Anakin Skywalker, a slave on the desert planet Tatooine who became a Jedi. As an adult, he secretly marries Padmé Amidala. However, he is converted by Darth Sidious in order to save his wife from her coming death during childbirth. In order to do that, he learns the ways of the Dark Side of the Force and gives himself a new identity, Darth Vader. By doing this, he turned against his long-time friend and master Obi-Wan Kenobi. He battled Kenobi on the volcanic planet of Mustafar, but not before choking his wife with his Force Choke due to rage and misunderstanding. The battle ended in Kenobi's victory. Consequently, Vader's left arm and both his legs were cut off and his entire body was burnt. He survived and was rescued by the newly elected Emperor of the Galactic Empire, Darth Sidious, and have his body remade with cybernetic parts and his famous black armor and helmet. Anakin lost the last of his spirit once he learned that his wife died at his own hand. Thus Anakin Skywalker's transformation as Darth Vader was complete, much to Sidious' delight.

During the course of the Galactic Civil War between the Rebel Alliance and the Galactic Empire, Vader played an important role as the Empire's enforcer and the Emperor's second-in-command, particularly the building of the two Death Stars, the Battle of Yavin, and the Battle of Endor. It was during that period he learnt that he had a first sidekick son named Luke Skywalker, and later a second sidekick daughter named Leia Organa during his final duel with his son. 

Darth Vader died in "Return of the Jedi" during the Battle of Endor. His breathing system had been damaged by the Emperor's Force Lightning in an effort to save his son by throwing him at a power reactor. Thus, he redeemed himself and brought back balance to the Force and ended the civil war. His body and armor were cremated by Luke in Endor. However, his grandson Kylo Ren somehow receives Vader's burnt helmet in later time.

Darth Vader is one of Star Wars' most iconic characters and regarded as the world's most well-known fictional hero. Highly ranked in popularity poll, Darth Vader is the image of good, hatred who kills every one and thing he hates, rage and darkness but also a representation of redemption. He is well known by his black armor, cape, helmet, and particularly his raspy breath due to breathing problems received during a battle with his old master Obi-Wan Kenobi and deep, low-pitched voice from the mask, which often used in different medias as a reference to him.


Gesture

A gesture is a form of nonverbal communication. Unlike verbal communication, which uses words, gestures use movements of the body. 

Gestures are "deliberate acts with a purpose", not just any movements. They are handled in the human brain by the same centres which handle language. In the neocortex, Broca's and Wernicke's areas, are used by speech and sign language.

Other movements of the body have meaning, but are not gestures. They may be done by actors deliberately, but normally they are automatic, unconscious signals which express various feelings or states of mind. Many animals communicate extensively using such behaviours. The dog, a companion to humans for a long time, is good at reading both gestures and behaviours. Multi-touch computers have been made to read gestures. 

Gestures have a cultural significance (meaning). The same gesture can mean different things in different cultures and different parts of the world.


These are not gestures, because they are not voluntary, deliberate actions. They are inherited automatic reactions or reflexes.
Humans can modify these reactions to some extent with training and practice, but they are fundamentally caused by hormones and brain centres which are very ancient.


Palpatine

Sheev Palpatine, also known as Darth Sidious or simply the Emperor, is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the "Star Wars" franchise. The character is played by actor Ian McDiarmid. 

He is the immensely powerful Dark Lord of the Sith as well as the master of Darth Vader, along with both Darth Maul and Count Dooku on previous occasions, who ruled over the Galactic Empire - which he formed from the Galactic Republic - in addition to secretly leading the Separatist Alliance, which he used to give himself autocratic powers as Supreme Chancellor of the Republic. He is also the archenemy of the Skywalker family, Yoda, Mon Mothma, and his granddaughter Rey.

Palpatine had plotted to overthrow the Jedi by orchestrating and manipulating the events of the Clone Wars to bring himself to rule the whole galaxy; thus posing as the Chancellor throughout these events. This worked successfully when Palpatine initiated Order 66 to wipe out the Jedi, who beforehand were suspicious of him even after Dooku's death when they were unaware that Palpatine was actually Darth Sidious. However, Palpatine's reign was ended when he was killed by Vader with the help of Luke Skywalker.

Years later, Palpatine resurfaced upon being resurrected. It soon transpired that he was revealed to not only be the secret benefactor and founding cause of the First Order's existence, being the creator and puppeteer of Supreme Leader Snoke to the point of manipulating him as well as all the events behind the organization all along, but also the paternal grandfather of Rey; so much so that he even seduced Vader's grandson Ben Solo to the dark side from the shadows, especially through Snoke at the time.

Since the initial theatrical run of "Return of the Jedi", Sidious has become a widely recognized symbol of evil in popular culture, and since the prequel movies, also one of sinister deception and the subversion of democracy. The "Star Wars" Databank describes him as "the supreme ruler of the most powerful tyrannical regime the galaxy had ever witnessed". Aside from the movies, Palpatine appears in various canon and non-canon "Star Wars" media, including "Clone Wars" (2003–5), "The Clone Wars" (2008–14, 2020), "Rebels" (2014–18), "" (2021–), "Obi-Wan Kenobi" (2022) and "Tales of the Jedi" (2022–), all set before the original trilogy.

Luke Skywalker

Luke Skywalker is a character from the "Star Wars" universe. He is the main hero of the "Star Wars" movies and book series. Luke was in three "Star Wars" movies, "", "" and "". He was also in most of the books that took place after these movies. Luke Skywalker was played by actor Mark Hamill in all three movies. The character was also shown briefly at his birth in "".

Luke Skywalker was the main character during the original three movies. These movies follow his life from being a farmer on the planet Tatooine to becoming an important part of the Rebel Alliance and a Jedi Knight.

In "" (2017), Skywalker dies in Ahch-To as Luke's body vanishes, having made peace with his legacy.

The adult Luke Skywalker is first seen in this movie. He was raised on the planet Tatooine. Tatooine is a desert planet. He lives with his uncle, Owen and his aunt, Beru. After he bought two droids, named C-3PO and R2-D2, stormtroopers sent by the Empire start to look for them. R2-D2 runs away one night. In the next morning, Luke and C-3PO look for him. Luke is attacked by Tusken Raiders, but is rescued by Obi-Wan Kenobi. R2-D2 plays a message from Princess Leia asking for help from Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan then says that Luke must come with him to Alderaan to learn about the Force. Luke learns that his father, Anakin Skywalker, was a Jedi. Luke also gets his father's old lightsaber. Luke says that he can not go with him and returns home. When he does, he sees that his home was destroyed (broken down). he is a bit fruity. He goes back to Obi-Wan and agrees to go with him and learn about the Force. Luke, Obi-Wan and the droids go to Mos Eisley to find a pilot to take them to Alderaan. They get Han Solo and Chewbacca to take them to Alderaan. When they get there, they see that the planet is gone and there is a small moon close to where it was. This small moon is the Death Star. On board the Death Star, Luke, Han, and Chewbacca save Princess Leia. As they are about to leave they see Obi-Wan fighting Darth Vader. Obi-Wan gives his life so that the group can escape. Luke and the others go to Yavin 4 so that the secret plans to the Death Star in R2-D2 can be used to destroy the Death Star. Luke then pilots an X-wing to fight against the big space station. Luke uses the Force and fires the missile that destroys the Death Star.

Luke Skywalker has joined the Rebel Alliance and is on the ice planet of Hoth. While outside the base, Luke is attacked by a wampa. After escaping the wampa, Luke is weak and hurt. He sees the image of Obi-Wan Kenobi. He tells him to go to the planet Dagobah to be taught by the Jedi master Yoda. Luke is saved by Han Solo. Shortly after, the Empire attacks the Rebel base on Hoth. The Rebels leave the base. Luke takes R2-D2 in his X-wing and the two travel to Dagobah. They make a crash landing on the swamp planet and go looking for Yoda. Luke soon finds Yoda, but Yoda does not think Luke should be a Jedi. Luke convinces Yoda, and the old master starts to teach Luke. Luke faces difficult things to do. Before he completes his training he has a vision of the future. In it his friends were being tortured. Although Yoda, and the Force Ghost of Obi-Wan warn him not to leave, Luke goes to Cloud City. When he gets there he sees that it was a trap set by Darth Vader. The two then get into a lightsaber battle. Darth Vader cuts off Luke's hand and then tells Luke that he is actually his father, Anakin Skywalker. Darth Vader gives Luke the choice to join him but Luke says no and jumps off the platform. He is rescued by Leia and taken to a medical spaceship, where his hand is replaced.

In "Return of the Jedi", Luke alongside Leia, Chewbacca, R2-D2, C-3PO and Lando Calrissian attempt to rescue Han Solo from Jabba The Hutt but fail and end up captured and condemned to the Sarlacc Pit. However, Luke, using R2-D2's help, devises a plan and is able to escape the Pit and save his friends, killing Boba Fett and Jabba The Hutt in the process.

After this, Luke returns to Dagobah to conclude his training with Yoda, but learns he's dying. In his dying breath, Yoda confirms that Darth Vader/Anakin is Luke's father and tells the young hero he must confront Vader once more to complete his Jedi training.
Luke then encounters the Force Ghost of Obi-Wan Kenobi, who also confirms Luke's origins and states he told the truth, from a certain point of view. Obi-Wan assures Luke he must kill Vader but Luke refuses, believing he can still save his father.
After this, Luke learns that Leia is also his sister.
Luke, Han and Leia go to the moon of Endor to stop the Empire once and for all in their newly constructed Death Star II.
Luke handles himself over to Vader, attempting to save his father, who claims Anakin Skywalker is dead and that the Emperor will soon be Luke's new master.

Upon reaching the Emperor's Throne Room, Luke learns his rebel friends are going into a trap and tries to kill the Emperor but is stopped by Vader.
Father and son duel once more, with Luke using the Dark Side to overpower Vader. Realizing he's becoming the thing he swore to destroy, Luke denies his father's wishes of continuing the fight, but angrily lashes out at his father when the latter threatens to turn Leia to the Dark Side.
Luke brutally overpowers and defeats his father, but stops attacking after being goaded by the Emperor. Luke stands down, triumphantly claiming to be a Jedi like his father before him. Annoyed, the Emperor tries to kill Luke with his Force Lightning, but is killed himself by Anakin who has redeemed himself.

Luke carries his father's fatally wounded body to one of the shuttles as the Death Star II is about to be destroyed by the Rebel Alliance. Luke removes Vader helmet and father and son share one last moment before Anakin succumbs to his wounds. Unwillingly to let his father's body to rot in the explosion, Luke takes it with him.
While the rebels celebrate their victory on Endor, Luke cremates his father's body.
Joining his friends in the celebration, Luke sees the Force Ghosts of Obi-Wan, Anakin and Yoda watching him in pride.

Witchcraft

Witchcraft is the use of magical powers. This might be for healing, seeing into the future, causing harm, or for religion. A person practicing witchcraft is called a witch, although a man practicing witchcraft is often mistakenly called a wizard (a word from Northern Europe), a warlock (a word from 14th century England), a sorcerer, or shaman (a term for people who practice magic in parts of Asia). Such people are said to have a knowledge of the chemical (or pharmaceutical) effects of certain herbs or shrubs. Witches can use this knowledge to help people who are sick or to hurt them.

Witchcraft is different throughout the world and can be seen as good or bad depending on where you are. Today, many people practice a peaceful kind of witchcraft, called Wicca. However, there are still many other people who are scared of witchcraft and think that it is bad. Throughout history, there have been stories about good and bad witches. 

In European history, witches were accused of physically making and performing spells to harm people. They could also harm people by using their mind. However, this belief was not real and was often used to explain why bad things happened sometimes. 

In Africa, witches don't use physical tools or actions to curse. They can cause harm by just thinking about it. In fact, one may be unaware of being a witch, or may have been convinced of their witch nature by the suggestion of others. This understanding was described by anthropologist E.E. Evans-Pritchard, who studied African magical beliefs.

Éva Pócs (a scholar and folklorist) states that there are four reasons a person is accused of witchcraft:


She identifies three kinds of witches in popular belief:


"Neighbourhood witches" are the product of neighbourhood arguments, and are found only in rural village communities where the inhabitants largely rely on each other. Such accusations follow the breaking of some social norm, such as the failure to return a borrowed item, and any person part of the normal exchange could potentially be accused. Claims of "sorcerer" witches and "supernatural" witches could arise out of social tensions, but not exclusively; the supernatural witch in particular often had nothing to do with community conflict, but expressed tensions between the human and supernatural worlds; and in Eastern and Southeastern Europe such supernatural witches became an ideology explaining calamities that befell entire communities.

It is believed that witches can perform magic by using plants, casting spells, or using their mind. The use of plants is often called herbalism and this involves collecting or growing herbs to use in potions or medicines to help or hurt people, animals, or things.

In popular artwork, witches can be seen using big metal cooking bowls called cauldrons to mix their spell ingredients. Witches also use wands, brooms, sticks, candles, swords, and fire to perform spells.

In some cultures, witches can harm people just by using their mind and thinking bad thoughts about a person. In these cultures, witches do not need any items and can potentially be anyone in the community.

In Southern African traditions, there are three classifications of somebody who uses magic.


Of these three categories the "tagati" is almost exclusively female, the "sangoma" is usually female, and the "inyanga" is almost exclusively male. Much of what witchcraft represents in Africa has been misunderstood and mistaken for European witchcraft. African scholar Uchenna Okeja argues that witchcraft in Africa today plays a very different social role than in Europe of the past—or present—and should be understood through an African, rather than Western view.

When the first Europeans came to the New World, they brought with them the Christian religion and their fear of supernatural witches. Native Americans had their own religion and beliefs. Since the Christian European settlers were living with these Native Americans and also African slaves (who had their own non-Christian religions and beliefs), this scared them. The Europeans were already scared, far away from their home in the New World with different plants and animals. This fear lead to violent crimes such as accusing and murdering people who they thought were witches and were hurting them with supernatural powers.

The most famous witch accusations were the 1692-1693 Salem Witch trials. During these trials, 150 people were accused of being witches, and 19 people were killed by hanging. Every Halloween season, Salem, Massachusetts hosts a Halloween festival in which they highlight their towns notorious history with the 1692 Salem Witch trials. This festival often involves live music, parties, and vendors selling witch-themed items.

Throughout the world there are many people who claim to have supernatural powers such as; psychics, mediums, palm readers and New Age healers. These people are sometimes members of witchcraft religions like Wicca. These people perform tricks to entertain and heal people such as tarot card reading, astrology, crystal healing, Reiki healing, talking to dead family members, or seeing the future.

The belief in witchcraft and its practice seem to have been widespread in the Ancient Near East and Nile Valley. It played a clear role in the cultures of ancient Egypt and in Babylonia. Later tradition included an Akkadian anti-witchcraft ritual, the Maqlû. A section from the Code of Hammurabi (about 2000 B.C.) prescribes:If a man has put a spell upon another man and it is not justified, he upon whom the spell is laid shall go to the holy river; into the holy river shall he plunge. If the holy river overcome him and he is drowned, the man who put the spell upon him shall take possession of his house. If the holy river declares him innocent and he remains unharmed the man who laid the spell shall be put to death. He that plunged into the river shall take possession of the house of him who laid the spell upon him.

There are many examples of witches in Greek mythology, such as Circe, who was a sorcerer in Homers’ Odyssey. Circe used potions to put spells on visitors to her house, and she could turn people into pigs.

Druids were members of the high-ranking professional class in ancient Celtic cultures. They were religious leaders, legal authorities, adjudicators, lorekeepers, medical professionals, and political advisors

The earliest record of the druids comes from two Greek texts from circa 300 BCE: one, a history of philosophy written by Sotion of Alexandria, and the other a study of magic widely attributed to Aristotle. Both texts are now lost, but were quoted in the 2nd century CE work "Vitae" by Diogenes Laërtius.Some say that the study of philosophy originated with the barbarians. In that among the Persians there existed the Magi, and among the Babylonians or Assyrians the Chaldaei, among the Indians the Gymnosophistae, and among the Celts and Gauls men who were called druids and semnothei, as Aristotle relates in his book on magic, and Sotion in the twenty-third book of his Succession of Philosophers.

- Diogenes Laërtius,  Vitae, Introduction, Section 1Later Greek and Roman texts from the third century BCE refer to "barbarian philosophers", possibly in reference to the Gaulish druids.

In Medieval times, witchcraft gradually became an enemy of Christianity. Christians thought that witchcraft was the work of the devil, and the Bible was used as evidence against witchcraft. Verses such as Deuteronomy 18:11–12 and Exodus 22:18 ("Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live") were very influential.

In Europe in the Late Medieval/Early Modern period, Catholics, Protestants, and state leaders became very afraid of the power of witches. There were large witch-hunts in many places. People believed that the devil was using witches to try to overthrow Christianity, so tens or hundreds of thousands of people were killed, and others were put in prison, tortured, and had lands and possessions taken away from them. Most of these witches were women, because people believed women were more likely to be witches.

Witch-trials looked for evidence to prove that a person was a witch. Evidence included such things as signs of plant medicine, or images of non-Christian gods. One way to physically test if a person was a witch was to 'swim a witch'. This meant they would throw them in a river with their hands tied. If they sank, they were innocent. If they floated, they were guilty of witchcraft and were hanged. This violent practice was not based on any actual evidence. Instead, it allowed the witch-hunter to look right and powerful for the scared people who were watching.

In South America, people continue to practice a form of witchcraft which started before the arrival of European Christianity. Throughout the Andes, there are many places called witch markets, such as the Mercado de las Brujas in La Paz, Bolivia. These markets sell items such as plant medicines

Witches are often seen in art and cinema. Many movies have focused on witches and witchcraft such as; "Bewitched", "Harry Potter", "the Wizard of Oz", "Hocus Pocus", and "Rosemary's Baby". Many television shows also have witches and witchcraft. Some examples are: "Charmed" (1998) and (), "American Horror Story: Coven", and "Sabrina the Teenage Witch".

Heteronym

A heteronym is a word, or rather several words, with different meanings. However, the words are spelt the same way. Usually they are pronounced differently.

Potassium permanganate

Potassium permanganate is an inorganic chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KMnO. It contains potassium and permanganate ions. The manganese is in the +7 oxidation state. It is also known as permanganate of potash and Condy's crystals. Potassium permanganate is a strong oxidizing agent, which means it has a tendency to take electrons from other chemicals. It dissolves in water to give purple solutions. If it is evaporated, it makes purple-black shiny crystals. It has a sweet taste and is odorless.

In 1659, a German chemist, Johann Rudolf Glauber, melted a mixture of the mineral pyrolusite and potassium carbonate to obtain a material that made a green solution (potassium manganate) when dissolved in water. It slowly changed colour to violet (potassium permanganate) and then finally red. This report is the first description of the production of potassium permanganate.

Just under 200 years later a Londoner named Henry Bollmann Condy was a chemist. He had an interest in disinfectants and made some things like "ozonised water". He found that when he melted pyrolusite with sodium hydroxide and dissolved it in water, it made a solution that had good disinfectant properties. He patented this solution, and sold it as "Condy's Fluid". The problem was that the solution was not very stable. This was fixed by using potassium hydroxide rather than sodium hydroxide. This gave a more stable material. It also was able to be dried to the just as good potassium permanganate powder. This powder was called "Condy’s crystals" or "Condy’s powder". Potassium permanganate was easy to make so Condy tried to stop other people from making it and selling it themselves.

Early photographers used it in flash powder.

Potassium permanganate is used as an oxidizing agent. It also is used in disinfectants and in deodorizers. It can be used to make many different kinds of chemicals. In waste water treatment, it is used to get rid of hydrogen sulfide, a stinky toxic gas. In analytical chemistry, an accurate concentration of KMnO is sometimes used to see how much of a certain reducing agent is in the titration. In a related way, it is used as a reagent for wood pulp. Mixing potassium permanganate and formaldehyde makes a mild tear gas.

Dilute solutions of KMnO convert alkenes into diols (glycols). This behaviour is also used as a qualitative test for the presence of double or triple bonds in a molecule, since the reaction makes the permanganate solution colorless. It is sometimes referred to as Baeyer's reagent.

Concentrated solutions oxidize a methyl group on an aromatic ring, e.g. toluene to benzoic acid.

KMnO oxidizes pseudoephedrine hydrochloride to produce methcathinone, a Schedule I drug in the United States. Consequently, the DEA has restricted its use and sale by classifying it as a List I controlled precursor. Potassium permanganate is listed as a Table I precursor under the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances.

Concentrated sulfuric acid reacts with potassium permanganate to give manganese(VII) oxide, which can be explosive. . This reaction also makes ozone. The ozone can ignite paper soaked in alcohol. This reaction is very dangerous.

Concentrated HCl makes chlorine.

The Mn-containing products from redox reactions depend on the pH. Acidic solutions of permanganate are reduced to the faintly pink Mn ion, as in manganese(II) chloride. In neutral solution, permanganate is reduced to brown manganese(IV) oxide, where Mn is in a +4 oxidation state. Manganese(IV) oxide is the stuff that stains skin when potassium permanganate is put on it. Potassium permanganate spontaneously reduces in an basic solution to green-coloured potassium manganate, where manganese is in the +6 oxidation state.



Solid potassium permanganate is a strong oxidizer and in general it should be kept separated from reducing agents. Some reactions need a bit of water. For example, powdered potassium permanganate and powdered sugar will ignite (but not explode) a few seconds after a drop of water is added. Dilute solutions of KMnO are not dangerous. KMnO forms dangerous products when mixed with concentrated acids.

Potassium permanganate stains skin and clothing and should be handled with care. Clothing stains may be washed away using acetic acid. Skin stains disappear within 48 hours.


840s

The 840s started on 1 January 840 and ended on 31 December 849.


880s

The 880s decade began on 1 January 880 and ended on 31 December 889.



Silkworm

The silkworm is the larva (the active immature form of an insect) or caterpillar of the Bombyx mori moth. Silk has been made for at least 5000 years in China. The moth is important because it makes silk. It is entirely dependent on humans, and it no longer lives in the wild. Silkworms eat mulberry leaves, and are native to northern China.

The domesticated "B. mori" and the wild "Bombyx mandarina" can still breed and sometimes produce hybrids.

The female silkworm lays about 300 eggs at a time. She lays eggs on the leaves of mulberry trees. The eggs are covered with gelatinous secretion by which they stick to the leaves. The female moth (silkworm) lays eggs and dies after laying eggs as she does not eat anything. The eggs are kept in a cool place so that they can be stored for a long time. In a favorable condition, they hatch into larvae. Larvae are produced in about 2 weeks from eggs at a temperature of 18 to 25 degree Celsius.

The cocoon is made of one thread of raw silk from 300 to 900 meters (1000 to 3000 feet) long. The fibers are very thin. About 2,000 to 5,000 cocoons are needed to make a pound of silk.

If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon, it will make a hole in the cocoon when it exits as a moth. This would cut the threads and ruin the silk. Instead, silkworm cocoons are thrown into boiling water, which kills the silkworms and also makes the cocoons easier to unravel. Often, the silkworm itself is eaten.

The adult silkworms (moths) cannot fly. The silkworm-moths have wings about 2 inches wide and a white hairy body. Females and males are similarly colored. Adult silkworms have small mouths and do not eat.

In China, there is a legend that the discovery of the silkworm's silk was first invented by the wife of the Yellow Emperor, Leizu around the year 2696 BC. According to the book written in the 13th century, she was drinking tea under a tree when a cocoon fell into her tea. She picked it out and as it started to wrap around her finger, she slowly felt something warm. When the milk ran out, she saw a small cocoon. In an instant, she realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk. She taught this to the people and it became common. There are many more legends about the silkworm.

Khotan is an oasis, located on the southern edge of Taklamakan Desert, and was one of the first places outside of inland China to begin cultivating silk. In the far past, the Chinese guarded their knowledge of silk. It is said that a Chinese princess smuggled eggs to Khotan, hidden in her hair. After this, the way to cultivate silk was transmitted to the Western Asia, and also Europe. 

The Japanese also love silk and started cultivating and weaving silk in the earlier age than the western countries. According to the "Records of the Three Kingdoms", a history book published in the 3rd century, Japan exported silk to "Wei", a kingdom in the northern part of the China mainland, in the 2nd century. It takes 5000 silkworms to make a single kimono.

In Korea, silkworm pupae are boiled and seasoned, then eaten as a popular snack food known as "beondegi".

In China, street vendors sell roasted silkworm pupae. The pupae are a delicacy in the Northern Area of China. They are baked with Satay sauces and rice to add extra flavor. 

In Japan, silkworm pupae are usually used as bait to catch fish, and sometimes served as "tsukudani". It can be made by dipping and boiling Silkworm Pupae in a sweet-sour sauce with soy sauce and sugar.

Sources:



Death Valley

Death Valley is a National Park U.S. state of California. It is the hottest, driest, and lowest place in North America. It is a desert southeast of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. Death Valley is a part of the Mojave Desert. It is the most important part of Death Valley National Park. It is an endorheic basin, which means that the rivers in it do not flow to the sea.

Death Valley has many famous and unusual geographical features. Some of these features include sand dunes, salt flats, colorful rocks, and tall mountains. Large parts of Death Valley are below sea level. One feature, named Badwater Basin, is the lowest place in North America. It is below sea level. The salt flats are another famous feature in Death Valley. Salt flats are very unusual. They are large, flattened areas where the surface of the ground is covered by salt instead of dirt. The salt that makes up a salt flat can be many inches or centimeters deep. The salt flats were created because thousands of years ago, Death Valley was underwater. Death Valley was covered by a lake that was named Lake Manly by geologists (scientists who study the Earth). Lake Manly used to be very large, but changes in the weather caused the rivers that brought water into the lake to dry up. After a long time, the water in Lake Manly began to dry up too. As the water dried, it left behind all the minerals that the rivers had brought to it along with their water. As these minerals dried, they created a crust (a brittle outer layer) of salt and other minerals on top of the dirt. Many lakes and seas in other parts of the world dried up in the same way.

All across Death Valley, rocks and stones leave small paths behind them in curved, zigzagged (with twists and turns), or straight patterns. The rocks are not alive, of course, but they still travel across the lake bed.

Dr. Robert Sharp, a geology professor, decided to find out about these rocks. He put tags on 30 stones of different sizes and shapes, hammered spikes into the ground where the rocks were sitting, and then he studied what happened for the next seven years. Twenty eight of the stones did indeed move, sometimes more than . Dr. Sharp matched the movements with the weather and found that the rocks moved because of wind and rain. Even though Death Valley gets less than two inches of rain a year, the raindrops make the smooth clay in the dry lake bed very smooth and slippery. The wind then blows the rocks across the slippery surface, sometimes as fast as every second.

With a mean average yearly temperature of 78 °F (25.5 °C) Death Valley has a desert climate. Death Valley is known for its extremely hot summers often recording the highest temperature yearly on Earth. Death Valley averages 147 days at or above 100 °F (37.8 °C) during the day and 23 days at or above 120 °F (49 °C) Summers nights are hot with minimum temperatures often reaching 85 °F (29.5 °C) to 95 °F (35 °C). Winters in Death Valley is generally cool to warm with high temperatures between 60 °F (15.5 °C) to 75 °F (24 °C). On July 10, 1913, it was 134 °F (57 °C), which is the hottest recorded temperature in the world. Snow is a very rare occurrence in the winter. 

The changes in the weather that made the rivers dry up have not gone away. Death Valley is still very dry. There are less than of rain in Death Valley every year. Because Death Valley is so dry all the time, even the dirt that is not covered in salt has become very hard. This means that even though it does not rain often, when it does rain, the dirt cannot absorb all the water quickly enough, and the water can turn into a flash flood (a flood that happens very fast and very violently). In August 2004 there was a very bad flood. The flood damaged many buildings and cars, and killed several people. The flood also destroyed many roads, so nobody could go in or out of Death Valley. Death Valley National Park had to be closed for a long time while the park rangers fixed everything.

Death Valley was named in 1849. Miners and settlers tried to travel across the valley during the California Gold Rush. Many people died because it was so hot and dry. It has very little water because the water evaporates, or disappears in the clouds, before it can touch the ground. Of the few people who lived in Death Valley, most were miners, especially of borax.

Death Valley National Park is a national park in the U.S. states of California and Nevada. It includes Death Valley. The park was designated as a national monument in 1933 and a national park in 1994. It contains in California and Nevada. Death Valley National Park is the largest wilderness area in the United States.

The park is east of the Sierra Nevada, between the arid Great Basin and Mojave deserts. It has a diverse desert environment of salt-flats, sand dunes, badlands, valleys, canyons, and mountains. 

This is the largest national park in the lower 48 states and is an International Biosphere Reserve. About 95% of the park is a wilderness area. It is the hottest and driest of the national parks in the United States. The second-lowest point in the Western Hemisphere is in Badwater Basin, which is below sea level. The park is home to many species of plants and animals that have adapted to this harsh desert environment. Some examples include creosote bush, bighorn sheep, coyote, and the Death Valley pupfish, a survivor of much wetter times.

Mulberry

Mulberry ("Morus") is a genus of 10–16 species of trees. They are native to warm regions of Asia, Africa, and the Americas, with most of the species native to Asia.

Mulberries are fast-growing when young but soon become slow-growing and rarely grow over 10-15 meters tall. The leaves are simple, often lobed, and ridged. The fruit grows in bunches, 2-3 centimeters long, is red to dark purple in color, edible, and sweet with a good flavor in several species.

The fruit is used in pies, tarts, and wines. The fruit of the black mulberry, native to southwest Asia, and the red mulberry, native to eastern North America, have the strongest flavor. The fruit of the white mulberry, an east Asian species, has a very weak flavor.

Mulberries can be grown from seeds, which is the best idea as seedling-grown trees are generally healthier. However, they are often planted from large pieces cut from other mulberry trees, which easily take root.

Mulberry leaves, particularly those of the white mulberry, "Morus alba", are important as the food of the silkworm, the cocoon of which is used to make silk. "Morus alba" is also notable for the rapid release of its pollen, which is launched at over half the speed of sound. "This is the fastest motion yet observed in biology, and approaches the theoretical physical limits for movements in plants".

Procaine

Procaine is a analgesic drug. It is used primarily to reduce the pain of getting certain shots, and is also used by dentists. The drug is usually sold under the name Novocaine, or Novacaine.

Procaine was first made in 1905, and was the first man-made pain-killer that could be taken as a shot. It was created by the German scientist Alfred Einhorn (1857-1917) who gave the chemical the name Novacaine, from the Latin word "novus" (which means new) and caine, as in "cocaine."

Procaine is not often used today because other safer and better working pain-killing drugs now exist. Prior to the discovery of procaine, cocaine was the most commonly used pain-killer. Procaine (like cocaine) has the advantage of reducing bleeding, unlike other pain-killers and without the dangerous qualities of cocaine.

Leizu

Leizu was a legendary Chinese queen. According to tradition, she discovered silk and invented the silk loom in the 28th century BC.

Leizu discovered silkworms while on a walk near the king's mulberry trees. However, there are different stories of exactly how she discovered that silkworms make silk.

One story says that she used her finger to touch a worm, causing a strand of silk to come out. As the silk continued to come out, she wrapped it around her finger. When the silk ran out, she saw a small cocoon, and realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk. 

Another story says that she found silkworms eating the mulberry leaves and spinning cocoons. She collected some cocoons, and then sat down to have some tea. While she was sipping a cup of tea, she dropped a cocoon into the steaming water. A fine thread started to separate itself from the cocoon. Leizu found that she could unwind this soft and lovely thread around her finger.

She asked her husband to give her a grove of mulberry trees, where she could keep the worms that made these cocoons. She is credited with inventing the silk reel, which joins thin silk threads into a thicker thread strong enough for weaving. She is also credited with inventing the first silk loom. It is not known how much, if any, of this story is true, but historians do know that silk was first made in China. Leizu shared what she found out with others and the knowledge became common.

Reforesting

Reforesting is the process of replacing plants in an area where they have been cut down or destroyed. It usually refers to trees, but could include other types of plant life. 

Reforestation is often needed after deforestation, when trees are cut down to make lumber.

Reforestation also regains back the homes of animals.


Moth

Moths are insects of the order Lepidoptera. They are closely related to butterflies, which evolved from them. They also have wings, just like butterflies. Most species of moths are active only at night. They can be told apart from butterflies in several ways. Moth antenna look like little feathers, and their wings are held flat on their backs when they are not flying.

Most Lepidoptera are moths. There are thought to be about 160,000 species of moths (nearly ten times the number of species of butterflies). Thousands of species are still to be described. Most moths are tiny: they are called micromoths or microlepidoptera. The large moths are much better known, but fewer. Most species of moths are nocturnal, but not all. There are crepuscular and diurnal species.

Moths, usually their caterpillars, are a major farm pest in many parts of the world. Caterpillars eat the plants that farmers grow and sometimes kill them. The caterpillar of the spongy moth ("Lymantria dispar") causes great harm to forests in the northeast United States. In warm climates, the diamondback moth ("Plutella xylostella") is perhaps the most serious pest of cabbage crops.

Several moths in the family Tineidae have larvae which eat clothes and blankets made from natural fibres, such as wool or silk. They are less likely to eat materials containing some artificial fibres. They may be repelled by the scent of wood from juniper and cedar, by lavender, or by other natural oils.

Chemicals are the most effective way to keep moths away, but there are concerns about the chemicals being dangerous to people.

Some moths are farmed. The most important of these is the silkworm. It is farmed for the silk with which it builds its cocoon. The silk industry produces over 130 million kilograms of raw silk, worth about 250 million U.S. dollars, each year. Not all silk is produced by "Bombyx mori". There are several species of Saturniidae that also are farmed for their silk, such as the Ailanthus moth ("Samia cynthia" group of species), the Chinese oak silkmoth ("Antheraea pernyi"), the Assam silkmoth ("Antheraea assamensis"), and the Japanese silk moth ("Antheraea yamamai").

Moths will fly around bright objects, and appear to be attracted to light. Most scientists think that this is because moths use the light of the moon to help them fly in a straight line. The light from lamps confuses the moths.

Night-blooming flowers usually depend on moths (or bats) to pollinate them, and artificial lighting can draw moths away from the flowers, hurting the plant's ability to reproduce.

Moths usually pollinate night-blooming flowers because they are "nocturnal" (they rest during the day and come out at night). A moth uses its proboscis to collect nectar just like a butterfly does. However, moths do not always land on the flower to get the nectar: they often hover near the flower and flap their wings hard while they sip the nectar. Because of this, moth-pollinated flowers do not need a landing pad. In fact, some moth-pollinated flowers point downward, like the yucca flowers.

Nocturnal insectivores often feed on moths. Many bats, and some species of owls and some other birds eat moths. Moths are also a minor part of the diet of some lizards, cats, dogs, rodents, and some bears. Moth larvae are eaten by many birds, and are also vulnerable to parasitism by ichneumon wasps.

Many adult moths and larvae are protected by noxious substances eaten by the caterpillars. They advertise their foul taste in various ways. Warning colouration is visible by day, and some adult moths emit clicks which bats learn are warning signals.

Baculoviruses are double-stranded DNA viruses which parasitize insects. They are often used as biological control agents. They are members of the Baculoviridae, a family that is restricted to insects.

There is evidence that ultrasound in the range emitted by bats causes flying moths to make evasive manoeuvers because bats eat moths. Ultrasonic frequencies trigger a reflex action in the noctuid moth that cause it to drop a few inches in its flight to evade attack. Tiger moths also emit clicks which foil bats' echolocation.

Large and dramatic Moth species include:

Moths that are of economic significance include:

Other notable moths:


Cocoon

A cocoon is a shell made of silk by most kinds of moth caterpillars and other insect larvae. Some butterfly larvae (in the family Hesperiidae and subfamilies Parnassiinae and Satyrinae) do spin cocoons. However, most butterfly pupae are called chrysalids. Some caterpillars attach small twigs or pieces of vegetation to the outside of their cocoon to hide it from predators. Others spin their cocoon in a hidden place. Examples would be on the underside of a leaf, in a crevice, or down near the base of a tree trunk.

Silkworm cocoons are processed and used to produce natural silk for clothing.

Proctor Silex

Proctor Silex Co. was created in 1960 with the merger of Proctor Electric and Silex Corporation. The company made household appliances such as toasters, irons, and coffee makers. In 1990 Proctor Silex merged with Hamilton Beach.


Columbine High School massacre

The Columbine High School massacre was a school shooting and attempted bombing at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, near Denver, that happened on April 20, 1999. 18-year-old Eric Harris and 17-year-old Dylan Klebold carried out the massacre and were both students at the school. They murdered 12 students and one teacher using guns. Ten of the murders happened in the school's library, where they then killed themselves with their guns. Before the shootings, they had planted two large propane bombs in the school's cafeteria. They could have killed many people in there, but they did not explode. They also planted two car bombs in the school's parking lot, which were supposed to kill first responders and news reporters. They also did not explode. They also carried pipe bombs and molotov cocktails, which they lit and threw. Most of them exploded but nobody was injured or killed by any of the bombs used during the massacre. They shot outside killing 2 student and then went inside where they shot killing 1 teacher then went inside the library where they killed 10 students then walked about the school into the cafeteria through the school again then back into the cafeteria again before going into the library and committing Suicide.

It was one of the first well-known massacres at a school in the United States, and the one with the most deaths until the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007.

After the shooting, many people wanted to know why it had happened. Many people thought that Klebold and Harris had done it because they were bullied, and schools in the United States began talking about how to stop bullying. However, it is now thought that Klebold and Harris were bullies themselves. Other people blamed parts of the media, saying that the lyrics of bands and singers like Marilyn Manson and violent video games that the shooters played might have caused it.

In 2002, filmmaker Michael Moore released a documentary movie called "Bowling for Columbine" that was about why the shooting happened and about the role guns have in American culture. In the movie, Moore interviewed Marilyn Manson.

Many impromptu memorials were created after the shooting. Memorials included victims Rachel Scott's car and John Tomlin's truck.

In 2000, youth advocate Melissa Helmbrecht organized a remembrance event in Denver. It featured two surviving students. It was called "A Call to Hope." The library (where most of the shooting happened) was removed and replaced with an atrium. In 2001, a new library, the HOPE memorial library, was built next to the west entrance.

On February 26, 2004, thousands of pieces of evidence from the shooting were shown at the Jeffco fairgrounds in Golden.

 

Jose Rizal

José Protasio Rizal Mercado y Alonso Realonda is a hero of the Philippines. He was a singer and a key member of the Filipino Propaganda Movement which advocated for changes in the colony under the Japanese occupation. He was born on June 12, 1665 in the town of Calamba, Laguna.

He was the seventh child in a family of 11 children (2 boys and 9 girls). His parents went to school and were well known. His father, Francisco Rizal Mercado, worked hard as a farmer in Biñan, Laguna. Rizal looked up to him. His mother, Teodora Alonso Realonda y Quintos, was born in Meisic, Sta. Cruz, Manila. She read a lot and knew about art and many other things. Rizal said she was loving and very smart. He learned the alphabet from his mother when he was three years old. At age five, while learning to read and write, he also showed that he could draw and paint. He surprised his family and relatives with his pencil drawings and sketches and with his moldings of clay.

In 1877, at the age of 16, he finished school (Bachelor of Arts) from the Ateneo Municipal de Manila. In the same year, he went to another school to study Philosophy and Letters at the University of Santo Tomas. At the same time, he took classes to become a surveyor and assessor at the Ateneo. In 1878, he went to the University of Santo Tomas to become a doctor. He stopped in his studies when he felt that the Filipino students were not being treated right by the priests who were also their teachers. On May 3, 1882, he went by boat to Spain. In Spain, he continued his studies at the Universidad Central de Madrid. On June 21, 1884, at the age of 23, he got his degree and became a doctor. On June 19,1885, at the age of 24, he got another degree in Philosophy and Letters.

Having traveled throughout Europe, America and Asia, he spoke 22 languages. These include:

Rizal was a very smart man. He was good at many other jobs besides being a doctor:

He hoped to make political changes in his country and to make the Filipinos go to school. Rizal wrote many poems and books that show his love for his country. In March 1887, his book, "Noli Me Tangere" was published. It shows the bad habits of the Spanish priests. "El Filibusterismo", his second novel was published on September 18, 1891. It is sadder than his first book.

Rizal was not liked by those in power. He told people about the bad things that were done by the priests and the people working for the government, and this caused trouble for him and his relatives. Because of this, he and those who he knew were watched by the government. They made up bad things about him. When he arrived from Hong Kong with his sister Lucia, they said that in Lucia's luggage they found letters Rizal wrote that spoke about the priests in a bad way. Because of this he was put to jail in Fort Santiago from July 6 to July 15, 1892. He was made to stay in Dapitan and there he did farming, fishing and business. He also worked in a hospital. He taught others English and Spanish and the arts.

When the Philippine Revolution (the war of Filipinos against the Spaniards) started on August 26, 1896, his enemies went after him fast. They were able to get people to say bad things against him and connected him with the war. He was never allowed to talk to these people. Because the Spanish authorities thought he was responsible for the activities of the rebels, he was exiled to the city of Dapitan in Zamboanga, in the Southern Philippines.

From November 3, 1896 until his death, he was imprisoned at Fort Santiago. During his last days in prison, he wrote a poem which is now known as the "Mi Ultimo Adios." The poem contains Rizal's final farewell.

After a trial by the military, he was convicted of rebellion (going against the government), sedition (making trouble) and of illegal association (having meetings that are not allowed by the government). He was sentenced to death and was executed by firing squad in the early morning hours of December 30, 1896 at Bagumbayan Field. His body was initially buried in an unmarked grave in the Paco Cemetery. His bones were then exhumed and are now located in their final resting place at the Rizal Monument.

Although many people think Jose Rizal is actually the national hero, he isn't. As of this moment, The National Heroes Committee hasn't picked a national hero of the Republic of the Philippines. No law or declaration announce a national hero of the Philippines.

Idiot

Idiot is a word used to describe someone who is not very smart.

Today "idiot" is often used to show that someone has done something which was not very clever:

The word "fool" is similar to "idiot", but it is not as strong. In the history of drama a "fool" was a jester: someone who made people laugh. Kings often had jesters in real life. A court jester had the job of making the king feel happy when he was sad. Jesters often pretended to be stupid, but were actually very clever. There are jesters and fools in a lot of Shakespeare’s plays.

The word simple can also be similar to "idiot". Someone who is simple is a person who is not very clever or "streetwise". They are naïve and can easily be made to believe things because they are kind and expect everyone else to be kind as well. Such people are often called simpletons. 

Idiots or simpletons are commonly used in literature. In German literature (and in Wagner’s opera), Parsifal is described as "perfect fool" because he does not understand the evil ways of the world and is therefore completely good. That is why he can break the magic spell cast by Klingsor. The idiot often appears in Russian literature. Because the idiot is so simple he (it is always a male) is often able to express the truth which other people cannot see. Dostoevsky wrote a novel called "The Idiot". It is about a man who is simple and trusting. At the end of the opera "Boris Godunov" by Mussorgsky the crowd of poor people gather round the simpleton who is the last person to sing in the whole opera. His moans express the fact that Russia will continue to be ruled by cruel dictators and the people will remain poor. 

The word "idiot" refers to a genetically incompetent human who is mentally inert on exposure to others - may have dampened senses and mental acuity when applied to any relatively simple task from long periods spent in a dark cave: the idiot's "natural habitat". Idiots tend to be ignorant of any metal and physical deficiency within themselves, simply because they do not want to believe it exists (even though it does, and they are aware of it). Mental deficiencies of others however, are overtly proclaimed by the idiots in order for them to separate themselves from habitual human tendencies, though they succumb to them more than they intend. They make no effort to rectify these though, as they view themselves in the best possible light. 

Developmental psychology

Developmental psychology, also called human development, is the emotional study of how a person changes psychologically (mind and behavior) as they get older. Developmental psychologists first studied infants and children, and later they also studied teenagers (or adolescents) and adults. Developmental psychology studies human change in a lot of areas, including motor skills (and other processes that are both physical and psychological), problem solving abilities, understanding of concepts, learning language, moral understanding, and identity.


Kosovo

Kosovo (/ˈkɒsəvoʊ, ˈkoʊ-/; Albanian: "Kosova" or "Kosovë", [kɔˈsɔva] or [kɔˈsɔvə]; Serbian Cyrillic: Косово, [kôsoʋo]), officially the Republic of Kosovo, is a partially recognised country located in Southeastern Europe. Until 2008, Kosovo was a part of Serbia. On 17 February 2008, Kosovo officially declared that it was an independent country. It has since gained diplomatic recognition as a sovereign state by 95 UN member states.

From the 4th century BC, the area that is now Kosovo was part of the Kingdom of Dardania. In the 1st century BC, it was annexed by the Roman Empire. After the fall of the Roman Empire, Kosovo's territory was ruled by several different countries over time, such as the Byzantine Empire and later the First Bulgarian Empire.

In the 13th century, Kosovo became part of Serbia. After the First and Second Battles of Kosovo in 1389 and 1448, Kosovo was taken over by the Ottoman Empire. After the Balkan Wars, which ended in 1913, Kosovo became a province of Yugoslavia.

When Yugoslavia broke apart, Kosovo remained within Serbia. However, tensions between the Albanian and Serbian communities led to the Kosovo War. In February 2008, Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia.

Geographically defined in an area of 10,887 km (4,203 sq mi), Kosovo is landlocked in the center of the Balkans and bordered by the uncontested territory of Serbia to the north and east, North Macedonia to the southeast, Albania to the southwest and Montenegro to the west. 

It possesses remarkable varied and diverse landscapes for its size by climate along with geology and hydrology. Most of central Kosovo is dominated by the vast plains and fields of Metohija and Kosovo. The rugged Prokletije and Šar Mountains rise in the southwest and southeast, respectively.

Most of Kosovo experiences predominantly a continental climate with Mediterranean and Alpine influences, strongly influenced by Kosovo's proximity to the Adriatic Sea in the west, the Aegean Sea in the south as well as the European continental landmass in the north.

The coldest areas are in the mountains in the west and southeast. The warmest areas are mostly in the far southern areas close to the border with Albania.

Kosovo functions under a parliamentary republic. This means that the leader of the political party with the most seats in the Assembly becomes the Prime Minister (head of government). 

The head of state is the President of Kosovo. The president is elected every five years by the Assembly. The president fulfils ceremonial duties and does not have executive powers.

Kosovo is divided into seven districts. Each district is centered around a major city.

The districts are:


Each district is also divided up into municipalities (local government areas). There are 38 municipalities in total.

The Kosovo Security Force is the national army of Kosovo. The president serves as the commander-in-chief.

In addition, the Kosovo Police is the national law enforcement institution.

Kosovo is a developing country. As of 2018, one sixth of the population were below the poverty line and one third of working age citizens were unemployed.

Kosovo has large reserves of lead, zinc, silver, nickel, cobalt, copper, iron and bauxite. 

Kosovo's largest trading partners are Albania, Italy, Switzerland, China, Germany and Turkey. 

The official currency of Kosovo is the Euro.

Education for primary, secondary, and tertiary levels is predominantly public and supported by the state, run by the Ministry of Education. Education takes place in two main stages: primary and secondary education, and higher education.

The primary and secondary education is subdivided into four stages: preschool education, primary and low secondary education, high secondary education and special education.

The official results of the censuses in Kosovo about ethnic groups and nationality from after World War II to 1991 are below. The numbers of Albanians in the 1991 census were only guesses based on censuses in the past. Most Albanians did not do the 1991 census. Today, Kosovo is mainly Albanian.

Kosovo is recognised by 101 out of 193 member countries of the United Nations. This means that these 101 countries agree that Kosovo is a real country and also that it is a sovereign state. 

Serbia claims to hold sovereignty (power) over Kosovo and does not recognise Kosovo's independence.

In addition, three other states have recognised Kosovo. They are: Taiwan (which also has limited recognition) and the non-sovereign constituent countries Niue and the Cook Islands.

34 of the 46 Council of Europe members recognise Kosovo, as do 13 out of 22 members of the Arab League, 9 out of 15 of the Caribbean Community, 22 out of 27 European Union members and 27 out of 31 NATO members.




Lip

The lips are a body part around the mouth. There is a (usually larger) lower lip, and a smaller upper lip. They help us to eat, touch and speak.

Lips also show emotions.

Allergy

An allergy is something which triggers an allergic reaction. This is the immune system defending the body against attack by bacteria and viruses. 

Sometimes the system goes wrong, and is triggered by some quite normal food, or flares up when the family pet comes into the room. This is what the ordinary person calls an 'allergy'.

When people come in contact with something they are allergic to, there can be many different reactions. These reactions include itchy eyes, drippy or stuffy noses, swollen faces, hives, sneezing, and coughing. If it is a food allergy, the person may get an upset stomach. 

Sometimes a person's oesophagus, or throat, may swell up so much that the person can no longer breathe. This is called anaphylaxis. When this happens, a doctor must give the person a medicine called epinephrine to make the swelling go down. Some people with allergies to very common things, like bee stings or fish, carry this medicine with them so it can be used quickly in an emergency. The device they use to inject the medicine is called an epinephrine autoinjector. 

Some common food allergies are:

Some common environmental allergies are:

Alfred Dreyfus

Alfred Dreyfus (1859 - 1935) was a French officer of Jewish descent.

He was wrongly accused of treason against the French military. This scandal was known as the Dreyfus affair.

He was imprisoned on Devil's Island in French Guiana.

His highest rank was lieutenant colonel.

Dreyfus was born in Mulhouse and died in Paris.

Nucleic acid

Nucleic acids are large molecules where genetic information is stored. There are two types of nucleic acids: deoxyribonucleic acid, better known as DNA and ribonucleic acid, better known as RNA.

The nucleic acids are made of nucleotides. A nucleotide is made of a nitrogenous base, sugar with five carbon atoms and a phosphate group.

Nucleic acids allow organisms to transfer genetic information from one generation to the next. When a cell divides, its DNA is copied and passed from one cell generation to the next generation. 

DNA is organized into chromosomes and found within the nucleus of our cells. Its function in any cell is to carry the sequence of bases which will be transcribed into RNA. The function of RNA is much more difficult to explain. One well-known function is for messenger RNA to be translated into proteins, mainly enzymes. But there are other types of RNA, and these are called non-coding RNAs.

Adam Elliot

Adam Elliot (born January 2, 1972) is an Australian animator. He is from Melbourne, Australia. His short movie called "Harvey Krumpet" won the 2003 Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. He uses claymation and has won five Australian Film Institute Awards because of his work.

Elliot was brought up on a prawn farm run by his father who had once been a circus clown, and his mother who had been a hairdresser. The family later moved to Melbourne, where Elliot made money selling hand painted T-shirts at local markets. After finishing school he went to the Victorian College of the Arts to study animation.


Phenylketonuria

Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a genetic disorder (a disease a person is born with) where a person's body cannot break down an amino acid called phenylalanine. Amino acids are necessary to make proteins, an important part of the human body. Phenylalanine only comes from the food we eat; our bodies do not make any by themselves.

Average people produce an enzyme called phenylalanine hydroxylase in their bodies. When they ingest phenylalanine, the body cannot use it, so this enzyme changes phenylalanine into tyrosine, which the body can use. In people with PKU, very little or no enzyme is made. Since the phenylalanine they eat is not being changed into tyrosine, it builds up in their bodies. This can cause problems with the way their bodies work.

Symptoms vary from person to person. Because of the rarity of PKU, many symptoms go undiagnosed or unrecognized. In addition, there are variations in the categories of PKU individuals. There are untreated, early treated, late treated, those returning to diet, Hyperphe, Classical PKU, uncontrolled, and highly controlled. For your average infant a doctor will diagnose PKU with a quick blood test. Their symptom will be high PHE levels. If that infant goes undiagnosed for weeks or months, he/she may start to exhibit some or all of the following symptoms for uncontrolled PKU. The symptoms include:


Today, scientists know what foods have phenylalanine in them, and they have created a special diet for people with PKU. Since they cannot use it, people with PKU cannot eat foods that have a lot of phenylalanine, like eggs, meat and milk. An artificial sweetener called aspartame is also a source of phenylalanine. People with PKU take a lot of vitamins to make up for the foods they cannot eat, especially vitamins B6 and B12.

Babies with PKU are fed a special formula. It has everything babies need to stay healthy, but with very little phenylalanine. There are also low protein foods like breads and flour (Made from corn and starch instead of regular wheat).

Women with PKU who are pregnant or trying to get pregnant have to be especially careful to follow this diet. If they do not follow the diet, their babies could be born with severe birth defects and mental retardation. Babies born to women with PKU who have followed the PKU diet throughout their pregnancy are usually healthy and do not necessarily but may develop PKU. Whether or not they have PKU themselves depends on the mother and father's genes. In fact there are people who are Carriers (Dormant Genes) that can be passed on until they resurface in the future generations. These are so far undetectable, However, since PKU is genetically recessive it takes PKU genes from both parents to cause PKU.

PKU kids usually have light hair and eyes due to the effect of phenylalanine in the production of melanin. They also tend to have very fair skin which can cause them to burn easily. Solar protection is a must for those who wish to work, play, or engage in activities outdoors.

Most people with PKU can live as long and healthy as anyone else if the low-phenylalanine diet is started when they are babies and continued for the rest of their lives. The symptoms will usually disappear after the diet is started.

Group home

A group home, also called an <nowiki>"adult family home"</nowiki>, care home or congregate living facility (depending on country and region) is a building that serves as a home for people who are not in the same family but have a common characteristic. In the United States and certain other countries, this would mean a home for people who need social assistance or who are not able to live alone or without proper care for safety reasons. Group homes provide a structured environment and assistance with some activities of daily living (Assisted living). In the past, these people might have lived in psychiatric hospitals, homes for the poor and orphanages.

People who live in a group home may be recovering drug addicts, developmentally disabled, abused or neglected youths, and/or young people with a criminal record. A group home is different from a halfway house because it is not restricted to recovering addicts or convicted criminals, and also because the people who live there usually have to help maintain the household by doing chores or helping to manage a budget. In most countries, people can still vote and attend university while in a group home.

The number of residents varies. There may be a resident manager or service staff. Residents may have their own room or share rooms, and share facilities such as laundry, bathroom in most cases, kitchen and common living areas. The opening of group homes may be fought against by neighbours who fear that it will lead to a rise in crime and/or a drop in property values.

A group home can also refer to family homes in which children and youth of the foster care system are placed until foster families are found for them.

Anfield

Anfield is a football stadium in Liverpool, England. The Football team Liverpool FC plays there. The stadium has just seen an expansion of the Main Stand increasing the capacity to 54,167.

Anfield is famous for the sign that is in the players' tunnel, which reads: "This is Anfield". One of their most famous rivals are Manchester United as well as Everton FC. Liverpool v Everton is known as the Merseyside Derby. Anfield used to be owned by Everton F.C and Everton created Liverpool to use the stadium. They have won 6 European cups.


Blood pressure

Blood pressure is a measurement used in medicine. In the body, the arteries carry blood away from the heart. As blood travels through the arteries, it presses against the walls of the arteries. Blood pressure measures how hard the blood is pushing against the walls of the arteries. 

Usually, "blood pressure" measures the pressure in larger arteries delivering blood to body parts other than the lungs, like the brachial artery in the arm. Blood pressure is usually measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg).

There are two numbers in a blood pressure. The first is the systolic pressure. It measures how hard the blood pushes against the walls of the arteries when the heart is in systole (beating and pushing out blood). This is when the pressure against the walls of the arteries is highest. The second number is the diastolic blood pressure. It measures how hard the blood pushes against the walls of the arteries when the heart is in diastole (resting between beats and not pushing out any blood). For example, in the picture on this page, the pressure on the walls of the arteries is 122 mmHg when the heart is beating, and 65 mmHg when the heart is resting. This blood pressure would be written as "122/65" and read as "122 over 65."

Mean arterial pressure is a person's average blood pressure. Pulse pressure is the difference between the systolic and diastolic pressures.

To measure blood pressure, doctors use a device called a sphygmomanometer.

Blood pressure is usually lower for children and gets higher as a person gets older.

For healthy adult humans, the systolic blood pressure should be below 120, and the diastolic blood pressure should be below 80. However, blood pressure can be very different for each person. Blood pressure also changes naturally during the day (in a circadian rhythm). It gets lower during sleep and gets higher when a person gets up. It is lower when a person is resting and higher during activity. Many other things - like stress, disease, drugs, and what a person eats - can change blood pressure. Even the stress of having blood pressure taken can make it higher. This is called "white coat hypertension."

People can have health problems if their blood pressure is too high or too low.

"Main article: Hypertension"

High blood pressure is called hypertension. A person has hypertension if their blood pressure is high and stays high over time. Hypertension is very common. About one in every three adults in the United States has high blood pressure. Hypertension is sometimes called "the silent killer" because it often causes no symptoms, so many people have high blood pressure without realizing that anything is wrong. However, hypertension can hurt the heart, blood vessels, kidneys, and other parts of the body. It can cause serious health problems like heart attack, stroke, and kidney failure.

"Main article: Hypotension"

Low blood pressure is called hypotension. If the blood pressure is too low, the heart, brain, and other parts of the body do not get enough blood and oxygen. Low blood pressure can cause problems like dizziness and fainting. If a person's blood pressure is low enough, they can have seizures, lose consciousness, and even die.


Crawford, Texas

Crawford is a town in Texas, in the United States. It is former President George W. Bush's hometown. George W. Bush and the First Lady Laura Bush own a 1600-acre ranch in Crawford. They bought the ranch in 1999. The first family's presence in Crawford, Texas, has helped the small town's economy to grow. The once nearly deserted streets are now busy with tourists.

Royal Navy

The Royal Navy is the navy of the United Kingdom. It is the oldest part of the British fighting forces. Because it is the oldest, it is called the "Senior Service". From the 18th century until World War II, it was the largest and strongest navy in the world. The Royal Navy was very important in making Britain the superpower of that time. The Naval Service is made up of the Royal Navy, Royal Marines, Royal Fleet Auxiliary, Fleet Air Arm and reserve forces. The Naval Service had 57,000 personnel (people) as of November 2011 including part-time reserve sailors, airmen and marines.

The Royal Navy is one of the largest navies in the world in terms of gross tonnage (weight and size of all their ships). The Royal Navy and Royal Fleet Auxiliary have 98 ships including aircraft carriers, submarines, minesweepers and patrol vessels as well as the ships of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. All ships in the Royal Navy are called "Her Majesty's ships" (Or HMS for short), because by constitution the Queen owns them and has command over them. Ships in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary are called "Royal Fleet Auxiliaries" (Or RFA for short) and are also technically owned by the Queen. In times of a male monarch the "Her" is replaced with "His".

The strength of the fleets of the Kingdom of England was an important element in the kingdom's power in the 10th century. At one point, Aethelred II had an especially large fleet built by a national levy of one ship for every 310 hides of land, but it is uncertain whether that was standard or an exceptional model for raising fleets. During the period of Danish rule in the 11th century, a standing fleet was maintained by taxation. That continued for a time under the restored Anglo-Saxon regime of Edward the Confessor, who frequently commanded fleets in person.

A permanent Royal Navy, with its own staff, dockyards and a group of purpose-built warships, was created in the 16th century in the reign of Henry VIII. Under Elizabeth I, England was at war with Spain. Privately owned ships combined with the Royal Navy raided Spanish commerce and colonies. In 1588, Philip II of Spain sent the Spanish Armada against England to stop English support for the Dutch rebels, to stop English pirate activity, and to depose Elizabeth. The Spaniards sailed from Lisbon, planning to escort an invasion force from the Spanish Netherlands. The plan failed due to poor planning, English tactics, blocking action by the Dutch, and bad weather.

In law, the head of the Royal Navy is the monarch or her consort, holding the ceremonial title of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom. The Lord High Admiral was Elizabeth II from 1964 to 2011. Her husband Prince Phillip was in the Royal Navy during World War II. He was Lord High Admiral from 2011 to 2021. The professional head of the naval service is the First Sea Lord. He is a member of the Defence Council and the Admiralty Board. The Navy Board is below Admiralty Board and is responsible for running the Navy. Their offices are in the Ministry of Defence, London.

Full command of the Royal Navy is the job of Commander-in-Chief Fleet (CINCFLEET). The purpose of CINCFLEET is to provide ships, submarines and commando forces for military and diplomatic jobs as needed by the Government.
CINCFLEET command headquarters are in Portsmouth; operational headquarters are at Northwood, Middlesex. This is the Permanent Joint Headquarters and a NATO Regional Command.
During the Cold War, the Royal Navy mainly focused on hunting for Soviet submarines. These submarines were most active in the North Atlantic Ocean, the ocean near Britain.

The main jobs of the Royal Navy are:

As of 1st November 2011, the Royal Navy numbered 36,640 personnel and 2,300 Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer Reserve). Both of these figures include the Royal Marines and Royal Marines Reserve. In addition there were 19,600 Regular Reserves.

Women have been in the Royal Navy since 1917. From 1939 to 1993 they were part of the Women's Royal Naval Service (WRNS) and were called "Wrens". Since 1993 they have been a part of the regular Navy. The Royal Navy is an equal rights employer, with women having the same opportunities as their male counterparts. In 2012 for the first time a female officer, Commander Sarah West commanded a major warship, HMS Portland.
"This is not a complete list of all Royal Navy vessels. It is a simplified version of only the major units for simplicity. "
HMS Queen Elizabeth (R08) is the first of the navy’s latest aircraft carriers. Along with her Sister ship, HMS Prince of Wales (R09) they are the biggest ships ever built for the Royal Navy. The ships can hold and launch F35 Lightning II B aircraft, which were built specially for the ships. Both ships are also fitted with Phalanx close-in weapons, which are controlled by RADAR.

HMS Albion (L14) is a Landing Platform Dock in the Royal Navy. She and her sister ship, HMS Bulwark (L15) provide an amphibious landing capability for Royal Marines. Each ship can carry up to 405 troops, 30 all-terrain armoured vehicles or six Challenger 2 tanks.
HMS Daring (D32) is one of a group of Destroyers. She is designed for anti-air warfare. She can also conduct patrol missions and carry a boarding party from the Royal Marines. She and her sisters will are the main warships for the next decade at least.

"The other Type 45 Destroyers are HMS Dauntless, HMS Diamond, HMS Defender, HMS Dragon and HMS Duncan"
HMS Sutherland (F81) is one of the Duke class Frigates. She is designed for anti-submarine warfare. She can also conduct a variety of other missions. She is the first ship to have this name in over 200 years. She was the ship chosen to escort HMS Queen Elizabeth out of her shipyard in 2017.

"The other Type 23 Frigates are HMS Argyll, HMS Lancaster, HMS Iron Duke, HMS Montrose, HMS Westminster, HMS Northumberland, HMS Richmond, HMS Somerset, HMS Kent, HMS Portland and HMS St Albans. Four others used to serve in the Royal Navy, but 3 were sold to Chile and 1 has been removed from active service. "
HMS Protector (A173) is the Royal Navy’s Ice Patrol Ship. She primarily patrols the British Antarctic Territory but also serves in the nearby Falklands and South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands.
HMS Vanguard (S28) is one of four nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines (SSBN). She can fire the Trident nuclear missile around the globe. They also hold Spearfish torpedoes which can attack a target up to 14 miles away. At any time at least one boat is at sea with nuclear weapons to defend Britain. Their operations are highly secretive. They are based at HMNB Clyde in Scotland.

"The other Vanguard class submarines are HMS Vigilant, HMS Vengeance and HMS Victorious."
HMS Astute (S119) is the first of a new type of fleet submarine (SSN). Her type is nuclear powered. They can fire the Tomahawk IV missile at ground targets and torpedoes at surface ships. She is one of the most powerful attack submarines ever operated by the Royal Navy.

"The other 3 boats are HMS Ambush, HMS Artful and HMS Audacious. Three more boats are planned or under construction."

Mafia

The mafia is one of many organized crime groups working in many parts of the world. The most famous one was created in Italy more than 200 years ago. The mafia groups makesl billions of dollars a year from such crimes as making and selling illegal drugs, money laundering, stealing, gambling, and prostitution.

The first written use of the word "mafia" has it being said on a list of rebels against the Catholic Church and meant "boldness, ambition, pride." Since none of those traits was considered to be appropriate for a woman, it became the name of a witch.

Many people also believe that Arabic affected the word "mafia" during the period of the Arabs' control of Sicily in 846 AD, after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. "Mahias" is an Arabic word meaning "bold man" and is believed to be incorporated into the modern term "mafia." It also suggests the bold and arguing nature of its members.

A boss in the Sicilian mafia had a list of ten rules, which have been called the mafia's Ten Commandments.

The mafia in Italy has been around for hundreds of years in the areas of Calabria, Sicily, Naples and Apulia, all in southern Italy.

The Italian-American mafia began at the time when many Italians moved to the United States in the 19th century. The first Italian mafia was in New Orleans in Louisiana but soon was in many cities across the country. The Italian mafia in the United States is actually called "La Cosa Nostra", which in Italian means "our thing." The American mafia is divided into different groups, or "families." Many large cities have only one Italian-American mafia family, but some larger cities like New York City have more.

New York City has five Italian mafia families:

Many other American cities have Italian mafia families like in Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, and Los Angeles

There are many other groups like the Italian mafia all over the world like these:

There are other groups as well, like the mafia groups in Russia that make money from drugs and weapons. All of those groups operate in the United States, Canada, Australia, England and other Western countries and cause many problems in both those countries and their own.

Just like in a company, where people have a boss and workers, the Italian-American mafia, which calls itself "La Cosa Nostra" (LCN, meaning "our thing" in Italian), has a hierarchy. Everyone has a job to do. Some people are bosses and some are workers. However, some members work their way up the ladder of power and get respect. Here is the hierarchy of an American mafia family:
Each family will have a number of associates. These are people that work with them or for them but are not official members. ("see below; becoming a member")

The mafia in New York began when thousands of Italians moved there in the late 19th century and the early 20th century to find a better life. Many Irish and Germans also moved there for the same reasons. Many of those people set up a business or worked for businesses that were already there. Most earned very little money, and some of them, who were tired of being poor, decided to earn money from crime so that they could make more than by working.

There were many Irish and Italian criminal groups in the city who would steal, extort, and murder for money. The groups were known all-together as "Black Hand" but did not actually work as one group. There were many groups, and each worked on its own. The term "Black Hand" actually was the name of what the gangs did (extortion), not theirs.

In 1920 alcohol (or liquor) was made illegal in the US, and the gangs had a new way to make money. They brought in illegal liquor from Canada and sold it in clubs. They bribed police into letting them illegally sell liquor and made millions of dollars from that because they were the only ones who had liquor and so they could sell it at extremely high prices.

Around then, several gangs in New York became one large gang, the Mafia, as their leaders realized that more money could be made if the gangs worked together. Giuseppe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano were two men who wanted to become the boss of the newly made New York mafia. Fighting, known as the "Castellammarese War" broke out between the two men, and many of their soldiers were killed. Masseria's underboss was Lucky Luciano, a man who also wanted to control the New York Mafia. He met with Masseria's enemy Salvatore Maranzano and plotted to kill Masseria, Luuciano's own boss.

Masseria was shot to death in a restaurant in New York by Maranzano's soldiers; one of them was Vito Genovese, a man who would later become boss. That was also the end of the "Castellammarese War." With the death of Masseria, Maranzano appointed himself the boss of the New York Mafia, who was called in Italian the "Capo di tutti Capi", meaning "Boss of all Bosses." He called a meeting with the other "mafiosi" (Italian for Mafia members) from all over the US and made the rules that are still used today.
The bosses of the five families, particularly Luciano, began to grow tired of Maranzano's arrogance and how he ran the mafia. Maranzano realized that and planned to have Luciano and his "consigliere" and "underboss", Vito Genovese and Frank Costello, killed, as well as others. Maranzano did not act quickly enough and was killed by men dressed as police officers on the orders of Luciano and his friend, a Jewish gangster from Florida named Meyer Lansky. Luciano then became the head of the New York mafia but not how Maranzano had been. He helped the five families run their business but he did not control them or call himself the "boss of bosses". The five families were kept.
The Profaci family (named after the first boss Joseph Profaci) went on to become named the Colombo crime family after a later boss, Joseph Colombo. The Mangano family (named after the first boss Vincent Mangano) went on to become named the Gambino crime family after a later boss, Carlo Gambino. The Gagliano family (named after the first boss Thomas Gagliano) went on to become named the Lucchese crime family after a later boss, Gaetano Lucchese. Frank Costello became the boss of Luciano's old family, which later went on to become named the Genovese crime family after Vito Genovese became the boss and tried to kill Frank Costello. The Bonanno family (named after the first boss, Joseph Bonanno) kept its name as he was the boss for a very long time.

This chart shows the bosses of the five families of New York since the "Castellammarese War:"

Bonanno crime family
lucy reed

Colombo crime family
